user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,290080,12168028,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,a$$ eater,"A lot of people have been asking my opinion on LiF- so I figured I'd go ahead and write a lengthy review on this game and lay down (what I think) you should consider if you're going to drop the $40 for this game in its current alpha state.First off, if you are someone who expects to be slaying dragons, fighting other people fully decked out in plate armor with a war horse and a golden lance within 30 minutes, and destorying them in 8 seconds with Mount and Blade style combat- do not even remotely consider this game.At the exact time of this review I have sunk about 7 hours into this game (and of course plan on playing much more) and have managed to JUST NOW build myself a small shack and obtain a little iron to POSSIBLY create into tools. Mind you this was done with the help of around 6-7 other people who were working in extreme cooperation with one another. Just to give you a little sense of how ""hardcore"" this game really is when it comes to progression. (I was also playing on a server with hardly any skill multiplier, there are servers where you can level things much faster and thus progress with greater speed if you're looking for a more solo experience)Now down to picking out the major aspects of the game people wish to know about:1. Combat: Being someone who loves the fighting aspects of games, I will admit that Life is Feudal's alpha combat is nothing to write home about. 3/4s of your swings WILL miss until you get the range of your weapon (which is different for each weapon) and once you've actually got the combat down you will still have difficulty hitting. It is /not/ Mount and Blade combat. Is it close? Yes- but it is not M&B. Trust me. However, there is only alpha and it will likely get MUCH better and I can certainly see a fantastic combat system coming out of this. All in all, the combat at the moment is basically an unpolished combat of what can make a great system. 6/102. Crafting: Crafting is definetly one of the stronger aspects of this game. It is rich and complex, certainly has massive potenial to be added onto. Even in its current state there is quite a lot to do. However I have been met with some pretty strange bugs that cause me to crash (which is totally to be expected in the alpha testing phase, but I am after all reviewing the alpha) and some recipes are implemented but do not even work, for example the bow and torch. Overall, crafting is going to be very good when it is refined and expanded on, and even in its current state it is very useable. 7/103. UI: I am bunching UI and Mechanics together due to the fact that there isn't much to talk about regarding them. The User interface is clearly in an early stage, but much like the crafting, very useable. There is a bit of a learning curve when you first get into the game (trying to figure out how the hell to do anything basically) but once you over come this, you should be able to experiment and figure out everything else on your own. Don't expect this game to spoon feed you, and honestly after 7 hours, I'm sure there is stuff that even I haven't figured out yet. 6/104. Skills and Mechanics: The skills system is still very much a work in progress, I'd say about 1/4(?) of the skills have still yet to be implemented. However, that doesn't detract from the complexity and potential that the skill system has. From plant gathering to cutting down trees, to using a sickle effectively as a weapon under ""milita service"", the skill system is impressive. One of the coolest in my opinion is the formation skills when in a unit, I'd write more about it but it is something easier looked up. As of right now I have only encountered one bug with the skills and that is when you pray it actually respawns you (for some odd reason). The skills system is definetly going to be something to enjoy once it is fully completed. 8/10Now my final thoughts on whether you should drop the $40 or not: As you can see in a lot of what I said, these systems will be great ""once they're complete"" and take that exactly how it's said. This is without a doubt an alpha, and if you can't get past the crashes, bugs, and imperfect systems- do not spend your money. If this was around... $20 I would say you should still give it a go, but this price tage is a bit steep. However- if you wish to support the development process and you can get past the grime thats covering the shine, you're going to enjoy the living hell out of this game and I would highly recommend it.Hopefully this helps some people make their decisions."
76561198036654577,Recommended,290080,13654693,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,dcarter6,"I absolutely love this game. I am on a non PVP server and we are usually close to full every evening. I was unsure about the game the first hour or so. I'm used to Rpg's where you wander around killing stuff to level up and craft when you get tired of leveling. This game is completely different. It's all about building and crafting. It'a about wandering around a beautiful country looking for the things you need to make food, tools, armor, houses, keeps, weapons...basically anything and everything.On our server we have like three separate communities or villages. Since PVP isn't an option on this server, we are friendly to one another. On my second day of playing I had made a crapload of mortar and pestles so I shouted out that if anyone wanted some of them for free, just come to my village at the base of the smallest mountain in the northeast by the sea. (There are no roads yet, although they can be built with certain skills so we use landmarks like lakes and mountains to guide people to where we are). So some stranger shouts back asking me why don't I put my stuff in a chest and I respond that i don't have one or the skills to make one. So he yells back that he'll make me one and he lugs this huge chest on his back all the way to my village just to be neighborly! This is the kind of community I like to play in and the majority of the players on my server are like this! Then the guy sticks around a bit and gives me tips on crafting and makes me a blacksmith hammer when I ask him what skill is needed to make one.The crafting is what makes this game fun for me. Gathering my materials and skilling up to make better items is simply a blast once you figure out the mechanics which aren't very hard. Right now, I'm enjoying making tools. Yesterday I tried out hunting. Low level hunting was fun as heck. You're too weak to kill big game, but the game makes it enjoyable in a very unique way for newbies. A noob hunter has a couple od fun skills One is a crafting option to make small animal snares and the other is called small animal tracking. When you activate tracking, an animal's footprints appear and you can see where he likes to travel. Follow his trail and place the snares you make out of materials along the way ( plant fiber, a tree branch and an apple) which are all easy to find, then come back in an hour or so and empty your traps. I got chickens and hares and I put them in a coop in my village and they laid eggs and had babies...totally awesome. You can also track aggressive animals once you learn to defend yourself. I've seen bears and wolves. There are no monsters yet and I'm okay with that...it feels real. Supposedly they will be added in the future. Bear in mind this is alpha.There are PVP servers if that is your thing, but I can't comment on that aspect of the game because I don't like pvp.If you choose non pvp, the game is about building a community. In my village everyone chats, they ask other for items and sometimes we trade stuff or even just give it away. Today a new person logged on and asked us how to get a house, so we told him to join our village and everyone helped to build him one. Since I was too low to actually help build, I helped gather wood. I felt good about it and it was fun to see everyone helping a complete stranger. I've played MMO's for many years and frankly outside of guilds, you meet so many rude obnoxious people in MMO's anymore but so far it hasn't been like that here.I'm really excited. I found it difficult to even take time away from the game to write this post, but I wanted to get the word out. I've got big plans. I'm raising my healing skills and making my own plate mail so i can kill bears, and I'm learning to fish. I'm even going to build a keep which takes 15000x rocks and 4000 shaped stone among other things. It will take months and it will be so much fun to watch it grow into a fortress for me and my friends.Let me be clear on one thing. if you're looking for action packed adventure, the non pvp server aspect of this game is NOT for you. This is laid back...serene music in the background, birds twittering in the trees, the sound of your neighbor chopping wood, a hike up the biggest mountain on the island to watch the sunset and get back home before the wolves come out. It's about meeting people who don't yell, ""I PWNED YOU!"", but instead say things like, ""Hey, we just killed a bear and we're cooking it up in our new village...everyone's invited!"" or ""Hey, I'm a prospector and I have a ton of copper...wanna trade me some of your logs for some of it?"" or ""Hi everyone...I'm new here...can anyone help me?"" and hearing 6 people shouting back for him to come join their village. There are a few bugs...this is alpha after all. In the morning, chicks are born, trees blossom, and everything updates and there's usually a few minutes lag. Once my targetting button wouldnt work and I logged out  and then back on and it solved that glitch. This is early alpha after all, so glitches happen, but so far nothing game breaking. What I really like is it doesn't feel like some madcap rush to endgame...like omg I have to level up to keep up with everyone. It's not like that at all. Even the lowliest noob can help on stuff because gathering is a HUGE part of this game.  It's slow paced, but entertaining as hell. There's such a satisfaction when you gain a skill where you can make a new tool or piece of furniture or armor and actually use it and see a big difference. And since each village is essnetially a guild with houses, there's sense of community, of being neighbors. It's not some strange guy ridng up on his horse, hurrying to unload the gear he got in a dungeon and racing off without a backward glance or a hello. It's about your neigbor looking over at you and saying, ""I feel like mining today. What are you going to do?"" I look off in the distance at some mountain and reply,"" I'm going to go over to that mountain over there and terraform the top so I can build me a little shack at the top with a view of the ocean on one side and this village on the other."" My neighbor looks at me and says, ""It's going to take you awhile to flatten the land on the top of that mountain. That's a lot of digging!"" I smile and reply, ""That's okay! I like the view and I've got lots of time!""I love this game!More impressions! New impressions after a week. I'm so tired....last night I did not go to bed because I simply cannot quit playing. So much has happened. The lag comtinues to glitch the game at times and kicks  you occasionally but I'm willing to tolerate that due to early access...it's expected. My first server grew unstable in no small part due to my older computer so I've switched twice since then. A FANTASTIC experience both times! My first was another PVE server since I'm terrible at PVP and I met the most wonderful group 2 minutes into getting their and joined their village. Had a wonderful time helping them build and getting to know them. we decided to go for a village surrounded by castle walls and it was cool. Now here's the thing...a lot of these guys had experience by now like me and the town was already coming along great without me, so I decided to take up herbalism because none of them seemed to like the grind of this skill. They make this skill like a mini game. Evetry herb has three hidden qualities and there are 66 herbs. Your challenge is to find them (easy and quick), mix them with a mortar and pestle (Easy again), and finally try to match them up to find which ones share familiar traits (not so easy). Heres the thing...you're looking for one particualar item in these herbs...flux. You cannot mix two of the same with similar traits or it creates an item and your herb disappears. You don't want that to happen on 99% of the items...however, if you get two items with flux characteristics, you DEFINITELY want to mix them because this is the most needed item for"
76561198067099808,Recommended,290080,20051342,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Yeezus,"The following is a personal anecdote taken from my experiences playing on Role-Play Community: Life is Feudal (RPCLIF) server. In this community heavy RP is enforced and any event done otherwise is punishable.Day 1:I have finally made my way into the realm from a nearby beach, it has been a while since I have visited the Isle of Maldath. I gather berries and herbs and begin to train myself in the ways of the gatherer.Day 2:I have located a nearby settlement surrounded by tall oaks and green grasses known to the natives as Woodhurst. Upon signaling the guardsman at the towering iron front gate, to my surprise, I am greeted by an old friend of mine, Arnaas of Valencia. We reminisce for a moment and I am soon offered a position among their people as an herbalist in training. Of course I accept, and then am put on a trial period to prove my loyalty.Day 3:Whilst gathering in the nearby cattle-fields of Woodhurst I notice two men approaching the front gate of the town, one in what seemed to be a religious robe and the other in sturdy plate armour. I am urgent about greeting them, in hopes that I can make a few friends. The two outsiders reveal themselves to be ""Solith"" a priest of the Blood God and ""Korn,"" a fellow mercenary. They are spreading word that the southern faction known as Dominion has fallen and is being rebuilt by their cult. Once again, I am offered a position. Strucken by promises of gold and power... I am torn.Day 8:After days of training, I have begun to mix potions for Woodhurst as they have accepted me as their full time alchemist. I covertly keep in touch with Solith as I am still partially swayed by his tempting offers. I am introduced to the town bank as I am now added to the pay roll.Day 12:A raid has taken place on the nearby settlement of Mercia in which the pope of Woodhurst was slain by no other than Korn and Solith's Cult. General Felipo of the Woodhurst army immediately drafts me into their military as a recruit and I undergo extreme combat training. My specialty being Pole-Axes and Scale Armour.Day 20:Serving for Woodhurst has now become grueling work with little pay. One night at my post, I decide to leave the town in search of Solith's lair, hoping that his offer still stands. I am greeted by their cult and am offered training and safe haven if I leave Woodhurst forever. I state that I must go back to fetch my items. As I am leaving, a squadron of Woodhurst soldiers stops  and sees me conversing with the cult. I am immediately interrogated and claim to be seeking revenge for our pope. General Felipo decides to take matters into his own hands and challenges Solith's mercenary, Korn to a duel. Korn is decapitated as I make an effort to ride back to Woodhurst.Day 30:My quarters have been under lockdown and I have been suspended for suspicion of treason. One night I successfully subdue my guard and make my way into the inner town square. I make my way for the bank. The blackmith's, the queen's, carpenter's, everyones payroll now mine. I have stolen a horse and made my way back to Solith's lair. I am now wanted.Day 31:The combined forces of Woodhurst and her allies have surrounded Solith's Lair and are demanding that I be handed over for execution. We wait them out after exchanging volleys of spears etc.Day 34:The heat has cooled off and I leave the lair in search of a plot of land to buy for my own, one that is away from all this conflict. As I approach a nearby village, I make my way into the town inn and have a long conversation with the bartender. A long enough conversation in order for their messenger to send word to Woodhurst of my location. I hear a farmiliar voice call my name. As I turn, I immediately draw my weapon. Then as I see all the other farmiliar faces start appearing, I dash for my life. I make it just in time to grab my horse and ride all the way across the island evading every single horse archer and lanceman they sent after me. I am now forever an outcast among these lands.Conclusion:I'm going to let you all in on a little secret about this game.  Like many others of its kind, this game and its famous hard-core RPG elements, are very closely tied to the servers you play on. This is because to become a ""Grandmaster Hunter"" or even a ""Famous Axe-Man"" means close to nothing unless you have a community that depends on you. So what I'm trying to say is, don't jump into this game by yourself or even with a few friends on a private server because most of you will not get your money's worth. You don't want yourself to end up like everyone else in the negative reviews section who got sick of digging holes and grinding for levels. Instead, find a meaningful server. One that cherishes heavy RP, constant PVP, or even both. That being said, I highly recommend RPCLIF as your server of choice for the adventures to come."
76561198018678339,Recommended,290080,20795033,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Shawn,"I have played this game a lot. I know almost everything about it, currently. I have built everything that there is to build, been a king, a farmer, a warrior...  so when I write a review, know that it is quite balanced. I am no fan boi, and will let you know all the pro's and cons of this game.Pros.1. You can tailor your characters skills to match what you wish to do in the game. Depending on the server skill cap, it can mean you can ONLY be a farmer and a bowman, or a smith and a swordsman, to being able to do everything.  Pick the server that best represents what you want. RP, pvp, rp/pvp, high skill cap (recommended for new players) or low skill cap.2. crafting system requires a lot of steps. You want to build a small house? Alright the you either have to have a supply of trees nearby, or have forestry to plant saplings and wait half a week in real life for trees to grow enough to harvest. Then once you get the timber, you or a friend better have herbalism to get enough flux to make steel for the locks and mortar needed for doors. Then you better know enough materials prep to make glass for windows... which requires carpentry as do the doors. Oh, and smithing to make the locks... while you make clay tiles. So, you need 1. forestry. 2. logging. 3 carpentry. 4. smithing. 5. materials prep. 6 gathering. 7 herbalism... just to make the smallest house in game.  On a low skill cap server, this will take the combined efforts of 3-4 people. Now imagine what a castle takes.3. harvesting is indepth. Need leather? Go hunt, make coops to harvest hares, and barns for animals... oh you need to actually trap those animals, or tame them.  Food is grown, and harvested... then a cook is needed ot make it into actual food. All raw resources need to be manufactured into goods.4. giant battles. I have participated in a 64 man judgement day battle. Took hours of non stop fighting, with trebuchets flinging rocks, bombs and arrows everywhere, people murdering eachother and sometimes friends on accident.5. Small battles. Nothing is more intense than a 2-3 man vs 2-3 man fight, where every person is needed to hold their own to win. Takes hours and hours of training to get decent, and I mean just decent, at pvp6. You literally create your own town from nothing. You scoop every bit of dirt, plant every tree, move the world to create a settlement that you can be proud of. You can make a hovel in a swamp, or a giant fortress in the mountains, it all depends on the time you invest.7. community and roleplaying can be a blast. Politics, intrigue, back biting... all fun.Cons.1. server wipes. put 200 hours into your place, and its gone, instantly, start from scratch.2. lazy or no gms. LEaves you at the mercy of the griefers if the server you choose doesnt have active gms.3. SLOW DEVELOPMENT. And I mean SLOW. I have played for quite some time now... the ONLY thing added to the game since I have played (I played in beta) was advanced weather. That's it. Most people dont even use it as it can lag you. Oh and the dx11 graphic upgrade... which didnt actually add anything to the game. They have been promising horse drawn carts for MONTHS.4. broken features/bugs will drive you crazy. Wait till you die 20 times in a row, losing a ton of skill points that takes  hours to get because of a bug.You can't play the game by yourself and expect to win. The fun is in groups. Dont buy this game if you dont want to join a group."
,Recommended,290080,13744460,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Literally The Grimace,"Upon returning to our base, my friends and I discovered a man wearing a royal helmet rummaging through our things.He claimed to be friendly.We claimed to be friendly.Now we have a cool helmet."
,Not Recommended,290080,13177899,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Celyia,"There are some things about LiF that are really neat: the crafting, the graphics. Building your own medieval town is really such a wonderful idea and I was eyeing this game for ages.But as a single player (and this game is being marketed for single players as well as multiple), this game has been nothing but a disappointment.- For solo players, the grind is really the only thing there is. There's no danger and no purpose really to play: any wildlife that may attack you is easily avoidable. There are no other mobs. I had read before purchase of intentions to create quests and mobs, but it seems that those ideas have been abandoned in favour of keeping LiF:YO as a game that relies entirely on PvP for non-crafting content.- The grind is real. It took me over thirty RL hours to flatten the land and collect the mats I needed to build a small shack. This was after tweaking settings so I could have a chance in hell of creating anything on my own. As much as I love crafting, it's going to take absurd amount of time -- hundreds and hundreds of hours -- to build anything. But with no danger present in the world, there's no purpose to build other than aesthetics.- Some of the cool features in the LiF video are -only available for the MMO-. This is not the MMO. There are no crafting games here. The island you get is small and not likely to get bigger. No quests planned. The only thing in the world is you. And the tedious grind of creation.- Speaking of the MMO, that's where the devs are focused. Buying LiF: YO isn't giving you a version of the MMO: it's giving you the redheaded stepchild of the family. It's sickly, underdeveloped, and simply not getting any of the attention that they are lavishing on its brother. Reading the official forums makes it clear that this isn't likely to change. (Seriously. Go look at the list about the differences between YO and the MMO. You may find that the feature you're purchasing this for doesn't exist in the YO version.)Don't get me wrong. I really want to like this game. I'll keep my eyes on it and see if maybe the devs have a change of heart about the PVP-only content. But LiF is too much effort for very little pay off. Even if you are a solo player -- especially, even -- I'd highly suggest you wait for the MMO when it comes out.If it comes out."
76561198113590474,Not Recommended,290080,19217066,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,GavinHorneUK,"As of writing this one week after its ""commercial release"" I would say that this game is not currently worth the full price they are asking for it simply because it should never have been ""released"" as it is. I waited until they announced it was being released as I want to be able to play the game rather than constantly reporting bugs, however this game is nowhere near in a releasable state. Frankly it is still an Alpha game and every single play session I have entered into leads to yet more bugs and issues that quite frankly leave me frsutrated and enfuriated. Saxxon, the companies modrator on the steam forums, replies to complaints in snarkiness and with sarcasm and constantly compares this ""release"" to that of Fallout 4 because ""that game has bugs too!"" when the fact is that Fallout 4 does have bugs but is still more than playable with minimal stress or concerns whereas I am unable to get through 20 mins of Life is feudal without finding something else which is either broken or was simply half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in development. This game's ""release"" in no way compare's to Fallout 4, and for that matter I wouldn't compare it to Arkham Knight either which in istelf had a nightmare launch. Frankly, the release of this game is by far the worse PC release I have ever been a part of and what really pains me about that is that the concept of the game in itself is a very good one.Frankly I am disgusted that the company went straight from Alpha state into ""release"" completely bypassing the bug detecting beta phase and that they then have the ignorance to have someone like Saxxon treat new players concerns with derision because ""well it's not that bad"". They made a business decision to say that this game was finished and releasable and so with that there comes higher expectations as to the actual standard of the game and quality of the gameplay. At the moment this game fails on both fronts simply due to constantly encountering game-breaking bugs when trying to do the most basic of tasks. Do not be fooled into thinking that this game is as polished as other games as it really is not, and even now you are paying to participate in an Alpha even if they have removed that from the description. Be prepared to encounter lots of graphical and gameplay issues and also be prepared to submit a lot of bug reports.The real sad thing is that most of the bugs I (and my girlfriend) have encountered are things that should have been fixed in early alpha stages and so it disheartens me a lot to think that the developer now believes the game is adequate for release. It points to the fact that either the Developer is not actually taking note of issues and fixing them, or that the majority of players who particpated in the original Alpha didnt actually start over from scratch and build things for themselves and instead joined ready built servers. I have read a lot of forum posts from players who quite clearly just joined a pre-existing server where things were already built and so they skipped the majority of the grass routes ""find this and build this"" content early on. There really isn't any other explanation for why some of these bugs are still in the game at release.There is also a hell of a lot of mis-information on the internet about the actual workings of the game. The Life is Feudal Wiki being one of the main sources as it seems to be rediculously out of date when you try and look things up. This leads you to look for things that it says you need only to later find that you actually don't and that the process has now changed or become more complicated in some fashion. This is very concenring too considering that the company believes that the game was releaseable and yet they can't even be bothered to update their online information source when they make major changes to the game.I am extremely frustrated and dissapointed by this game simply because the concept in itself is great. I WANT to like this game and I have been forcing myself to play it and to fight through bug after bug to submit the reports to hopefully get them eventually fixed. The problem is that I simply can not morally support a company who force out a turd and then try and tell you that it is chocolate and that it tastes good because someone else's tastes worse. I have read a lot of forum posts in the last week and Saxxon's demeanor has led me to write this honest review. When a company charges people to play an Alpha version of a game, they damn sure need to listen to the feedback they are given and they need to listen to it with a smile as far as I am concerned. We are playing it more to help at this point than for any real enjoyment of our own and so when you read someone dismissing legitimate concerns simply because they can't be bothered to face the reality, it really frustrates me.Right now in it's current state I do not recommend this game at it's full listing price. If you see it at 50-60% off again (as it was on its launch week) then by all means buy it but do not expect to play it every day unless you are mentally prepared to encounter a lot of bugs. This game is not worth the full price which is a real shame.I do have hope that eventually they will get the game in a good and playable condition but I am not expecting that to be anytime sooner than 6 months or so from now, maybe even longer. This leaves me very dissapointed that they have considered ""releasing"" the game as they have. I will edit this review as and when issues become fixed and the game becomes playable and enjoyable but for now I would say save your money and wait for a sale. I still have hope that this game has a good future, but right now that future seems far off and my hope is not as high as it once was.EDIT 1:- Well my initial review was written at approx the 40 hours of game time mark, and now since I have doubled that and am at approx 85 hours, I figured i'd update my review to show if anything has changed. Sadly, It hasn't. The more I play the more I see issues which should have been fixed months ago. The in game systems such as Herbalism or Animal Taming are rediculously bloated and make the game a tedious grind more so than any other game I have played, and to make matters worse because the developers have relied heavily on Random Number Generators for everything in game it actually leads players to argue at how easy/hard things are to complete. What people forget is that because the game randomly assigns all recipes to you in something like Herbology, what works for you will not work for anyone else and so if you find it easy it is because the game has made it so the most common herbs are the important ones where as for everyone else the important herbs are the most rare. There is no definitive ""the game is easy or hard because"" simply because the RNG decides that every time you click create character. The RNG's seem to be everywhere too, such as in taming an animal. I have had one boar that would tame after 5 apples, but then another takes over 50. When you are playing the game as a single or co-op player that is a ton of resources to lose just for a single animal, but the problem is that you have no idea how many you will use until you have used them. Animal taming has many other flaws too such as the idea that you have to chase the animal until it tires itself out which again seems to rely on an RNG as to how long you will have to chase it for. Just today myself and my girlfriend had to chase a horse from dusk one day until the following morning in game and at no point did the horse tire out. It just ran and ran and never stopped. Another major issue is the fact that the animals can run straight through anything that would stop you, so they will literally pass through a tree trunk, stone wall or garden fence whilst you have to run around them. For a game that is supposed to be realistic, more and more I see issues that are simply unrealistic.More notes can be found in comments section"
76561198024353470,Not Recommended,290080,12653194,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,gatt001,"you are not paying for the devlopment of this game.insted they are using the money made from this to create an MMO that will be pay to play based on the gameplay from this.basicly you are testing and ironing out bugs so the MMO will be launched near perfect with little or no cost to the devlopers, those that have pointed this out on the companys forums have been deleted.as far as this ""game"" goes, it remains to be known what will happen at the launch of the MMO (btw you get 1 free chr for buying this, thats right, only 1!) but my guess is this will be pulled.this is not a direct flame at the compnany involved, but i wish i had known this before buying.guess i should have reserched it first."
76561198022230345,Recommended,290080,13533565,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,PhantomWolf,"This game is very time consuming.I thought I would attempt to play this 'Space Engineers/Minecraft' style and build for fun.   I was not successful.  After 16 Hours, I had managed to build some barrels...  This game is so realistic that one cannot master all the crafting abilities, so you will need friends to work together in order to assign jobs and delegate work.  I.e. Woodsman, miner, carpenter, farmer, and so-on.  I think this game could be great with the right group of friends alas, most of mine are d-bags and aren't into sandbox/crafting games."
76561198097528994,Not Recommended,290080,19145886,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Irish,"The early access version went through a lot of ups and downs, but it was pretty solid. Obvious issues like infinity piles/tunneling and some getting stuck on terrain/etc but generally speaking it was a 'good' game.Then something odd happened I've never seen an EA game do before... They released a different game than what we have been testing/playing these last few years. I don't get it, you have us test this game for early access so you can work out the bugs/etc. But on launch day you change dozens and dozens of things that basically no one has tested. Why would you do this... The current version is so incredibly broken with bugs and glitches dedicated servers won't even run in a stable fashion.For whatever reason the devs had a 2nd version of the game they were developing on the side and released that instead of the game we've all been playing this entire time. What happened??"
,Not Recommended,290080,12757954,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Corium,"Life is indeed Feudal, but unfortunately this game is futile.At the time of purchase, this game was advertised as Life is Feudal, then they made a hard right turn and shut down their original servers used for testing the MMO of this game and repurposed it for ""Your Own"", a small 3kmx3km island that resembles RUST only that it is set to a medieval time scale. The game promised group oriented combat and large group vs large group sieges to claim land and castles of such grand scale that it truly did blow everything else out of the water, including the Persistent World mod for Mount and Blade.After the game's EA release here on steam it was clear that they were completely derailing from their original intent of the MMO, and sought to make some extra cash. That's wonderful and all, but the simple fact that they openly said, "" We're looking to fund LiF:MMO with all the money we earn from LiF:YO..."" makes this game dangle ever so slightly over the toilet that snaps at it with hungry jaws.The marketing idea is flawed, fine, maybe the game is good enough to overcompensate.Let's look at some of the keystones for the game:Built with Torque 3D ( HEAVILY modified)- While this engine looks decent enough, it's not even capable of handing a 16 player server with minimal terraforming, the rigging is so clunky that most of the hit boxes actually twist with the character's movement, which translates into mangled hitboxes that are impossible to land hits on when you can clearly see the head of your hammer or the blade of your sword going through the body of the other player.Bi Weekly Updates- While the updates seem frequent enough, the content that is updated is more of a ""hotfix"" nature and not an actual Update to the game or its content.Developer presence- The presence of the Devs is definetly felt, they seem to be making a good bit of appearances on the forums both in Steam and in their own bug tracker. This could be both bad and good, as the more time they spent scrolling through the forums.. the less time they spent fixing the heavily modified game engine that requires a lot of love due to the fact that the engine is not designed for such a game, even with modding... it's limitations are clearly visible.Terraforming- The trailer made it look sweet right? Well... unless you dig a tunnel in a straight line then you need to expect gapping holes in the world that will cause you to fall beneath the playerworld and into a vast underground sea. The other side of terraforming, which doesn't involve mining, is almost a death sentence to the server. Get a group of friends to terraform your lands so you can properly build your kingdom and you'll increase the time it takes to load into a server by 10-30 minutes. The more you change, the longer it takes for the server to give you the files as it seems to be replacing ALL the local files with modded files from the server.Building- You can't do it alone unless you crank up the skill cap and become the God of All Skills. The only way to enjoy the game is to do so with atleast 3+ friends on a server that has skillcap/harvesting/growthtime all cranked up, and even then it will take days to complete small projects.Online play- I can only consider this an option if I'm part of a private server, as the game does little to nothing to stop griefing. Between folks digging unrepairable tunnels throughout your village, to people deconstructing your homes and putting unremoveable campfires in their wake. This game's Troll factor reaches that of RUST, minus the hacking... they did a good job of preventing that by keeping ALL files server sided.Servers- So, this is the fun part. Even a high end server can barely run this game without hourly spikes of lag that have been dubbed, "" Morning lag"" due to the obsurb amount of trees and plant growth that all require 2-4 calls to the database before updating. Each time you change a value, the client requests information from the database and the database requests information from the client... multiple times for the same change.Inventory- If you have OCD, step away. The inventory bags are nothing more than visual vomit. You COULD take an hour to organize the herbalist bag of yours... but your friend will still see visual vomit when he opens it, due to all inventory placement being clientsided.There are countless other issues that arise when you talk about the keystone features of the game, and I understand it's an embryotic alpha, damn near a tech demo, BUT.... the icing on this wonderful cake is the fact that the game doesn't properly used your video drivers as NONE of the video display adapter profiles are implemented into the game yet... want some more sweetness? a 16gb rig still gets  ""Out of Memory"" errors from playing the game for less than 5 minutes.Last but not least, the bug tracker for this game is a mile and a half long, and seems to be at a stand still.Overall, 2/10 but 7/10 when played with friends.Would not recommend.This is my first review, enjoy."
76561197983409609,Not Recommended,290080,16241046,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Weekes,"**********************EditAfter the developer response i thought i'd give the game another run through.I tried to keep an open mind, especially (and surprisingly) now the game has left Early Access; and visually i thought it was much better.However - after spending 15 minutes fine tuning myself in the updated character creator while joining a server, i received the message ""you cannot use this name"". This happened twice, until i went with the default character with the name ""ILBAsdbasd askdjsjjs"" of which the game was much happier to allow.Anyway; I walked around, there were several frame rate drops that were temporary but nothing bad. A lot of effort has indeed been put into the aesthetic with a much more streamlined UI.I managed to squeeze in another 5 minutes before:""Life is Feudal encountered an error and needs to close down""My breif edit and response to Saxxon is as follows.I was highly surprised before even starting the game that you made the decision to leave Early Access. The game runs smoother, i did notice.. However i was able to play even LESS of your game than i was back in June.Regarding the comment about my issues being with the servers and ""not the game itself"".I can't understand how that salvages anything. The game is only accessible through these servers, especially for new players.However you are correct and many of the issues i originally encountered have been fixed.But if i bought this game now, in ""release version"" and was unable to play due to the crash i wouldn't really give a flying **** about mining a tunnel.************************************Original Review:After spending nearly 40 hours trying to get myself started on this game (over the course of 2015) i've just had to give up!Here's one example. To build a warehouse to store anything, you need a ton of metal ingots. To get ingots, you need to mine. However, after joining many servers hoping to find a stable playing environment (some servers don't load, others you get kicked for not speaking their native language) i was banned for simply mining.Turns out mining for metal causes lag for the rest of the server, who knew? So after finally finding another stable server, speaking my native language, i asked what the 'work-around' was for gathering metal. The response was ""An admin needs to build an 'infinite pile' for you"". However, the admin of this server was sick and wouldn't be on for a month, poor guy. You won't be able to continue with your mining skill progression either, unless an admin cheats this for you.Eventually, i got my ""infinite pile"" of resources and my mining skill was boosted for me. At this point, i felt like i had cheated the game. The last few hours of my time with Life is Feudal felt cheap, cheesed.. And upon rejoining the server after a little over a day, everything i'd built was on fire. This was due to the decay system that's been introduced to remove trash. I had spent hours trying to build my house and a warehouse, which was now defined by the game as 'trash'.All in all, if you are very lucky and find a stable server and don't mind cheating the game for resources, then you'll probably enjoy it. Just be aware about inviting a friend to purchase the game too, as they might not even be able to join the same servers as you.For me, i won't be revisiting Life is Feudal until these game breaking flaws are resolved.----------------On a side note ""This Early Access game is not complete and [may or may not change further]""Shouldn't this be illegal? I mean, everyone knows early access is a big cash cow for most devs, as well as Steam..Yet a good analogy would be to pay for a 3 course meal at a restaurant, sit down & receive your starter but nothing else.Maybe i'm just hungry."
76561197981973419,Not Recommended,290080,16114832,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,JuX,"I do not recommend the game, it's been many months and the development of the game is practically non-existent.Their rate of progression is laughable, which is probably cause of their focus on the MMO version (probably will end in tears). The game could be nice eventually but that won't happen in years.I would advice looking els where for your doze of medieval sandbox gaming.Game development is very long process, but this game has barely improved within a year. The community fixed lot of the optimization problems within days (or maybe even hours), when game was released for early-access. (Yet it took months for devs to integrate community solved fixes in to the game)"
76561198021224770,Recommended,290080,18357973,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Bob Ross,"Life Is Feudal - A lot of people buy this game with bad expectations.  They play games like ARK, DayZ, 7 days to die and Minecraft, and expect a 'medieval survival/builder sandbox' game to be comparable.  What they don't realize, is that they're idiots.Recent review I read:  ""I logged in for 2 minutes, saw the game sucks and got refunded"".This is the mindset for why this game has mixed reviews, NOT because the game deserves mixed reviews.Life is Feudal is a 'realistic' survival builder, which is something these kids don't understand, because none of their games are realistic.  To them, realism is finding a brand new machine gun in a box, or building a base in 30 minutes, or punching a dinosaur unconscious so they can tame it with berries, and that my friends is the grotesque standard these dumb kids are comparing this game to.  Don't listen.This game is it's own genre, and it can't be compared to anything else.  Everything takes time in this game.  It will take you days to build your first house, and weeks to build a settlement.  And THAT is why this game has the GREATEST community I have ever seen in an online game.  This game is all about teamwork... not the solo game experience.And just so people know what this game is being developed for... this version of the game is the groundwork for an MMO version, where a much larger world will be occupied by thousands of players.  This is by far the greatest survival/builder game I have ever played, with the best community I've ever played with.  Thank you 'Life is Feudal' developement team for creating a game for adults that scares off those with attention deficits."
76561198042763625,Not Recommended,290080,12181230,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Jason Porn,"The developers are seeming quite shady. Deleting ANY forum thread on steam that remotely mentions their overpriced early release game, Or, The fact that they delete any thread that draws attention to a negative point about the game should be a red flag.Notice the 10/10 review from HotRise here on metacritic?Go check out the life is feudal website and notice how similar their 'selling points' are.HotRise's review has no ACTUAL cons. This is a typical market tactic. Look constructive and modest, yet, have no ACTUAL downside.The developers aren't well known. And while this DOES NOT mean they shouldn't be trusted, it DOES mean to be careful.How do we do this?By monitoring their ""First impression practises""I have seen a video from AffectiveGamers/DecryptedGaming on steam that he did himself that sums them up very well if you want to see this video click the linkhttp://encryptgames.wordpress.com/2014/09/22/too-much-power-for-steam-developers/What are they?-Overpriced $40 early-release (very unfinished) game. (When compared to Rust and DayZ both having big names behind them, lots of trust, and a less expensive early release product)-Lack of professionalism Re: not being able to take consumer criticism, and instead deleting any sign of it. (This is propaganda)-The developers don't seem to have a decent grasp on marketing and sales.And think about this.It is a scary thought that a bunch of people who may or may not be able to create a game will pull out random figures of ""we need $200,000 for making the game"" without being able to tell you where the money will be spent and why.A bunch of people who don't understand market trends and values and will charge twice what other more well-established companies charge for an Early Release game without understanding that as an upstart company, where there has been no established trust, that they need to charge less to sell more.And this will potentially create more revenue, but, DEFINITELY generate a larger ""copies sold"" statistic. Which in of itself, creates more trusted statistics for further backing/sponsorship/sales.This game may be great. But right now, the developers seem to be a bunch of guys who haven't much idea about business.Maybe they can design a game. But it takes more than that to be successful.Too scared to pay $40 and watch the company shut-down so I could just make a few people rich. As has happened with 'companies' in the past.When and if the ""company"" starts acting more professional and less shady/disrespectful to their consumer-base, I will re-do my review.Until then, I will have a close eye on them. And also warn others to not throw $40 down the tube to a company who's LEAD DESIGNER has doubts about the probability of success.Edit:To the people that are saying that I am wrong I may be BUT these are my 2 cents I am tentively watching this game as I LOVE the idea. Ever since I started gaming I drempt of this game. To the developers I hope you guys keep with the development of this game, you guys are definetly on too something here! Also as the Lead developer stated in the comments he has gained faith with all those that have bought this game for the generous fee of 40 dollars, this is reassuring and I am glad he stated that.All in all I am excited to see where this goes and ill be happily playing every update while updating this review.There is nothing ""butthurt"" about my review I am just warning people what I have seen and observed. When someone makes a game you dont critique the game you critique them in a way. That is THEIR hard work and artwork. I like to review the developers of games because you can really see their motives and if they have a true passion for the game because when it comes down to it its not about the money when your making a game (it does help dont get me wrong) but you have to be intrested in the game also it is just like studying in college for your major. If you dont like the subject you dont want to study.I hope you guys understand I am not ""butthurt"" about the game or the developers. I am excited for the game but in its current state it is a bit scary for ""investors"" to slap down 40 dollars for a game that may not live up to 40 dollars that is all.All in all again I am excited to see where this game goes and I wish everyone the best.-Tanker"
76561197996356932,Not Recommended,290080,12655185,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Skankhunt42,"Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ hopefully game will not stay♥♥♥♥♥♥ but I doubt it.1.) Devs ignore exploits to greif you and spend 3 weeks trying to stop the game crashing, only to make it crash harder.2.) Devs ask you to report bugs, only to close the bug report and delete it if you point out an exploit greifers use.3.) Game only recently got SOUND for people with 7.14.) Cannot make any real progress without at least 6 people (one for each role on standard skill cap, requires 9 to be optimal)5.) Game boasts realism but sticks in ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fictional mechanics and items to slow progress.  (i.e. Flux)6.) Graphics are nice for 2008/97.) No way to currently protect your stuff from greifers, weeks of work can be undone in minutes.8.) Learn to farm so you can learn to hunt.. unintuitive and quite backwards when compared to the ""real world"" the Devs claim they wish to emulate.9.) No Stable servers, All servers are being run by (in the AU reigon) 3rd party nobodies meaning no gaurantee of QoS or even the continued existance of the server.10.) $40"
76561198036661646,Not Recommended,290080,28672233,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Astral,"In one sentence: After three years this game is a spectacular monument to failure.Played this game from the time it was first released as an early access game on steam up to the current date. Over this period I experienced first hand how it was evolving and where it was going. Played on public servers as well as on my own server. At times it replaced my real life which is sad to be honest.I really liked this game because it had lot of potential. However it seems that after every update it became worse and worse. I was hoping the devs would first adress the issues of the game in order for every asset to be functional. I was reporting bugs, errors, malfunction and hoped that with the next update it would be fixed. But no. It never happened. Instead each update brought assets to the Cluster♥♥♥♥ and with that came more issues.I am not going to adress each bug here because there are many and the devs know about it. It's bad sounds worse and the physics are a joke.I do not recommend it.EDITI figured there should be some more explanation why i do not recommend this game. The thing some of you have in mind are the so called pros and cons. There are many pros but they work against themselves so in the end the pros become cons.How?Graphichs: With the new models and textures + effects the game looks really good. There is a skill in the game called Herbalism where you gather herbs for making preparations like antidotes for snake bites or flux for making of mortar and steel. However the grass meshes are taller than the herbs. You need to turn the grass off in order to gather herbs. So why have good looking grass if it's not functional?The trees in the early access stage of the game were thinner than the ones that came with an update at games release. What they didnt change was the activation box which remained small. So now instead of just walking up to a tree and selecting it you need to find a spot where you can actually access the activation box to be able to select it.Mechanics: Starting from horses beeing stuck, wildlife able to walk through trees, fighting system wich ends up to be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥because the hitboxes are a mess and you cant hit anyone if you arent aiming for the nuts. On the other side you have animal husbandry where you can tame few animals and domesticate them. Once you place them in barns or stables these become just listings. In the index you can see the age and quality of an animal but its just a list, the are no actual animals (meshes+textures+animations) in these stables. So why build a freaking stable? It could as well been a rock called ""the stable/barn"", you can activate it put the animals inside, feed em, clear the dung, slaughter and so on....I mean...if i need to build a massive stable I want to see the animals in the freaking stable.The Content: There are lots of things you can do. Crafting is one of them. From primitive tools basic object to more advanced ones. Every item has its quality. The better the quality of resources used and the higher your crafting skill the better the results you get - which translates into better quality tools and objects and longer durability of tools. Let's say you get into forestry like i did...increase your skill to 100 (and it takes forever to do so depending on server settins), get some sprouts and plant them. Now you have your own forest with trees of the quality 100. Usefull for carpentry making handles, boards, coal...then the devs decide to release a patch with the new tree growth algorithm they been working on for some time. What that actualiy did is lowered the quality of everyones trees from 100 to 10. Now if the game were still in it's early acces stage it would be ok because we had an agreement and everything can occur. But the game is officialy released yet it feels like we are still testing it. I dont know if the devs realize this; we spend weeks working on something which they render obsolete. We lost so much, words can't express it all.For solo players: The grind is really the only thing there is. There's no danger and no purpose really to play. As much as you might love crafting, it's going to take you absurd amount of time, hundreds and hundreds of hours to build anything. But with no danger present in the world, there's no purpose to build other than aesthetics.For groups of players: Can be fun with friends on teamspeak, but you dont need to play this game in order to have great time conversing with your friends... You could as well have a good time if you go out with your friends or just talk via teamspeak and do nothing else. At least you will avoid the disapointment in the game which needs to be constantly played, otherwise everything you have built will decay in a matter of days. Life is feudal either becomes your life, or you just should not even try to play. Then one day you will lose your patience like many of us did.These are few things i mentioned. It is difficult to go into minor details wich will cost you greatly in the long run and hope someone who didnt play the game can comprehend. I would have to explain more which becomes complex and leave you more confuzed than you were prior to reading this review.In the age of information, ignorance is a choice. Inform yoursel (read reviews, watch some gameplay videos), dont buy early access games, don't preorder games. Give your money to the developers that actualy deserve it, developers who can deliver. And there are so many good games these days worth your time and money. All gamers want is to have a good time so choose wisely  my fellow gamers.Cheers!"
76561198028265740,Not Recommended,290080,23862272,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Aphire,"Devs failed to fullfill any promises during development. Instead of using early access funds for this game they used it as a test grounds for their MMO. On top of that they are now branching out again and are claiming to be publishers of a Life if Feudal franchise. There isn't 1 complete game yet but they have 3 in the franchise? This is a scam.I'm sad to say that I've played this game from conception to ""completion."" Waste of time and extreamly disapointing. Do not pay for this unfinished beta piece of junk.At first it was a great concept and I looked forward to development. Development was slow, spotty, and buggy. Then they got bored with it and released it as a full version game so they could move on to their MMO project. THIS IS NOT A COMPLETE GAME. Many systems, items, and recipies aren't even implemented from beta. Nothing is optimized and no matter how beastly your rig is the game will lag, crash, and glitch. Speaking of glitches there are a tons of them and most require a GM or server reset to fix. Want to craft something? Too bad your crafting station is bugged and you have to wait until the server resets.The combat system is clunky, unrealistic and unfinished. The hit boxes don't fit the character modles and you can littereally beat most people by looking at the ground, spining in circles and swinging at their groin. You can charge someone and drive a spear clean through thier character and not have a hit register for any amount of damage. Why? b/c you didn't aim at their nuts.In short this isn't a game its a cheap concept and ball buster simulator."
76561198035501765,Recommended,290080,13586931,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,bojevnik,Warning!!! Do not buy this game!!! If you buy it you won't be able to stop playing. Its a curse!!!
,Recommended,290080,12184242,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Iskar,"Life is FeudalSome would call it ""Hitting the grass simulator 2014"", u need to play it to understand.This game is one of those you look at and think, ""i could really see myself loving this game, in a year""As it is ALPHA dont buy if you want a perfect game, can't stress that enough.Do you like building ?Do you want to create a town from scratch with mates ?Do you want to live in a castle ?Do you want to fight moose on the beach ?Do you want to hit the grass ?Do you like level progression games ?Then LiF is for youAnd the community so far is a group of helping lads, great fun to play even in Alpha !"
76561198039816947,Recommended,290080,17677235,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Dragonstar,"I do not do reviews on games.... But this one I owe a review to.First off, most of all the negative reviews are from players that have not put in the time that is required to enjoy this game. It's really sad that a lot of the negative reviews have given this game a Mixed review status. I have seen one review 0.4 hours invested and they said the controls are broken....So before you start playing this game, please go to youtube and search for LiF Basics 101. You will learn A LOT of invaluable information. There is a learning curve to this game and you really never stop learning simply because there are a TON of details about what's going on that you will discover. This will make you more valuable to the community of players which is I believe what this game is about. Playing with others!With that out of the way, this game is amazing. They have come along way since the beginning. The graphics are fantastic. (When you start the game is automatically on low settings you need to adjust it!) Sure, just like every single game out there, room for improvement, is a valid complaint. But in the end, this is one of the best sandbox games out right now.Hard work pays off in this game. It will take some time to gather, build, level your way to what you envision. The reward is great once your done. Do not come into this game thinking that you can just gather a ton of stuff and instantly build stuff. It will not happen. (Unless you take the time to find a server that has high leveling etc.) You most likely WILL need help to do things. It is the way this game is supposed to be played, get it in your head. Sure you could play solo.... But it's going to be a long road.TLDR:Gritty, grindy, sandbox that will have you showing off what you build and accomplish to your community and friends. Excellent graphics, skill system, crafting and just plain fun if you put in the time. Highly recommended if you like the huge reward behind the grind!"
76561198079201368,Recommended,290080,14000529,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,The Real Amon,"After 400 hours of playtime, I think i can inform others about the game. First of it all: It's still an alpha, but the most developed one I've ever played. Combine Minecraft with War of the Roses, and you got your game. The game is, although some mechanics are highly repetetive, very addicting. It's not a game for a few hours a month and without the necessary endurance you will give up soon. If you like crafting, fighting and role-playing with other human beings, then get it and check it out. Otherwise: Don't.On the positive side you got very good graphics, a great variety of armor and weapons you can choose from and a crafting system that highly supports team gaming. You got a lot of different building, the map is large enough for 64 players and every 2-3 weeks comes an update. The sound is ok, as long as you don't put tanning tubs aside your house..The skill system is fair and interesting, because on most servers you can only skill 1-2 skilltrees to the max, and it is possible to deskill every time. It is like in Skyrim: With doing certain things, you get better at doing so and with rising skill level there are some other options you unlock. The fighting system is a bit sloppy, but also very detailed. For example: The damage you get from an opponent is the result of the weapon you use, the skill of your weapon, the armorskill of your enemy, the location of the hitbox where you hit and if your enemy is defending with a shield or not. Conclusion: Good mechanics, very high potential overall.On the bad side you have no game-goals, quests or whatever. Your experience with the game will highly depend on the server you play on, considering if your serveradmins are fair or not and how other players fashion their role on the server. The first time, of course, you will be motivated by building your town with others and learn how to work, but after your village or castle is built, you have no other option then to fight and roleplay.Considering this, there are also some broken mechanics that must be fixed soon: Since every digged tunnel on the server delays the login time of the players, it is impossible to run a 64 player server over a long time without getting a slow server. Some players on my server have login times beyond 6 or 7 minutes, and when you come to that point it will be extremly hard to get new players to join your server. Others may quit due to this and.. you get the idea, over a longer time your server will get more and more abandoned. There are some fixes to this, but nothing official is implemented yet, a server wipe is in most cases the only solution to get a fresh and playable server.Another problem is the erasing of buildings: Once built, you cannot deconstruct anything without admin help. This is also highly annoying, because you have to plan really good before building your own town.So, my conclusion: Don't start this game alone, pick one or two of your friends, start an own server to test things until you feel ready to play on a bigger server. Try to get to a server with active and friendly admins. You may wait until the tunnel-digging is fixed, but if you like crafting & boxing bears, then give it a try."
76561198045605257,Not Recommended,290080,16194283,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Gabz,"Lots of potential and i mean A LOT of potential. For now it's all it is though. I just wish there was a middle thumb for ""Buy at your own risk."" But there isn't. For now I wouldn't recommend it it's still in early access and even if it's supposed to come out this year... I doubt it. there's really too much work to be done in optimization and content.Depending on the server you choose, you will be able to top your level in either a day or a month. Same goes for construction, some servers make it easy and fast, on other you will definetly feel the grind. Personally, i prefer the later it makes it more realistic, you're actually gonna need workers to build a basic town. Combat is... Well hard to explain. Skill based ? Compared to other similar titles it fairs pretty well but you're probably just gonna get an arrow between your eyes before you even know you're in a fight. Crafting is mediocre just grind grind grind and manage your stuff in a very messy inventory. Stuff just goes everywhere in there, if you're gathering for a while you open your inventory and it looks like someone took your bag and just smashed it against a couple of rocks before giving it back.So... If you're looking for a medieval fighting melee arena look elsewhere because this game is SLOW and the fighting is a really small part unless you're a thief (And usually you have a lot of rules to follow or else you will get kicked from the server) If you're looking for an historical medieval life simulator... With all the work and hardships, you're probably at the right place. I wouldn't recommend to buy it for now. I know devs need money to develop the game but at this state it's not worth 1/2 the asking price..."
,Not Recommended,290080,29701637,Posted: 4 February,all,Artilies,"I absolutley love this game but I can not recommend it.Life is Feudal is a hardcore sandbox game where you can terraform the landscape, build awesome villages, craft to your hearts content, and pvp with other players.I have many reasons why I can not recommend this game. Number one reason is if you have any life outside of gaming whatsoever you will eventually find out that you cannot keep up with the game unless you have a giant group of players who cordinate times etc. I was thankfully in a awesome group of almost 30 people and we were able to complete a full castle village. It took every single one of us 3 weeks and 8-10 hours a day some more for a combined low estimate of 4,536 hours just to complete to castle walls ( a week later the server was crippled by a bug a thus needed wiped), You have to have multiple people farming to see any decent kind of harvest, every building is pre fab, animals have some of the worst coding, you will find yourself standing over a pig with a axe hitting it 50 times just to down it, horse riding is badly coded, terraforming which is the best in any game I have played is the most tedious non fun thing you can possible imagine doing, if you could put you dirt into piles like Wurm it would still be tedious but a thousand times better. The devs are money greedy and have been scheming ways to make money in there beta which was originally promised to backers and early buyers, I would rather have polished content, optimization, and more stuff to craft than better lighting, grass graphics and such. Pvp encounters are lacking whether your winning or losing. My group had one pvp encounter that was fun, it was pre planned and before they added land claims both teams were back and forth seiging each others fortifications. Singleplayer blows and is basically non existant.I heard something about instanced battles and I have to say I feel that is a terrbile idea, put in instanced pvp and you cripple open world pvp.I believe this game can come on top though if good changes are made though I am highly doubtful this will happen.Even though I am not recommending this game I will probably put another 500hrs, it is addictive and I love sandbox games."
76561197994796022,Recommended,290080,16316335,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Brother,"Edit 3: 1100 hours.  GM a server now.  Where'd my life go?  Can't wait for the MMO.Edit2: 700 hours in.  Woah.Edit: 300+ hours in.  Still great.I'm writing this review because some negative reviews led to me almost not buying it.  I am sincerely glad that I did.  This is the game that I've always wanted.Let me tell you about my first night on LiF.  I logged into an RP server and was almost  instantly greeted by experienced players who were not only willing to help me with every question that I had - but also fillled me in on all the political happenings that were revelant to that evening.  the community, if nothing else, makes this game worth playing.Before I knew it, they outfitted me with a basic sling and some sling ammo and I was marching off to battle.  We arrived through the woods to a small fort in the north which seemed relatively empty - I was disappointed at first: This was it?  Little did we know that the enemy was crouching behind their walls equipped with heavy plated armor and bowmen galore.  After about 20 minutes, two concussions, an arrow through the chest, and general astoundment that I was still alive - I heard that the enemy king was knocked unconscious and his nobles lay dead around him.  Opposed to killing the enemy king, our king inisisted that we let him regain consciousness so he could role play his reaction to the embarassing defeat.While waiting patiently around him, celebrating our clear victory, we were ambushed by almost a dozen of the fallen king's allies from the west.  They streamed in behind us and we fled with our tails behind our legs.  By the time we hobbled back home, bloodied and broken, we had only lost one ally - a clear victory if you ask me!Since then, peace has been negotiated and I've decided to make a pacifist character. - dedicating  my time to building a religious school on top of a mountain.  That's the best part of this game, you can literally do whatever you want.  Want to be a cook? Someone needs you in their guild.  Want to be a warrior? Someone wants you for their realm.  Want to dedicate your time to stacking wood, mining deep into a mountain, watching wheat grow? Well, you're probably going to have to do it anyway.Admittedly, I've only been playing LiF for 15 hours (and that is not much for this game!) but i felt like it was my duty to defend it at least a little bit.Yes this game is still in development, yes there are many features that haven't been implemented yet.  But I promise you that if you connect with the right people in-game then its not something you will regret contributing to.  There's a steep learning curve but once you get a hang of it everythings really intuitive and well thought out.  I can't wait for final release."
76561198009419350,Not Recommended,290080,34761360,Posted: 5 September,all,Owayn,Dont buy unless you are happy paying for a beta to fund a future MMO - Various gamebreaking issues that havent been fixed for 2 years such as durability. Terraforming is very good and 90% of the game is a little toó easy.E.G - Build a furnace to start melting ore.. Within a few minutes the furnace is broken from being used and low durability. Items to repair durabillity is not available until much further in progression tree. As a new player you practically have to craft a new building for each item you make. THis appears to be a known issue intentionally left in to slow progress for years.Unusual game with a nice mix but not worth paying for as the development focus is on an MMO and this is more of a beta that is being used to fund the MMO.
76561198056645320,Recommended,290080,14296889,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Andurula,"I did not have the option of clicking the ""Maybe"" option.  A very interesting game but...Keeping in mind that it is just a pre Alpha and very buggy I will limit my comments to gameplay and not stability and such.The world is detailed and beautiful.  The crafting system is deep and satisfying.  As many others have said it can be a bit grindy but not in a bad way.  I felt a real sense of accomplishment when I built my first shack and began setting up my first base of operations.Just as I felt I was getting somewhere a 12 year old punk ran up to me, called my mother a bad name and smacked me with a shovel knocking me out and taking all of my hard won stuff.I tried three different servers over a few weeks and the results were the same.  Just when you feel you are getting somewhere some  rag wearing peasants show up, kill you for sport and take all your stuff, over and over.  Currently, there is no way to protect yourself from being completed looted until you can build a warehouse which takes a significant amount of skill accumulation and materials.  If you don't log in to the server for a few days even those locked items can be freely looted by anyone.The mantra is ""Life is Feudal it is supposed to be tough."" Well, feudal life was not full of phsycopathic 12 year olds that kill and loot you for sport with no repercussions.  At the moment the 'penalties' for kiling players are largely ineffective and once you acquire something worth having you can expect to be killed/robbed every few hours of gameplay.If you can get on a server when it first starts you will have a huge technology advantage over anyone that comes later and if you can make friends and work together you will be alright.  If you are a latecomer then God help you.  You will be farmed over and over.  The player turnover on every server I have played is very high and the servers quickly become full of empty shacks and half built structures.  No wonder most the servers are dead or go through frequent wipes.I really want to love this game.  There is a ton going for it  but the constant ganking/zerging/ glitching (its in alpha, lots of glitches) make the game very frustrating.    I give the game a  MAYBE because it could be great but it is not at the moment.  And $40 to play test an unfinished game is more than a little too pricey."
76561198097488676,Recommended,290080,13483747,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Rippleberry,"Day 1 - Trying to find water in the wilderness - realise I do not need water to survive. Stole a trade cart, filled it with my primative wooden tools.Day 2 - digging, digging, digging.I may stay a caveman for quite some time, on the plus side I found a potato."
,Recommended,290080,13664933,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,The Nature Boy,Looked down and saw my feet.10/10
,Not Recommended,290080,12531449,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Rathendir,"While this game has tremendous potential, it is nowhere ready to play.  This is not pre-alpha software, this is in the developer unit testing stage.   In a few months of hard development I think this game could be something pretty awesome but at this stage I wouldn't recommend spending your money to assist the deveopers testing their code.The user interface is clunky at best, the game is completely unforgiving but also gives no assistance to the player, the crafting lines, although intricate, make no sense and EVERYTHING takes way too long.   I continually get a deadlock error that crashes the game and then when I trie to restart it tells me to wait for the game to close.  It takes 5 minutes for the game to close so I can go back in and find I lost my last few actions.Myself, I can't sit and play a game that tries to mask frustration as entertainment.  For example, wolves that are nearly unkillable to a brand new player, but spawn in your chosen settlement area, When you die you loose everything plus stats and skills.  To top that off you spawn in one of several points around the island and you have to start all over again, trying to make it back to your grave.  When you arrive there you are killed again by the same wolf.I don't necessarily disagree with the concept of requiring multiple player/crafters to progress.  But to be able to make a steel sickle to harvest (yes i know you can use a flint one) you must have a prospector/miner/smelter/forger of appropriate level.  But you also need to have flux to make steel and to make flux you have to have an alchemist.  But for the alchemist to have a better chance of finding herbs they have to have ... you guessed it ... a steel sickle.Frustrations like this make the game feel like the developers making it are figuring things out as they go.   I don't believe it is unreasonable to expect a developer to have figured out how to fill in a tunnel while they were figuring out how to dig one.I don't recommend this game at this point, however, in 6 to 9 months it might be playable."
76561198020970508,Recommended,290080,29431785,Posted: 22 January,all,Hammer2003,"If you've played age of empires, and watched your little villagers carry the logs back and forth to your supply pile....you may understand this.  You are that villager carrying logs to your supply pile."
,Recommended,290080,19975025,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Monxer,"Now let me get one thing straight, this game is not for everyone.  This game is one of the very few honest to god hardcore games I have ever played (You can attribute this to a lot of the negative reviews).  Playing solo is possible on modded servers, but if you want the REAL LiF experience by playing on vanilla, you WILL need a group of people.  This is boderline non-negotionable, this is where a lot of new players make a mistake and thus ruin the experience for themselves.Now to get on to actually reviewing it...Let me start off by critiquing it.  The game does have some honest issues.  Animations are stiff and unnatural (Which normally wouldn't be a huge issue, but this effects combat so I have to point it out), game does have some performance issues, and can be VERY tedius.But onto why I recommend the game, even though the game has it's own set of problems and isn't exactly perfect I still have to give this game a big thumbs up on it's core design philosophy.  If you enjoy a game that punishes you, a game that is unforgiving, but pays out when you work your♥♥♥♥♥off to achieve something....This game feeds this desire better than no other in my experience.  End game isn't achieved with ease.  It takes the combined efforts of you and your group working hard to achieve your goals, which gives you a sense of satisfaction I have never felt in a game before.So in conclusion, if you are the type of player who can't and won't dedicate all their free time to a game, a player who wants things handed to them on a silver platter, or a player who just might not have the time in their lives to play this game.....Please don't buy this game, the game wasn't made for you to begin with.  But if you are like me, someone who enjoys the feeling of putting in hours of work and grinding into a game to accomplish things other players don't have the stomach for, this game is meant for you."
,Recommended,290080,15857553,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,ZovaZey,"It is very interesting, and if you're dedicated and have the patience for this game, then it's for you. It's a nice medieval game full of crafting and adventuring, although, here's where you'll have to be patient: You could work on getting all of your stuff built and grown for 100 hours and some random people could come over, do something stupid, and then all of a sudden BAM. You're back at hour 1 again. The server could restart too, and BAM. You're literally at hour 1 again. You can't just spend 30 minutes to build stones walls and gates around your little village, no no... It can take about 10 hours to finish of none stop gathering. Oh and is there a little clift that you need to expand to get more land? No problem, as long as you got a couple of weeks of nonstop playing, then you'll get about a couple feet of land out of it for sure! And then there's the fact that you'll most likely be told that the server will restart in a month or so right after you're done. So if you got a lot of time on your hands and you have the patience to start all over again, even if you spent 300 hours on it, then here's a game for you!(sorry, I tried to write it positive, but I wrote this right after a rage quit so.. All I'm saying is that you should maybe wait until the game's finished so there aren't as many server restarts. It's actually a pretty fun game, though.)"
,Recommended,290080,12211891,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Shadow,"I don't know where to start with this review, but. Life is Feudal is a big open-world medieval sandbox game, i liked it as soon as i saw it, had my doubts about it but so far it is just as great as i expected it to be.You WILL feel its an Alpha game, that is unavoidable of course, but for an Early Alpha it's really awesome.It might be known as crash-simulator 2014, but after some tries with sick taming skills you will most likely get it working.The game is positively builded up in a way which makes co-operation important, which is realistic considering most games like these are filled up with players who kill on sight. It features a high range of skills which mainly makes you focus on some hand-picked individual ones.Overall some amazing work done by the devs, can't wait for this to get fully developed."
,Recommended,290080,12181027,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Doppelganger,"Stole a sword and chased down players for two hours screaming that i am the law of the island and kept receving tributes from people , trapped a entire mining crew by blocking up their only route of enterence , murdered a moose with a flint knife  (10/10)(Serious)You start off basically out in the middle of no where with only with the clothes you have in your backpackyou start ripping branches off trees and plant-fibers out of the ground and scoop handful of flint to craft primative items to let you lead to a productive lifeCo-op is a prefered but if you want to loner it your going to have to work around with being very limited and such. make sure you have a trust worthy group and dont leave your stuff laying around because the next person can just go ahead and grab it loose stuff.For alpha its pretty good excluding the buddy crashes but hey whats not to lovebasically imagine if they rolled WURM , ULTIMA , Mount and blade , runescape and other stuff together and made a baby"
,Recommended,290080,13732123,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Dilly Dingus,I've always wanted to roleplay as a diseased peasant just trying to live to see another day.
,Recommended,290080,13709722,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Regular Sized Rudy,"Experience the thrilling life as a medieval peasant, with wonders such as-1. Trying to survive off the land by attacking the dirt, tickling trees, and fondling rocks2. Running from nobles and raiders that wish to see everything you own (how little it may be) burnt to the ground3. Getting caught by said nobles/raiders and getting brutally beat to death4. Respawn with nothing but longjohns and get killed by a pack of angry wolvesAnd much, much more..."
76561198058479837,Recommended,290080,16894939,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,{Ѧ}GameOpinions,"First of all I would like to state that in comparing the reviews you should look at how many hours the player has spent. You will notice that most of the negative reviews have less than 100 hours in game. Many of which hardly spent more than 10 hours. A lot of the sudden negativity came since the game when on sale and all the kids bought it.I am not going to lie, to truly unlock the fun in this game you will need to be dedicated. This isn't a game that you play a few hours and be done with it. You also need to make friends or have friends play with you, as this game was not designed to be played solo.Make sure that if you intend to purchase this game that you have a decent computer. It is graphic and so it takes a lot of power.The devs have been very active in releasing updates at least once a month. Sometimes with a minor patch in between because of some new bugs that suddenly appeared. In each update, they keep releasing new features.As to the price of early access. To be honest I have seen a lot of early access games that aren't nearly as playable at this game. In fact I would dare to call this game LATE ALPHA as it has a lot of features already implemented and the devs do a pretty good job at testing before releasing so running into game breaking bugs is rare. I did purchase this game when it was on sale, however now knowing what I know and having played it a lot. I wouldnn't have mind paying $40 for this game.AS I STATED BEFORE. This game isn't for everyone. If you plan to play solo? Don't get it. If you don't plan to be dedicated? Don't get it. If you don't like Medieval time settings? Don't get it.ELSE, GET IT."
76561198004916879,Recommended,290080,17887291,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Aziz,"First things first. The game has a very steep learning curve. Much of it does not make sense at the outset. It is not intuitive and you will not enjoy the time you lose learning hard lessons - for example, that you need to figure out how to make a primitive hammer in order to make a blacksmiths hammer to make other things - oh, and that same hammer is sitting next to the forge thingee but that's just stickering, you can't use it.. Oh - and you can't even use the forge until you learn how to mine, etc.Looking at the negative reviews, it looks like most of those people did not get past this point. If you want fun and whimsical out of the box then stop reading now. If you're looking for something gritty and unique, keep reading.Once you are past the learning curve and get confident with the interface, it really opens up. There's no AI enemies. Just people. People will be friend or foe based on how you treat them and how you respond to their treatment. People will lie and cheat, People will steal from you and take your hard work. People will break or ignore the rules to shortcut themselves at others expense. People will bully you and exploit weakness.People will also believe in you. You will meet people. You will trust them and in turn they will trust you. You will build bonds and with those bonds grind out amazing things that you never thought possible. You will be there for them and they will be there for you.You will get addicted. You will find yourself staying up way too late or getting up way to early to care for what you've made in some foolish video game you almost didn't figure out.You will be afraid. Someone you do not know will suddenly approach you and your heart will race as you struggle to figure out what to do. Those that make is this far are all experts - skill counts for little advantage and all that will matter is how you've treated friend and foe.It's just like life; it's what you make it. Game on.-= Update 1.1.2017 =-I've noticed a lot of people spouting misinformation about the MMO version (for example, you have to buy it again) or complaining about how things have changed or that it was so much better before. It's unfortunate that people don't take the time to understand early access - that there will be bugs, that there will be changes.. I also understand that, to run hundreds of servers it takes money to launch, and three years in that can be hard to come by. I believe the team is very much trying to do right by the game still.As for the MMO - Well. I've played it - and it's awesome. Everything is harder. The terrain, the animals, the skill tree.. Finally a game where we don't all just get a trophy for showing up."
76561198218107961,Not Recommended,290080,29249971,Posted: 14 January,all,Erebor,"I love this game and became very addicted to it for awhile......BUT, I eventually pulled away and have stopped playing it altogether now. The primary reason is that once you become established, you have to micro manage the game so much, that it almost becomes your life. Crops always have to be checked, animals always have to be fed, stables and barns always have to be cleaned, monument has to be maintained, etc. I played with a couple other people in one settlement, each with 2 characters to help spread the workload out, and we still had to mirco manage everything. I was inevitably waking up in the morning to check my crops before going to work! In all, I recommend this game to anyone without a life in general."
76561198015569759,Recommended,290080,19736492,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,DeadPixel,"My experience so far, I spawn in a German server and immediatly get captured and put in a labour camp. Spent whole game shoveling dirt.10/10 would shovel dirt again."
76561198115448377,Not Recommended,290080,25828876,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Lila.Asher,"Folks have heard me off and on about this game. Great graphics, bad behavior from the devs. Simply put, they don't listen. They don't care. They censor everything you do. They would remove all these negative reviews if they could. It's that bad. And if you even mention another game, as a reference, they threaton to ban you from their forums.This is NOT good behaviour from devs. They should listen to the players. But no, they would rather harrass the players which is why this game has such bad reviews. I used to promote this game on youtube, no more will that happen. I removed them all.The YOUR OWN version is the devs way of saying ""Hey, buy this and you can play our real finished online only version, but with a fee of course"". Bottom line, the players are getting screwed.The only reason I bought this game was NOT the MMO. I wanted the YO version only. But here is one of several problems the devs won't address...  Static Map. No dynamic anything. Once you learn where all the resources are, that's it, the game is boring. The random map generation. Nothing. It's the same map for everyone, with same resources in same places every time. We the players, have been asking the devs to fix this. They won't listen. So I can't recommend this game. It's a ""We only care about your money"" situation with these developers."
76561198000431590,Not Recommended,290080,12484754,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Argent,This game has potential and is a Wurm clone albeit with better graphics and less functionality.  Most people haven't experienced Wurm but if this game takes off the gaming industry will have something serious to learn.Unfortunately it's very expensive and it has serious issues typical of so called alphas preventing you from playing long enough to experience very much of what it presumably has coded.  So for now it's not a recommend.
,Recommended,290080,17018991,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Slimbizza,"First, I would like to say that you will either love or hate this game, and you will know it within the first few hours of playing. I dont see anybody that just sort of plays this game here and there for fun. This game simply does not work that way. However, I will dissagree with other reviews in regards to playing alone. I play alone, and have my own little medieval farm tucked away surrounded by forest. It took me many many hours to get to that point, and the server does not skill cap anything, so people can level up as much as they want. Those types of servers, one can go solo and thrive.With that little background, the game is for the most part realistic. Almost everything in this game is time consuming, and Im not going to lie... perhaps a little too time consuming. I have a small hut, back yard garden with wattle fence surrounding it, and that literally took me three days to build. However, during the time of construction, I had to stop and go looking for food because the last thing you want to do in this game is die.So what is the goal of this game? What ever you want it to be. My goal was to simulate a nice little medieval farm, tend to it, improve it... etc. I am very pround of what I have built, and this game has some lasting rewards. Some may strive for control, the amount of weapons and possibilites in this game is ridiculously huge thus allowing them to control by force is neccessary. However, you will not really find players like Reign of Kings, just running around killing people. You dont do that in this game because their is just too much to lose, too much progress, and too much hard work being put in by people. With that being said, the community is awesome, very mature, and helpful.Buy this game if you......1. Want realistic medival simulator2. Are a dedicated player3. Willing to actually learn the game, because the learning curve is huge!Do not buy this game if you...1. Are a casual PC gamer2. Think progress in Rust, or Reign of Kings is too slow3.  Cant deal with a little bit of bugs, not game breaking... but complete lack of understanding for early access games."
76561198233821552,Not Recommended,290080,34876489,Posted: 10 September,all,Internet Islamophobia Moderator,"I was convinced to buy this game by a friend, and I knew what I was getting into based on the gameplay explanation alone.  I knew it would be a grind, and even during the grind and thinking ""Life is too short for a game about digging dirt"", I knew that I was building something with my friend, something unique to all other settlements - even in minor ways.  THEN THE SERVER WIPE!  Most servers that had acceptable ping and enough players for a good time had server wipes every 6 months or so, which wipe all player-built settlements and progress from the server, and you start all over.Part of the advertised gameplay is that you can lose ALL your stuff by enemy players, or even an ally betraying you.  This is worse than that.  You might need more than 6 months - balancing all the other responsibilities you have IRL - to build a settlement with stone walls, with just two players.  But even if you have a team of 20 players working on an eventual-castle, you got no choice but to deal with the server wipe.Life is More Precious: Than This Game."
,Recommended,290080,24788725,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Legend Death,"Lets get this game back on track....Reduce terraforming speed drasticaly (By 80%)Make the progression overall quite a bit faster, afterall this is Your Own.Keep in mind devs, you really need to find the right balance of work vs reward, right now it is so over the limit of work ther eis no real reward because most people can not handle that much work.I built a lot in this game, and seen a lot. Please consider carefully weather or not you want to have a community ever again, listen to the players, they are who the game is for right?"
76561198006738329,Not Recommended,290080,25435215,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,NorseKorean,"After 224 hours of playing this game, running a server, and checking up on it from time to time, I can honestly say that I do not recommend this game. While it is unique in that it has a medieval theme amongst a sea of zombie survival shooters, it is executed poorly.Essentially, this will more than likely never be a finished, final product. Rather this is a testing/launch base for a F2P MMO with microtransactions. As the months have gone on, it's become far more evident that they are abandoning the ""Your Own"" model in favor for yet another subpar MMO.The loss of potential for this game saddens me, because what is actually here is pretty good, the crafting is deep, the combat unique (Buggy and clunky, but fun nonetheless.), decent looking character creation with the option of either gender, this COULD have been amazing, had they set their sights on completing this project before moving onto their MMO.If you're not a fan of PVP, then really, I hope you like crafting shovels and digging, or hunting terrible animal AI over and over again. In the beginning they had promised some sort of primitive mob for you to fight, or some kind of NPC enemies, but they seem to have decided to not break off from that, to once again, save it for the upcoming MMO.Now, please understand that I am not saying that the MMO is going to be bad or terrible, I cannot judge the MMO as I have not, nor have I any interest in playing it, this is my review of the LiF: YO experience, one that I am disappointed in.Also, don't judge this game based on the epic trailer narrated by Sean Bean...there are no monsters to fight."
76561198180631541,Recommended,290080,31192368,Posted: 16 April,all,KastioZ,"At the time of this writing I have spent over 2500hrs in game.  That is over 100 days of game time.  What have I to say about my first 100 days?You will grind.  You will become the grindiest grinder ever.  If you stick with it.If you like games that will keep you coming back to finish what you started then LiF:YO is the game for you.  If you have the attention span of a tea spoon?  Maybe not so much.Finding an active server with an active admin is a big help in LiF.  Finding a server that suits your play style is very important too.  If you want PvP, there are servers for that.  PVE?  Yep, there's servers for that too.  I play PVE because I like to build and have alot of Netflix to watch but LiF offers many opportunities for many different play styles and schedules.Overall, like any game, there are frustrating aspects.  Mostly tea spoons crapping up the landscape with fences and furnaces that can't be removed easily.  Horse drawn carts are still not a thing and terraforming will suck the soul from your breathing corpse.  There are also some real positive aspects.  Community, a sense of accomplishment, different types of game play to suit your needs, a very deep skill tree and the feeling you get when you finally figure out how to do something and get to pass that knowledge on to someone else because you've been there and done that.Oh yeah, the wiki is so out of date it still predicts Hillary will win.  Should probably work on that."
76561198064482115,Not Recommended,290080,12471743,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Raze.,"this is my first review, theres are things about this game i hate and things i love, first off ill say that the price for these alpha game's are 100% CRAZY!! i am realy sad i payed $50 for this game, if i had played the game before i payed, i would not of payed. this game has REALY LONG load times, some times 10mins long. then when the game loads some times it will crash and not only when the game load, you will be running around doing your own thing, when all of a sudden it stops working. i played for about 3-4 hour's lastnight, i crashed about 6 times and fell under the map twice. the server browers buggy as ♥♥♥♥. i love the concept and the detail of the game, but paying the high price for a very unfinished game. for that im not recommending this game due to money hungry dev's. they want us to pay through our♥♥♥♥♥♥s then they want US to help them make it. but i do have high hopes for this game down the line at some point.I HOPE WE DONT HAVE TO PAY FOR MMO VERSION!"
,Recommended,290080,19112510,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Farooq Khan,"Bought game, joined server, a group of men rode up to me on horses and beat me to death with shovels. I then started my own guild, trained them up, recruited up the whazoo, and killed every member of the men who beat me to death, using nothing but my men, and afew sickles. Life is good.10/10Would play again."
76561198115832043,Not Recommended,290080,35222946,Posted: 26 September,all,bsrlinmaz,"Released two years ago, and still many features left in unfinished state.  Built a Kiln, for example...and after using it to create approx. 250 units of Charcoal the durability of the Kiln is reduced to the level where it no longer functions.  Only option is destroy it and build another, because the 'Repair Kits' are higher level item I'm unable to create as yet.  Anything you build when your character has lower skill levels cannot be upgraded later...there is no option to increase the quality or durability of structures or crafting devices later when you have higher skills and access to higher quality resources.  Only option is to tear it down and start over.Start a Guild and there are no options to enter into Alliances with other Guilds ...Two years after release and there are still no functioning lights (lamps, wall-mounted torches, etc.) which can be placed in our homes and/or keeps.All the time and effort of Devlopers currently is focused on their new cash cow, the MMO version...they are dragging out & delaying the release of that, like a carrot on a stick, to sell as many 'Supporter Packs' as possible (purchasing a Pack gains early access to MMO)...but in the meantime issues that have been brought to their attention countless times over two years since release of LiF:YO remain unresolved & ignored.Unfortunately many of these issues do not become apparent until after one has played many hours passed the limit set by Steam to obtain a refund.  In the beginning the game seems great, what with all the terraforming, hunting, farming, etc. one may do...but once passed the newbie stage the frustrations start to appear.For $10-12 USD I'd say buy the game and enjoy what you can from it...any price higher than that is a rip-off.  Buyer beware..."
,Recommended,290080,13123268,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,theebu,"Bearing in mind this is infact an alpha (which many gamers are forgetting nowadays means there will be bugs and issues).This is a really fun and addicting crafting/survival game. It relies on teamwork to go beyond having a small hutt in a forest. You need a cook, a miner, a blacksmith, lumberjack, farmer, etc. You can't be all at once, so you actually need to be a part of a group to get anywhere. You can build everything from a tiny wooden hut, to a spawling castle with its own village inside massive stone walls.Playable? Yes. Though there are optimization issues. FPS isn't amazing unless you turn your settings way down.Enjoyable? Definitely. This is an amazing concept for a survival game. Every update adds more features to the game to make it more addicting.Total recomendation: Great for survival/crafting game lovers. Has more realism to it than most. There are many bugs and missing features, but this is also nowhere near being released, and updates come frequently enough to keep you interested."
76561198045077450,Recommended,290080,13906839,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Morghotias,"Don't buy it, this is CRACK, like the drug, you wont stop shovelling stuff.. i Mean, i am digging for the past 4 days, and i cant stop... SOMEONE SAVE ME PLEASE!!!!!!"
76561197976561887,Recommended,290080,17778144,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,✞JMullins,"Totally under rated being ""mixed"" reviews.This is probably the most balanced sandbox builder I've played to date.Your skill tree is complex without being OP as you don't just gain ridiculous typical MMO quality stats. For example, if you want to build something, you need to first begin with forestry. To get your forestry levelled up you need to inspect trees/take bark/branches from them (which you can use along with stone you gather from terraforming to make tools) and then when your forestry is high enough you unlock logging which allows you to begin on chopping down trees. This leads to carpentry which of course allows you then to begin preparing the logs properly for contructing your buildings by sawing out the necessary boards of different sizes. You or someone else is also required to have the knowledge of forging which is about the 5th skill in the mining skill set, so that you can make nails.And as for terraforming, this is no minecraft ""punch punch punch"" goodbye dirt. No siree, this requires effort and time, and a lot of trips back to the edge of your mine shaft to dump countless amounts of dirt from your inventory weighing you down onto a pile, just as you would if you were digging in real life.While it is complex and a grind, it's a fun grind that feels realistic and is actually very fun and addictive, unlike the typical sandbox builders where you just gather 200 wood for a basic shack and build it in no time at all. What makes it even better is how difficult it is to construct the needed weapons to destroy these buildings. So all in all a very balanced game thus far.As for combat, for those of you who know war of the roses/mount and blade, this is very similar, directional attacks with realistic physics (body swinging into attacks to make them do more damage) and different kinds of damage given/taken by different weapons/armor (piercing, blunt, slashing etc)This is only the testing game too, and only small occassional updates are coming through as the developers are working on the main mmo coming out next year that will feature many more things including a karma/alignment system for your actions. More info can be found at the bottom of this pagehttp://lifeisfeudal.com/LiFYO#compare"
,Not Recommended,290080,12457001,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Ancient Terror,"I want to like this game and want to recommend it, but, I can't.  There are too many design issues that get in the way of playability.  For example, I tired to fight a wolf twice.  a dialog appears and puts me in cursor mode and I die before I can clear the dialog and get back to the fighting the wolf.  In fact a  lot of actions seem to drop the player into a cursor mode which is a pain and complicates even the most menial task in the game.  And this game is full of menial tasks.  Raise and lower the ground at a snails pace.  After 10 swings of trying to dig a tunnel and seeing no tunnel I gave up.  You have to raise and lower a bunch to raise your skill to dig tunnels which allows you to finally get stone to make a simple cooking pot to cook anything.  You can't put rock, marble, or clay into a dropped items bag to clear out your inventory.  I've played for hours and can't even build a basic shelter yet.I like the premise fo the game and it has potential, but the game needs a lot of work in playability for me to continue playing.  At the moment I truely feel I just wasted $40."
76561198007090293,Recommended,290080,15048102,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Jurjen,"I've played this game enough now that I feel comfortable to put my seal of approval on it!It has a lot of potential, and I can't wait to see how it turns out as an MMO.Sure it's grindy, but at least the grind makes sense. You aren't grinding ""XP points"" or stupid tings like ""pixie medals"" to spend at vendors like in other RPG's. In fact, there are no vendors! EVERYTHING is player run and all work is done by hand. You want make 30 swords for your group of friends? Better invest in smithing related skills and buildings and go out and mine and/or barter for the metal ores. The map is 100% terraformable. Everything down to the grains of sand you walk on can be harvested and has a possible industrial use. The game is still in development, so combat is a bit wonky and it currently lacks critical things like horses and siege mechanics. But the player skirmishes and the building aspect are already a lot of fun.A few things that annoyed me:- Claims system: I won't go into detail here, but the forum is full of it. This mechanic needs a lot of work!- Terraforming: This is the least enjoyable part of the game. If you are a builder you will spend a lot of time leveling the ground. There is an observer mode, but this cannot be active during the actual digging. Also, mining leaves very ugly unrealistic ""minecraft style"" block shaped holes in the terrain and locks those cells for future terraforming. So digging tunnels is a perfect griefing tactic which permanently ruins someone's village/castle.- No NPC's other than wild animals. I wish we could let NPC's reduce some of the mindnumbing tasks like terraforming or to man the walls of your keep. What human player wants to spend their gametime playing guard on a watchtower? It would also make the villages feel a lot more alive.- Strange skill requirements: I understand the 600 skillpoint cap. Every society needs specialists if it wants to be more than a tribe of mud people. However what I don't understand is why I need to become a farmer and progress through several other professions in the same ""line"" before I can become a tailor. Especially when there are such harsh limits on the amount of skillpoints I'd like to have more precise control over how I invest them. I also don't understand why I need to train a skill to even equip a sword I looted off a corpse. Why can't I just be far less effective at using said sword  without formal training? That would make it a lot more realistic.I've already put hundreds of hours into this game, and I'm hoping to continue to add many more in the future!"
76561198328621677,Not Recommended,290080,33627034,Posted: 18 July,all,Kushman,This is an incomplete game. The sheepish developers abandoned this project to implement their more lucrative MMO. Trash humans.
76561198041433797,Recommended,290080,12237094,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Nubz_Unite,First off Let me be clear this game is buggy its glitchy your server will probably crashed every hour. theres no back button to the main menu only an exit button. Features are missing and the ones that exist are not even that fully fledged out. That being said. This game is great at what it is now. Honestly if the devs ended up fixing just the bugs and crashes and for some reason abandoned the game. I would feel as though I got my moneys worth. However there are certain things you should know before purchasing this game to make sure you do get your moneys worth.1. Have friends. This game will not be nearly as much fun alone and if you play on a multiplayer server. You need friends. Or atleast find some other players to join2. This game is Hard not like oh its a challenege I mean like you will spend an hour hitting a rock with a pickaxe trying to create a tunnel to mine from. You need to be willing to invest time and to learn the crafting system.If you can deal with these two things you should be fine. Another thing I noticed is people complaining about the combat. The hit detection is actually amazing if you miss its because you suck. That being said the swing direction registering is not nearly as good as M&B IMO
,Recommended,290080,13790508,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,humbledore,"In the forums, I was invited into a group of players playing Life is Feudal. I set up a teamspeak, joined the server, and started looking around at everything. A work in progress, but very grand! I had high hopes for myself. I aspired to one day be a knight, fighting all those who oppose our cause! Glory to Pemv!It was not to be so. Upon entering the city, I was tasked with ALL of the ♥♥♥♥♥ work.You won't find a more in depth cart pulling simulator, 10/10"
76561197967456012,Recommended,290080,19258612,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Phobos,"Short and sweet: If you like realistic sims (specifically Medieval era here, hence the name) than this is your game.  I have never enjoyed a crafting/survival game more than this particular gem, to include all of the Rust/Reign of Kings clones out there (which are fun as well in short spurts). The learning curve can be relatively steep, and the time investment required to get a fully functioning village or even a sword can be tremendous, but it's an utter blast if you don't mind the challenge.Mind you, the developers did a weird turn and released a somewhat different version of the game than what we had been testing throughout Alpha, so some repetitive glitches have been reintroduced. I'd say overall the Devs made a really poor decision by calling this a ""released"" product, and I fear that the hopes of their MMO and sales will suffer as a result. Nevertheless they're chipping away at the bugs currently, and I cannot recommend this game enough for the older generations out there that want a gritty, realistic experience.Kids should probably stay away. Not enough graphical prowess, steep skill/combat curve, and no magical doodads to fiddle with."
76561198193643683,Recommended,290080,32829362,Posted: 26 June,all,Matt,"After 1000 hrs ingame i feel like i have enough understanding of the game to write a review. This game is like EVE online, in the way that it requires work to get things done. It is not a game for players who hop online for one hour a week or people who want instant gratification. LiF YO is a team game, you need to join a group to play or create your own. If you have less that 5 active people then it it s♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of work to do anything but once you have a solid group then the work load drops very low. The crafting of the game requires teamwork and if you do not have the economics to create food or a house then there is no way you will enjoy the PVP, however once you understand the game and have a good group the game shows its full potiental.The PVP in LiFYO is hard, it is based on player skill. I had to hit a training dummy for an hour before i learned/felt confidant in hiting the right direction in combat. There are dozens of wepons and armors and each of them can be used in many ways. BUT the players of the game are not dumb. IF you dont want people to hop your walls then dont build them into a hillside. You want people to die from your bow faster? then level your skill and make better arrows. The whole game is about the economis of crafting better gear, and if you want to put in the work the game is very fun, but dont go ♥♥♥♥♥ing when you play for 1 hr a week and then you get trampled."
76561197985976832,Not Recommended,290080,30450114,Posted: 11 March,all,(382) Cotton,"It's a very grindy co-op sandbox. Where Grindy just doesnt really do any justice as to explaining how grindy the grind actually is. It's a kind of rewarding grind though.. in a Stockholm Syndrome sort of way.""Oh! It gave me a point! It likes me...""You'll also need to con at the very least, 4-5 friends into playing with you for around 20+ hours before you'll have almost gotten to a point where you feel like you may be able to accomplish something soon... maybe. The only way to get anywhere solo, you would need to run your own server and then cheat. I saw in another review, ""The only thing that comes easy in this game is Death"" and that is the truth!It's not ready, yet. Which pisses me off, because I really want to play this game! I played a fair bit when it first came out and decided to put it down for awhile due to bugs/burnout. I've come back again after a year or so and I can tell there's been some progress but it's still too buggy for me. I'm 20+ hours back into the game and I've found a bug that basically has the entire group stuck in limbo on the cusp of getting metal tools for the first time... and it's not going to happen. So we're going to put it back in the oven for another year. Expect an update in 2018... fingers crossed."
76561198131257913,Recommended,290080,34489112,Posted: 25 August,all,Serverus,"I told myself, let me play this game about 7 days before I write an honest comment about it. 7 days ago I came into this game thinking it would be another Ark simulation, thus the content that I have experienced really blew my mind away. This is so much better than what the critics subjectively acused it of being. To be quite honest and since I have been playing sandbox MMO's for quite some time, since Star Wars Galaxies, I will say that Life is Feudal is not only ambitious and unique, but it is possibly one of the greatest sandbox ideas ever done. People complain about the grindiness, but let me be clear, it is not a game for people who don't enjoy putting in the work. You can't do everything in one day or even one week. You will not be able to experience everything even in one month.This game is hardcore! You will need to work to level your skills and start from pretty much a primitive savage. Another thing, it is very difficult to play this game alone. You will need a friend (or friends) who will support and care about the game to actually enjoy this. Conan is so broken now, and the mobs are just silly, the combat is clunky and now broken also where when you run you automatically sheathe your weapon. In LiF none of that exist here. The combat is actually one of the greatest things about this game. Two things it reminds me of, and games that are dear to my heart: Mount & Blade Wardband with a ruthless feel of Mortal Online.Yes! The combat is truly skill based (With first or third person options), probably with more combat ambition ever done in a game; from tactical formations, to siege equipment and mounted warfare. Each combat discipline has skill trees; Cavalryman Knight, Militia, Footman, Slinger/Archer, Assualter/Berserker and so many secondary options birthed from these parent trees. This game finally got combat right! But it is not just combat that is intriguing, but the entire crafting system. You have Carpentry, Masonry, Herbalism, Farming and Hunting with so many skills underneath these parent skills.  The graphics are breathtaking and the nighttime is dangerous and feels like a real forestry.Also the weather system is very intricate. You actually have seasons that allow you to progress and do things like plant crops, plow and harvest resources. I am not sure how the cycle works, but since we've been playing on our server, every 24 hours is like a month. And you can see the months and days on your map.NegativesThere are a few things that can be fixed and maybe this will happen in the MMO, when it releases. Character customization is really bad and the race selection in this game is minimal as well. There are pretty much four faces to choose from for everyone. Not much here, but so much better than that other stuff out there. Conan is pathetic and Ark is a waste of money. But Lif is a game for the ages. If you want to play a real game with little bugs and a fun and rewarding experience, with an opportunity to make your mark on a realm, I encourage you to check this game out. Please do it with friends though, because alone this game can be laborous to the point of rage quit.I hope this helps."
76561198131777567,Recommended,290080,19625040,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Nimess,"great game.. if you like to build, craft, and pvp.. you just have to find the right server.. i recommend Kingdom of Arkhaya.. active GMs and plenty of kingdoms to join.. all are great people that will help you to learn the game, but you want to join a group and not solo.."
,Not Recommended,290080,12720246,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Cycon,"This game has a lot of potential. I really hope to see some development on it, however. At 30 dollars, it's not something you fall in love with right away and it feels sort of junky. 15 dollars, sure, but this isn't where it needs to be yet. Do yourself a favor and wait until this is at least in beta. I've heard they aren't planning to do much more on it that this, that it's intent is MMO. It's a pretty cool idea and the marketing sold me. Wish I would stop buying games drunk."
,Recommended,290080,14002223,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,McSniffles,"I and two other people, in 10 hours, managed to accomplish what I think 3 feudal peasants could have done in real life in about 9 hours.  11/10"
76561198011672757,Recommended,290080,12155059,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Skeeter,Wurm online mixed with mount and blade with a bit of UO attached.It blows my mind its taken this long for someone on planet earth to come out with a game like this.11/10
76561198028362017,Not Recommended,290080,20632329,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Ophilias,"I'll start out by saying that the game has massive potential.  The skill systems and crafting are wonderful.  But there are a few problems that have been present for extended periods and make the game nearly unplayable for extended periods.The method the game uses for saving changes to the terrain is very inefficient, which makes it very difficult to maintain a server for extended periods of time.  And if you terraform below the elevation of the water anywhere on the entire map, it causes corruptions in the game database which results in ongoing lag.  Leaving tree stumps after cutting down trees also causes server lag, and so does having too many trees on the server.Each of these issues don't seem to be terribly important on their own, but they have all been present for an extended period and the game developers continue to add new features and have moved on to working on the MMO version fo the game rather than addressing existing bugs.  Until the developers give the game the attention it needs, this game is not worth playing."
,Not Recommended,290080,33548780,Posted: 14 July,all,DeCoder68W,So what ever happened to the Steam early backers of LiF:YO getting a free copy of the MMO?
,Recommended,290080,13245495,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Persian_Lion,"Normally, I refuse to buy Early Release games for obvious reasons - it's an unfinished product. It usually has me asking, ""Why would I spend money on something that isn't finished with no guarantee for its release?""Even as it stands in its current stage, it's a great game with plenty to do - and this is coming from a person who typically hates Sandbox genre games.Pros:-More than enough to do-Great to play in groups-Feeling of accomplishment when you actually build something-Scale of map/construction-Logical and realistic sandbox:-Survival mechanics-Building mechanicsCons:-Questionable developer choices when it comes to storage-Obvious bugs due to it being an early release-Harsh learning curve-Not noob friendlyI wouldn't recommend this game for people who want to play 20 minutes at a time or for younger people as it requires a bit more of a mature thought process. However, if you like the Mount & Blade series, it's similar to Persisent World Mod mixed with Minecraft. Mind you, this game is only the early release. The actual game will be a Massive Multiplayer Online with player driven politics and the world we be constantly changing based on real players' decisions. There are no NPCs, Quests, or any of the other typical things of an MMO - it truly is a sandbox."
76561198183876393,Recommended,290080,29988444,Posted: 17 February,all,Abool,"If there is one thing I can say about this game its that it caters to a very specific audience, and it caters to that audience very well. If you've ever played an RTS or other overhead style of build and conquer game and thought to yourself, ""Wouldn't it be cool if there was a game like this where everyone played own of the little pieces rather than having one person control them all?"" Then you might really enjoy this game, because thats what its all about.LiF is a teamwork game where individual MUST work together to build something substantial. This is not a good single player game, its not designed for that, you will lose your mind if you try to play this game single player, or even try to go it alone on a multi-player server. 99% of the capabilities of this game come from interacting with others to create something. This game is also relatively slow pace, as you look through the comments sections you can see that most people giving a thumbs up have 1000+ hours in this game. The result is that people work hard and long to develop things in this such have strong sense of pride when its done. The amount of work and effort that goes into actually achieving things in this game makes griefing much more difficult than in other similar games, and the necessity of teamwork makes it much more compatible with Roleplay for those who want it.In my experience this is a great game, but you have to know what your getting when you buy it. If you want action and to be the hero of a grand and epic story, this is probably not the game for you. If you want to experience a truly immersive take on medieval life and contribute to making something greater then just yourself, this game is for you."
,Recommended,290080,12152074,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,ZEBRALOVER,"It's like Rust meets Chivalry, only that the setting is medieval and the gameplay is far more complex."
76561197993052239,Not Recommended,290080,25058970,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,dawgamims,"Honestly, at this point, it's hard to not recommend because the game COULD turn into a game I've ALWAYS wanted - a medieval RPG with a player run economy, politics, and world. That appears to be the vision, but it stumbles in execution. It's just so... bland. I have two underlining problems with the game.1. the amount of time it takes to make things. Don't get me wrong, I understand where the devs are coming from. I think they're taking a similar approach to EVE Online, where acquiring new licenses for certain ships took literal YEARS to do. And that's fine. But it's pretty dull to sit there and watch my character take 3 minutes to cook a fish. That's literally half the time it takes me to cook a fish IRL. As the game stands, I feel like I need a book to entertain me while whatever is going on in the game takes its time to finish. It sounds like part of what they're going to do in the MMO is create mini games for everything to fill the time in, and that might help, but I still think taking 10 minutes to do anything meaningful is too long. The purpose of the game should be survival and construction, and you don't need to create mechanics that cause you to spend every moment of your free time to accomplish the most base tasks. The time spent should be spent on making things truly epic.2. The game seems pretty empty. You walk into any town, and it is empty. Empty homes, empthy trading posts, empty ""schools"" - all the building are there only for aesthetics, with no real reason to exist. At the very least, being able to fill them with furniture would be nice. At the most, the furniture you fill it with should all serve some function. And all of this compounds problem 1. What point is there in spending 10 real life hours to build my first humble shack when there's no real purpose to it? I guess if you're into things like legos, and you enjoy building things because it's fun to accomplish something, than this might suit you. But I play games because they're interactive and allow me to do things I wouldn't normally be able to do IRL.So we'll see, maybe the promised MMO will fix those two issues. But as it stands, I didn't really have fun in this game and don't recommend it.EDIT: When I wrote this review, I intended it to be just my two cents on the game. Instead, it has become the ""most helpful"" review of this game. I only noticed because I get comments every other day from some very passionate fans. Still, I thought it would be a good idea to follow up with a few comments (and fix a grammar mistake or two in the original review).First of all, people getting worked up on whether it actually takes 3 minutes to make a fish IRL are missing the point. One of my favorite game series of all time is the Sims. In that game, your sims do such mundane tasks as poo, eat, laundry, and dishes. But you're empowered to tell a story. It gave you a canvas to tell a story that could spread over generations. It made every in-game day special as you worked towards whatever goal you had established for your virtual family to achieve. Of course, it didn't hurt that Maxis' (and eventually The Sims Studios) signature humor was sprinkled throughout.LIF is missing all of that charm. It takes so damn long to do anything, every task is a chore instead of an exciting step towards a greater adventure. There is no charm, just a generic medieval world with even less character. Obviously I've already mentioned how everything felt empty. The game just needs something, anything, that's fun. As it stands, all you have to hope for is finding a decently populated server where some good samaritan will donate a basic set of arms and armor to you, allowing you to participate in fights sooner. Oh, and you die fairly quickly. If everything else is useless and the only point is fighting, why not make a pure fighting game?Finally, yes, I only played the game for 1.1 hours. I don't have a problem with that. It isn'tmyresponsibility to figure out how to like a game, it's the developers responsibility to sell me on their game. They failed to win me over in the alotted time and I feel other, like minded gamers should know about it. I agree with others, it's a little disappointing that the review from the guy who played for 1.1 hours is currently ""the most helpful"", but my intention was just to throw in my thoughts. That being said, those who've played for a few dozen hours have walked away with similar impressions. Regardless, I had watched a few hours of Let's Plays, but because it takes so long to do anything in the game and the videos tended to be heavily edited, I thought it would be worth trying the game out.My dream game is where I can live in a medieval world. Be a tavern owner making ale and attracting all the adventurers in town as we discuss the latest war and get buffs from my ale. Be a farmer and cower as I run from the most recent raid by a neighboring fiefdom. Be a merchant and sell goods from city to city. Be a guard-for-hire and assist caravans as they travel the sands. Be a part of a political movement as we overthrow the current government. Be a rogue group of hedge knights that fights for the freedom ofnoobsall folk, giving each new soul a fair shot in the harsh world.This game is not that game. That's all I'm saying."
,Recommended,290080,20654529,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,'DABOBO.,"Graphic? Okay. Pragmatic animations.Crafting? Nice. Each profession can craft a lot of stuff. Realistic steps.Housing? Okay. Could be modular?Combatsystem? Meeh. Hitboxes straight outta hell.Bugs? It's not a bug, its a feature!All in one, played 700+ hours. 8/10"
76561198006550367,Recommended,290080,13853085,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,MadGod,I can't remmember what the sun looks like.
,Recommended,290080,13609877,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,IncuB,A hard and teadious game that will bring the rewarding of what you'll achieve at a pic level.First game in the world that make players help each others rather that kill others.
,Not Recommended,290080,35347533,Posted: 30 September,all,Ragnar *H_H*,Let me just say I tried. I really did. I bought my wife the game and she tried too. We love survival games and that's what we mainly play together. But this...this just...I just can't bring myself to click play anymore. It's just so horridly boring.
76561198027623815,Not Recommended,290080,33601990,Posted: 16 July,all,<=Kenbo=>,"If one were to give birth to an aborted baby, this game is exactly what the result would look like.Development and support for this game were cancelled before it was ever released. Then, as an extra slap in the face, it was released as though it were a finished game!This company is one of the worst I have ever seen. Incredibly dishonest and incompetent. I am ashamed to admit that this is the 2nd unfinished piece of garbage by their design that I have wasted my hard earned money on.Don't Make The Same Mistake I Made!!! (twice)"
,Recommended,290080,14048745,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Geek Reaper,"I have put couple hundred hours into this game and I can honestly declare that I love it. While there are a few major bugs that can sometimes act as ""game breakers"" the Devs seem to be right on top of it. I wouldn't recommend this game if you want everything handed to you on a silver platter. This game is pretty in depth, and requires the time to be put in, but the pay off is quite rewarding. I played the first 2 weeks starting a place called Newville with a few other Noobs. The Admins took note and actually helped us turn it into a capitol city for their server where he helped new players learn the game in a safe place. It is moment like that that I'll remember most. Then I left Newville and became a mass murderer, again rewarding in it's own way. How you play is up to you. Buy this game, support it and you wont regret it."
76561197985053966,Recommended,290080,19163927,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Vince,"Been playing the game for 14 months now and still enjoying it a lot. If you like a medieval sandbox game with survival, crafting, combat, building, etc. then this is your game. It's awesome to play in a group and form a guild, get a big city going, see a community grow and grow into a large kingdom.The devs of this game are working hard and are dedicated to their players. Lately we have had weekly updates fixing bugs and adding new features of the game. They are listening closely to player suggestions and feedback,Be aware though, the game is not completely finished. It has bugs and unfinished features. Don't expect a fully functional game, you will be encountering issues regularly. If you don't mind this, then go ahead and buy the game!A last note, a YO copy of this game will give you a free slot on the MMO next year. So if you plan to play the fully functioning MMO (Summer-Fall 2016) buy it now with a 40% discount!"
,Not Recommended,290080,33836061,Posted: 27 July,all,Aduna,Game has been abondoned.
,Not Recommended,290080,12473923,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,aspaceotter,"I was incredibly excited to buy this game. However upon actually playing the game not only was my first challenge, being able to actually create a server, but being denied access to the server over and over. Afterwards. The game lacked explanation of many aspects, and often you are too busy playing the game like its farmville to actually enjoy its potential.Great concept.poor deliver in early alpha.hopefully with advancements this will beome a huge hit, but as of now i just do not see this game being one of the hundreds of games in your library that will remain unplayed."
,Recommended,290080,18592620,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,The Soviet MooseBear,"Mixed reviews? WHY!Easily one of my best/favorite games in my library, amazingly realistic and hard to pickup, and even when you pick it up and understand how to make♥♥♥♥♥♥(Difficult at that) you still are not considered good, as there is no good. Eventually you must trade to grow your village quicker, and even then it takes weeks, even months to build a house with a few necessities. I cannot stick to a game more than a month before i grow bored and move onto another. HOWEVER, IF you are the type to sit down and play a game for months on-end, this is for you, if you can check it every now and then to reclaim and collect then GET THIS GAME. Totally worth the money along with the MMO being free for those who buy now. LOVE IT and if i were to recommend a game to any of my friends it would be this one. I hope my review persuades you to get it and to get it's  name out."
76561198080215534,Recommended,290080,18375869,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Plug It In Baby,"Only have about 11 hours in this game and still haven't learned nearly 1/4 of the stuff to be learned. Yet this game is incredibly amazing, the rp potential is immense and immersive, the players are 9 times out of 10 relatively friendly and will let you yield in combat. This game is easily worth the 39.99 they want for it (in my opinion) I would strongly encourage anyone with a strong will to learn a game before judging to buy it. You won't regret it. You do have to put in a lot of effort and time to learn and advance in it, but boy is it worth it!"
,Not Recommended,290080,25626451,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,123,"Absolutely feel ripped off by these developers. Very unprofessional and just another game that should not be supported by Steam to rip off the community. This game should be removed from Steam ASAP. Everyone who bought this game like I did in its early development was ripped off.This is my first review so don't hate on me too badly. Out of all the games I have bought and played, this is the only one I have ever reviewed - Mostly in the hopes others don't waste their money.First off.. Game is riddled with bugs. Poor design choices, terrible netcode, fluctuating frame rates, random crashes and other stability issues. It's a complete mess.Gameplay?? If your another person like me who bought this game for its roleplay value, you will be disappointed. Every mechanic I wish was there isn't. Everything is terribly redundant. The game is not, and never was intended to be finished. Everything about this game is unfinished.. The AI is terrible and the gameplay is worse. If you enjoy watching a terrible paint job dry, this ones for you.This is what I keep seeing all over.. Whiteknights for this game claim it is a run-up to the MMORPG. Well I tell you what.. I was never aware when I bought this game when it first arrived on early access that I was basically donating my money to another unfinished and never to be finished product.Why you ask yourself is this an issue? Sure, you helped fund the creation of an MMORPG - Well, the problem is they have sold out on the one thing people hoped for. They have recently partnered with XSOLLA and fully intend to embark on a P2W model.ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!?!?!? AFTER I PAID 40+$ WHATEVER DOLLARS AND HELPED FUND THE CREATION OF THIS MMORPG AND THIS UNFINISHED AND ABANDONED GAME, I NOW HAVE TO PAY MORE?!?!?Ridiculous right? No, just another group of scam artist dev's hoping to rake in on your cash for what I fully expect to be a never to be finished MMORPG.. Wait.. Then they will say they are going to use the money from the MMORPG to create an actual.. Finished game! Incredible!I hope people read this crappily written review and do NOT support the pillaging of the Steam community by games like these!THIS IS THE ONE GAME I WISH I NEVER EVER BOUGHT 24.4HRS ON THIS GAME WAS PAINFUL!!Please do not make the mistake I did and give these people your hard earned money. They don't deserve it."
76561198038047306,Recommended,290080,19472729,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Gollot Gamin,"Refreshing game. Only it takes too many hours of hard labor before enjoying it,"
,Not Recommended,290080,12495107,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Ｓｈｏｗｌｅｎ,"I don't recommend this game at it's current state, It's extremely buggy (Expecally combat, that seems to be more broken then anything else) and the current price tag is to much, I would wait till tons of the flaws and broken combat is fixed..."
76561198045863280,Recommended,290080,22655971,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,ranger0440,"In five days I logged 50 hours.... I had to work two of them. This game has absolutely blown my mind. It has everthing you want out of an MMO, everything you want out of a fighting game, and everything out of a casual sandbox. Imagine Mincraft meet WoW meets....Well i personally don't fplay much fighting games so *insert here your favorite fighting game*. The mechanics of this game are easy to grasp and just as easy to master. The only thing that I could say is something of a drawback is that it becomes TOO realistic. I spent at least a day and a half, real world time, just moving dirt to create a beautiful and scenic home for myself. But, even though this could be a drawback, it also makes every little achievement more meaningful. I was basically talking to myself, congratulating, on completing a forge and anvil building for the first time. One of many more that I eventually built."
,Recommended,290080,12222742,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Brostrava 空気読めない,I was never more in touch with my peasant-side than I was with this game.10 wenches out of 10.
,Recommended,290080,19532780,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Mlafferty1993,at first i wasnt too sure about this game. playing alone is next to impossible unless you have god powers also known as GM mode in game. i gave the game a second chance and luckily landed in a server with someone who taught me the game. It has become very enjoyable. i do wish the servers would become more populated but that will come in time. I will recommend this game to someone who enjoys crafting. because you will be doing alot of it. it takes time to get up and going but its worth it when you look at a small village you and some friends have built and knowing you started with a clearing (or if you did as i helped other players with) an unlevled forest that you have to tediously chop down. this is definetly a game you will be in the long haul for.  Do not purchase if you want a casual jump in jump out type of game because you wont get anywhere in it. this is my two cents.
,Not Recommended,290080,12643794,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Gibbo,"This game 'Life is Feudal' really makes you question your life. Personally, the only laugh I got out of this game, is because of how bad it is. This game is nowhere near finished, you cannot do anything in this game but lag unless you have a super computer. I'd rate this game 2/10, I'm giving it 2 instead of 1 because of the banter it creates because you realise how much money you've wasted. I literally just got an achievement and the game isn't even open."
,Not Recommended,290080,34874261,Posted: 10 September,all,fshertzer,"I gave this game a try, and boy was it trying!  It should be called ""Life is Grinding: You're Alone,"" because no one ever seems to be online when I play the game, and the amount of grinding you have to do to acquire resources is ridiculous.Try farming.  Go one, try it.  You'll never find any seeds to plant.Try mining.  Good luck!  If you didn't change the terraforming option to minimize the amount of work, you'll be digging for eternity, with nothing to show for it.Don't bother hunting.  Even with the wild life option maxed out, there are no animals to find.And to top it off, something must have changed in the programming, because it now crashes every time I load my world.I was excited when I first learned about this game.  But now that I've actually played it, it's nowhere near as fun as advertised."
,Not Recommended,290080,12174766,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,cterjesen,"Short version: In the version published as of 21st of September 2014, this game is too buggy for me to recommend. As they are getting fixed, this review will be updated. (Assuming I remember.)From what little I have played, this game is quite enjoyable. Only played by myself for now, to learn basics. It can be a bit hard to get into at first, in regards of how to control your character etc, but once you get the hang of the basics you're set. LiF has it's issues, but that is to be expected in an early access game, and will hopefully be fixed quickly. This game has a lot of potential, and down the line, if it's not abandoned, I can see it possibly be very popular. My best comparison would probably be a mix of Mount&Blade and Minecraft."
,Not Recommended,290080,12882618,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Ekusudesu,"EDIT: Haven't looked at this review in awhile, I decided to go back and look at it to evalutate how accurate is in now that the review is a year+ old. I decided it's not even worth changing because everything is pretty much still persistant as it was when I wrote it and also I noticed what I once thought was a 'fanboy' or maybe a server owner/admin is actually a DEVELOPER. So obviously they had people creating low level, private accounts to argue with critics about their game and to downvote negative reviews. This makes me question to validity of their postive reviews, which were a much higher precentage when the game was release on steam. Now the reviews are mixed and some light in finally being shed on these shoddy developers.. but too late as a lot of people have purchased this game due to bias.One perpetrator 'Neolog' had battled my opinions of the game, trying to be underhanded.. unfortunately I deleted most the comments he made because of his attitude. He wasn't a Developer when he was doing this criticism.. so not only did I receive an official response from Saxxon.. he has his little henchmen going around and debating peoples reviews, be warned if you are looking at the upvotes/downvotes for reviews, as they are obviously manipulated.Quote from the comments of my review:""Neolog  [developer] Dec 9, 2014 @ 12:37am  DeleteI dare to add my comment, hope you won't feel bad:-The graphics are pretty horrible (Think Asheron's Call with some realistic photo textures for SOME things, ick)Well, it's open world game with full terramorphing. You wouldn't say, that bad graphics is a CON of Minecraft, would you?-Many have problems getting it to load and be stable-A lot of strange lag and bugsAlpha, EA. You can copypast this comments to any EA game, and they'd still be true.-It's over 3 years old and still early accessIt's been early access for couple of months. Development took almost 3 years, sooooo? It's indie, dude, they don't have 2000 developers to release a game per year.-Lack of end game contentThe fact, that you're using ""end-game content"" for a sandbox game tells much about your understanding of a sandbox concept.I honestly don't understand why you bought this game in the first place, but given your quantity of bought games, it seems like you're just buying every game you see =)""End quote...of course he isn't being blatantly rude or anything in this comment, though he is obviously trying to incite a response that will make me - the reviewer, seem less credible.. the other posts he made, which I had deleted spiraled downward into near trollism.My orginal review:This game has potential, yes, potential. It's an evil word that is thrown about and often the ones who spring forty dollars on a game are quick to adopt it.It's fun to play, for sure, especially when there are more people working in sync to alleviate the artificial wait times. The wait times are a mix of a blessing and a curse, they give the feeling of accomplishment when you are finally able to see your hard work pay off, but this is all a ruse when you realize that there isn't really an end to a means since the endgame comes down to pvp which is still a work in progress and from my experience a long ways from being substantial. (I.E. Horses and almost all the weapon skills are not implemented.)The real reason I am NOT recommending this game is the lack of updates. YES I KNOW THIS IS EARLY ACCESS. They have been working on this game for over THREE YEARS before it got greenlit, Do yourself a favor and research it yourself, their PR will gladly say that they are working diligently on the game, but the fact is there hasn't been any substatial updates for years. That is not a good track record, especially concerning the core mechanics of the game which are not even implemented.PROS-Combat is not like Mount and Blade-Crafting system is detailed and involving-Fun to work with others towards a common goal-Open charachter development-Open world developmentCONS-Combat is not like Mount and Blade (Yes, it's a pro and a con)-Artificial wait times-The graphics are pretty horrible (Think Asheron's Call with some realistic photo textures for SOME things, ick)-Many have problems getting it to load and be stable-A lot of strange lag and bugs-It's over 3 years old and still early access-Lack of end game content-Not much freedom when constructing things (Prefab building, etc)I suggest you read over their official website, especially concerning their progress before you purchase, I also recommend researching other games that are close in genre and half as expensive.5/10"
,Not Recommended,290080,33191186,Posted: 3 July,all,bushdoctor,the game has such great potential yet the devs have let the your own version fall apart so they can focus on the MMO version which to date is so delayed and only open to a select few testers that i have given up compleatly on this game. Maybe look at this again in 2 years time but for now LIF is off my list of games to play. sorry guys
76561197975464456,Recommended,290080,17329357,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Decoy,"Life is Feudal is a weird game. The interface is kind of garbage. The way you interact with things is more obtuse than it needs to be. The teraforming system could really take some lessons from other games.But I enjoy the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it.Everything you do is hard. Everything takes tons of time and effort. So when you finish, when you and your friends have built a massive keep from the ground up, it really feels like an accomplishment. And that's not something I get from many other games.If you're adventurous and not afraid of learning this game's very unique way of doing things, by all means, give it a go."
,Recommended,290080,28248427,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Tophiate,"Man..where top begin:When I bought this game, I fell in love immediately. No zombies, no spaceships, nothing to pull you out of feeling totally immersed in a dark-ages survival experience. Things were rough in the dark ages. They were DARK. The game follows suit. It was nigh unplayable solo.It has only gotten harder in my opinion. You need a group to survive unless you have 24/7 to grind away on things.The game play is great. Targeting is real..not tab BS. They got SO MANY THINGS RIGHT. Damned fine work guys!!! A+ in many many categories.Realistic? Hell yes. Too much so, though I think.A game has to be FUN. I find it relaxing as all get out to flatten the land and plant crops solo. But I have taken a massive short cut and created my own server, The Shadowlands, and allowed GM console commands for myself.This both made the game playable solo for me and it has now ruined it for me as it did with ARK: SEOnce you are GOD, what's left to strive for?Now there is an MMO version out. Initially I thought ""OUSTANDING""!! A persistant world where the rules aren't dictated by some drunken numbnut. I shall no longer plant my fields alone.....Then I found out that those of us who had already shelled out $40 bucks were going to have to PAY for said MMO.Whoawhoa...what?We have essentially paid to play what has effectively been a testing ground all along for this MMO. This game was never meant to be a standalone .. I see that now.Give the MMO to those who already paid for your R & D. Don't be THOSE guys who milkmilkmilk until we freakfreakfreak.That's my advice.Do I recommend this game? Sure...its amazing. Just bring friends or spend a day finding a non douchbag polluted server. They exist...in theory.But our current situation leads me to questions of integrity. I still hold my thumb up but it is leaning...."
76561198010762793,Not Recommended,290080,14087862,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,BizzyBeast,"I do not recommend this game, because it can actually be very fun. Odd reason to not recommend a game right! See the problem is... Enjoying it means obnoxious lenghts of time doing things. Oh want to make a farm, clear an area, teraform area, plow the ground, plant seeds, and harvest crops! Sounds easy, but each step is its own huge grind. On top of that, crops take (usually, but depending on server settings) a real life 24 hours to be able to harvest them. Worse yet if you arent online when they are harvestable, they wither.Fighting is fun enough, its laggy and glitchy but fun. It feels like a bad connection mount and blade, but dumbed down extremely. The hit detection is off, but not too bad. Combat is absolutely just spam click, however some things like shield bash knock you over and stun you. You can chain this with multiple people. The combat needs a lot of work, its geared for bad players in droves.Its also not really a solo game, you must find a group. Now several people will argue this, but understand that these are adults who can commit 10+ hours a day to a video game. Are you able to do that? Exactly, me either because we arent shut ins. The game takes huge huge gaps of time, splitting the time load with other players is the only way to survive. Unless you play on a PvE server I guess, but I cant imagine doing that.It was extremely fun for 4 or 5 days, playing with 3 RL buddies, then it kept getting more and more lame. Building weapons and armor takes REAL LIFE gaps if time. Like 24 hours for flax to grow, then 24 more hours to turn it into rope fibers... Oops not enough to make a full rope, 24 more hours to grow more, 24 more hours to turn that into rope fibers. I wish this was an exaggeration, but this will happen to you. You have outrageous time sinks to get skills to the level to do the next thing, like plant certain seeds, make rope or tan leather. All the while there is inevitably some huge 20 person group of euros who is pretending they are back in their countries hayday, griefing everyone mostly when they are offline. Its so weird and socially awkward.Short story long... Its just simply not ready yet, its a fun little medieval simulator, but im not willing to grind on an alpha game, maybe you are who knows. Try it, its not the worst game ever, its just currently a hot mess."
,Recommended,290080,12169467,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,[Sample Text],"The game is very interesting and looks to have great potential but at the moment the game is highly unstable with poor optimization. I think with a few patches fixing these crashes and adding a bit more content, this game will likely be very good.I would personally wait to buy it until it is more stable."
,Recommended,290080,15217735,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Steven,"I honestly think that a lot of the negative reviews towards this game were written without considering the game's spiritual predecessors: Wurm Online, Haven & Hearth, and whichever others gave way to inspire the mechanics in LiF. This game maintains the same level of grind as Wurm, assuming a 1.0 skillgain multiplier, while making every last accomplishment feel wonderful. When I got my first tunnel dug to ore, it was a great feeling, and then smelting the ore, and so on.The only agonies I face in this game really come from trying to play solo, terraforming (even with other people I imagine it's dreadful to flatten out a cliff face, as it really should be.) the occasional bug and probably loss of life and items from PvP encounters. I don't quite appreciate the way the skills work, with the prerequisite skills and all that, due to the fact that A: there's a(n) (adjustable) skillcap, and B: some of the sequencing doesn't make sense. IIRC, use of chainmail is restricted to after you reach level 30 in warhorse training, and other armor skills are thrown after other random combat skills. It just doesn't feel right. Lastly, if you're playing alone, just absolutely forget about making real progression with the skillcap at its default settings, because nearly every skill is required to make a nicely functioning settlement.Is this game worth the price tag? That's debatable. At this state, I'd personally say yeah, but I understand others that aren't as seasoned to the type of game this is might want to hold out for a sale or for more content to be ironed out and implemented. At the time of writing I've had ~40 hours in the past few days, and I've got to say, nothing feels more satisfying than seeing what all I've managed to accomplish on my own."
,Not Recommended,290080,25745645,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Bob,"I initially wrote the following in response to a post on the community page about why people dislike the game:It gets bad reviews because it is bad. The devs are EXTREMELY slow in getting updates out. There are lots of gamebreaking bugs. (gotta love tubs and racks still not working) Performance is still pretty poor for lots of folks. Good servers are hard to come by as they are community ran. Good servers fill up and you can't get in due to 64 person limit. The animal AI is atrocious. Its not a survival game because its insanely easy to find some apples. Fighting is rather counter-intuitive and if you don't like it its only because 'you aren't any good' which really just means you haven't taken the time to learn how to exploit certain weapons.The MMO can solve some of these issues, but first it actually has to get out of beta wave 0 which its been in for what, 6 months now? Not to mention the low skill cap and low skill multiplier make it a total grind fest. They announced that partnership with the microtransaction company like it was some crowning achievement which means milking us for every penny seems to be highest on the priority list. The concept of clans battling on some neutral outside the world battlefield also seems insanely stupid as well.I have nearly 1000 hours in the game and regret most all of them. If it wasn't for my addictive personality and the crafting system I would have given up much sooner. The one positive is that I can write reviews without the trolls complaining that I don't have enough game hours to have an opinion."
,Not Recommended,290080,12658923,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Brimstone,"Heres the real issue.  They make it hard and tedious for characters that could be wiped in a game full of bugsThis game is WAY to slow to be fun.  idk why watching a green bar would be conidered fun ever...  You need tons of stupid things like branches and fiber to build simple items.  Also if you joing the wrong server your skills are slow as hell.This is just a huge IMMATURITY and INSECURITY from the devs.  Trying to press people into playing grinds instead of why people joined this game in the first place.One examples is making 4 traps (which take hours to get chickens, if you are lucky) takes 40 fiber to contruct (plus the apples \ branches).  Idk what the time is 4 secons for that damn green bar?  Just hitting the ground.. skill \ equipment \ area doesn't affect anything but quality (which is random, indiscernible from every other patch of woods)So 40 patches of grass *4 seconds = 160s plus the time clicking through their ultra clunky menu to get grass again.  Which also runs your skill cap ragged... you know so you CAN'T get to the things you wanted to do when joining.Not bad right?  So I did it...  then 10 branches to get .7 out of 30 skill needed to build YOUR FIRST HOUSE...  not to mention leveling ground.  Time wasted =  10 branches x 4s x 42 (28 minutes).  Which tbh would be fine...  IF I WASNT FORCED TO WATCH AND CLICK THE ENTIRE ♥♥♥♥ING TIME"
,Recommended,290080,22802751,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Vythrin,"TL;DR AT THE BOTTOMLife is Feudal is an extremely grindy game (on non-boosted servers at least). If you can handle the grind, however, it has to be one of the most rewarding, fun, and interesting games out there. It puts other medieval survival games (looking at you, Reign of Kings) to shame. Still very unfinished but, in my opinion, it is definitely worth the money.Pros:- The game is very rewarding later on. If you can get past the first difficult cliff then you'll be set for a while. It's not like Rust or Ark in that you can wake up one day with everything gone.- If you have a large group of friends it's a ton of fun. 10 friends in a group could create an entire empire if you work together.- Very in depth skills. You can level just about any skill you can think of.- Many, many paths to build your kingdom. If you want to build an underground kingdom, you can. If you'd rather a castle with massive, indestructible walls, you got it. There are infinite numbers of ways to play this game.- Roleplay potential is crazy. I don't mean roleplay like Skyrim where you level up skills and talk to NPCs. I mean roleplay like SAMP or Project Reality. If you want to get very immersed as the king you are, you certainly can. Check out Mr Moon on YouTube for good examples of Life is Feudal roleplay.Neutral- Takes a ton of time to get into. You can put 50 hours into the game without getting anywhere if you swap servers frequently. On games such as Rust, you can get a decent establishment up and running within a day. On Life is Feudal, you need a good 5-6 hours of gameplay for 5 days straight to get something resembling a base.Cons- The combat is still pretty meh. It was significantly worse when the game was launched. It's not as good as other medieval combat in games such as Chivalry, but it gets the job done.- Weird protection systems. In order to protect your items you must make some kind of totem/idol thing and give it frequent sacrifices of herbs. It takes 1-1.5 hours of farming in the first place to make it however if you miss one day of sacrifices then it gets destroyed and your stuff is gone.- Playing solo is impossible. Well, not technically, but you can't expect to get anywhere in any reasonable amount of time if you dont have a few friends to help you out. Hell, at least one friend will make a huge different.Please note that quite a few of my personal issues with the game (time investment, mainly) is made null by servers with increased farming rates.I will edit this review with more pros/cons as I play the game more.TL;DR - The game is very in depth, tons of fun, and very time consuming. Bring your friends. If you don't have a lot of free time play on an increased rates server. Over all, I'd give it a 8/10 based on my personal enjoyment."
76561198011225888,Recommended,290080,19783226,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Sanscenti,"The best game I've played in a long time, and about the only title of hundreds that didn't make me quit the game after a short while because I've went ""*sigh* I've done this before.""It's a realistic medieval sim, and a very time-demanding, rewarding one at that. It takes time to do stuff in the game, which has this amazing rewarding feeling when you actually accomplish things. Games nowadays have lost that feel. The game has quite a steep learning curve, and to even be able to kill a creature for its meat and pelt, it might take fifteen to twenty minutes killing it. But when you finally hit your target with that last stone and it falls to its death, I caught myself in jumping up and down in my chair, singing random celebratory songs! Amazing feeling.Many people would dislike this game. It takes time, and it IS hard. You'd have to like challenges to like the game. I've seen many people rate this game poorly, stating the reason behind it was that it was too hard and time demanding, criticizing it for not being like other survival games before it.I say thumbs up! Best game I've played in many, many years."
76561197962051472,Not Recommended,290080,25932956,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Mod70,"I really tried to enjoy this game.  The bottom line is it feels too much like an actual job.  Construction is very complex and one troll or group can ruin things for you.  I love pvp, but pvp in this game is not well done.  The game is basically a rush to make leather.  Without it you can't make anything worthwhile and you are basically defenseless.  The other option is to play on a server with no pvp and then the game becomes pointless.  The terraforming and construction is pretty awe inspiring, but overall there is something missing here.  I don't regret the purchase, but I can't recommend the game."
,Recommended,290080,14906797,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Bjes,"This game is the end of my life. 100 hours in, not even the palisade around the village completed.WoW was casual."
,Not Recommended,290080,14194915,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Ned Starks Bastard,"The harshest, most horrific grind of a game of all time, took me 60 hours to build myself a small house, warehouse and assorted outbuildings at literally 10 fps. The amount of time it takes to gather sticks to build one piece of basic ♥♥♥♥ing fence is beyond mind numbing. This game should be called GO GREEN BAR as all you ever do is watch ♥♥♥♥ing green bars fill up for every action you take. Scratching at the ground like a dog just to try and find the necessary ingredients to make steel takes an absolute eternity, then you have to smelt the♥♥♥♥♥♥ then you have to watch the ♥♥♥♥ing green bar fill up another million times just to build the ♥♥♥♥ing warehouse. Plus the server I was playing on just randomly disappeared forever and deleted all my horrible low res stuff. If you like constantly hammering your head against walls in eye bleeding, jerky slow motion then this is the game for you... If you have any semblance of a life or any sense whatsoever... RUN, SAVE YOURSELF FROM THIS HORRENDOUS GRIND FEST... I may never get those 60 hours back.. but if this review saves just one person it will all have been worth it..."
,Recommended,290080,17951440,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,JTF / Frey,"Dont let the ""Mixed"" review status fool you, im sure most of those people were expecting more Reign of Kings.There is ALOT of grinding in this game and it will throw alot of people off. Its not for the deathmatch crowd.The way i picture it is in Warcraft you need to lvl until cap then play the game, In this you spend that time leveling your proffessions and or your combat skills then play the game.Althought ive been in a few fights or side destractions while leveling.You need to practice and traing your character skills to get the certain benifits, even with that you need to know how to fight with a mount and blade style. The health system is much more indepth and realistic. If someone plunges a sword in your chest you will start to bleed out unless you treat it,  If you get headshotted your bonned. Not all fights you will go into the opponent or yourself will be at 100% you or he may be wounded from a fight from hours ago or still recovering from getting beaten by wooden swords to be more profficient with that class or armor.You'll need to pick a trade and grind it out until youve master it, and you cant master all of them to trading is important.there too much to mention and its still early access.If you want to be play casual play Reign, If you want to really earn what you get and play something more realistic buy this game!"
76561198008457577,Recommended,290080,13028295,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,NanoX,"It's a pretty good idea the developers had.The game improves (almost) every 3 days with patches, bugfixes and add-ons.I would buy it again."
76561198006005362,Recommended,290080,14560861,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Jinn,The concept of the game is very unique and has a very in depth crafting system. There are some bugs but nothing game breaking and some of the stuff is yet to be implemented but devs are working on it.Its very slow paced game so if you like that kind of game then there isn't any better and ofcourse this is kind of a demo version of the real MMO that the devs will make after based on this one after they perfected it.And its kinda good deal since if you buy this one you get one free character on the MMO version when it gets releasedmeaning you get both games for single price
,Recommended,290080,12235750,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Gentry,"Out of the way ♥♥♥♥ing noblemenPeasant coming throughcropsLOL who else is gona do ur farmingLike u can even tillGud seson 4 cropsBET YOU DIDN EVN KNO THATwhen im don im pull ur cart 2I know how senitiv ur noblman hands r LMAO♥♥♥♥ing omgwhen im don im gona groom th♥♥♥♥♥out thos cropscan't even eat w/o cropsNOBLMAN, SWERVE"
,Recommended,290080,12286486,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Dewderson,"Is this game worth 40 dollars? No. Not quite, will it be? Yes, without a doubt. This game is very addicting, it is so fun, you will wonder why you find it so fun; and consider that something may be wrong with you. Primarily because you stare at things for hours on end.First you look at grass, then trees, then ground that you flatten, then you look at ground you are digging into, then you look at ore you are mining, then the furnace you are smelting it in, then the leather crafting equipment, then the forge, and finally; you look at people running away from you, before you catch up to them and kill them with weapons and armor.11/10 Would fail to communicate with peasant thief because of Alpha Build, then kill him and take all his rocks, rags and apples.EDIT - There seems to be a LOT of confusion about combat in this game, rightfully so. People say it is broken because they attempt PVP VERY EARLY INTO THEIR PLAYTHROUGHS, and try to beat each other to death with tools mostly, iron and primitive.However, that is not true, you take a major penalty when fighting with tools that can be reduced (Although never fully) by leveling a skill called ""Militia Service,"" which attaches to a penalty free weapon, the familiar pitchfork! The pitchfork is effective, as you are unarmored and agile, you can also outmaneuver them with your speed. A peasant not to be trifled with to say the least.Additionally, ""real"" combat features a not visually impressive, but still very immersive and fun combat system. You will find yourself strategizing against your opponent, anticipating his moves and stamina, spotting weak points in his armor. You will want to duel your cohorts almost constantly, when facing Hank, the fully armored Zweihander♥♥♥♥♥♥victim in the comments. I found myself circling with him in a defensive posture and thinking, ""First, he'll aim to parry, strike, backpedal and swing, then disengage and recover."" You will feel A LOT of satisfaction when your opponent executes precisely as you anticipated before you press the attack. It will drive you to almost never want to make things in the game again, only steal and kill from those who do."
,Recommended,290080,20795687,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Þorkell,"I always thought Life is Feudal looked pretty crappy and seemed like a bad game with a terrible UI where you walk around with big tree-trunks on your back and hunt for invisible ingredients off of the ground and trees...While some of it is actually still true (harvesting of ingredients and carrying things on your back - though the tools look much better now), the upgraded graphics, new weather and season changes, etc. has made this into something utterly different from what I first perceived. If you've ever wanted to build your own house and live a simple life, where all your necessities come from nature and your own hard work, this is the game you've been looking for. - If nothing else, you can simply take in the beauty of the living nature with many different species of trees and wildlife co-existing in a world that's (yet) to be touched by human influence.P.S. Sean Bean made me buy this game."
,Recommended,290080,17746457,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Meeme,"This game is not perfect, it's still in development so don't expect a perfectly optimized game. But the crafting is amazing, the graphics are neat and the combat needs tweaking here and there but I've been in some pretty fun fights. You're never truly safe behind your walls as there are always those players who enjoy raiding a little too much but if you put up a fight they tend to back off a bit, but if you don't fight back you'll probably be bullied so don't be a carebear for your own sake.The game is what you make of it and I highly recommend this game to all my friends and anyone who reads this review."
76561198041493152,Recommended,290080,14427494,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,NyuuKnight,"its the most fun ""boring"" game i've ever played...after u figure out the controls and what to do... and once you know what your doing... you just cant stop... the freedom it gives you is just well... freedom :3i spent over a hundred hours just terraforming the top of a mountain flat to build a house on it just to have the server wiped...http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=329275713then i built this on another server...http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=38266737410/10 would terraform again AND again...:edit: and then updates.... so server got wiped AGAIN ... and i built a farmhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=387463836there is literally tons more you can do with more friends ... everything i did in these screen shots were alone imagine if i had FRIENDS to play with :3 so go out there and look for a small town to join up with and most important ... lock your goodies behind doors ... judgement hour brings out the thiefsupdated nov 17th... full server wipe...http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=556472870my rage when my home was wiped again"
76561198072356125,Recommended,290080,19051365,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Macedon,"This game has so far no equal of its depth how you can develop your game character, and with your friends develop your settlement. If you get yourself in a busy smooth running server, then lots of hours of fun are guaranteed. I expect more optimized game once its released, and cant wait to see the new graphics renderer. I absolutely recommend it."
76561197995343674,Recommended,290080,19068360,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Zembe83,"Ruthless and amazing medieval sandbox sim. But don't try to tackle the elements alone, this game is rather realistic in time consuming tasks and labour intensive work needed to get basic defences up. And you need them, for the pvp is really ruthless and amazing fun. You will die, your stuff will be stolen and you will feel sorry. But you will also have a great thrill. Don't get mad, get even. Learn to fight, make your attackers into walking porcupines with arrows hailing from your walls. Mount up and ride down those who man the trebuchet hurling great rocks at your great castle you and your friends have spent countless hours building to protect your warehouses filled to the brim with important materials and valuables."
,Recommended,290080,19062998,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,PARMI,"Seeing as I have 500+ hours and this game is about to release I should put my opinions and experiences out thereWe'll begin with the learning curve of the game. Personally, it took me and a few friends a week or two to actually get into the ""mid-game"" of Life Is Feudal. Through lots of struggling and crashes we eventually became the strongest and best on the server, we were addicted. For new players, this game is extremely difficult but very immersive. I can not stress enough to new players to push through the beginning grind so they can experience the rest of the game. I feel as if more stuff should be added to the beginning of the game to make it more fun for newer players, however.The skills tree is very well thought out, however it features some bottlenecks that must be overcome. I very rarely say this, but I enjoy how this game forces you to play with friends to make the game a little easier. In saying this, roles come into play. Whenever we play, we usually designate a farmer, blacksmith and builder, as these are the roles needed to quickly surpass the early game. I almost always play the farming role at the start as I enjoy seeing how a few seeds that you scraped up from the ground begin to become a vast farm that surrounds your town. Most of the other skill trees in the game also flourish in a similiar way, such as going from constructing chicken coops and shacks to beautiful multi-story houses and towering walls.During our time in Life Is Feudal, we rather quickly noticed the older aged community. We made many friends with people 20 or even 30 years older than us. The only major problem we had with the community was that some of the older folks (a lot, actually) disliked PvP and stuck to strictly PvE. This anti-PvP community here in Australia at least is quite worrying for the future of the game, as removing one of the main elements to a game like this makes it ever more boring. My group and I all enjoyed the threat of having some armed dudes try and take us down because they were worried that we would become powerful, and it would be great if one day we came across a server that didn't shun it. On the topic of PvP, the weapons and fighting in the game have come a far way, however I hope they do fix some little things in time for the MMO to avoid♥♥♥♥♥♥♥running about with no armor and bows just to get some easier kills.Overall I look forward to the MMO and would recommend that you buy this game when it goes on sale for the release, and remember, life is feudal.."
,Recommended,290080,27157286,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Anythralus,"Life is Feudal: Your Own is a very grueling, arduous, exausting game at first, it took me almost 15-20 hours of gameplay just to understand the BASICS (playing while listening to a youtube guide), and with more than 100h of gameplay i still doesn't know how to do ALOT of things ingame.Pros:Crazy variety of skills and its improvemants (artisan -> carpentry -> contruction -> masonry -> engineering/architecture | artisan -> mining -> smelting -> forging/armorsmithing/jewelry | nature's lore -> farming -> forestry -> advanced farming -> brewing/cooking/alchemy, etc etc)Outstanding medieval atmosphere, graphics plus soundtrack.Realistic Combat Theory, an audacious step by the devs, physics-inspired body control, special attacks following intuitive parry (the game even takes weapon's weight into account here) and blocking, combos and the legendary pounce to take the edge of a fencing battle, it's all there.Character progression is rewarding as anything, but it's a double-edged sword, cuz one of the things that makes that progression so rewarding is the constant feeling that you can lose everything upon death.Cons:This game is still in Early Access despite they took EA status away, unfinished in so many ways.Tiny variety of fauna and flora.Combat Theory is amazing but there's almost none opportunity to learn and improve it besides PvP (i tend to dislike PvP in survival games), cuz there's so few distinct wild animals (wolfs, boars and bears for the most part) which gets you bored/tired easily.Annoying character movement overall at first, but you get used to it.Almost none interaction with other players besides PvP and ""crafting together"".Death Penalty is the only thing that keeps me away from this game (normally i find this a pro but since i don't have much free time nowadays).Concluding Remarks:I often compare Life is Feudal with Wurm Online/Wurm Unlimited, they are almost the same game with the big difference of graphics ofc, same essence, but it's like you have much more purpose in investing time in Wurm, very few itens to craft overall in comparison, because of limited fauna you don't have much variety in the Animal Lore skill-tree (catch, breed and tame animals), because of limited flora you don't have much variety in the Nature's Lore skill-tree (herbalism, forestry, farming and alchemy), the list goes on and on in almost every aspect of the game, as i said LiF is still an Early Access game in my opinion.Finally, i would say LiF:YO is a game for people who have time to invest, because it's a very time-consuming game and it's learning curve is kinda grueling, and i must say (even that i know i'm giving a thumbs up) don't buy this game YET, let it improve, i would recommend you to buy Wurm Unlimited here (on a sale haha) to get used to this type of game, if you ""master"" Wurm Unlimited by the time you play LiF, it wouldn't be that time-consuming."
76561198032400100,Not Recommended,290080,12642376,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Darrin123100,this game is very fun but i can barely play it. I would love this game if it actually worked. I can start up the main screen but that is it. I sometimes can open up an actual game. I created a server for myself and i cant get back to it. This game seems like it could work for some people but it doesn't for me and from reading other reviews it doesn't work for half the people that have the game.
76561198054309757,Not Recommended,290080,31135978,Posted: 14 April,all,ian.silver67,"This is a single player review only ( for what should be only a multi-player game)Have you ever wondered what it would be like to start a life in the middle ages from scratch as a normal person? The answer to this question is.......it's a grind. An unbelievable, mind numbingly slow, boring, repetitive grind. This is though probably what life was like for Joe Bloggs average peasant 1000 years ago - you work hard, got nowhere then you died (of boredom).The problem for LIF:YO is it's not realistic enough to be a true medieval simulation (thank the gods) but it is realistic enough to be an abhorrent experience as a game.So a few good points:1. Stable, smooth, good FPS even on high settings, no stutters, no CTDs (I have an intel i7 quad core, 8GB RAM and a GTX860M)2. The character generation, while somewhat limited with your options provides a SUPER looking (and sometimes grotesque) character to play that also looks quite good in the game world.3. The building models - all of them - everything I built looks top notch, building material textures are well represented, your first house is a hovel and it really looks the part - it almost smells rotten to look at, wooden fences are rough rickety constructions that look like they will fall over in a strong wind just as you would expect as they were built by an untrained pleb using the most base of tools. I found this part of the game faultless.4. Placement system for the things you build is simple, efficient and intuitively easy to use.5. Skill and stat development is based on doing related stuff rather than just gaining exerience points then allocating skills. Want to improve your strength and become a good miner - shovel dirt around, LOTS of dirt and your strength goes up. Your intellect does nothing, but you get stronger.6. The number of 'workbenches' you have is enormous compared to many other games - LIF has furnaces, kilns, fires, drying racks, carpenter's benches, mortar & pestle, quern stones, beehives etc etc etc....dozens and dozens of things that each has a specialised use.7. The skill list and learnable 'technologies' is extensive and VERY rewarding when you actually gain access to some key workbench or process . The problem is the suicidal thoughts you are having from all the grinding you did to acquire that access and the knowledge you must grind a lot more to get access to the resource to put in that new bench.Now for the bad, and these are just a few typical issues:1.  Grind, grind, grind and then GRIND some more. It is truly unbelievable how bad the grinding is. I played with my development and speed settings at absolute max and after 25 hrs I have just learned how to operate a kiln and furnace...but I am still a ways off from producing my first iron nail ( I can't even identify iron ore yet) of which I need 45 to build a beehive. I haven't discovered bees yet though so  not sure what to do with an empty beehive!? I also still have no storage containers as they are far to technically advanced for me (it's the nails again you see...). An example of the grind is branches, a common resource available from every tree. After 20 hours or so you will have an idea of how to build a wicker fence of branches...you need 10...to get those 10 branches will take you about 1 minute of doing the repetivite 'harvest' action in front of a tree. You can tell your character to 'mass produce' so he/she will harvest branches from this tree until there are none left to take...super.....but you, the human, must sit in your chair and wait for 1 minute because your character cannot multi-task. Rinse repeat for everything. Some things are worse than others - searching for seeds to farm may require 5-6 minutes of rummaging in grassy map tiles to produce ... nothing ... while you the player just sit and wait. If I 'mass produce' plant fibers from a tile (the character will gather fibers until he/she runs out of stamina) I literally have time to go to the kitchen, make a coffee and come back with a few seconds to spare before my character finishes with an underwhelming 15-20 fibers.GRIND-this is the game's dominant feature.2. The interface is somewhat clunky requiring endless button pushing to access benches and regain control of the camera. The worst of the UI has to be the inventory though which doesn't use a slot system (pleasantly refreshing) however it means your big bag of stuff actually looks like a big bag of stuff full of different things - a confusing mess with things overlapping and sitting on top of other thing so you can't actually see what you've got, add to this the fact that things often don't auto stack(because quality differs) means it is a grind to manage it. You have to manually stack things together, manually move them around your bag so you can see what it is and trying to move a tiny item icon often results in you moving the inventroy pop-up window rather than the item you are trying to click on. Realistic but not fun.3. Building anything requires the proper tool and starts with 5-10 second building animation that lays the 'foundation frame' of whatever you want to build. Super. This animation plays even if you don't have the right tool equipped, after which you are told you don't have the right tool, must equip the tool and then sit through the animation again. Do this several hundred times and your will to live fades.4. The general learning curve is steep and requires great detailed information (eg . what temperature does your kiln need to be to fire clay roof tiles?) - you will spend an inordinate amount of time in the Wiki or searching for answers in Steam discussion threads for info that should be included in a pop-up for produced items.5. The game world is not great. It's a small (3kmx3km) map - that's ok in SP, you will spend all your time grinding in your immediate vicinity anyway. The map only has a couple of biomes - shorelines of beaches and lakes, flat sandy places, fine. There is a mountain, unremarkable, but again fine. Then there is forest - 90% of the map is forest with a few clearings and lots of rolling hills. It's a nice enough forest but certainly doesn't have a wow factor when you see it or walk through it. It is incredibly uniform to walk through - some parts are dominated by oak trees, some by elm, some has apple trees mixed in or pines or mulberries - a reasonable variety of trees that somehow all blur together to give you the feeling that this part of the map looks, sounds and feels exactly the same as that other part of the map I walked through 5 minutes ago which was the same as the forest on the other side of the island.6. Enviromental danger is pretty much zero unless you tread on a wild boar. There are no hostile NPC's anywhere aside from extremely rare boars, wolves and bears which don't move around much. You don't need water to live, food is abundant (you can just eat apples forever as far as I know without health issues), the weather and temperature are inconsequential. There is no sense of threat, danger or urgency, just the ever present call of the grind.7. It does some quirky frustrating things. I rage quit yesterday after spending 2 real world hours firing clay tiles in a kiln. I suddenly had a 'remove item' button appear on the kiln as one group of tiles looked like it was almost done - it was hard to see as the progress bar is miniscule - but they were still labelled as unfired clay tiles....take them out and have a look I thought. Nope, still unfired clay tiles in my inventory. Oh well, nearly finished...back in the kiln they go. Progress bar resets to zero meaning they have to be fired again for another 2+ real world hours.The negative list is longer, perhaps much of it can and will be addressed as EA progresses -but at the end of the day it's the grind. The game centres on and is built around grind. The kind of grind you come to mind because it forces you, the human, to sit and wait and wait and wait to accomplish.......squat."
,Recommended,290080,18290377,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Mike IceKidd (RektMike),"With nearly 2k hrs in game spread over 5 months out of the year since release I can say its been highly addicting. With so much to do from farming your crop to building your village you really do get a dynamic gameplay experience and if your into medieval themed combat, swords shields etc then you will like this game."
76561198110999078,Recommended,290080,18852932,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,borzol,One of the most interesting and fun games i ever played. Bare in mind its still in development. If you want to try this game DONT PLAY ON PVP SERVER. It will take you some time to learn this game and you wont be able to do that while you constantly being killed.
,Not Recommended,290080,12871589,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Fortus Victus,"I really want to recommend this game.  As a longtime fan of open sandbox games going back to MUDs I love hardcore sandbox action.  However good the idea though, don't think this one is going to be the next Ultima Online or EvE:online sans spaceships.You can read alot about the gameplay and unfinished state, but really the developer is small and needs funds to make anything happen.  I won't knock that.  I for one was willing to invest a few dollars in the idea.However upon playing for quite a long time it’s my honest opinion the game is structurally flawed.  Read that as I do not think their current engine and code is capable of being ported to an MMO framework and from what I have seen so far, I'm skeptical that it will even be stable as a Minecraft style dedicated server game - EVER.Many others have detailed problems so far, but I can say that this game currently (NOV2014) does not support most video cards and you will spend around 5-10 minutes loading into most servers only to have no sound and quite probably crash within 1 minute of dropping in.  This has something to do with the terraforming and other stuff I know nothing about.This is not the review I want to leave.  I love the idea.  Hope this company can make it happen, or another larger developer can buy it and make it what it should be.  There is a demand for hardcore sandbox action in this environment and as an MMO it can be profitable for decades, just look at the EVE:Online model that has thrived even with internet spaceships which turns alot of hardcore RPG'rs off.  But cannot recommend this game now and unlikely will for quite some time going forward."
,Recommended,290080,16889270,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,flemga,"The Crafting and construction system is INSANE! hours and hours... and hours of fun, have not tried combat as yet, and playing on a PVE server, teaming up and helping each other out is very gratifying - if that is your ting! :-) Loads of potential, all though currently still a bit rough and bugy.. cant wait for the DX11 implementation! I'm off to go clean my chicken coops... need that poop man, my farming fields are hungry for poop.. ;-) …. yes.... poop."
,Recommended,290080,14299478,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Timhimself03,This Game is almost too much to take in even for the moest experenced mmo player. you will be watching videos and reading up on how to do and find everything. It looks great but this game is really for friends lots of them most task would take hours unless you split it up 2-3 ways. Combat sucks but i guess thats not why we all bought this. This is more for minecraft fans rather then day z fans. Its rust for the inteligant user. 40 bucks is alot to spend considering the learning curve.3/10 solo 8/10 co-op ( if you have friends willing to spend 40 bucks )
76561198050663993,Not Recommended,290080,12733153,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Ken,"MMO??? Seriously? Don't buy this game! Bit box just wanted our money to make another game: ""Life is Feudal MMO"". They will not invest on this game. It will have just a 3x3km world at all and forever. I did not buy a MMO and I do not have interest on it."
,Not Recommended,290080,25379495,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Coe,"Another ""epic indie game"" that still has YEARS of development needed before It is anywhere near to being a finished product. Instead of putting these said years in to polish said game, the devs decided to release this turd and now following close to a year later to It's ""release"", It still remains riddled with bugs, unfinished features, pÎss-poor performance and overall bad & lacking design as updates for it has dwindled to nothing but the occasional hotfixes that bring no context to the game's design.Buyers of this were also promised to have automated access to one of their planned MMO's but even today, that game remains to be nowhere in sight and instead of focusing their attention to actually creating it, the developers have instead gone out of their way to fart out a Banished clone that noone asked for:http://store.steampowered.com/app/496460/Stay away from every ""game"" these devs put out if you value your money."
76561197971432165,Recommended,290080,19062013,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Darreus (Amarlia),i gotta say this is in my top 3 fav video games ive ever played. ive been playing for over a month every day straight i cant recommend this game more. it takes time to actually do stuff so you have to have patience but man does it pay off. you can check out my steam pics of it if you like.
76561197994830695,Recommended,290080,19692354,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Admiral Doughnuts,"This game is all about long and deeply involved construction and crafting processes.  It requires teamwork and patience, if you do not have these traits you will not enjoy this game.  However, if you do, this game will be horribly addicting after you find a group to work with.There are still a large number of game breaking bugs in the game, and while I understand the developer's choice to pull the game out of early access, it wasn't ready.  What works, works great.  What doesn't, well...If I hadn't spent 200 hours in the past 2 weeks on this game I'd probably be more willing to give it a negative review, it's just so damn addicting.7/12/17:  This game is very obviously made by an economist, because of how poor of a job the development staff does at translating their ideas to paper.  Jokes aside, having tried playing this again for the first time in maybe a year or 2 it is definitely making progress.  The biggest progress I saw was: It actually runs well now!Kind of cheesy but honestly I see that as a major step forward.  That means the developers are focusing on the nit and grit of the game and making it a real thing.  People talk about how few the updates are, but honestly the game constantly is changed with the intention of sometimes completely overhauling it.  You can say that any given update breaks the game, which a lot do... but having been here since the directx 9 version I can say overall the game is massively improved.  People say the mmo is stealing all of the progress, but honestly I think they're just focused on trying to make a really good game instead of a fun game.I have friends with over 1000, 2800 and 3800 hours in this game.  While it's true you sometimes leave the game running while your character rests or collects resources, that at most accounts for maybe 15% of total ""play time."""
76561198042584698,Not Recommended,290080,12729950,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,⊰fa'agāoioi⊱ ™,"After hours of working on a small village. game crashed village lost, and I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥as hours of my life have been wasted. Wasn't even fun to knock down trees and gett harrassed by the local wolf that took the entire village to shoo away."
,Recommended,290080,12160158,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Cramat,"Life is Feudal: Your Own is a incredibly interesting game, in particular in regards to gameplay and multiplayer. This is something personal, but in my eyes it is the most promising indie game for all of 2014 and the first half of 2015.However, everyone who is thinking about purchasing this game should weigh pro's and con's and decide for himself/herself if he/she really wants to have this game, since the complexity of some game mechanics and the large amount of time you need to devote to achieve a decent understanding of the game, probably scare a lot of people off only after a few minutes of playing the game.For those who absolutely adore games that need some time to get used to and to get started, this is for you. Unlike in a few other games, such as the infamous 'The Stomping Land', the building is not restricted to only a few buildings and objects, but it takes quite some time to reach the stage of actually constructing something big, so if you look for a game where you can build a castle within ten hours, then you are wrong with LiF:YO.I would also highly recommend only to play with a few friends, the more the better, as the unique skill system prevents one individual from learning all the skills that are out there, meaning that specializing on a skill tree (e.g. logging or terraforming), as the max cap of skill point will only be enough to absolutely maximize one skill tree.In general this game is great fun when you are with other people, but it is only a glimpse at the size and massiveness that LiF:MMO will bring in the third quarter of 2015."
76561198122575666,Recommended,290080,19096085,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,breakingbooch </Jag\>,"this is a great, game it has its bugs and a few issues but it is an early access game and would not expect it not to"
76561198025219855,Recommended,290080,19079369,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,NeuroticZx,"Good game, buy it peasants!"
76561197963230584,Recommended,290080,12197615,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,[ST] Marku,"I strongly recommend this early alpha game to people who love to work with other players to build buildings, grow crops, blacksmithing etc .  Ignore the crashing whiners, many of those crashes were fixed in the sunday patch. Come to london 5 server, we have our own town called Moosetown SW on the main island where its boot shaped like italy."
76561197960281570,Not Recommended,290080,33989034,Posted: 3 August,all,Combat Gorge,"This game seems to be the beta for a MMO version release (sarcasm implied), though this is the first time I've been charged to fund a project that wasn't the game I bought. The game really had some promise too if you could get past the skill grind just to learn how to make a stone wall. Damn shame, do not purchase."
76561198022284264,Recommended,290080,12156411,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Captain Obvious,"This game looks at awesome in the rear view mirror. A definite 10/10, especially considering the development status. I started playing with some friends right after the release and did not stop for 11 hours. Especially the terra forming and the crafting skill line work great. Just make sure to join some other people and work together.EDIT 09/30/14:About 120 hours into the game it's still keeping its promises. The possibilities are endless and I can't wait to experience the new content as it's being made available.My only advise: find some guys who share your idea of gaming experience. When you are the only one hwo's dreaming about building a castle while the rest of your group wants to battle each other, you'll probably spend your days shoveling dirt without big results. If there are 10 more like you, then you'll be urprised what can be achieved in a couple of hours."
,Recommended,290080,19832594,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Crimea River,"This game is basically living life as a medieval person. It involves doing some boring♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the grind can be a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ But after sitting at your desk for 12 hours, realizing you need to eat and hydrate in real life, you get the satisfying feeling of seeing your village slowly build due to the hard work you and a few friends have put into it.This game is one of the most rewarding and feudal games I have played, and you will become attached to the things you build. If you don't mind grinding a bit to get the things want done, this game is definitly for you. The next level of basically living life but not actually doing anything other than sit in front of your computer all day. I truly love this game."
,Recommended,290080,19053547,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Legerity,"Great sand-box multiplayer game. With a overall great community and interesting and engaging building/ crafting mechanics. Easy to learn and very hard to master. If you like medieval times, and working for what you get I recommend this game.If you are the type of player that wants to run around killing people without putting any time in, I would recommend you look else were. Not to say your play style is not welcomed, but game mechanics make players wait days, and weeks before they can craft their first sword. After that you have to wait a few weeks before you can actually use any good gear. Simply put if you want things to be done instantaneous you will not enjoy this game. It is very slow paced, but personally I like that aspect.If you enjoy making friends, and working together with other people, or to role-play heavily then I would recommend this game. The game mechanics forces players to work together to create any mid to end game buildings or gear. All skill trades intersect with each other, and all of them need each other's help. Because of this set up you will have to group up or trade if you want to create end game gear.devs are very good about updates (even if they fall behind) and are constantly listening to feed back and improving the core mechanics. The game is a bit expensive but I believe that it is worth every dollar.Update after relise. Nothing much changed"
,Recommended,290080,22707033,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Highlander,"I have played this game since the original alpha-- and i gotta say its great and just gets better! It can be both exciting and relaxing in turns. It is sort of....Rust, meets base building, meets Knights of Chivalry.Pros:Constantly being patched with fixes, updates, additions, and improvements - (game has come a LONG way from alpha)Good controlsNice graphicsdecent background musicnice character creationthe ability to build just about any kind of structure, regardlless of shape or size.deep crafting systemdeep skill systemgreat terraformingfarming, fishing, hunting, and taming of a large variety of wildlifeSeasons changeRP mods availablethe ability to host your own server - w/ customizable settings for just about everything from trees, to skills, to animalsAnd....-- It was mentioned at some point if you buy this game before the MMO launches you might get a copy of the MMO for free!Cons:No party system - you cant see your friends on the map (better be good at giving directions!)People who skip the tutorial and dont have anyone to teach them how to play are gonna have a bit of a learning curve"
76561197986169017,Recommended,290080,17957186,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Stern,"The game is clearly still in early alpha but even so there are a lot of solid game mechanics. The multiplayer is what really makes this game, the ability to group up with friends on your own personal server and to then start your own little village is really fun.There are multiple professions for you to pick and choose from. The range from farming, to mining or to even hunting. If you can think of a profession that is vital to a Medieval village then, it is in there.There are a few headscratching moments like having to learn how to wear leather armour before being able to use a bow. I don't really understand that to be perfectly honest. If it wasn't for one of my friends being a tanner then I'd never be able to become a Archer.Overall, the game has a long way to go before it meets it's goal but with buying this game in early access, you're supporting the devs in reaching that goal."
,Not Recommended,290080,12595563,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Xternal,"I've never felt the urge to write a review but after purchasing this game it's quite necesarry. When you watch the demo videos like I did with my friends, you might think ""Damn! that looks really cool looks like a lot of content."" But upon installing the game and running it you'll realize you were the victim of false advertising. To Charge 39.99 for this Alpha is criminal, the game has barely any functioning content and still has a LONG WAY to go before it's really in a true Alpha. Wish I could honestly get a refund for this game, waste of money and a scam."
,Recommended,290080,17076471,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Dr Ianaisley,"The game is overall great. Some people dislike this game because they do not have time. This game you need time to build, farm etc. I would recommend this game because of the contant in-game the game is great because of medieval multiplayer. People are rating this game bad, but at the end of the day its in (Early Access). I love the fact you can smelte, forge, farm, animals breeding and much more!7.8/10 So far and there is more to come!!!"
,Recommended,290080,14478971,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Scarsbane,"Remember:- life is feudal!Positives:- LiF:YO caters to a wide range of interests.  Ever wanted to be a town planner in medieval Europe?  Love farming simulation but kinda feel like a cheat sitting in a John Deere?  Fascinated by the history of feudal times and want to live it just a little?  Know the theories of Marx, Durkheim, and Weber and are interested in the sociological concepts of individualism and collectivism and want to try living in an age with a whole other mindset?  Or just love gearing up in metal stuff and hitting people with swords?  You will enjoy this game.Negatives:- This is where it gets hard.  Having played over 1000 hours before making this review.  just about all the things that I would have seen as a negative have improved or been fixed altogether.  The dev team has been brilliant, and if they keep delivering like they have, LiF:YO will go from being a great Alpha to a fantastic release.  Anyone who wrote a review not recommending the game essentially because it is Alpha should do the honest thing and try the game out again, then adjust their review if the problems they experienced have lessened or gone away.Gameplay:-  The most important thing to get right playing this game is to play it with other people.  Seriously.  If I had a thin leather for every player I've seen try to solo this game, and after a day or three depart forever leaving nothing but a tiny plaster shack, a furnace, and some unfinished wattle fencing, I'd have enough to armor 100 novice archers.  Remember, life is feudal.  In feudal times the average serf lived within spitting distance of at least a dozen other average serfs.  ""Ah!"" I hear you say; ""serfing isn't for me, I'll be a Lord or at least someone rich enough to own flanged mace!"".  Sure, in which case you'll need to be around even more people.  Coz heres the thing ok, Life is Feudal is about feudal life.  You ain't going to build any legends or awesome stories on your own.  Join a community, build a community, invite your friends, make new ones, whatever it takes, play this game with as many other people as you can.What could be improved:-  We're still waiting on a number of important features to be added, but LiF developers have been consistent in delivering updates and have issued a time frame for key updates to come.  In terms of adding to gameplay, all I'd suggest is added variation to life events.  Given there is no specific end game, interest in the game comes through experiencing different things.  Therefore the game is improved through increased variation of features and of random events.  Weather could have more influence on a range of gameplay aspects, illness (and alchemical medicines) could be introduced, random OP animals, NPCs in distress, custom weapons crafting, random disasters, and above all anything that enhances group-oriented and co-dependent play.  Why is there no specific end game?  Because this is about life... is... feudal, remember?"
,Recommended,290080,19122105,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Once a Cheater Always a Cheater,"Definitly the best RPG/Medieval sandbox out there. If you enjoy team orientated survival games, this game will not dissapoint you!"
76561198092302543,Recommended,290080,14675667,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,=[URT]CAPITANIO,"Hi there,It is my first review and i'm very hapy in writing this.i'd like to apologise if there is any bad writing because i'm Brasilian and my english is not that good.First of all, this game is one of the best i have ever played, even in early alpha, why?because you are totaly free to do what you want, when you want and how you want, and all this in a Multiplayer bases, with real players who you can talk and discuss and share duties.when i play i fell like i'm in a real second feudal life.of course there is a lot of bugs and unfinished stuff, but what already exists is very well done, i'd chnge some things, but it do not means i do not like playng the way it is now. just one thing i'd realy love to see in this game, naval enginering with feudal naval battles, ofshore sea fishing and fast naval transportation of goods and soldiers. i dream if this game could do that."
,Recommended,290080,19037421,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Ron Brrgundy,"It was a long time since I played ut I can definatley say it has come along way for the better. every community has people that dont like the game this one isnt impervius to t but i think those people are of a narrow mind in my opinion. the best things are the things you give a chance to come nto there own. I p[ayed if for a little bt in early alpha phase and decided that there were nough people involved that my opiniion wouldnt matter too much, as I dont have a ton of time t game ut all the time consistantly like some people. I think this version of Life is feudal is worth a buy just as much as the upcoming MMO. the reason why I like the Life is Feudal your own, is because most of the servers are Community run by players and its a very cool Experience. If you ike medievil Roleplay and really dont ike games that are too easy then get LIF YO its a good buy with hundereds of hours of gameplay and if you stream or love roleplay in general this game s for you, you can do so much you can be anything you like. you can be the sole provider of materials that everyone needs for there buildings the opprotuines are endless in my opinion and the first chance I get ill be streaming it again. Hoping to get a f3w copies for giveaways so anyone reading ths review is more then welcome to come take a look at my twtch channel and give a follow to be eligable for any giveaway you must follow :). my twitch iswww.twitch.tv/IconiKRonhope i can find a really god server for when the big update happens cant wait to stream it :)"
,Recommended,290080,18447133,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,imPyre,"I enjoy ARK, minecraft, KSP, and Neverwinter. (Just to give you an idea of my preferences.)This game *does* have some bugs remaining. I had some sort of memory leak (or other compouning problem) and sound issues after playing for awhile. It became unbearable after something like 5 or 6 hours (but my system is pretty high-quality, so your mileage may vary). However, a simple restart of the game solved the problem and only took a minute. This is not game-breaking.I love this game... but it won't be for everyone.Some things to note:A) Most servers use conservative server settings that are pretty close to default.B) At default settings, things in this game can take a long time and a lot of effort to achieve. You'll have to earn it.C) With default settings, you almost cannot survive alone. (Farming/nature lore can both allow you to forage for food, but cooking requires multiple skill sets that will almost undoubtedly require multiple participants. If you plan on jumping into the game with no friends to help you and with no idea what you're doing... you will probably fail.D) Some servers have much more newb-friendly settings... look for high level/stat caps and high resource gather multipliers/exp multipliers.E) Part of the appeal of this game *IS* the fact that it takes so much effort to be successful... reaching a milestone can be very rewarding. I'm looking forward to getting my first shack built.F) There's a lot to learn about this game, the wiki is your friend.G) Something that I had to find out through experience and lots of looking online: Many abilities require advanced skills with a skill level of 0... but they must still be unlocked to be used, and many require lots of skill levels in a prerequisite skill to be unlocked. IE: cutting billets for cooking fuel requires lvl 0 carpentry, but carpentry doesn't unlock until lvl 60 logging.H) Working with terrain is tedious and very time consuming... don't plan on getting in here and levelling mountains like in minecraft... you'll be digging the rest of your life... it's just implausible.I) The skill system is very detailed and random events can occur. I cut my hand while trying to forage and it bled for like 10 minutes. Not life threatening... but interesting. This game feels kindof like Neverwinter or D&D meets ARK set in medieval times.J) There's no magic (although prayer can have supernatural effects [including teleportation]).So far this is just a description of the main points of the game as I see it at the moment.Now for the good and bad.GOOD:-Devs are pretty active.-Plenty of servers with a variety of settings.-Very playable, few bugs.-Very unique.-Highly replayable. (partly because of how limited you usually are in character development)-Very conducive to roleplay. (Though it's often not required/expected)-The music. (I love it, totally my own opinion)BAD:-A little expensive for an alpha game.-Graphics are very mix-n-match. (IE: character model looks amazing, but the hair models look atrocious... kinda weird)-I love the focus on team-play... however, there *needs* to be a single skill set that will allow you to survive in the wilderness on your own. Sure, you won't be eating cake... and it's likely you'll spend most of your time hunting/fishing/gathering to support yourself... but it seems unrealistic that you can't have a single survival skill that enables you to build a simple campfire, hunt/fish, and grill up a bit of dinner. This could also make for a new skill tree leading into ""scouting"" skills."
76561198020051016,Not Recommended,290080,34299828,Posted: 16 August,all,Steinaar,"I was an original fan boy for this game, I really enjoyed it at one point in time. That has faded so quickly as this game has just progressively gotten worse over time. Everything in Life is Feudal, what the game is, what it has become...it's a nightmare. To think I convinced many to buy this game and even purchased for a friend.To see what it is now, it's a real shame. I strongly feel these developers intentionally hate people in general and are out to make their lifes miserable by playing this game now days. Everything has become ten folds more difficult, not in a harder way, but in a sense of stupidness that sucks the very life out of what this game was and could very well be.I tried straying away and just let the developers have more time but what they did with that time has been god awful. The game now takes, in real life days, on some servers one week on others one month..are you for real? Horse carts an original idea and the community was begging for, still not even in the game, I don't care how close you claim they are, it's not implemented yet.Skill tree is a messCombat has slightly improvedLack of any changes or content over years of development timeEverything has crossed the line of difficult to unreal and not funI really don't even want to finish writing up this review, I am so displeased, disappointed, just let down :/Stay away from this game, this company, these developers, and save yourself some grace.I really tried waiting on this one, I was such a fan, but now I am telling myself to forget the entire experience and if I had anything worth while to say or tell you from my experiences it's that you should not purchase or play this game.Good luck fellow gamers, I hope you find something more worth while for you to play and enjoy with the free time you have."
76561198060590999,Recommended,290080,16190885,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Torston_Snow,"This game is very fun if your into role play, however the game is also very grinding and boring at times. Combat is a bit like mount and blade combat just a litte less polished. again if your into role play it can be extremley fun to find a role play server join a guild, kingdom, village ect. and play the game. Hope this review helped someone"
,Recommended,290080,27434700,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Elkiiins,hours and hours needed to play this game
76561198027083929,Not Recommended,290080,19147077,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Sammy West,"Well playing this game around 6 to 8 months ago for around 40 hours, i loved the game. The problems I see right now are:1. The biggest and most annoying one is GUI glitches. It makes your character wig out,trees look like there circling your screen along with grass, and your game crashes for noreason because of optimization issues.2. You can't seem to stay in a server more than 10 minutes with out crashing for some reason.It just won't keep you connected.3. Developers released it before it was ready. The really need to fix the graphics and stability beforethey should consider this a released game. They really need to get a beta test going for stability patches.Out side of those 3 major issues I've encountered, the game is great. However they really need to step up thereoptimization before getting there mmo out. I would hate to see that mmo version littered with the current bugs on the private servers ruin it before it even got a chance to get off the ground.As of right now, I can't reccomend this game. As I've seen others state, im kind of annoyed at the way there putting this game on sale. It is a disrespectful way to advertise because the testers have actually put in time and money into this game."
,Recommended,290080,24404406,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,UndeadNecro,"I've been following and playing this game for quite some time now and it has certainly come a long way fromwhen I first saw it.With Alpha and Beta testing for the MMO server happening, this games final iteration is quickly closing in but I'm more than certain it's not the last.It's the first survival crafting game I've seen that takes the right approach to encourage cooperation.Just throwing zombies everywhere and a food and drink meter isn't enough, Rust or Dayz is a prime example of that.Sure it is technically feasible to build everything on your own, at a very basic level. The skill system makes it so that you can only become proficient enough in only a small handful of professions, trying to master all is impossible and will make you lose skill in others. This makes it so that everyone who plays can pick their role and that role will be valueable and needed. You then go find others with different skills, you work together, build together, fight together, survive. Eventually you get yourself a nice little village going and attract more people, it just goes on from there.Arbitrary rating 7/10This version is technically for private servers, the devs true vision is seeing this at an MMORPG scale."
,Recommended,290080,14427673,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Beer,"Just a couple simple notes in this game. Great concept, fun online multiplayer and pvp experience, But if you're looking for a quick game to jump into to reck some souls and take thier hard-earned gear think again: They earned the gear and you will usually die to it unless you have earned yours. This game is a huge time pit, the crafting is amazing, and in depth. It also requires many many hours of it. All in all I definately like the game and am super curious on where it will go as it is in early access. 1 out of 10 I give this a solid 8.6"
76561198088725546,Recommended,290080,17618987,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,[501st] AC/DC,"Excellent game, it has a lot of unique features, it is extremely hard to get anything done in game without having a friend or 2 since you cant learn all the skills on the tech tree on one character. The game is somewhat unoptimized and using a older game engine and because of this does not look really all that amazing. But visuals dont count as much as the amount of fun that you have while playing the game. I would recommend this title to anyone who likes a time consuming and indepth medieval life simulator. If they had used unity as the game engine then this game would have been totally ruined so i will settle with the subpar visuals it has for the better netcode."
,Not Recommended,290080,12683517,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Rolfy,This game has potential but at the moment its buggy and laggy. So far its not worth the money
76561198125948984,Recommended,290080,23138754,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,|D12|Duke,dig a holebuild a housetame a horsecatch a rabbitfight a randomhelp a randomThe title definitely lives up to the gameplay :)
76561198201677650,Recommended,290080,19155209,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Dovganofkaos,"If you want an in depth experience with an incredibly deep crafting system, this game is for you. If you are looking for a quick fix, easy to play, low commitment game, then you are probably looking in the wrong place.Not sure why there are negative reviews popping up for this game during release. Are there issues? From what I have seen online, sure. Are the developers working to fix these issues, absolutely, just go take a peek at the news feed. I must be one of the extremely lucky ones that is only having a few minor texture issues, and the developer is aware of that and is working on that as well.This game is one of the best looking, most in depth games I have come across in a long while, and I'm extremely happy I stumbled upon it. If you are concerned about the issues they are having at launch, just keep an eye on the news feed and they will let you know when they have come upon a fix for them. Other than that, this developer is actually listening to the community and working on player suggestions to add to an already pretty amazing game.The reality is, this was an early access game that made it to release, and that in itself is a rare and amazing thing, Bitbox should be commended for the time and effort they have and continue to put into a game that they are clearly as passionate about as a lot of the people who play it are."
76561198019821686,Recommended,290080,17924000,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Stew,Love the game! It has tons of bugs and needs some work still but one of the best crafting systems i have seen in a game in a long time. Reminds me of when RUST first came out and was good but with a better crafting system. Well worth the money I think.
,Recommended,290080,19084976,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,MadMax,Great Game. Minecraft meets Chivalry with great graphics. If you love crafting and sandbox games this one is a gem. I liked it so much I played it for 2 days then rented my own server!
,Recommended,290080,17647551,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Fletchr,Very in-depth game from everything from building to farming. You can be any class or profession you want and is an overall very fun game to play with friends!
,Recommended,290080,18950309,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,FunnellRLY,This is a community based game. I doubt you will have fun playing on your own. Get youself into an estabslished group or make your own with friends but help is required if fun is the goal.With full release comming within the month the games DX11 reviews should but null and void. Worth picking up if you are going to be dedicated to putting in the time for a truly full filling survival/combat game.
,Recommended,290080,13715372,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,skeet,Tokk three hours to make an anvil and forge.Made a shack.Made chainmail armor that I can't use.Somebody stole my stuff and logged off.Killed a pig with a pitchfork.Wiped out the surrounding forest.Made walls.Survived off of 40 apples this whole time.10/10 Would spend 5 hours to set up a base again.
76561198065109732,Not Recommended,290080,31614363,Posted: 7 May,all,[AbN] Hydro,"Do not buy this game, i have gotten it in 2014 thinking that the game might make it. Come to find out a couple weeks later they posted that insted of finishing the game we had been supporting that they were taking our money and making an mmo out of it. Ok cool, but hardly any of us that have had the game forawhile now and  that help kick start the game and green light it, have gotten a beta key for the mmo. But as kickstarter supporters we can purchase our way into it..... This company will snatch and grab ur money, there is no way they will make it out of beta or a full release on the mmo, do not buy this game wait to see if it makes it, they just want ur money."
76561198042983041,Recommended,290080,20673779,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Paladin Viktor,"The best Survival RPG I've played in years. If you can fight past some minor bugs (which the admin is always happy to help you get past) then this game is an easy 9/10 in my book. Down to the awesome community, to the very in depth crafting system with items having a quality. This game can be a bit ""Grindy"" in a sense nothing comes quickly, but this is a good thing. It keep the toxic younger community away. Death is something that isn't taken lightly, punishing criminals (PKers) with much higher skill loses, in a game where skill can be very hard to earn. Learning this game on your own is challenging, since there is almost no in game tutorials, so look for someone to settle with if your new and maybe they'll show you the ropes if you approach kindly."
76561198017746574,Recommended,290080,12913188,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Remy,"So, i've been playing Life is Feudal for about 100 hours on a dedicated server. i want to start by saying how surprised i am to read so many bad reviews. This is the most extensive detailed and feature full survival game i have ever played. I have played all of them. that said i hope to see the community grow and for people to give the game a chance. there were a few points where i just wanted to give up because every takes so long and when you think your getting somewhere you realize you have so much work to do yet. but it's rewarding as hell. i can hop on to a rust server and have everything in the game in about 1 hour. lol. this is laughable compaired to LIF. if you like instant gratification this game is not for you. if you like a world that is truley crafted by you and the other players and want to work for what you get in the game, it's for you..."
76561198102942091,Not Recommended,290080,31500622,Posted: 1 May,all,zamparellic,"I really want to give this a thumbs up, I mean really badly. Yet alas, I can't bring myself to due to 2 glaring issues that ruin the experience. Now I love the game mechanics, but the building is so unintuitive and muddled. After playing games like The Forest, Osiris: New Dawn and Reign of Kings, I have a certain expectation from the building mechanics in the survival games and this game makes it so irritating. The fact thhat I have to look up the wiki to know what I need to build stuff is sad. Also, the lack of NPC bandits and settlements destroys it for me. Look, I get it, some of you just want to be left alone to build in peace, which is fine, but God so many of us WISH we had NPC's for this game. A perfect solution would be to just add an option when you create a world to either have just animals, animals and bandits/settlers, or nothig at all. I mean if you want your own world, why even have weapons, armor, and freaking formations at all? Some of the greatest fun I had from The Forest were fromk times when our mountain fortress was laid seige by the native cannibals for 4 days and 3 nights, but sadly the only way to get a story like that, I HAVE to have the server public or play MMO LiF, neither of which I want to do, and many others out there agree. If those 2 things can be resolved, it's a 100% thumbs up, but as of right now it's too frustrating and dull."
76561198228577960,Not Recommended,290080,31635330,Posted: 8 May,all,DaffyPwnz,"Do not buy this game.I purchased this game over 2 years ago, yes I knew it was pre release, but still.... two years later and the MMO version is still not available. There is a PINNED notice under news on their community hub from december 2016 saying that 2 beta test waves were going to be held within a few weeks of eachother and that a few weeks after that, the online version of this game would become available to all who own the game.Now, 9th of May 2017, no less than 20 weeks after this was posted, the game is still not available online. Blizzard, as useless as they are, take less time to release a game and its first expansion ...I also agree that, even though I love the concept of this game, it is an immense grind, hours of terraforming to build a sh...itty little shack that you cant actually interact with, and you can barely put a bed or a chest in. Even if you do manage to build a chest, items decay away and if the chest decays away and disappears, so does EVERYTHING inside.So what could have, and I guess still could be, a brilliant mmo, is really behind the eightball when it comes to progression. This game cost me $35US (about $50 australian) and so far, apart from a few hours of fun, has only given me over 200 hours of grind and no real online experience in over 2 years.So I end this small review by simply repeating .... DO NOT BUY THIS GAME .... (at least until they actually release an online version, and then, only if your ready to grind from the minute you start playing)"
,Recommended,290080,17858741,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Maddening,"This game takes a lot of patience. Don't buy it if you aren't prepared to put time and effort into learning the complex crafting and combat system. The wiki does a fairly good job of helping you to understand the game more. All in all, I have spent 1000 hours of my life playing this game. I love the free build system, love the Guild Claims and thankful I can actaually play a female character now instead of only being able to play Baldy.This game can be confusing as hell when you first start, and it takes a little while to get used to the grind. Definitely a game to play with a guild rather than alone if you want to get anywhere with it. Love the communities that grow on the servers. Would recommend this game to anyone that doesn't mind a couple of annoying bugs and wants to have fun working things out and muck around with mates."
76561198023695074,Recommended,290080,14444713,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Chocomel,If you love building a village with a group of people from the ground up then this game is a must. At the same time you will have to deal with other players and things like resource scarcity. If you want to survive you have to Roleplay for no one can survive alone and everybody needs friends in case of war. All in all this game gives you a real medieval feeling.
76561198037210731,Recommended,290080,12158776,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Diglosgr,this  game when it get out of beta the best MMO game since it has all of this its price its very low for game like this 10/10for the gamers that says that it doesnt worth it check this website the first sentence onlyhttp://lifeisfeudal.com/LiFYO#compare
76561198047860956,Not Recommended,290080,16198126,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,ScrubbingBubbles,I think the game has a lot of potential but I put quite a few hours in and didn't get very far. My biggest complaint is the lack of players and npcs make the game seem very empty. I spent most of the time I played it in solitude. I think the game can be really great if they can deal with the feel of isolation. NPC villages and wild animals I think would be a great improvement. I liked the crafting system and the realism but there needs to be more interaction with things other than the enviroment. I'd be willing to try it again once its released.
76561198046255447,Recommended,290080,18553629,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,That Silver Tongued Bastard,"Allow me to Give you a scenario I played through once on An Rp server I usually play on.My first day on that server Went a little like this:Spawn inRun around and get the lay of the landLook for a group to take me insell myself into indentured servitudeBecome a rock SlaveShaped about 100-200 Granite Blockstrained to become a spear man♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the Ingame Mafia (Worst Mistake ever)Got Knocked outGot Dragged to the Mafia's baseTortured for about 2 hoursBurried aliveSold Into SlaveryNow Im a Logging SlaveDeforested an Entire Forest for Logs to build a Dam Palisade FortressBecame a Freeman.this was my first Day, and it was amazingly Brutal.The Community is really good if you find the right server. And Ultimately You learn to love this game even if it is at times really unstable. You see I have never expereinced such an amazing amount of Rp and Actual Medival (I know I spelled it wrong) life.10/10 Would Be Enslaved Again"
,Recommended,290080,12184224,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Herger Joyous,"Crash report simulator 2014. 11/10 Would crash again!Seriously though inbetween crashes this game play is magic. The combat can be a little frustraiting at first, but we are not here to keeeeel each other yet. I wish there was more freedom with crafting. So far everything I have made been prebuilt. Plaster house  you put down in location and fill with materials to construct it. Also good luck getting the land flat when you do plat your house. It's just annoying to level the ground to build. (NOTE: NO ACTUAL MAGIC EXISTS IN THE GAME)  Worth the price tag IMO."
,Recommended,290080,19042825,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Sebasgt1,"Ver nice idea, however if you are into simple multiplayer games this is not your game; I love this game but it is too complex for me and lvl grinding is awful."
76561197995260770,Recommended,290080,31873594,Posted: 20 May,all,Dlihcerog,"A decent survival game with deep mechanics.The learning curve is steep but gives you as sandbox that is fun to play in and challenges you.Cons: Everything takes a long time, the game can be quite grindy."
76561197972889732,Not Recommended,290080,16236513,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,SMASH,"For those who always complain about critical reviews on Alphas need to understand that after a year.. An Alpha should be well and truly into beta, thanks to Alpha Participation and feedback.this game hasnt moved forward at all really, which is difficult to understand why.the games rate of play is likened to watching paint dry.if you plan to play the game alone, Id avoid at all costs and look elswhere.. this game is for large clans, as a simple wooden hut can take several hours to erect even with 10-15 players helping."
,Recommended,290080,18607766,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,pacifichero45,"I've put a lot of hour into this game on different servers, I recommend this game to people who like to create different structures and idea.  Use your imagination, this game is time consuming but worth it.  Lots of bugs but thats the point of alpha testing and it updates often.  The game is close to launching so hurry up and buy it!"
,Recommended,290080,18992372,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Sirisma,"I've played plenty of survival games in my time, and this is hands down my favorite.The overall feel of a server's community entirely revolves around human nature. Some people want to be barbarians, some want to be bandits, a lot more just want to coexist. In the end, your experiences depend on which you choose.Barbarians (people who run around naked screaming obscenities ad decapitating deer) tend to add a bit of comedic relief to the trying environment that is LiF, but may also come and burn your house down and steal your chickens.Bandits come in two flavors. They either roleplay and hold you up much like a common highwayman, or run around in packs of 4+ and just kill some poor naked ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ under the illusion that they have gear worth taking.Coexisting countrymen constantly care for each other like cousins. The core concept is to cooperate in a calculated campaign of carpentry, construction, calipers, and cooking. This competing collection of corroborative characters can, and commonly do, cause caustious- ok enough with the alliteration.tl;dr If you aren't a bard or bandit you typicaly form a group and make friends through helping each other build a small settlement. If you are like me, you tend to do this with around 15 other people, the majority of which are on Teamspeak. The few times you get attacked either end in everyone dying or some lone wannabe bandit getting chased off by a dozen angry, heavily-armed and armoured peasants weilding the fruits of their labor as weapons of death.To be fair, i have had my troubles wanting to play this game but this is for personal reasons. I can not handle stress due to a medical condition I have. This being said, you will stress a lot in this game. (Is that naked man on a horse really a bandit with his armour deequipped to lull us into a false sense of security, or is he some scrub fresh spawn that got lucky and found a horse already?) These are the questions that can get people killed, or get people killed. It is very rare for most people to trust one another on a server with known bandits and barbarians as they recruit more as the server grows. In the end though, this game is a delight to have in my steam library and I'm happy to have spent $40 on it.Please read the comments to get a more updated look at my experience with the game as it develops."
,Recommended,290080,19058480,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Hashpoo,Finally a life worth living!
76561198048377774,Recommended,290080,19054873,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,123,"This game is very interesting. While yes it is one of those ""survival sandbox"" games which has (until 4 days after this review) been in early access, it is also one of the most original and expansive of those on offer.The game itself has managed a wonderful feeling of immersion in its own world/lore. When you play it you can be quite content with the feeling of actually being in the world your character is surrounded by. I will now break this review down into a few sections:Gameplay:This game takes a long time. That is a key point, do not expect to have a massive medieval castle and town within 5 hours of playing the game. Large parts involve effectively grinding (!FLUX! - players will know) to find the resources you need to construct/create the buildings/items you want. However teamwork is amazingly useful because it reduces the time needed to perform many actions. Such that imagine 1 person takes 1 hour to perform an action, 2 people would then take less than half an hour to do the same action.Also as this is a survival game you need to gather food to survive. This is relatively simple if you have found a few reliably good quality apple trees. You will also need to 'rest' your character occasionally if performing tough work such as terraforming or construction etc.This leads me onto another important point regarding skill progression. The game is designed, as I've said previously and as you will hear through this review, for teamplay. A limitation imposed by this is such that you cannot be an expert at everything! You have a limited number of skill points to distribute around the various skills (which unlock in a skill-tree type fashion). As you perform actions these skill points will be added to your skill in that action up to your limit (you can 're-spec' by downgrading your skills if needed). Because of this you will need a group to play with unless you set your game/server to have custom (default is 800 I think) levels of skill points.Graphics:This game has looked absolutely fine throughout its development but its looming DX11 release looks incredible from what we've seen thus far. Other than this I cannot comment much on this point other than it runs very well without many framerate dips etc. so seems quite optimised.Music/Audio:The sound quality is great with well recorded clips for all actions and a nice atmospheric background soundtrack, although if playing for many hours at a time it can get a little repetitive.I'm not used to writing reviews (this is my first so I know I will have missed a lot) so please don't hate :P"
,Recommended,290080,31075653,Posted: 11 April,all,SirVirtuo,"The MMO version is updated often, but beta tests are far and few between unfortunately.  There are certain features that are only sensible, such as horse drawn carriages, but there always seems to be underlying coding to be taken care of before adding new features.LIF:Your Own is hardly ever updated, and receives little to no attention.  With that being said, I am sure once the MMO is in its final Beta stages, many features may be moved over to :YO seeing as the MMO is more of a testing platform than :YO is.With that said, this is one of my favorite games I've ever played.  It comes with a heaping helping of GRIND, and feudal life at it's best.  The crafting is lengthy and difficult, and combat is very reliant on practice.  Because it takes so much time and effort for the littlest of things to be accomplished...  It feels just like that.  An accomplishment.Few games nowadays make you feel rewarded for putting in effort whatwith the silly achievement systems and the buy-to-win and free handouts methods of games to keep players playing.  To really work for gaining anything has its own reward when you get it.  Reminds me of questing in Everquest.  Difficult and very lengthy, but damnit, you earned that Ghoulbane!Would recommend.Waiting for MMO to complete."
76561198128482277,Not Recommended,290080,34763554,Posted: 5 September,all,CoolingFan,"I've been trying to like this game for the last three years. On paper it sounds great... Medievile survival sim. You can chose your own path..etc.. 1. Create a server. 2. create your character. 3. level the ground beneath you so you can either plant stuff or construct and tiny shack. again; on paper that sounds like everything you've been waiting for until reality sets in. this game literally bored me until i felt sick. I decided to forage for food and materials so i can build a tiny shack in the forest. Turns out you'll need to make sure the ground is level before you can construct anything on it. leveling the ground is probablly the most tedious activity I've ever encountered. imagine  an endless grid of little asian boys that need haircuts. some of them need a little trimming, others needs full on haircuts and your job was to make sure they all had identical haircuts. That's gound leveling. You can hit the F3 key to expose the ground elevation. So lets say you have a  grid that shows tiles of land of varying heights. Well that info/guide dissapears when you go to place your shack in that area. You'll either need a very acurate photographic memory or you'll need to generously over shoot how much ground ground you'll level. Add weight management and equipment durability to that and you my friend are weaving the very fabric of boredum. When the hell is someone going to make a good crafting and gathering game with decent graphics that is actually fun and addicting? I own the game and i'm sure I'll dust it off and give it another try in the future. in all serousness though Lots of credit to the developers. The game is boring but extremely well made. graphics are great, character creation - although limited - has some amazing looking characters."
76561198043073125,Recommended,290080,19779825,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Poetinabox,"A beautiful game, but at it's current state it's rather monster of bugs and crashes. I've been palying it mostly multiplayer, and the community has been pretty awesome with the RP, and it really feels like second life sometimes.I think the game is great with lot of potential, with it's vast terraforming and crafting trees, as well as the combat which all have improved quite a bit. I am looking forward playing this game in the next year, as they add more content and fix the more major bugs. The game still shows sings of alpha.I would not reccomend buying the game at it's current state, unless you can get over the occational crashing and lag, and enjoy grindy hard-starting skilltrees. It's still worth putting on your wishlist and watch list, to see where it goes in a year."
76561198061960401,Recommended,290080,13842163,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Maximum Kek,"firstly, if you do not have a semi-large group of friends to play this game with, best be friendly and find some people out in the wilderness. you won't get anywhere playing by yourself, even on a server where you can max out all of your skills. this game is based around building a community, if you arent a team player, your♥♥♥♥♥♥will be stolen and you will be killed, regardless of how good you are at combat."
76561198030419438,Recommended,290080,33895986,Posted: 29 July,all,Josh Nichols,"Two years ago I bought this game expecting a medieval open world harcore survival game. I got what I expected. This game is currently going through a rough stage in its short life. People complaining a the lack of updates and some features that were promised. But those people don't realize these company is currently working on 3 games at once, and from my understanding this company is not very large. I do agree that they have overextended themselves which such ambitious game ideas and they made many promises that they can't all keep. The community is still thriving actually with an average of about 600 players a day. always 1-3 almost full servers. This game is for those who are patient and appreciate a grind for certain items, not for those who sit and complain and can't work for something. This is one of the most rewarding games I have ever played. I'm going to ride this ship till the end, till the last server, to the last 10 people. I hope this game never dies and I thank you for reading all of my review :)"
,Recommended,290080,18884123,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,chipmunk with a mace,"this is a slow pased game, and it does what it does the best.no other game does this level of grueling realism as L.I.F does.you will invest weeks into this game, so winning feels ♥♥♥♥ing amazing and loosing might make you commit sudoku.the ""end game"" is literally comprised of politics, real world functioning politics that come into fruition naturally.built a castle from the ground up that took you 5 months and were there from the beginning? well prepare yourself for quick tounged burocrates to rob you of whats yours!the only reason this game has a mixed review rating is because 12vies bought this game expecting a ""real world mine craft clone"" and instead got hit in the face with a game that very closely mimics reality well, and thus they all threw in the towel.this game is great.most probably the best comunity surrounding a game.you like role playing? does not matter, because this game MAKES you role play to survive."
76561197987211173,Recommended,290080,20803663,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Borderline_Noob,Insanely addictive game! Been playing this for about 2 weeks now and it's already taken over my life... I sit at work all day worrying about my Chickens!
,Not Recommended,290080,33184793,Posted: 3 July,all,[AJSA] skprog,started on a roleplay server. spent the first night alone sleeping in brush for fear of my life. realizing there was only 2 other people on i chanced it an fished. got amazing at fishing. joined a guild(OF 10 PEOPLE). day two i built a road and a hut. life in the guild is still slow as im pretty much alone now that my friend is offline. and i realized. the games flaw.my building / terraforming was hindered by unforseen forces.a game breaking glitch in my road cant be completed 100 % because there are squares everywhere that hinder building and terraforming for NO REASON.  this is a glitch on the server i joined.to make a drying rack. i need glue. since when.in 2015 they asked for signs so people could organise there stuff in boxes.in 2017 said signs dont exist.  devs have probably dropped this game and listen to no one.the grinding is fun for me. but there are specific things that bug me.to learn construction you have to grind paving roads. i am able to construct a freaking advanced structure. but silly things are all locked till 90. its takes 1500 - 2000 paved roads to get to 90 from 60  to give you an idea of how far that is. you could build a road from one end of the island to the other acrost the middle of the map which is about 700 tiles.  this is on normal server settings other servers are more kind on this.but i cant make a archery target.  since when. in what life.  archery targets should be basic easy to make. shoot i just made one. i can put a object on top of something at distance away from myself.why lock what is a glorified 3 sticks and hay. behind walls of leveling for unknown reasons. when you can just shoot bark boxsseriously i cant destroy my little shack. i cant remove it or burn it down.its about the stupidest thing i have ever seendestroying it takes forever and there are no optionsback in 2014 players asked the devs to put in options for destroying huts so they could upgrade their homesnothing was ever doneto destroy your home its takes 5 hours of non stop smacking it with a basic torch. welcome tolife is feudal.you will dig. after you dig you will sit and than dig some more.after that get ready to dig. and after that digging.once you have an awesom wall on a pvp server. some a$$ hat and his friend will come by and stack to logs on each other and climb over a♥♥♥♥♥♥and pillage your town during some time when your not on. or worse judgment hour where they may be able to just take everything.after that get ready to rebuild. but wait their are not infinite resources. so now you have to spend 3 hours looking for a new iron / stone / clay pit. ya this game blows. whats that some guy claimed all the clay on your server tough poop get ready for a fight.if someone has the clay he has the server in his pockets. whats that no clay. leave the server. that your best bet.get back to digging welcome to a new server.you need to dig. collect fiber to make a shovel to dig so more you piece of crap.ya this game is horrible. dont waste your money. cant even organize freaking boxes your dumb a$$ devs need named boxs and animals. this game would be ten times more interesting / funny if you could just name your horse tugs or something awesome. but no ♥♥♥♥ that why make naming stuff a thing.complaining is feudaldig you b itch.oh so you ready to fight. guess what their are really only two weapons in this game worth knowing about ..boar spear and partisan.thats it. you really dont need anything else. everyone who can do armour does plate anyways.because guess what nothing in this game fighting wize is balanced. so make a boar spear because that really all you need to be good at fighting in this game. seriously go make one and use that. you will own so many people.  because while everyone else is doing like 10  - 20 damage you will be stabbing for like 50 - 60 killing them in like two hits. its stupid OP
,Recommended,290080,19155827,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Ionut Kozlov,"Devs done a great job with updating the graphics to directX11, if feels like a different game now.The game works just fine on high or ultra settings with 30-60 fps (v-sync on) if you have a decent card.There are some minor bugs that I'm sure they will get fixed ,like paved roads showing black, but in the end it is a great game and It's worth playing if you are not a casual gamer.PS: I you have an nvidia card I recommend you user driver version 353.62. As a fact I used the latest nvidia driver and the graphics were all glitchy and got low fps."
,Recommended,290080,19175430,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Staff 'The Slope Smasher',"Age of Empires - in the first person! --Reviewed at 18 hours--If you are in doubt about this game, I urge you to just jump in and YouTube & Wiki willing you will enjoy this game!There is little to no tutorial and things may frustrate you, I would urge you to push past this and open up a world of possibilitiesNot many games get 15 hours of straight play; Life is Feudal did it for me.The game based in a medieval era urges the players not to play as a simulator but to think logically and forward think for your new character and live in the world grinding out skills to reach the next skill type that you need to progress your settlement. (So yes it is a simulator but not to the level that we have previously known it, you get invested in your players as you roleplay out their lives and complete many, many tasks)As a SP game it will be hard to manage your land and its needs along with other players in the MP realm...You may choose to be a travelling tradesmen specialised in your skill trading for what you need or you might choose to join a group and move forward in leaps and bounds for the greater good of the group... However be forewarned, as you grow into a large group the needs change and your supply of food and mining rewards may begin to find a low and risk everything that you have so far worked so valiantly for!The depth of this game is astounding, the devs listen to the gitch reports and actively seek to fix them with frequent patches. Yes glitches do occur and there are other things that just don't match up; this game has come a long way from its alpha release in many ways and its current gameplay today proves just that.The question is are you willing to fork out your own investment into a character and help etich them them into history.10/10 for such vast gaming ideas8(9) for current game state due to some stability issues8.5 for graphics - this game is beautiful, however Nvidia uses may struggle; the Devs use ATI.8 for sound - mesmerizing10 for the right server and community inputBuy the game if you are on the fence;buy the game if you doubt the glitches;buy the game if you like medieval games;buy the game if you like want minecraft with REAL graphics;buy the game if you like Age of Empires, it's it in first person!"
,Recommended,290080,12165226,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,CynicalSausage,"This is one hell of a game, with a ton of potienal! The crafting system is deep, the land scape is beautiful. The story? There is none, you make your own story with your friends. This game is ment to be played with friends, up to 64 of them! Making a small civilization with farms, mining and hunting are a few things you achieve in this game. Its definately a game to keep an eye open for, Myself and my friend made a basic beginners guide for new players to the game! Be sure to check it out!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UoXWBouCj_g"
,Recommended,290080,29405012,Posted: 21 January,all,Slyfox,Only recommend if you have or join a highly customized server other wise this game is way too much grind. Makes a grind stone look like silk.
76561198256697181,Not Recommended,290080,23621560,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,MandaLovee,"as much time as I put into this game, I thought I'd be writing a positive review but that is not the case. I had my own monument and land, I had some of the basic buildings like a stable, a barn and a couple houses. It was fun when i started but as I played I saw others come and go constantly, not many came back to play after one or two times of playing, so unless your IRL friends are going to play with you, assume you'll do a lot of building alone or join up an already built kingdom.Also, horses are a problem. Don't run through trees because you will be slowed down and the game is likely to crash. This happened to me multiple times and I saw it happen to people on my land as well, almost every time I played. If you are on a horse and crash on someone else's land, and don't get back on within a couple minutes consider the horse theirs now unless you are someone like myself who would in fact return the horse to the rightful owner.In addition to those issues, I constantly had problems with my drying racks glitching, unable to dry animal skins so they would just be sitting there useless until the server refreshed.speaking of servers refreshing this means your herb gardens are going to too, so you have to time it just right to get your herbs that take 6 hours to produce. I tried 3 times and every time I didn't get my herbs to make flux so I said forget that and just started trading other kingdoms for flux.Its a fairly decent game but I just couldn't recommend it, maybe the MMO will be better but the game as is, no. just no."
76561198075673245,Recommended,290080,12157614,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,111111111,This game is awesome! If played it for 3 almost 4 hours and i already like it! We play with the gang with around 10 people and we still need to figure out how to get clay and how to farm and stuff. The game is very nice to play with friend. It doesnt looks great but remember that this is Early-Alpha. The game is kinda hard to learn how to do stuff but thats the fun. You play with friends to figure stuff out and have a lot of fun. I recommend this game is you look for a awesome sandbox!10/10
,Recommended,290080,19137180,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Donny,"This game is fantastic! Its a very well made game for its current state and is very fun to play with friends. The game may seem grindy if playing alone and if the server you play on doesnt have ore piles (which means you have to haul rock) but if you join a large group of people or have a large group of friends playing you can easily build a castle in a day. The adventure, hunting, building and combat in this game in phenomenal, and very well done too, the only REAL complaint I have about building is that Flux takes forever to get. The graphics in the game are GREAT, especially since they just updated them and the music in the game is also very immersive and great to listen to.Overall I give it a 9/10    - When the full MMO comes out (or if they put in dragons) this game is an easy 10/10 and would be my pick for Game of the Year"
76561198008677600,Recommended,290080,16197043,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,us536th,"Need to add BOTS needs more NPC's to fill out world, else this game will never have enough interaction to keep it interesting."
,Recommended,290080,15746067,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,digby2032,"Life is fedual has great potential.  It is just in Alpha and the actual MMO wont launch until the end of this year or begining of next.  It allows you to decide how you want to paly, farmer blacksmith fighter thug merchant.  plenty of careers. each month new contents is release to the keep the game going.  I enjoy playing the game and build fighting and working as a team to acheive the ultimate large keep."
,Recommended,290080,19153701,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Pvt. Jackson [2RB],"Alright, first things first, I returned the game. I know what youre think, ""Why are you giving it a thumbs up then?"" Because, its a good game, its just not my game. This game is a very time consuming game, more so than Civilization III. I can handle playing Reign of Kings or Rust, but this game is too complicated and too slow for my taste.Lets go over how its somewhat of a decent game, It reminds me of DnD (Dungeons and Dragons). The actions that your perform on a tree alone, show how indepth the game really gets. You can rip the bark off, see if its a fruit bearing tree, break a branch off, or chop it down. Its really a work of beauty to see that kind of detail in a game like this.All in all, i think if i had a better computer for this, i would totally play more but after two hours, i gave up. Maybe one you guys will enjoy it.This is a post release review, just so you know. Never played early access."
,Recommended,290080,24370002,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,RooZ,"After playing M&B Warband, for many many hours, I was starting to look around for a similair game, to kill my waiting time for ""Bannerlord"" (The new M&B game comming soon).This game has fully lived up to my expectations and more!Not only is the game true to the medieval era, its also slow-paced and relaxing. :)Building a simple house might take some time(hours), especially if you are alone, but when are playing with IRL friends, or just guild members, you can really start building some interessting stuff, like we made a castle wall with a trench in front of it!Very good time-killing indeed. :DIn this game you can:- Pray to God, and bless others with Gods words!- Dance around on your enemies corpse (lots of emotes)- Hunt down animals, and then get rekt by a boar. Trust me, hunting is so much fun xD- Raid other bases, but beware of the consequences! People are nice in this game, until you start messing with them!- Do honorable PVP. Most people do not attack out of nowhere, but some do, and it makes for some interessting battles.- Trade with other people and guilds! Best way to get stuff early game, is to work for others, to get some rare ressources! Ask around in Global chat, people are always looking for someone to do their dirty work. :)- Tame your own horse, train it, AND MOUNT UP! It really feels awesome riding around the lands, on your sturdy steed !- Craft your own weapons and armor, and look like a bad♥♥♥♥♥!- Dig a mine. Remember to reinforce those tunnel walls, or else.... :P- Weather & Season system! I love the season changes ingame, and the weather also seems to affect the harvest for your crops!- So much more.So, just buy it already! What are you waiting for?But remember, your Life will be Feudal if you do ! :)"
,Recommended,290080,18013916,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Ioun999,"This is a game not recommended to those who wants a quick action. This is a game for those who is patient and can tolerate long hours of grinding, gathering and building. It is recommended you play with friends, it will save a lot of your time.I'd recommend this to hardcore survival gamers, who likes to build up communities in amidst of other communities."
,Recommended,290080,19931782,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,General Octavion,At almost 4000 hours this game still gets better and better
76561198085250122,Recommended,290080,17669412,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,outlaw466,Ran someone over with my horse.and stole their apples.
,Recommended,290080,18262764,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,-DI- ToxicEnigma,"This is an amazing game. To start out is difficult, but there are many tools to help you get started. Most of the people that have given this a bad review are not up for a challenge. I like the fact that there are not always answers to what I want to know, but as long as I can get the basics down, I am good to go. I think you should come join us in the best Sandbox I have ever played (in)."
,Recommended,290080,34721455,Posted: 3 September,all,Vormancer,"CatagoriesRankingSummeryValue$30 (was on sale)Well worth the money if it was $20 id thinkGameplay7 starsIt makes for a good mindless game, good for those days where you cant think to straight but its rather grindyStory1 starstheres really no story at all, you get a little context in the openning cutscene when you start up the game i guess but thats about itSocial System5 starsIts about as good as you make it provided you can find a good server with good people like i did.... NYM's FOR THE WIN!Community8 starsA lot of good people kicking around theres a couple asshats here and there but it is what it is but thats nothin new.Graphics10 starsThey're beautiful graphics, some of the best ive seen in a survival gameEase of Learning6 starsgetting things sorted out is a bit of a pain, alchemy is horrid to learnCombat Style7 starsits not bad by any means but you can overcome all the npc creatures with a simple bark box and a ranged weapon to draw aggro then butcher with any weapon you chooseSoundtrack2 starsdont really remember hearing one to be honest."
76561198037177356,Not Recommended,290080,19134232,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Straunos Sarsby,"Well, I enjoyed playing before the last patch. Not so much after. I know we are still considered testers...even though we had to pay for that priviledge, but the decision making process here is poor. I'm glad you think you fixed mining, but as we are still TESTERS leave the IP piles in so we can test. We can mine and use IP to get bigger projects done for TESTING. Unless you start paying ME, I'm not hauling the amount of rock required to build some of the end game structures. I'm sure the same could be said for alot of people. The result...buildings aren't getting built, your game isn't getting vetted like it should be. The amount of problems I've encountered and have seen others encounter on an array of servers leads me to wonder how much pretesting was done prior to this release. The sheer volume of reports, conflicts, bugs, and errors is staggering. At this point in time I think another 6 months in dev wouldn't have been enough."
,Recommended,290080,12161209,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Enaver,"Did originally write a negative review because it says it is single-player, and it was different to how i thought it would be.However, I have since played the game online with a community that I know and it has been great fun. This game would not work as a SP game as you can only have a certain amount of skills, it would involve making a lot of alt characters. Game has a great sense of community spirit and you build a lot faster if you all help each other out. I am having great fun with this game.Still, if you are after a single-player experience I would not recommend this. But honestly try it out for the multiplayer anyway, you wont regreat it!"
,Recommended,290080,18808403,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Robert Garcia,"Ultima online skills, classic medieval feel, hardcore pvp mechanics. Best game ever!"
76561198004517230,Recommended,290080,14518091,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Marinzeck,"In my opinion, very very good.....but follows the pros and cons. after that see my comments in general:PROS- Good graphics, good fps even with a reasonable not top of the edge machine like mine- Almost no bugs for me!- Free world to do whatever u want.....build, train yourself, kill etc- Not hard to learn (lots of stuff in wiki etc and easy game mechanics)- Good ppl base- Lots of skills.....learn as you go and perform....but ppl abuse the chance of getting that easily cause the company allows it (see below).- Can build tons of stuff and they do have a purpose (like protecting your stuff, getting betterweapons, doing better gear for pvp) etc- Amazing easy, crafting that has a purpose (I guess I said that)CONS- Servers created by players. For me this is bad! Specially when the devs give them the right to change a lot.The servers colapse a lot couse its too much or dont load......Alpha or not, its anoying- You can create a server with 100 multiplier on skillgain....What?Maybe de devs didint wanna have the labelof grinders in their game, but a sandbox should have some.... You shouldnt max out your forestry skill in 1 hour.I tried to create the server myself...no luck........hours on end waiting....but it might be the day or the flux of ppls.BTW I choose the default which is 1 multiplier for skill gain and thats it.....No one would join me but I dont care. Games like this shold be a process, specially in community......It takes time and effort....."
76561198198101151,Recommended,290080,18285497,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,alexisthecoolest,"Amazing. So much fun. Although in early development it's still an amazing game. Some people are giving mixed reviews and I don't think they understand what an early access game means. From when I bought this game the devs have added so much content and consistently fix issues and I will say there are not many issues to begin with. Also a lot of people complain about not having access to features shown in the game. It is as simple as the devs 1. Havent put content in yet, because as stated above it's EARLY ACCESS and 2. they request feedback on the potential adding of said features from individuals in the beta.In conclusion, ignore the ignorant gamers who fail to understand the simple concept of Early Access and knock an in-develpment game on simple things as a bug that they refuse to report to the devs but expect them to magically fix without knowledge of it."
76561198098157244,Recommended,290080,19130308,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Thrangar3,"If you cant handle a real game then dont get this. I unfortunatly didnt get this game for a while because of the reveiws, but Im so glad I purchased it. Yeah the game is grindy but its a realistic survival game. The goal isnt to be able to build a giant base in one day. It is supposed to be hard so when you do build something you have a sence of accoplishment. They are relasing a huge update to the game Nov 17 that makes the game so much better so anything that you see is a negative review has been fixed. Unless its a minecraft carebear crying because its too hard."
,Recommended,290080,22466753,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,*[I-C] DuckyD,I joined a server and was forced to work as a slave but after i cut down a few trees and acted loyal the guy respected me and made his best worker10/10 Would do easy slave work to become the best worker again
76561198061051101,Recommended,290080,12155213,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Lemonz,Teamed up with someone. We managed to build a fire and cook a fish and then were killed by wolves11/10
,Not Recommended,290080,22555973,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Wolf Jesus,"A brief summary of my experience of Life is Futile.1.   Got conned into buying by one of my friends.2.   Joined the server he was on, with high expectations.3.   More friends joind in, we started to have a merry band of men :D4.   Collected wood, plants and grass (enough wood to start my own version of Ikea and enough grass to fuel the whole US cattle industry for a decade).4.   Worked as a collective to build our own vision of Utopia.5.   Some guys in Knights armour turn up and try to bully us.6.   Spent hours learning skills and crafting our own weapons and armour.7.   Find out the King has sent his trusty Knights, also find out the King is a bit of a cretin...8.   Got together with others on the server, who dislike the King and plot a treasonous rebellion.9.   Usurped the King and declared myself ruler.10. Find out the King is friends with the admin and get our whole group banned from the server.11. Repeat step 2-10If you are happy being a peasant and working for others, this game is for you.If like me, Hitler, Pol Pot, Stalin, Saddam Hussein and Barack Obama you want ultimate power, rent your own server!When the devs implement bridges, I will claim one and guard it like the Black Knight from Monty Pythons Holy Grail...Until that glorious time comes, Life Is Futile will be a bitter sweet memory.P.S. Lost count how many servers we got banned from..."
,Recommended,290080,25432038,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Smyek,"✓ medieval sandbox survival✓ bulding your own village (population: 1-2) or join some community (5-20 and castles)✓ pvp, pve (but choose appropriate server if you want more pve)✓ crafting is so awesome, FARMING!✓ skills, perks, funny stuff✓ grind (you like it, don't you? if don't GET OUT!)✓ decent graphics and design✓ HORSESand✓ MMORPG is coming, it'll be f***ing great"
,Recommended,290080,29111916,Posted: 8 January,all,Pun[1]Sher,"Life is Feudal is a complex sandbox box, with a very open world.Pro's:-Complex Crafting system.-Fantastic system to socialize, as it is impossible to pick up every skill-Complex skil system that allows you to try new things, grow into new skills-Great graphics. Really nice visuals on higher settings.-TerraformingCons:-This game is very time consuming!"
76561198073057218,Recommended,290080,14698673,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Ramsay Bolton,"depends on the admin how your experience will beit can be great , or torturous"
76561198052335912,Recommended,290080,19087839,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Maso,Ehh.  It's okay.
,Not Recommended,290080,25633268,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,͇ ͇\̿ ̿torm∑agle,"I have known about this game since it came out in early access and it had a lot of promise back then. I didn't buy it in early access however because i've seen games like this fail after a while of development such as the game breaks and everyone gives it bad reviews, the devs end up ditching the game because it's not making enough money or they lose interest.I brought the game when it came out of early access but it still felt like it should of stayed in early access. I went onto a server and the server staff managed to spawn in a ship model that the devs made, so the devs were obviously still developing the game but took it out of early access to sell more copies.*IMPORTANT!* Before I dive into the pros and cons I would recommend that you do not purchase this game as it's intent was to become an MMO at the end of it's development. The devs decided to make the MMO a seprate game, so if I were you I would buy that when it comes out instead.Pros:Has a great community - I played on lots of servers and everyone is nice and helps you out when you don't know what to do.The Building is more realistic than other sandbox games. (If you are patient enough to spend ages building)Has an interesting combat machanic (Part of it copied from M&B)Fun game to RP in.Has a large variety of weapons and armours to choose from.Interesting skill tree. (Hard to learn if you're new)Cons:Not many people playing anymore. (When the MMO comes out it will have a lot less players)The MMO is coming out as a separate game.The time it takes to build should be reduced a little.Combat needs to be balanced, such as armours, health, perks ect.Overall I will have to not recommend this game. It's a great game if you fancy only playing with a few people. The developers however promised it would become an MMO at the end of development. So if you don't like large crowds of players, want to slightly mod the game or make your own dedicated server then this is the game for you. If not then you should get the MMO when it comes out.For more information on the MMO go to:http://lifeisfeudal.com/mmohttp://steamcommunity.com/app/290080/discussions/0/357287304417204349/http://lifeisfeudal.com/forum/lif-yo-owners-will-receive-some-premium-currency-in-lif-mmo-t1941/"
,Recommended,290080,17698713,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Bury,"Bought it, turned it on, connected to a server, joined a group, played with them for almost a whole year, made good friends but most important - a lot of fun.Game has got a huge potential, there is just so much to do! Once you get into it, you will have no life other than a feudal one.Craft, Kill, Demolish."
76561198149293630,Recommended,290080,17998643,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,unhygienixx,"The Game is great! I have over 400 hours for a reason and likely to put on a lot more.Things to remember: its early access and not the finished game, you play on player owned servers currently and all have their own sets of guidlines and rules, also different rates and maximum skill leveling abilities. The game is very craft centric so expect some aspects to be a long grind.So far the game is very craft centric. You can blacksmith, build homes and castles, farm, tame animals, mine and log, if you can think up a craft in a fuedal era more then likely you can do it in game. To do this you need to collect resources or work out a deal to have others collect them for you. All of this and every aspect takes time. You will spend a lot of time building up to the point you envision your character to be. This is very grindy and definetely not for everyone. If the thought of spending a day or so moving dirt to level off an area to build your cabin makes you ill then you should move along. I never thought I would enjoy it as much as I do. I some how find the game very relaxing.I am not sure how I feel about combat. I havent done much PvP and have not leveled up those skills significantly. It however feels a little floaty to me at the moment. It however has a more urgent feel to it then other games, as death or unconsiousness bring permanent penalties, whether its just loss of property or loss of skill and attributes, you wont want to make defeat a hobby. I know seige warfare is coming if not already out and that sounds very fun.Claiming property is relatively new. It protects your land from intruders by making it so that tresspasers can be punished without any of the negative affects associated with murdering neighbours occur to the land owner. Also gives some penalties to the tresspasser. Its a nice touch.The graphics are beautiful, yet not otimized. I expect further improvement with that as it gets closer to a release. Some animations and sounds still require work, however the game still does an excellent job at being immersive and mostly natural.All in All this games is very good and definetly deserves a positive rating."
76561198009222123,Recommended,290080,27879552,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kremlin Paperson,Can't emphasize enough how great this game is. It's by far my #1 played. Find a good group of people to play with (the community is often very welcoming and helpful) and you will enjoy this game.
,Recommended,290080,19911171,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Jigga,"I am not one for reviews, but i believe this game deserves one.  A quick backround of myself, i love mobas and fps's.  Something i can pick up play for 40 minutes and put down.  This all changed when this game came out.   This game is a grind, but the rewards are much better than a piece of armor every two weeks.  You and a group can literally build a city.  Every skill has an important function in the game, unlike most games.  This game was well planned and for the most part well implemented.  I recommend this game to everyone, especially my legacy mmo guys."
,Recommended,290080,14417239,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Ghost chevron,Even as early access this game is a ton of fun. Be ready to give a good portion of time to playing it. So much digging!
76561198040457022,Recommended,290080,18082826,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Kaisimyr,"Best game i have ever played in my life, only thing it needs is more players and more updates, but the updates are pretty regualr and fast so i guess all that needs to be done is wait. If this game goes on sale i highly recommend buying without a second thought."
76561198019703852,Not Recommended,290080,14190106,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,tempestlrd,"I will try to be brief...I do not judge based on potential and will change my rating if in two years this game is complete and warrants a better review.  (In my experience people seldom have incentive to finish a project once they all ready have been paid).The game is so boring that even when you log into a ""pve"" server sad bored players all run to kill you with a two handed sword...once you are killed you will respawn on a map that is so small that someone will kill you again before you even get your hotbar set up (you will be naked at this point and your skills will drop below the minimums because of the death penalty).The game is not intellectual at all, those that say that it is must be the types that don't know milk comes from a cow.  It is very intuitive and typical of survival games.  However this is the most tedious one in history...it feels like the game makers are trying way too hard to keep players from progress because there is no content. I will discuss only two of the simple tasks made horrible.  Digging...digging is so slow and boring I could LITERALLY go outside and dig a larger hole in half the time it takes inside the game...(I am talking clay soil folks).  Eating...to make it feel oooohhhh scarrry you will have to eat 40 roots in a single day to keep your health up...A human can go 3 weeks without food in real life but for some reason game makers want to make you eat like a pregnant 10k lb Hippo (hungry hungry hippos).  Oh, did I mention it will take about an hour of your real life to collect 40 roots and you will have burned up about 5 roots doing this act LOL.In Conclusion...if you have $40 burning a hole in your poket, have never played a survival game before, and don't mind someone boosing thier low self esteme by keeping you from even playing then you have found your game...otherwise wait two years and see if they even finish the project."
76561198060020714,Recommended,290080,29681190,Posted: 3 February,all,[DGN] Johnny,"Complex Community based game; not built for casual lone wolfing. The Vanilla version is grueling in Your Own, but the majority of servers run moded versions to make it more small group and time friendly. This game rewards players for making intelligent and informed decisions, and punishes players that don't fully think out the value and effect of their actions. Most of the punishment is in the form of excess grinding."
,Recommended,290080,20952299,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Kib,"WARNING!!!! This is not a game for lazy people xDFirst of all! The bad reviews of this game are for two reasons: 1-on alpha the game had some bugs, low fps and low graphics; 2- (most of that bad reviews) - people who dont like games that you have to work on it to get something.There are two types of games: games like CSGO,Battlefield,COD,etc  (games where you start with all of your weapons and you just have to play it) and games like this one ( games where you have to work hard to have your stuff).This game is for the people who loves medieval era, roleplaying, pvp, and work like maniac! Dont get me wrong this game is amazing and with a lot of potencial, but for you to have sucess you have to have a lot of time invested in this game and playing with your friend help a lot too.So what you need to know. . . When you creat a character, you can choose what you want it to be (stats, professions, looks), when you log in to the game you dont have any tools just cloth and some food but you can get tools from the nature arround you and then starting to craft and raise up your stats and professions.Crafting system: very complete i must say, you have a lot of things that you can create but you need to have the skill to do it.Combat system: is kind of diferent that you should expect, it takes a little of pratice but for this game it works pretty fine. When you are try to do some damage every things counts, lenght of your weapon, quality and combos that you use.Pros of the game: really hardcore miedeval simulator, roleplay, community, crafting and combat system, graphics are most better then the alpha version.Cons of the game: Optimization, the devs are still working on this subject. If you want to run this game on ultra... well you can dream about it xD You need a really good graphics card for that, but in medium that what i use and i have a gtx760 i run the game at 130 fps +/- depend on the server, so its getting better.I advice you to see some youtube videos, tutorials, streams and studd, if like what you saw, buy this game, its a really good game. Is that type of game that i was looking for so many years.Tip: 1- If you can wait for some sales and buy this game always save some money;2- Buy the game before MMO is realease, because when it realese the game porbably will be more expensive and if you have bought this game before mmo realease you got one character slot for free on mmo."
,Recommended,290080,14560604,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,jacob santos,"This game needs a warning. It is mostly grind. You will grind to get resources, you will grind to move resources and you will grind to build. Pretty much most of your time will be grinding. If you don't play this game with other people, then you probably will be burnt out.I would say that if you enjoy Minecraft and working with other people, then you'll most likely enjoy this game as well. The sense of accomplishment from building a castle or large keep is pretty great. If you say, ""I did this."" Then people will realize how awesome you are, because of the many months you put in to build that castle or keep.What I don't like about the game?Takes forever to build end game buildings.Everything has a timer. Digging has a timer, mining has a timer, gathering resources has a timer. You can pretty much calculate how long you will spend to gather resource or calculate how long someone else spent building.If you are just starting out, gaining levels is mostly grind. Joining someone else's establishment and using their tools and equipment allows you to level up fairly quickly compared to that initial player.There is no automated way of moving resources and trader carts for moving resources is slow.Loading times and lag. For some servers, I can take a shower and come back and just be entering the world.Game can feel like a second or third job as you are cleaning the barns, stables and coops.What I like about the game?I like to dig. I dug in Minecraft. I dig in Life is Feudal: Your Own. I'd probably dig in the MMO if I was going to play it.There is something about the game mechanics when playing with other people that give a better sense of community. You are sweating and crying together and that gives a bit of comradery.Griefers can't currently destroy your buildings. They have to work at doing anything too destructive, for the most part.The role play is what you make of it. There are some pretty good role players."
76561197989704407,Recommended,290080,31266683,Posted: 20 April,all,Ultimate Beta,"Its what you get when you mix the combat and its depth from M&B and War Of The Roses, and splice it with the survival of Rust and Reign Of Kings.however be warned, this game is a hardcore MMO survival sandbox, most players are friendly as there are no effective lone wolves in this game, however you must be prepared to play a role in contributing to you community and to put in the hours to learn your skill lines."
,Recommended,290080,13205587,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,[53rdPVI] Nexus [Co.A],+Liked: I can't stop playing this game! :)-unliked: I can't stop playing this game! :(
76561198016834216,Recommended,290080,14600966,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Dragonborn Operative,"Fun, interesting and an extension of Wurm Online.I will give this game a thumbs up, however,More content - Bug fixing, and interactivity with items are needed, to secure long gameplay hours for whoever buys this are needed.The content is specifically important."
,Recommended,290080,16334536,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Nimblehoof,Life is Feudal.INCREDIBLY ADDICTIVE!!
,Recommended,290080,18660187,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,15thAL(G) Pvt Dether,Really like the game.. it is early on but i see it getting better little by little and is really FUN and entertaining to say the least.
76561197987225267,Recommended,290080,18455220,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Adhar,"Bugginess/state of the game:I've spend a few hours on the game. And it's occasionally buggy and not well optimised. But hey, they're not hiding the fact it's not finished. It's playable, that's the most important thing.If you can't handle a crash once in awhile, don't buy it.I haven't had much issues, but some friends have had it worse than me.Gameplay:I personally love it. But if you're an impatient man, do not buy this game. Doing things takes time.In most survival games you have a full fledged base in maybe a week or even less.Here 1 weeks worth is having a small house and furnace (if you play alone) or a village with wooden palisades (if playing in group).Now this game is not meant to be played solo. Many server have the recommended level cap.This effectively limits you when you play alone, as you can't have all stats maxed. You can do everything decently, but not perfectly.There are server where the cap's been increased, so you could technically be a one man powerhouse.But more often than not, expect there to be roles. Towns tend to have a dedicated blacksmith, carpenter, tanner, etc...This game takes time, especially being a bloody herbalist..... there's just so many freaking herbs.If you don't have patience, don't buy it.If you like a community and working in group building up a medieval society, go ahead. Expect to shovel a lot of dirt leveling out land though.Watch out for bandits aswell. People still love free goodies."
,Recommended,290080,18891790,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Wellington,"Great game with lots of promise. It takes a while to build things and level up which is great for longevity. My only problem with this game is the MMO aspect. Everyone on here bangs on about how great it will be when there are thousands of players running around. Umm ... great ... so all my hard work will be undone in the style of Rust. Can't wait. I've heard there will be more things to do if you want to play solo, but I'll see how and if that pans out. I can't not recommend this game - it doesn't have dragons or spells which is refreshing. Don't get me wrong I play solo which is still great as I love all things medieval. Only issue is they've made a fantastic game but without singleplayer, which seems to be the norm these days. I'm sure it's great with a team of you but not everyone wants that. I just wish there were more games like this but in singleplayer. But this is the best so buy it and go solo - and hope more NPCish aspects get added. The rendering on the buildings look wonderful and the cities people have built look amazing. I'd quite happily spend days or weeks or months building it all on my own - just wish there were a few (just a few) NPCs to say ""hello"" to. At least there are animals to kill I guess."
76561198000687592,Recommended,290080,24621582,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Hollow,"I highly recommend this game, its gots some bugs which still need to be ironed out such as the Memory Leak and random crashing but this is still in Alpha and these items ARE being addressed by the Devs as they work on the MMO, which I'm sure these type of fixes will be applied simultaneously to both versions.  This game provides a nice balance of Survival/Builder/PVP Slasher all rolled up into one package, think Rust/ARK + Chilvarly/Mount & Blade/War of the Roses All rolled up into one grand Mediaval Simulator."
76561198033349443,Recommended,290080,14523330,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,cromtheking,would like the game to have more thing to do when you start.If there a fire i can't even cook my food because my guy to dumb. if they make it so that half of the skill page is unlocked just till 29 . that way if there is say a kitchen there you could cook the basic food not just eat apples.
76561198122448935,Recommended,290080,12154653,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Brain,"This is what Rust should have been 6 months ago, these dev's are going be so rich!"
76561198002842941,Recommended,290080,12159443,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Fanatic,"The game is unique in many ways, even tho its in Alpha it is better than many others already.It is not as simple as most other games   so youll need a bit to learn the  basics  but its very worth it."
76561198067902200,Recommended,290080,12797930,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Darthain,"Having played 1,017.9 hours of this Alpha game i am still not disappointed . even with all the hickups and problems i have experienced along the way. I am pleased. Support has been quick, regular patches - implementations of game material and fixes.it should be noted for new players there is 1 modification to a steam file that will significantly improve your game experiences.. In my experiences Since purchase i have played across many servers . Raided , constructed , terraformed, farmed, hunted alongside many players who have had alot, if not the same playability concerns . though once you work a few bugs out. this game is awesome in its open ended gameplay. Which encourages players to work together. Ive found most of the ♥♥♥♥♥ing and whining to come from players with high expectations who are expecting a polished out of the box RTR version, or players who are generally not up to a hard grind type game to achieve anything and just want to troll around killing and not working towards anything.Of the playability problems this game has a few, and most of those problems vary from player to player .  most can be sorted with a little bit of fiddling with settings and such. What else can you expect of an alpha.. well worth the $40 i spent. but be prepared to put in some hours to enjoy this game to its full potential.. you wont be running around decked out to the max overnight . or even in a week for that matter . you need to play the game for what it is to enjoy.ive since started a server of my own and we are setting up community's and infastructure etc . planned events on a scale we havent been able to achieve before .. currently the only server that isnt dead from what i gather from feedback from players. goodluck i hope you purchase and would like to see you in game . if you are from australia .. all the best"
76561198061457216,Recommended,290080,18802418,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Yorsur,"After terraforming for 10 hours straight I can say that if you want to be placed in a mental institute and you aren't crazy then this is the way. Just terraform in a mountain for a few hours and you'll be laughing and crying like a madman. If you weren't suicidal then this game will make you suicidal sure as hell. Is it worth it? Yes, if you don't value your life. No, if you do have a life."
76561198048117916,Recommended,290080,34661253,Posted: 1 September,all,EvilCanadian,"This game does amazing things for role players. Yes there is a grind to it depending on the server you are on, however this adds to the realism and make it so not everyone can do everythign instantly. I highly reccommend rpclif(rpclif.net)for your role play server. Gm commands allow lots of interesting changes such as character size and out of standard stats (we had small goblins and hill giants on one itteration).This game is hard alone so I highly reccommend bringing friends or finding some in-game. As for the combat system the meta has changed over different patches, however I feel it works well once you get used to it."
76561198007437644,Not Recommended,290080,12574805,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,prime7619,I would not recommend this game at this time. My experience so far is not Good to say the least. I bought the game and have yet even been able to get it to start. I get a look at a great loading screen then a nice crash box report. That's it!! For $40
76561197993856430,Recommended,290080,15078852,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,pooley,one of the best indepth games i have ever played i would recommend to all don't miss out on this super owesome game i have logged like 479 hours and i am still finding things i don't know and i am still going to be playing for at least another  500+never have i ever logged so many hours and it is still being updated all the time keep the good work up lads scrap that keep the fricking awesome work up lads its so real life :)  five star all round infact i would give a 100 stars lads you's deserve it
,Recommended,290080,19937318,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,"Garry ""ATTACK"" Wheels","I highly recommend this game, some people are spooked by the ""mixed reviews"", but be scared by it. I bought this game for $24 and it's certainly worth it. If you're bored out of your mind and looking for some REAL RP, get this game, you may spend hours chopping wood and levling skills up, but its worth it. The only con I have found is finding a good server, that is the hardest part of all, but once you've searched around, got around that big learning curve and understand it does take days, even weeks to get a good village going, you'll be happy with this game. But I only recommend this game if you have a good PC, if you do not, you WILL have issues as the optimization isn't that good. I've spent over 100 hours now & I still have not done everything in the game. This game is a solid 8.6/10"
76561198006909517,Not Recommended,290080,14965076,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,MonkeyMagic,Dont Waste your money - Devs dropped the ball big time on what could have been an amazing gameThe promise of sandbox pvp has been replaced with  safezones and carebear tears-the actual build and engine are horrible and clunky - most servers grind to a halt after a week or so of light terraforming and building - 1/2 hour load times on restart are normal on 1 week old servers - lots of bugs and glitches but thats normal for an alpha buildcrafting and building system had a lot of promisepvp is horrible - not really sure what direction devs are taking but those whoe know more about melee pvp than me have said the game will not be releasing with a good pvp system in placedevs like to delete any negative threads on the steam forums and the official forums so you won't get any real info at either of those places.underhanded behaviour of the highest orderEdit - june 16 2015Total biscuit review jsut came out - confirming prretty much everything we have all been moaning about  -final conclusion from him   - DONT BUY THIS GAME- currently forum mods are removing any threads rreferencing this review by Total Biscuit - like i said very immoral development company -17 Nov - release dayGame has been released in an unfinished state as we all expected it would be - - End product has been rushed in an attempt to squeeze last drop of cash out of this dead horse- to be honest i think this company's behaviour is verging on the criminal and wish Valve would not give these kind of shady developers store spaceDo your self a massive favor and spend your money on a game with a future; developed by a company who you can trust and interact with
76561198046846385,Recommended,290080,17686826,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Weathers,"This game right here, this game right here, this game...This game has no equal in terms of content. So much going on I amsurprised it works at all. Quite honestly the best fun I have had sincethe early Eve Online experience.I can see why people rack up 1000 - 2000 hours.Combined with the fact that there will likely be no more wipes, whichquite frankly is the death kiss for EA, sick of that *%it, man I am sold.11/10Would shaped 50 rocks for forge again.Will never Rust or ROK again."
76561198010940962,Recommended,290080,17786999,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Axio,Hooked on this game (LiF Your Own) even with the steep learning curve and bugs. Bit unsure what ppl are going to do when the MMO comes out. Get the feeling its going to ba a 'Uncle bob' game du to persistance it being a persistant world.Only the powerful will enjoy it and the newbs will leave due to steep learning curve and griefing by established players. Only time will tell.
76561198084724284,Recommended,290080,19953684,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Jimmy,"Game is amazing, never encounter such a great sense of community in a game.  Its Alpha but i have had miniimal issue and am running on ultra with minimal frame drop.The game has immense depth already and fantasic freedom to do what you wish.This isnt a fast paced game it takes your time to achieve things, its basically living the life of a medival citizin and building your story."
76561198183639071,Recommended,290080,17878481,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,kessu256,This is very good game because it is realistic and funny to play with friends.It can be slow to advance but when you know what you do you get advanced.Game runs smoothly with ultra settings with 3.60 ghz computer and graphics are awesome.i could rate= Damn good stuff!! 9/10 ;)
,Recommended,290080,18139256,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Good Guy Mike,"Listen guys. I have put a lot of time into this game. If you go to the wiki to find tutorial videos, mine are the ones that are posted there. I think it is pretty fair to say I know this game. The reason why this game has a mixed reveiw status is because it can take A LOT of time to get into this game. I understand why some people are put off.If you are a gamer who doesnt like to put more than an hour or so in to a game to get good at it, then yes, this game is not for you. Yet if you are looking for a rish and deep imursive enviroment to spend hours in, that rewards you for doing your research and working hard, then this is your game.This game hits the nail on the head so hard when it comes to medival construction that it may feel tedious at points. I really do recomend getting a few friends together who all want a great experience so you can thrive, because just like in real life, you are not a one man army, and it takes a village, to build a village."
76561198023215326,Not Recommended,290080,26623380,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,LOTR,"Great idea! Sometimes I want to play this game, but this game is not developed and has a lot of bugs. We do not have a sufficient number of servers. The developers say that it is ""your own."" It's not my own to have this game, but don't play it. Of course, I understand that this is an alpha version. Updates are always small and insignificant. The developers promise that the MMO version will be interesting, but it seems to me that this is not true. I'm starting to think that this project is only for money. Today, I do not recommend this game. Let's see what will happen next."
76561197970535299,Recommended,290080,19765058,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Vezz,"The game for consistent, driven and motivated PvP fans that has exponentially more content than games of its peer group.Don't play if you dont have patience, as stablility is an issue. Set your mind on smaller, daily objectives instead of the instant gratification that other games have spoiled us with and I think you will enjoy Life is Feudal as much as I am."
76561197995450381,Recommended,290080,20186381,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Ulfgaar,"The force is strong in this one!Owned it since its first release - development has come a long way. Beatifull, grand and challenging. Its a game where stuff takes time doing, making it a game you can sink a huge ammount of hours into, more or less relaxing and enjoying yourself while doing it. Obviously best played with a group of friends.Highly recomend the game for those who are interested in survival games that isnt too arcady, takes a bit of time and rewards good cooperative play. Huge potential in this game."
,Recommended,290080,22436388,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,rjmann8,"Life is Feudal is not for everyone.  If you are completely unwilling to play with open world PvP (despite probably one of the best anti-grief systems around,) want quick action on a constant basis, want to gank people without any resulting issues, find the idea of needing other people to do much troublesome, or just don't like a slower pace where building and crafting your community is big goal... then you likely won't enjoy this game.  *Note:  you can play it by yourself and use GM commands, so if you just want to craft away slowly and enjoy the island in the :YO version... then much of this doesn't apply!*First, the game is very crafting heavy.  In the Your Own version this can be worked around with GMs.  However, that all depends upon server rules for multiplayer.  In the MMO, crafting will likely be a large part of your content.  Crafting requires other professions, and has a little more complexity than your standard MMO fare.  It isn't something that will leave you guessing, though, like many other systems do.Second, the game has systems for wounds, decaying gear, building decay, etc.  All these things need to be taken care of, along with food and possibly thirst.  Additionally, your character can become exhausted and need to rest.  You will have concerns other than just what to hit next.Third, the game uses a physics based combat system.  You must aim and time with ranged attacks.  You must aim and time with melee attacks.  If the damaging part of your weapon does not make impact you won't see much for results.  This will be something some like, and others do not like.Fourth, the game is not finalized in many ways.  It is released for this version, but more work and improvements are still being done (just the focus is now on the MMO.)Fifth, the game uses a time basis for a number of things (trees and plants, growing herbs in the garden, raising your alignment *which relates to the anti-griefing system,* etc.)  Darkness is dark (unless you gamma adjust... which I wish was not the case but oh well.)  Dealing with good time management will get you more than working without it (although you can get around that in this version.)The Developers are consistently on their forums, and interact with the community.  They take a lot of the feedback we provide and work on making the game better.  I highly recommend anyone with an interest in the game to look at some of how the game plays, to ask questions of the community and developers (they are on various social media as well as here,) and to consider what you want out of gameplay.  If you are looking for a long term game with social ties, building a community, and dealing with the various other aspects as talked about this may be a game you really enjoy.  If not, you may wish to pass.  The game is not for everyone, but for those who would enjoy such things I do heartily recommend it."
,Recommended,290080,18065160,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,MrWickstar,"LiF is a game that requires 50+ hours of game time to even begin to appreciate. It is tedious and methodical so please don't buy it if you're not looking for that type of experience because you'll just bag on it here and be another unqualified negative review. That said, very few gaming achievements feel as good as realizing your town/settlement is beginning to take shape and I believe anyone who sticks with it will enjoy it very much."
,Recommended,290080,24602594,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Denken (CotV),It is one of the most addicting and enjoyable creative sandbox games i have played.
,Recommended,290080,20652572,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Malichos,"This game is a medieval life simulator, not so much a true ""survival"" game. It does indeed have survival elements but the focal point of the game is PVP and a very in depth and lucrative crafting system. While you may wonder why the game has some mixed reviews, it's mostly because it is a very hardcore game that fits with only certain personalities. Also a lot of the negative reviews were from a while ago when the game was riddled with bugs and people were upset. That's changed a lot and is now a mostly polished experience.Solo play can make the game difficult, and jumping into the world with no friends or unable to find people can make you feel extremely overwhelmed. Most servers have a very awesome RP community with it and if you find one with good rule sets you have ample opportunity to grow your character into something special. Having a group though even if just a few people is a MUST. I cannot stress enough solo play is highly discouraged.You want to focus on a certain few professions to specialize in as you can be a ""jack of all trades"" but to get the maximum reward you want to specialize.PVE content is sparse besides game animals there isn't anything else other than starvation that can be PVE, so if you're looking for ONLY PVE this IS NOT the game for you. Understand that PVP drives the game, but crafting is really the most important and time consuming aspect.As I said before it's more of a simulation, giving you the ability to immerse yourself in that middle age time period and reap in rewards. Crafting is top notch and is extremely gratifying just doing something as simple as terraforming to plant some trees or dig a tunnel system to mine some ore.It isn't for everyone, it is a game that requires patience, time for your effort to reward you but once you get into the world you will be hooked. I've loved every minute and the RP I've had is just so fantastic. Once this game turns into the MMO it will be even better.The game is not without bugs, however none are game breaking, the inventory system isn't very friendly and the UI can take some getting used to but there are tutorials and a very good wiki to assist you throughout.While the price tag on this game is a bit high, you can justify it by the fact you will get a game that isn't like all the other survival games out there that end up being a waste of money and get abandoned.Combat is physics based and if you've played Chivalry it's very similar to that so it should be familiar..I rate LiF:YO a solid 7.5/10. If you love crafting, survival, RP, PVP and medieval times this is a must have to your steam library."
76561198080911494,Recommended,290080,20449798,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Salt master yi,"THE ABSOLUTE BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED!!!! This game combines everything I love about a game, teamwork, building, PvP and its a medival life sim which is so much fun to play in, a nice change from your typical run and gun game.But the best part is theres always somethiing to do from building a wall to planting a garden, it never ends. so in the end I would higlhy recommend this game to anyone looking for a new different kind of game. 10/10."
76561198036643052,Recommended,290080,28010164,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nitro3300,Not for the feint of heart this game takes time to progress if you are playing at x1 rates (servers offer many different rates for progression)
76561197966412606,Recommended,290080,17428170,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Hurr1cane,"Amazing game!If you like crafting (very advanced), defending, roleplaying, thiefing or just go full badass banditstyle you can do whatever floats your boat, i do warn you the game is very addictive and time consuming.The devs listen to the community and add updates every month, there is way to much to do in the game to sum it all up."
,Recommended,290080,18296953,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,NyanNyanTime,"In my opinon, this game has so much potiental to be a very successful game. It is one of the best survival games out their on the market. There is so much that I want to talk about the good and bad about LIF but this is a review so I'm going to try to keep it short. Even though it may be the best but their is still room for improvments to satisfy us gamers.""cough cough, morning lag""There are some flaws but I cannot think of any ATM unless you consider ""morning lag"" to be one of those flaws.The crafting is amazing and there is a diverse range of players (with good or bad ethical gameplay). The game design of the enviornment is beautiful and UI is customizable. I enjoy the option to do some role playing with other players in the game, it just makes the game so much more enjoyable.Overall, I recommend people to try out LIF (life is feudal) if you enjoy similar survival games like ""Rust"".YEARS LATER...LIF has improved and excelled so much with new redesign, gameplay sound tracks, new items that help players to survive and features. There is so much that I cannot list all without boring you.Sadly, there is still morning lag. I also like to mention that there is thing what I call ""HORSE LAG"" because the lag is horrofic when your ride either by just yourself in a medium to fast pace. It is even worse when riding your horse as a group of horse back riders.Those haters of the game just don't appreiciate what this game has to offer. For those who find the huge learning curve of the skills is a hassle. Then you know what, there are other games out there that come with a huge learning curve too.If you haters like to play easy games, then go play minesweeper and call it a day. These haters are not gamers, they are CASUAL gamers.For new players wanting to try this game. I highly recommend it if you are into medival styled RPG and MMO. Plus you new players will pay a smaller price tag than I did when the game was still in early access."
76561198166815881,Recommended,290080,18072792,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,celtic pete,i like everything you can be who you want to be live how you want to live build anything you could imagine just about  and yes die as you would likeceltic
,Recommended,290080,27496672,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BroStalker,Really nice game but it needs more advertasing and discounts to gain interest of player
,Recommended,290080,22798991,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,RobbenDuMarsch,"An excellent sandbox experience, best enjoyed on a new server with a group of friends.The level of content and the freeform construction give this world more enticing PvP than any other game of it's class, and is well worth the money.Worth noting is that if you purchase LiF:YO, you will receive access to the Life is Feudal MMO that is entering open beta in a few months."
76561198203025976,Recommended,290080,24452296,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Huge,"The actual gameplay itself is very fun. The sandbox experience in this game is great. Interaction with others is basically unlimited. Full loot, open trading, full pvp, everything goes. The combat is ok. It is somewhat skill based with combo's to learn and memorize, but also level based.Here is the problem I have with the game............. Servers.Hosts come and go, maps get reset, devs get egos, it just never ends. I found one good server that I stuck with for hours of gameplay and one day the devs shut down the server.... Just the way it is with this game.The gameplay is great if you can find a server you enjoy."
76561198065926635,Not Recommended,290080,16193982,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Mulqueeny,If I wanted to Grind for hours of my life for a reward I'd go to work or become a male stripper.
76561198030421915,Not Recommended,290080,23819956,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Rusty Shackleford,"badly optimized still look like an early acces game, the concept is really great tho"
76561198092244936,Recommended,290080,15242414,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Nosferatu,-Bought the game-Started playing-Start with a piece of cloth-Get some apples from trees-Located the area which i want to start building-Builded a furnace-Learn skills-Find some friends-Join a guild-Started work for guild-Everything fine-Create a new guild-Raise your guild-Have your own castle with new membersThis game never finished for me i played like 80 hours and its still very enjoyable.If you really like medieval stuff then you must buy this game.I guaranteed its worth your money.This is the best medieval game i've ever played.Just a piece of wood wall wants lots of♥♥♥♥♥♥but the game system is really true buildings.
76561197982910725,Recommended,290080,19153451,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,ice_blade3,"The game looks nice, it has boat loads of potential.However, it still needs a lot of work, don't let that deter you from it though.As long as the creators keep at it and tackle all the bugs and listen to the feedback from the players, they should be able to make this game even better.I would love a tutorial on how to set up a world for multiplayer, so far, me and my buddy who i gifted the other copy of the game to have not been able to join on the same world together.A little help developers?"
,Recommended,290080,31246399,Posted: 19 April,all,Regnar Of Aberon,As im closing in on the 5k hours (including the mmo beta) i think its time i say what i think of this gameI will have to say this is the best game of all times ..not gta 5 not witcher 3 not any of the other games out there ..THIS IS THE BESTlet me try to explainyou start up new to the game and 1 of 3 things will happen ..1. you begin making a base alone ...DONT this is will ruin the game for you and you will not get the experience out of the game it deservs2. you are unlucky and run into a group of bandits or a wild animal both will most likely kill you ..but dont let it ruin the game for you as you now how a enemy (if its bandits ofc)3. now this is how the game is meant to be played ... FIND A GOOD GUILD one that knows what they are doing this can be hard but with luck and asking around who the big boys on the block is should do the trick ...almost all guilds wants more hands so now its just joining up..... now some ppl think they can play only as a soldier or whatever ...that will ruin the game aswell pvp is a big part but to get pvp you need to also craft the best people in our kingdom is both crafters and fighters  ....shortly be helpfull is the key as its a team effort gamenow life is feudal has come a long way in the almost 2 year i have played and the devs are very active and you can talk with them ...basicly the dream team of devs as they are there for the players ..NO PAY TO WIN .....  sure there is bugs like in all other games but the bugs are limited now and there is updates almost weeklynow what is life is feudal about ... its about YOU ... you make your own story ... if you play your cards right you might end up as a king of a large guildI HIGHLY RECORMENT THIS GAME... open world ... free terrafroming so you can change the area to however you want it.. awsome crafting system... beutifull grafic... devs for the gamers ... good combat system ... free building system where not 2 cities is the sameonly downside is life is feudal: your own as this game is meant to be played in the mmo and you get acces by having Life is feudal: your own... but lucky this is comming...soon :wink:
,Recommended,290080,19547501,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Vorender,"I love how much like WURM Online this game is. However, there really needs to be more PvE elements added to the game. There just isn't enough combat to go around, especially on a private server with 10 people. That being said, if PvP is enough for you, and you love low fantasy simulators, then LiF is the game for you. If you prefer PvE combat, then you will grow bored rather quickly."
,Recommended,290080,19383378,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,sc1m1t4r,"I've had the game for a short time and have been playing with some friends, it's quite a fun game and fairly relaxing.We're playing on our own dedicated server in Sandbox mode, it's a good way to chill out and be creative with your friends and MUST be played with other people as the skills are interdependent and there're far too many to do yourself.We had some issues such as being unable to change World settings once the world is created and the way the system changes the default actions on objects, but other than that it is a good, fun, cooperative game.I recommend playing it with some friends and using voice comms."
,Not Recommended,290080,12179538,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,White Oprah,I know it's in Alpha stage but this game isn't ready to be released yet not even in alpha. I wish I wouldn't have spent the 40 bucks on this. If you are looking for survivial games they're much better games in dev for almost half the price. I think in a few months this game will be absolutely amazing but for now save it.-Connecting to a server is problematic and if you can't connect to a host you have to completely exit the game.-You need expert computer skill to start your own server so creating a private server for you and your friends is no easy task. You can't go togameservers.comand easily get a server hosted either. One company does server hosting but you don't get the full game experience with your own server.-The controlls are really clunky.-There is hardly any wildlife or things that move it's extremely lonely.-It's like Dayz without zombies and you can craft but you need friends to help you but finding friends is a hastle.
76561198045046188,Recommended,290080,19351457,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,[CTP]Mr.Mustache,"day 1 (7.5 hours nonstop):  just got how to light the fire :DThe graphics just wow( I like the graphics so that for me)I can feel the atmosphere of the game.The game feels like mx of Rust and Mont and Blade(MnB) or MnB open world.Fest lonely plain alone. Good thing I got 2-pack (2 copies at once) for friend.Minuses: there was some glitches that were weird.Summery: the game is good, good graphicis, great idea behind it. It has minor glitches(sure the will fix them).Ment to be played with big group of people."
,Recommended,290080,26095526,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,HolyAvengerOne,"Good, solid game. Interesting, in-depth gameplay. Few bugs, efficient game.9.5/10After close to 100 hours, I revisite this review and must say that lot of different things are constantly drawing me back to this game.I found it well built, like, moreso than usual early access MMORPGs / Survival. Maybe for a good reason because it's been in development for 4 years, mainly through crowdfunding. Also, they're indie. Indie forever :D :DI think their engine scales well for various PC capacities, and it has a very distinct feel and style to it. The gameplay is smooth, although rather slow in its execution, and that's exactly what I was looking for. It is a early medieval/dark ages, realistic, skill-based, open pvp and combat.I like the deep, complex crafting and ressouce gathering and management. The game is very complete in terms of what activities/skills can be used, from building, farming, landscaping, hunting, taming, riding, fighting, resource gathering, resource transformation, tanning, dyeing, etc. The more you use a skill, the more skill points you gain in that skill, but it is capped, and the characters can be modified and continue to evolve in different ways to fit your playstyle pretty much forever.The game is also evolving towards a full-fledged MMO (its currently 64 players max per server) on a gigantic map, which is currently in closed Alpha. It will eventually open to all owners of the game. So there's very active development and huge future."
76561198177826335,Recommended,290080,23741026,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Mcdarkly,"Great game, well worth the time you spend on it assuming you're on a good server. Granted, you have to like this type of game to begin with and understand its place in the development process. All in all 10/10 hope the team keeps up the good work."
76561197984726006,Recommended,290080,31704780,Posted: 12 May,all,Monk,"Life is fuedal My opinion.Im a older gamer and have been playing games since Amiga computers!!If you are into a survival, self sufficent type of scenario this is great. It is a bit of grind but depending what you want to do.Want to explore and hunt and eat rabbits on a campfire its good and simple,Want to build a castle on a mountian top it possible but requires time and is hard.I found LIF realistic in terms of what you want to do and how much time it takes, can you imagine trying to make an axe from scratch in RL? with nothing but the wilderness around you.TBH I would say the balance is good. Ive played a lot of games but the atmosphere, graphics, skill and enjoyment make this one of My fave games ever.If you want a slow burning but fullfiilling and difficult game with rp elements LIF is it...wandered around a swamp at night hungry, saw 2 small lights and thought whats that? approched and realised lights where wolf eyes, I was bogged down in a swamp and then killed by said wolf.. very atmospheric"
76561198079101773,Recommended,290080,19150250,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,ClanTzimisce,"I haven't put as many hours as others have put in. I was drawn in by my husband who has put in more hours than I can count, and wanted to include me in on the fun. At first I was skeptical, but as I played it I found I really enjoyed it. I enjoy the challenge that the game gives, as you travel and struggle to find the best resources available to build your village/town/kingdom, and when you complete it, that sense of achievement that you built something awesome.Now with every new release and update there's going to be glitches. It happens, but the build team has been attentive to the issues and do work at fixing what's wrong. That being said, I look forward to seeing the progress of the game as I continue to play. The glitches are minor on my end, so it's definitely not an End All for me, cause I know it takes time to smooth things out.I definitely recommend this game for gamers who enjoy this kind of Genre."
,Recommended,290080,12249152,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Crystlmeth,"This is by far the best early access game that has been made, in possibly ever. however, just like every other early access game, it is plaged with bugs, glitches and other such things. so if this type of game is not somthing you have been dreaming of, i would suggest waiting a few weeks/months before picking it up. it has a large amount of features that work, unlike other early access games, but it can be frustrating to get stuck on somthing, because the items you need arnt implemented/fixed yet. all in all, for me PERSONALLY, i would rate it 11/10, but that is only because this game is litterally what i have wanted to see from video games. but for those who dont dream about video games, i would give it a 8/10 for its Current level of playability."
76561198060945241,Recommended,290080,15586048,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,fujimatsu,I have played this game for nearly 700 hours for now..The most realistic game ever..Although it still has way to go.. There are many things that can be developed for this masterpiece...
,Recommended,290080,19401092,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,[D]eathstroke,A very very interesting game but not to be played alone. Can be very hard for beginners but the tutorial helps alot.
76561198057626270,Recommended,290080,19900877,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,CoyoteJohn,"This game has real potential, so long as the developers keep actively working on it. It says release, but it's more of a beta, as planned features are yet to come and some in-game features are still a bit buggy. It's also yet to be optimized and suffers from crashes and memory leaks. Definitely not a game for everyone, as the learning curve is steep without joining an established guild and the chances of surviving alone are slim. Also has a lengthy skill leveling system that will make some impatient players unhappy.Before you buy, I highly recommend looking this up on YouTube and getting an idea of what you're getting into. It's an excellent game if one can overlook the current issues - which the devs are actively working on. But, with all its cons, the medieval life you will lead in LiF:YO is extremely satisying, especially when you build your first house or complete the walls around your lands."
,Recommended,290080,23947267,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Alera,"As a server owner/operator I have decided to review LIFEYO from a game operation and maintenance standpoint. As you can see by the hours I have invested in this game, I love it. The critique I give here is out of love for the game and desire for improvements and is not meant to scare players or owners off. Consider it more of a this is what you will face as an owner statement.LIFYO is a grind both in play and in server operation. It is not for the impatient who want to get the best now, player or owner. Over the last year the Developers have made several changes to the menus of the game and the game itself so I will start with some of the menu changes.Be prepared to make several furnaces and forges. Before you are high enough level to make repairkits which need nails you will blow up many in the process. The forge and anvil used to last much longer before needing repair than it does now and in my view not much of an upgrade from the furnace in its current state. The crafting levels to make basic repair kits are too high in my opinion and should be a beginning level skill. Repair kits for a furnace that takes clay water and plant fiber to make, shouldn't need nails, so the devs should make a repair kit specific to those items or again make small repair kits a 0 level skill.Floor lamps being moved to the art crafting skill was silly. While I agree they shouldn't have been in construction, I think they should have been moved to the smelting tools menu and the skill level is too high. But that is just my take on it because I love lamps and hate the dark. The changes to torches were a blessing. Thank you Devs.The changes to raising and lowering items to combat log ladders and dirt ramps over walls. With the monument system the way it is these changes really weren't necessary in my view. They put a damper on creativity. There are not many servers for LIFYO that allow KOS or that have set judgement hours for these things to really matter.The way I see it is in a judgement hour situation if someone is making the effort to cut trees and lug logs to the walls of your claim and you aren't shooting them with every arrow you have thats on you. Same goes for dirt ramps and spirited horses. Yes, I get that most people find the jump factor of a spirited warhorse unrealistic but I find it fun and really not everything in the game has to be grindy and real life. It is a game after all. If someone is taking the time to make a ramp to my walls and im not killing them that is also on me.When I first started running the server there was a setting in the WorldID_1 file that allowed you to limit the height things could be raised. What they should have done is taken paintings and art type things off this setting and left it for the height of logs being floated. This would have solved the problems, but really anyone that didnt like the fact that you could raise and lower logs and float them like that could have fixed the problem by changing the setting in the file rather than complain.Now that the devs got rid of that option to adjust the height of things, beveled stone stairs dont stack right and clay is now nerfed making it harder to put in roads down mountain sides or build in high places. Again putting the damper on creativity in a game no new items are really coming out for.GM Mode. up until this last year gm mode as far as flight went worked great. Now dropping out of the sky in a spot you choose doesnt happen. You get dumped in the ocean. stuck above the horizon or dropped miles from where you flew to. Sometimes you now take fall damage or die from it. As a working Gm this is an annoyance especially when you get to the forest changes in the game. It has also become harder to maintain monuments for those on vacation as you can no longer feed a monument in gm mode. Having to create characters and take over a monument is a pain and eventually when there is more than 64 characters created on the server it starts throwing errors and ghosting messages in the console. I have also experienced fall damage teleporting to players.Mines, I love that they decay on their own. I wish unmonumneted settlements and unbuilt on terriforming as well as dirt piles from mines did to. Mines are killing players when they fight to get in and out of them. They throw you in the air sometimes to death. And they sometimes collapse on you while you are digging them if you aren't reinforcing from the get go.Players sometimes take fall damage getting off their horse. Horses wont go through some gates and you have to get off them and they throw you at unseen obsticles on the map. these can be as simple as a dip in the road or hillside.Decay, I don't know what happened, but it used to be that I could amp up player monuments, turn on decay at a reasonably high rate and the decay would take out terriforming, roads and unmonumented claims without burning down monumented ones. This isnt the case anymore and it doesnt seem to remove terriforming causing owners to either work like crazy fighting fires or work like crazy to undig old claims to get the grass back for new players without wiping the server.Last but not least and the biggest issue in the game is the forest algorithem. In theory this was a very nice idea to promote tree death and new growth to keep us from having to run tree scripts once or twice a month to thin the forest.In my view the tree script was less work and a better solution to the problem than what we have now. New owners beware. 220 days after server creation you will have a massive tree death in the west and south. You will lose almost all your hardwood, mullberry and apple everywhere. The description of how the algorithem works to balance trees to have lush forests with trees of all types is not factual. At 220 days in you will lose your player base because trees will die off at alarming rates leaving the west and south coasts almost barren and your players will go with them unless you edit your cm_forestry_maintenance.xml file changing that 220 rate to something in the thousands. The devs certainaly did not test this algortihem for the LIFYO map. While mass tree death may be good in the mmo on our tiny map it is devastating and a ton of work to restore things every 220 days leaving new players without hardwood to build with.Editing your xml file comes with a new set of problems. Lets say you change 220 to something like 1200. You will still experience tree death at alarming rates in 1200 ingame days If you are a no wipe kind of owner like me, which is another thing players hate, you will be fighting this issue at some point in your game no matter what you do. If you change these rates your forests will become over grown again at some point with no good tree script to help you fight the thickness of things as we were warned not to use the old scripts with the new algorithem.I think the devs need to revamp the trees on the LifYo map again making them all different ages in every map position so death and regrowth are not in huge areas at one time. The Lif Yo Map is too small for barren lands and nobody will build there. Case in point we see little building in the north because of the lack of resources and flat terrain. and speaking of resources it would be nice to have a granite source in the southern region. Lugging 180k granite from the big mountain down to the south for a castle is more than just a grind its a pain. I'm not complaing about the amount of mats needed mind you just the distance with no good rate of carry and no horse drawn carts as promised.(Sorry had to slip that in there somewhere)This is a good game, I personally love the game. I understand that the mmo was the Devs first dream but LIFYO was born and exists first and has a life of its very own and it DESERVES just as much attention as the MMO.While I recommend the game to players and owners alike I just wish the Devs would live up to their promises in the game and stop neglecting YO."
,Not Recommended,290080,12280341,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Gary Dozer,"Summary: While this game is pretending to be everything it fails to become anything in the foreseeable future.Yes, the game has absolutely no future except being an early access title until its distant demise. Yes, it will be early access for very long time. Take a couple of years.It is ridiculous how with such large gameplay scope developers fail to design even basic features and mechanics. It's not even interesting to study the design of the game as it is usual with other early access games.There are several very obvious evidences that the game is designed very poorly. What is bad about design flaws? Design flaw is much worse than even a hudred bugs. You just can't fix it without destroying some part of the game. And one design decision is always connected to the others. Redesign is a chain reaction that involves most part of the game to be reconsidered and recoded.As it is usual happens with independent developers they pay very little attention to a game design. They jump to start coding and modelling. Well it's good if you're designing another simple puzzle or arcade game - they tend to have very short development cycles. On the other hand - games with such gameplay scope as LiF have very long development cycle - about a year. It means time needed to code a tech demo after design revision.This development cycle we have now is already wasted. Next development cycle will be wasted too. Not just because developers are bad or something. But because the game system will be so complex that there will be unexpected results.To prove my point, here's some design flaws.1. Terraforming.Terraforming system is purely artificial and is a subject to heavy changes in the future. Right now terraforming consists of too artificially combined systems: landscape terraforming and tunneling. It is very easy to see that tunneling artificially blocks landscape terraforming in its vicinity. That's just because developers have no idea how these two systems should interact.Terraforming lies in the basis of the game so any changes to that system will result in a redesign of the whole game.There are so many questions that needs to be addressed here. Will there be a cave-ins? Can you build a house inside a mine? Maybe a farm? Do I need light inside? What if I will dig upward to the surface?2. Skills.Right now there are too many skills in the game with very little logic behind them.Let's say you want to be a hunter. Track animals and kill them to get hides and meat. Not so fast. It seems you have to learn how to plow ground first and grow crops. And only then you will be able to dry a deer's hide. That logic.Same problem with terraforming, prospecting and mining skills.There is no obvious way to choose some simple role. Skills are divided and interconnected in some weird and unexpected way. Obviously skill system will be revised very soon. It's just awful.3. Skill cap.Well, I bet developers are very proud they have ""invented"" a such an original way to milk LiF MMO players for money. Of course you will have to buy character slots. Why else this skill cap is even implemented? You won't be able to create anything in the game without 3-4 different characters involved. That's the only reason.The worst of design flaws are those which was made to make us spend money. Because you can't fix them and they ruin the game the most.4. Hunger.It is the best example of a system that haven't even been thought about. It's a typical placeholder. And yet it's the most important system. It is one of the reasons to make players settle in some place. Some place where they have created a food production chain. If you won't be able to make them settle - they will be roaming around freely to kill and destroy. Because it's the natural pastime of human beings.Right now you don't have to hunt, fish or grow crops. You only need to make weapons and armor to kill someone.Well, I'll just name few more problematic mechanics which have to be designed yet.5. Quality migration.6. Private property.7. Claiming lands.8. Criminal acts.9. Water travel.10. Howling-transporting goods.11. Deconstruction.12. Siege.13. Off-line characters.14. Tracking down criminals.15. Trading.... and much much more.It's sad to say that developers doesn't even bothered to study some references. Like Haven & Hearth, for example. It's obvious they have played it. Yet they haven't analyzed it's design decisions and flaws. And they already trying to invent something ""new"". While they only will end up reinventing the weel.Edit: Fixed mistake about skinning a deer. It was about drying hides, not skinning."
,Recommended,290080,19155758,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Catfish Billy,Truely awesome i don't know what people are talking about it running at 2 fps it runs just fine for me on ultra/high everything works perfect except for a server crash or 2 a day it is worth the money i'm 24 hours in without 1 dissapointment this is not a brainless game like rust or h1z1 if you like that i doubt you will like this.
76561198099329642,Recommended,290080,12957581,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Bourbonated,"The game is still alpha in every sense of the word, exploits and glitches are found and used by some players, yes this is annoying. Game lags and crashes at times yes this does make me rage, but only cause I enjoy this game greatly.I have said the bad above now on to the good, the game is designed to create a community, a fraction, a guild not a stand alone warrior. You will need other people to rely on to make you tools while you tend the land or have you back while being raided. Had good laugh with my clan The Mountain Men as we marched in full plate armour around the island demanding tribute or defending trade allies.People have made some great villages and towns, fortified and locked up tight with archers posted on the walls, you start to get concerned for you trade goods as you approch, even more concerned as you walk away after the deal is done.What is annoying is a lot of negative comments are done by people with low hours of game time, I was still learning at 100hrs. People complaining its only to fund/test the MMO, its the same game/code essentially, so kinda but not  the reasons they say.Is it worth the $40? for me yes, very much and I am looking forward to the MMO.If you are a little worried bout the alpha issue, wait easy as that.ThanksBourbonated"
,Recommended,290080,19332031,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Brutales,Medieval life simulator at it's best
,Not Recommended,290080,12940844,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Zomura,"Latest update added decay into the game for items on the ground (animal bodies, grave stones, bag loot) which is all well and good were it not for the fact that they gave people little to no time to pick up their items from the loot bags and into ""proper storage"". My group alone just lost 300+ flux/mortar after this patch, an item that is hard to create because its only found through the use of their terrible herbalism system of which they think so highly of (please stop comparing your herbalism to the elder scrolls herbalism system, thats laughable.) and in doing so has cemented my opinion as a not recommended game, 40 dollars is far too much of a price point for a lot of promises and no logical actions on the devs part, plus all of the deleting they keep doing to the comments ive seen on their forum is sketchy at best."
76561198013992867,Not Recommended,290080,33980440,Posted: 2 August,all,Nickr4080,"Immediatley regretted spending $40 on this. Enlisted military and make 21k a year, so I try to be careful with what I spend money on. The ""About"" section on the game page is a lie. You can't get any units to command on the battlefield. This game is more like Rust... Boring and strictly PvP."
76561198053135596,Recommended,290080,14549899,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,steve town,like it but some things taake to much time
76561198077254910,Recommended,290080,17906797,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Jericho Bain,"After the few months I've owned this game, I feel the need to write a review for it. So here goes..Life Is Feudal definitel has potential, and I have very much enjoyed it for upwards of 90% of my time playing. The other 10% I was getting mugged by a boar, arguing with in-server badmins, or moving dirt.. Otherwise, it's amazing. The realism is unrivaled by any other game I've played (except maybe Star Citizen. We'll see how that turns out). There is a very tight learning curve when you finally learn how to smack a tree with the rock you tied to a stick.With friends, it get's interesting as you argue over who will be the miner, who's gonna be the lumberjack, and who's gonna be the lazy chef who sits around until someone builds a fire. Nevertheless, whatever job you get stuck with, there's always going to be at least one small part of your job that you love, whether it be playing Human Bowling with logs, digging pits in the middle of camp, or bringing a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off boar through a group of people.Without friends, you will make new ones so long as you have a mic. Typing in this sort of game has always been a hassle for me... Actually, ANY game for that matter... Either way, it gets interesting when you have no idea who the other person is, and with that disconnect you actually start believing they are their character, which only helps the immersion.As far as actual gamplay goes, it's really quite relaxing. There's no real rush to get a mountain of materials, so as long as you remember where your camp is, it's nice to just take a walk through the forest and have a look of your surrroundings. Anyone playing this game for long enough realizes it's anything BUT a good-looking Minecraft. You just have to take your time and ""learn"" how to do things. Personally, I've never gotten further than a hut for me and each of my four buddies, but give it enough time and it becomes feasable to build a decent fort..Long story short, I have nothing that I truly love or hate about the game.. It's all more just put together in such a way that I can't help but feel relaxed. The music is nice and fits the mood of the game really well (it's basically like the old-timey ambience that Skyrim or Lord Of The Rings has). The graphics aren't perfect, but for open world, that's quite a big challenge, so I can only appreciate the good effort they put into it looking as good as it does.I would recommend this game to others, as long as they have friends to play with and/or a headset with a microphone.Anyone interested in playing together, feel free to send me a friend request. I don't care if you just bought the game or you have several hundred hours into the game. It's all the same to me.P.S. From what I can see, anything I don't especially enjoy about the game (that I feel it's missing) looks like it's going to be added in the MMO variant. What I mean specifically is one open, procedural world with up to 10,000 people on any single dedicated regional server. The general lack of people in any current server is the only reason I don't have a ton of hours into this game. I can't do everything needed to survive by myself, and it actually get's kinda lonely alot of the time.I hope this review helps!"
76561198039226058,Recommended,290080,19987309,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,AncientSpiritsofEvil,"Frustrating as hell to learn but deeply rewarding the more you progress. Alot of people say it is easier to play as a group but I am enjoying my hemitage up in the hills. If you decide to go solo as I have, be ready for ALOT of grinding in order to get the skills/materials you need to set up your first homstead. Fun and rewarding mideval life simulator: 8/10"
76561198137581642,Recommended,290080,20000347,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,=DRK= GAZIMBO,"If you are looking for a pick up and play sandbox game where you will have swords,spears,bows and arrows and armor in the first 20-30 mins, then this game is not for you.If you want a sandbox game that is a real test, that force's you to work with your friends to get the most basic things done, and that gives you the chance to not just survive but to build a community and thrive then give this game a go.I will tell now that it will not be easy, it will take time, it will push you close to keybord smashing rage but when you start to understand the game and make headway then it becomes a rewarding experiance.Many thanks."
76561198021430946,Recommended,290080,18082925,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Nemesis,"I have to admit that I like the game, sure it's a steep learning curve and is confusing at first but it actually gets you thinking and planning what your next move might be, I like others have seen the reviews left by people who haven't even stuck around ingame for a hour before coming on here and whinning about how the controls are broken, can't do this, can't do that etc etc etcHow about using your brain and explore, try new things learn before leaving a stupid untrue review of a game that could very well become great....button mashing sad acts.Yes so as some of the other reviews have stated there is a lot that goes into the game itself and it probably would be best to play with a few friends if you want to get things done quicker since there is a lot of reasource gathering, skill developing, planning and building involved to progress from standing on the beach in your pants to having your own house or castle!Sure writting a review that lays it all out for you praising it as a great game would be helpful but that's just my opinion....yours might be different.All I can say is try it yourself and form your own opinion you never know you might actually like it, hell the first time I played it I didn't have a clue so ran about the beach for a while, eventually managed to build a fire, went for a swim and drowned! Would build a fire and drown again.So play it, like it or don't like it just give it a few hours game time before coming on here and whinning like a total clown please.Cheers"
,Recommended,290080,17668964,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Marv Ellis,"game of longevity, lots of bugs and crashes.  but still fun to play"
,Recommended,290080,20173720,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Captain Amazing,"Mount & Blade style combat with skill combos, crafting and combat skills with HARDCORE depth, and the ability to alter the terrain similar to minecraft. Tame animals and breed horses. Build a humble cottage yourself or join others and construct an enormous castle town. Recommended and well worth the purchase for the hardcore enthusiast."
76561197981368021,Recommended,290080,18083132,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Aitan Liran (Kelev Rah),"Do I recomend this game? Yes.Do I recommend buying it? Not with a price tag of anything over $20.Quick Thoughts:-Building is satisfying-Community and team work is a must-You can solo, but you will suck... and you will die (make your own server for solo)-Combat is unpolished-Level of detail in materials needed for building is awesome-Too many materials needed for building with out a few people working together-Skill cap works if you have people to play with (without friends) find a server with a higher skill capThis game is rewarding, challenging but grindy as the @%#$. To be honest though, it really works here.There is a ton of buildings to build and it would be a shame if you could simply make them right off the bat. This game takes time, and patience and when you finally build your first home... it feels great. Although one might argue that it takes to long, that one should also understand that this game is a prequal to an MMO. So the grind is required.If you don't like grinds, then simply make your own server with the click of a button and alter the skill cap and skill gain as well as plant growth rate, or animal feeding rate, ect. Now... about that skill cap. I personally love the idea of a person needing to specialize in something. The problem? If you pick the wrong class tree to go down... you waisted a lot of time, so go online and look up a tutorial, because none exists on game. However, as I like descovering things as I go, I ask around a lot and for the most part it's a good community.Now, about that combat! I am garbage at PvP so it always kinda sucks when someone raids my town (without walls) every day at the same time. And sure, while it may annoy me a little, i must say it adds a sense of realism to the world. The times back then sucked without or even with walls. Raiders bring it all together though and make the world feel alive. While I trade with one town, another is pumping out♥♥♥♥♥hats to attack me on sight. However, the combat itself kinda feels... like trash and quite unpolished. But then again, keep in mind I am not one for PvP so it could be that I suck. I guess there is only one way to find out.Gathering is tedious and terrible but honestly very very important. You need it to make everything. I am not just talking about gathering sticks and stones... I am talking about gathering ore (which could take forever - This is not minecraft - move along) Or gathering 5 out of the (what seems like) 50 types of plants out there so you can make one item that is needed in ALL bigger buildings... Get an herbalist people... you need them... and they are playing the worst this game has to offer so you can makes walls and houses, and maybe one day even castles.All in all this is an interesting game that is okay. Not great but certainly not bad. I would simply recomend getting this with a group of friends. But not so much if you are a solo player."
,Recommended,290080,21886685,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,capsure,"The game has certainly gone through its ups and downs over the development lifecycle. The dev team has been really involved with the community and implemented many of the ideas we had to improve the game.  Even though the game is a ""full"" release now, it doesn't mean its not continuously being updated and improved.  The ""full"" release was done when they implemented the initial features they said they would from the kickstart backed campaign they ran.  This game is just a small nuget of what the eventual end product will be for LiF.  This game is a very good world suvival/simulator and has exponential possibility. Really happy with how far this game has come from where it started."
,Recommended,290080,23964947,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Zingo,"This game is deep, grindy and RP'ish. If you don't like any of mentioned things - you probably won't like it. It's special. And when you will buy it - take time to search for servers that suits your needs - otherwise you will regret buying it. The devs are pretty slow, but their plans are pretty big. As for now, they're opening Life is Feudal: MMO and that's huge. Everyone will have a place in MMO :) Will be waiting for you!"
,Not Recommended,290080,29878905,Posted: 12 February,all,Arkbird,"I really can't recommend this game. After a whole day of grinding, I barely even built anything. The crafting system is unintuitive and the tutorial is very poorly designed. You have to equip tools to be able to craft stuff even if you're sitting with said item in your inventory. Everything takes forever to make, so long that I wonder if this wasn't meant to be played with 20 friends! It's really grindy with absolutely no reward at the end of the day. Even though it's been out for quite some time, it seems unpolished. There are visual glitches in the animations, no help system included and the battle system feels like it belongs in the 1990's. Think of this as a cheaper 3D version of Runescape, with no monsters, no animals, and no one to play with."
,Recommended,290080,21242952,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,sn0wnyc,"For the years and years I've played games, I've never quite found one that was as immersive as this..Quite the unique experience from combat to skill building, roleplaying and building towns, cities and farms.I play on a heavy RP server with alot of events so its pretty wild how much goes on.10/10 Recommend this to everyone everytime.IP that I play on ; 199.102.79.66:22685"
,Recommended,290080,18173828,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,JenkinMcFenkin,"I'm not going to lie, this is probably one of the better games that I've had the pleasure of trying."
,Recommended,290080,18719965,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Mortem,Haven't played that much.. And heard allot of bad things about hitboxes.. And that this is some demo to there MMO that were paying to beta for.. Still Im enjoying this game so far.. Not had a single combat.. but worked as a miner and woodcutter to aid a town grow and become bigger.. So far Its been a blast.. But I can see this game sucking so much if your alone.. This is definantly a COOP/multiplayer must game..I give it a 6.5/10 for now.. For a good concept and that i seen some good development so far..It still got a long way to go. but I like what i see..
,Recommended,290080,18728354,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Yhivu,"This game is steadily being updated and allows for slightly new experiances every so often. The game is pretty much a big empty island with very little to worry about except starving to death, that is, if you play alone.This game needs to have a good size community to play with as you will be able to create towns, castles, trade routes and of course war.The gameplay itself can get rather slow at times while you grind away at raising your skill, but if your playing online you will constantly be looking over your shoulder trying to find someone whos not supposed to be there and instantly go into a defensive posture as you slowly approach them.Because after all.... Life is Feudal."
76561198042610161,Recommended,290080,17981503,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,mussij,"Amazing, so many features, a hidden gem!"
,Recommended,290080,17992382,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,━╤デ╦︻✫RAW✫,awesome game love it keep up the great work devs !!!!
76561198063751626,Recommended,290080,17886204,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,KaiserABRichter,"INTRODUCTIONThis game is a great game. With its early access. Its still fun. Sure there is no tutorial for how to craft stuff. But the fun is going online and finding out how. You dont want to know how to do everything in one way how. You could be know the craftings of only a Blacksmith or how to build or make food and not know anything else. Thats the main fun. The other fun thing is how the guilds work. They arent like a regular MMO medival guild. Its Realistic. Come home from work, hop on the game. Say hi to your buddies and tell the new people where you from. I met a guy today from Kentucky. He helped me skin a bear. And then, after that you do your job. And do the same. The other people who play for 9 hours guard or are the Owners of the faction. The System is great, and the people are very very nice. Greatest community I have ever met. Another thing that happened today, it took 3 guys with Scale armour to kill a beartwo went unconious the other fired like 16 arrows into the bear. They said it was dangerous for me because I had Leather.And so I went out, I found a bear and they warned me, I got knocked down sure and retreated to the water. I then slinged it and retreated. Slinged it and retreated. About 50 Slings and it ran away but I slinged it about 4 more times. It sat down and it got tired. Finally it died after 8 more slings. I got the Black guy to come, Everybody was amazed at what I had done and I felt like this was the best game I had played this year. I am waiting for more to comeREALISMThis game is trying to be realistic also. With the way the AI act to how long crafting and growing trees are. I would love it if there would be guids with huge factions with Neighborhoods with about 6 people in each house and a Kingdom with about 50 people. Men and Woman (Woman that are Girls irl would be alot realistic then Fake woman) filled in the houses. It would also be great if there was random AI bandits. the AI bandits for the Wolves and Bears are great! Sneaking upon there prey. I stalked upon a Wolf and followed it upon Miles until it turned around and tried to eat me. It ran after it saw my buddies chase upon it. That was also a great feeling! It acts like real AI! Bandits or enemy humans would be a great addon with own tents and also expanding and also coming from the Ocean sailing with ships.ONLINE: PLAYERS AND THE COMMUNITYThe players are friendly and feel like your talking to real friends irl. They are helpful and its unlike the true internet that insults with or on your Iphone with all kinds of Drama. I only have seen a admin have to ban a player for Sexually assaulting sombody and then trying to kill him. But I then heard he was a new player as his friend joined. The new players can also be very nice. This may be my first day but this is my experince. Diffrent then any other game I played. Sometimes the Younger players that are 12-15 would do somthing like hit you but as long as you know them well and you die close to a house that you spawn at. Best is not to scream at them unless your teamates do. A man named Jacob kept killing us in our own guild. But it was fun, we all hid in a barn and Jettman the owner moved and he found us all... But we were all having fun because we all worked hard on our skills and getting Resources so what else do we do? Going raiding is fun sure but I mean real fun.GRAPHICSThe Graphics are good. Includeing the Sun going down looked realistic not just going down instantly. It took time. I played on all Settings High and the game didnt lag or give me a bad Framerate either. Only a couple lag spikes. But I would give the Graphics a 9/10. I heard alot of people say the Graphics are good.OVERALLI think this game is well done and not rushed. I never wrote this big of a review besides Arma 3. But this review means more then any other of my Reviews. I think the Dev's did a great job on this. They even reply to complaints. A review complaint was a guy that was banned because he said the game was boring in Early alpha. He later was unbanned because of his Review which changed. Other Developers dont do this. Other games ignore peoples bad reviews and ban them thinking it solves it until they ban half of there game. Everybody is nice. Give this game a try. Watch broacasts also to help."
,Recommended,290080,19392807,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,seer,"The devs are active, and the current problems it has are the sort that money will fix. It is worth £15 not £25, in its current state, so get it during a sale.The player community is lovely, and in a way the game's mechanics encourage cooperative behaviour through roleplay and establishment of organisations such as 'kingdoms'. Individual players have the opportunity to make their own choices in a (sometimes) violent world, so there is a balance between gaining followers through public image and power.The 'Mixed' rating is because the game was put up for alpha in a state where most players experienced game-breaking bugs, this is no longer the case. The game is now about ready for release. It could take players directly from minecraft.Once the game switches to being an MMO they will be re-submitting it to the store, so the rating will be reset without the hindrances and I'm expecting positive reviews."
76561198052916548,Recommended,290080,24467004,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Lenarch,I love this game though it takes a lot of time to learn how to get stuff done and requires team work its not a solo game I mass brewed Mead and traded it for things I needed cant wait for MMO make it easier to be a better Trader
,Recommended,290080,18240750,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,wacky tobacky,"Yah, I played it a bit. It was OK, I guess...In all seriousness though, I've been taking a break due to school and what-not for about five months, but I used to play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it, hence the 1500 hours. It's an incredible game. I remember the first month it was out, the sense of exploration, real people trading with others, people owning bustling shops, real landlords with real slaves and farmers, real crafting specialists, it's all player-driven, no NPC's.It just got better and better, exploring new things, no developed Wiki to guide you through, and after a year it evolved into what it is now. They have built upon an epic, moldable foundation and the game has so much content to work with.Yes, it can get incredibly repetitive, but that is if you deny the way it is supposed to be played, and that is with others. In feudal times, you would have to rely on other to assist you in survival, it's not supposed to cater towards people who want to bolster all skills and survive on their own. A house needs glass, for that you need a smithing craftsman, It needs lumber, so that needs a carpenter. And then finally, you need an architect to design the house. You cannot adorn all these skills alone, so it forces you to rely on others which is something really cool.Bustling player-built cities, large-scale battles on open fields, struggles for resources and power influence, the things that happen in this game are endless.Right now, they are 64-slot servers... imagine everything I said above on a 10000 slot server, which is what is planned for the near future... AWESOME!"
,Not Recommended,290080,12276088,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Rattenviech,"Tried this game when it first came to steam. This is a rather my experience than a Review.So. You came here to build a house? Okay lets start by learning the TERRAFORMING skill. Thats needed in order to become a CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS PREPERATOR.... (whatever the hell that is). When achieved a sufficient level (60 in most cases), by digging up ground for HOURS,  you begin preparing  construction materials, needed for your later home. Again, you do this FOREVER, till you achieved rank 60 in that skill. When you made it that for it allows you to learn the construction skill.... With lvl 30 in that you made it. after 8 hours of boring skill lvling, you think you achieved a point of mastery where you can finaly build a home, no, HOMES for many! But no. Lvl 30 in construction allows you to build WOODEN objects only. Well... okay. Lets start cutting down some trees you say? NO. FIRST LEARN FORRESTING (planting trees, examining trees, and getting branches from them), WHICH IS NEEDED FOR LOGGING. So, note that youve spent about 10 hours of gameplay just for achieving the necessary skills to build a house on that 1 particular server. Okay finally you can start cutting down those stupid trees you examined 50 times each. Well, some of them. THe hard wood trees are to tough for you with your logging lvl 30. After you cut down your first tree and wondered ""Eh what the heck do I do with that log now."" You realize that you have to learn ANOTHER SKILL, to make something out of logs. Yea Logging lvled to 60, CARPENTRY ACQUIRED. you start sawing those 1000 logs into the most beautiful boards mankind has ever seen and look at all the work youve done.... Preparing to FINALLY start building your home sweet home. You begin building your little wood shed... but whats this... nails needed?! FFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU-Okay you already learned Terraforming so, no big deal. Lets beginn with learning PROSPECTING. TO LVL 60, to be able to prospect for iron. After that you learn MINING, again to lvl 60, to be able to get the precious Iron ore you lust for and to be able to SMELT the Iron.... YOU NEED TO SMELT TONS OF IT, but only skill smelting to lvl 31 this time, because the next skill you have to learn, Smithing can be kept at lvl 1. Thats a present from the game designers to you, nails can be forged with a Smithing skill of lvl 1.15 hours later, just after finishing a shaggy wood hut, the server crashes, disappears forever.GG, 0/10Try/buy the game when it became a MMO."
76561197984636266,Not Recommended,290080,34119620,Posted: 9 August,all,QuartsBanger,Abandoned. They stated and STILL STATE- we get one full character to access to the full version of the mmo.. I just linked and its still wanted 57$.
,Recommended,290080,12181394,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,EhnidTv,"""Un juego prometedor"".Life is Feudal: Your Own, es una versión previa a lo que será un MMO muy ambicioso. Por lo que he podido probar hasta ahora, os puedo decir, que el juego aunqu está verde, es funcioanl y puede uno hacerse una idea de lo que será el juego final cuando lo acaben.No compres este juego si piensas jugar sólo:Life is feudal, se puede considerar como un verdadero simulador de vida Feudal. Empiezas sin nada y tienes que crear todo de cero, pero no experes una experiencia acelerada como ocurre en otros juegos. Si bien hay servidores en los que la progresión está acelerada y puedes aumentar tus estadisticas y habilidades rapidamente, la versión final del juego pretende ser un simulador de la vida Feudal y bajo mi punto de vista bastante realista. Tendrás que crear herramientas primitivas que te permita recolectoar recursos para hacer otras herramientas más complejas y así poder obtener recuersos a su vez más complejos. Deberás crear tus estaciones de crafteo y hacerlo todo desde cero. Crear un horno, moldear la arcilla para hacer un molde donde más tarde verter los metales fundidos que te permitiran crear un yunque por ejemplo. Si piensas hacer todo esto tu sólo, posiblemente estés muerto antes de que puedas hacerte una choza donde estar a salvo.Es un juego de grupo, gestionar los recursos, esconder tus tesoros, hacer guardias. Nuestro personajes tiene un limite de capacidad. Lo que no puedas llevas encima, tendrás que esconderlo. Posiblemente debas hacer guardias con tus compañeros de juego para mantener vuestros progresos a buen recaudo. Necesitarás todo el espacio libre en vuestra mochila para poder hacer las labores y trabajos que tendrás que desempeñar si quieres que tu grupo progrese y se haga fuerte dominando estas medievales tierras.Debereis trabajar muy duro, debereis organizaros, hay muchas cosas que hacer. Hay que procurar comida para el grupo, recursos para avanzar y dar protección a todos los que estan trabajando en vuestro asentamiento.La politica será fundamental. Vuestra supervivencia se basará posiblemente, no sólo en el numero de hombres que seais, si no también en saber ser diplomáticos. Hacer alianzas cuando es necesario o dejar claro al resto quien manda en el territorios que estás trabajando.Todos querrán hacer su aldea y progresar, tener una fortaleza, un castillo y hacerse grande. Pero habrá muchos que no puedan conseguirlo y se dediquen a saquear al resto. Life is feudar es un mundo libre, no hay roles predefinidos. Se lo que quieras ser. Puedes crear tu imperio. Puedes vivir robandole a los ricos y repartirlo entre los tuyos. Quizas prefieras ser un mercenario y prestar tus servicios a un guild a cambio de un suculento botin, o simplemente explotar los recursos del mundo y proveer a otros reinos. O por el contrario, quizas quieras hacer de intermediario. Comprar los excedentes a unos y venderselos a los otros. Puedes ser un señor de la guerra y dedicarte a fabricar armas con las que comerciar con los reinos en guerra....Las posibilidades son infinitas, porque las reglas las pone la comunidad. Y este puede ser el peligro y punto debil del juego. Es un juego que depende de una comunidad activa de jugadores y ahí estará el exito o no del juego.Lo cierto es que es un juego no apto para todos los publicos. Es un juego hardcore, no apto para cryer. Deseamos mucha suerte a los desarrolladores y esperamos que sean capaces de sacar el juego de forma sólida y sin dar oportunidad a los hackers para joder este juego.Yo por mi parte, lo he comprado para dar el apoyo al proyecto. Como juego a día de hoy es entretenido si juegas con varios amigos y una gran oportunidad para ir aprendiendo la dinamica del juego que es bastante más compleja y extensa de lo que a priori parece.En resumen, un autentico Sandbox simulador puro y duro de lo que sería vivir y progresar en un mundo medieval.Disfrutadlo.IMPORTANTE: No lo compreis si esperais encontrar un juego terminado y sin bugs. Muchas de los arboles de habilidades y progresiones aún no están implantados. Está todo en fase de desarrollo y aunque es jugable, no hay servidores estables y son reseteables. Tu personajes y su progreso así como los cambios que hagas en el juego están sujetos a que el server sea reseteado (y con ello la perdida de todo el progreso en ese server), cosa que ocurrirá más a menudo de lo que os gustaría."
,Recommended,290080,19268183,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Jcornelius92,"This Game offers some great points that most game developers try to put into their games but are lacking, LIF:YO however is a different story, the game itself is challanging and time consuming, something long forgotten in the games of modern. I have logged 19 hours into this game and i have barely scratched the surface into what this game has to offer. Very pleased to have caught this game on sale but i would gladly pay the full $39.99.**This game is so much more fun with friends so pick them up a copy!"
,Recommended,290080,18079054,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Kerstboom,if u can look past the bugs then this game is awsomei  recommend u play in a group
76561198061373193,Recommended,290080,14593241,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Hollow,"I've logged almost 100 hours, so i'm commenting. The game is fun. However there is alot of unfinished contents, it is worth the price in my opinion. Due to the fact there is so much and the community is friendly on the site and dedicated dev's."
,Recommended,290080,19384014,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,⎛⎝⎝ 𝒮 𝓊 𝓅 𝓮 𝓇 𝟲𝟳 ⎠⎠⎞,"Yes I recommend. I will write a review when game is released, I don't think they should have the ability to review games before they are out, or at least have the reviews wiped on release. So I give thumbs up because I don't think it is fair."
,Recommended,290080,19831195,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Cal - twitch.tv/Hoachin,"Spent 12 hours by myself leveling up and bulding my first hut etc, logged in the next day to find a guild had destroyed my 12 hours worth of work. 10/10 will not waste 12 hours of my life again.Don't play this by yourself, its pretty much pointless. Still recommended if you have friends to group with."
76561198084378385,Recommended,290080,31513848,Posted: 2 May,all,Sir Jordan,"One of the best games i've ever played, There are some things i wish they would change back. Game is quite a grind which is what I enjoy.If you dont mind the grind and the time consuming tasks, then this game is definitely for you."
,Recommended,290080,18755391,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,[H2O]Djkrownz,"I have not played the game a lot only 43 hours, but I will say that what I see so far is good. I mean at first I thought that the crafting was a little hard but after about two hours of talking to some guys that pretty good at the game I got a litle better at it. I know how to craft stuff, like little stuff like one of the small huts. I never built anything bigger I just got the supplies. I love the game though. It is very early but is already pretty good from what I can see. So I would give this a 7/10 since it is not done yet."
76561198068428071,Recommended,290080,17483839,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,onix007,wow that is all i can say i have never play a game that i had to grid so much but it kept me coming back for more u will love this game or hate it
,Recommended,290080,12151329,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Vantus Schwuli McPoof,"Take Mount & Blade, mix it with some The Elder Scrolls, a flavor of Minecraft and you get Life Is Feudal.Please note: There is a difference between Your Own and the MMO."
,Recommended,290080,12270763,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,WillyMcBride,"(Skip to bottom for review)STORYI found out about this game a week before it came out, and my excitement was crazy! I cringed at the price, but knew that i was not only getting this game, but getting a slot in the MMO RPG version as well: which made me feel less nervous about  the price. Finally it downloaded, and i jumped right in with a few friends.It was hard in the beginning because we had absolutely no idea how to play. But we got along nicely. We found a very nice European server where we joined up with the locals in making a town. I was incredibly surprised to find that i had no lag though my ping was 200. Once we got the rhythem of things, we began to enjoy it alot more.We set up a little village in a valley where it would be easy to make a living. Farms surrounded our village, mines were started on the outskirts, and the village flourished...kinda. I will point out that it is very hard to start a village, let alone maintain it. But we did!At this moment our village still sits in that little valley, where we live in peace and hope to one day become a flourishing city...REVIEWThis game is a very ambitious one: the amount of things you can do is outstanding!Everything from mining and crafting to cooking and farming: this game offers a spot for every person's interest.There are bugs of course, but they are being resolved quickly, The developers have proven to me that they are dedicated, and show that through the patches that are put into the game, however small they may be.The bugs i've noticed are more server side and game crashes than actual in-game bugs. In all honesty, the game as Early Access is coming along quite nicely.However good the game may be, people still get turned off by the price.So my advice to people thinking about buying the game is this: If you are interested in the game, by all means get it. But be warned that you may have some troubles along the way. But in the end you get two games out of it: Life is Feudal: Your Own edition, and the MMO RPG version when it comes out.My advice to the developers is this: Please tone down the price. 40 dollars is not something you would expect from something labelled as Early Access, however far a long the development of the game may be. I understand that you are trying to fund the MMO RPG, but more people will buy it if the price is around 20 dollars. You will still make the same profit you are now because more people will buy it."
,Recommended,290080,12949191,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Cautious510,I've played a bit.  My friend has had it a month and put 512 hours in so far.  WTF/11.
,Recommended,290080,19314539,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Roche,"One of the best games I've played in quite a long time. I've not been able to play another game sence the offical release of the game. This game does have a while to go yet till it's ""Finished"" but in this day and age no game is ever finished upon release. You want to keep evolving and this game has shown us from Early Access to release that it has no intentions of quiting. They keep updating and adding new features. This game is a fun and safe buy. You'll have thousands of hours of game play out this game if you play solo and with a group I'd imagine you'd have much more then that. As I've said sence this games release I've played every night all night with a group of friends I've made in game and wow has it been a blast. Please support this game and it's creators. This will go a long way."
76561198006402179,Recommended,290080,13187656,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,William Bonney,"The Alpha of this game has been great, for the players and the company. I've played a lot of alpha's, beta's, and pre-orders. This is already become my idea of a great game. As with most gamers, in the back of our minds we all have a ""dream game that one day I'll make."" And at least for me as a strategy, simulation, and Sandbox Multiplayer type guy, this is great, and as close as anyone has come.It's very much like the game Civilization, except you are the Settlers and Worker units you sent out to start a city. You build improvements as the Worker unit in and around your city. You clear trees. You farm the land. You build city improvements (Shops, Kitchen, Warehouse, Walls, Market (Trading Post).You build Roads, often between cities, especially those within your kingdom.And combines that with a FPS, even though the models and actual combat are rather lackluster. Well, except for the armor models, the Heavy and Royal versions of all of them are pretty sweet. But eh, it's there. It will be improved."
76561198021226205,Recommended,290080,14305544,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,treycox33,"I like the game overall….BUT it takes forever to do anything. Terraforming takes a tremendous amount of time for even a small shack. . If you were able to map out/select multiple tiles to terraform and then go to it, that would make building more enjoyable. Also, gathering resources is very limited due to the amount you can carry at one time. The lack of any real in-game guidance can drive you crazy, as I had to have LIF pages open on my ipad to actually learn to play. Some in-game help, the ability to mouse hover and get some real item description, a better item placement system, actionable furniture, and easier terraforming to start. But I love to build and hope the devs continue to build and listen to $39 advisory team."
76561198013491070,Recommended,290080,14701582,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Yaz,"It's a great sandbox game. It will keep you busy for hours and hours if you are into slow pace RPG/social games.Pros:Very in depth craftingDecently large mapencourages social interaction and RPVery friendly atmosphere on some server ( some more like rust on others )Very emersive...beautiful skys and landscapesSO MUCH DEPTH TO EVERYTHING ( the quality of the dirt you plant your seeds in will effect their quality ) Everything has a quality, the higher the better.Cons:Still some bugstextures dont always line up perfectly in the landscape right now leaving small gaps that you can see throughTunnels can be annoying ( you'll see )Rocks are bad mmmkay? ( you cant level rocks and they get in the wya of building ) Tunneling ^^ doesnt fix it either because you cant build where you mined.Things to think about... Do you have hours and hours to spend every night? no? then run away.. but if you do this game is so fun. Get a few friends or make a few friends to build settlements quickly. Remember how many points you get to spend is based on what the srver is set at.I have a hosted server [EST] Impulse Gaming, there is light RP on the server and we are working on building an arena for our pvp and tournaments with prizes ( in game prizes ) we have the skills cap set at max at 3,000 which is still FAR from what you would need to max everything. So plan ahead what you want to do.There are guides and wikis all over for help !!Most important!!! ********* If you do not want a skill in something open the skills page ( L ) and change the skill to either hte lock to not level or the down arrow to downgrade levels."
,Not Recommended,290080,32294307,Posted: 9 June,all,Edward/Miriam,"Has a long way to go but it has the frame of a brilliant game. The things that bug me about this game is how grindy and slow moving it is. If I get home from a tiring day at work I want to play games. And by games I mean things that make me enjoy what I'm doing and not bored. Considering the game is 60% moving dirt, 20% building, 10% looking for things and then 10% getting mauled by overpowered animals, I'd say this game is only for a select few gamers.The only fun I ever have with this game is in GM mode, and even then it takes ages to kick dirt around so you can build structures. I'd say what this game lacks is an area flatten tool for GM mode or instead of GM having a 1 second flatten, just instant flatten. Then, players can grind as much as they want but if they need a helping hand to get passed the boredom of terraforming, they can just ask for a GM character or go GM themselves.On my own servers I play on, I have 2 characters, one is called Admin One and the other is my RP character name. I rarely use the admin character for actual admin duties, I use him to waste just a tiny bit less of my life terraforming than I would do without it.Again, great frame for a brilliant game, just seems at the minute a bit overpriced for what it is and hella boring.I'd only recommend buying this game if you're really into progressing in games as in taking a long while to work towards something. If you're like me and just want to relax after work or just in general then I wouldn't get it"
76561198016650817,Recommended,290080,12154354,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,James,"Very good. And I hope that it will be even much better after finish. This is the game that I really missed! We will see its progress but for now, it is really great start!"
76561198082593761,Recommended,290080,19560744,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,mdbnicholls,This game blew me away from the moment i got it if you want to play as a person in medieval times starting from nothing to being able to build a unique and massive guild this game will be your second life. Its proven its worth to me by just being ridiculously accurate and just plainly fun. My only question is will their ever be a different map of any sort? Like a random or preset option? its extremely fun and all but i think if i were to continue to play this i would start to realize and mabye remember where all the nice living areas are and strategic material placement and stuff like that i think randomizing would offer this game the cherry on top of my grade of 10/10 would recomend
76561198081801695,Recommended,290080,19170221,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,LucidInsanity,"ive been wanting to get this game for  a while , but then it went on sale! and also they did some massive changes and i absolutely love the graphics and gameplay. im still new to the game, its kinda of a grind in the bigenning but its fun :)"
,Recommended,290080,13043233,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Mysterian,"For me it felt lame as♥♥♥♥♥♥to start with. But as fast as you learn the skill system and such, it's just getting more and more fun! I won't recommend this to a person with no patience, since this game requres some time to get into. Otherwise this game is awesome!"
76561198027581533,Recommended,290080,16251102,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,[Nedris],"This game is full of possibilities and with lovely game mechanics, yeah its hard and full of bug yet , and it still need a lot of work to become the game that we would like to have when we buy this one, but i love it, u can totally change the world in which u will spawn, build crazy cities, start to trade with other cities, start a conquest war or simply destroy everyone and everything if u can.... i mean here u can create a new world, not only with fight but with politic, with diplomacy, with trade etcetc..I think that if u are alone, u would have some prob with the game, it require a group to give the top but in game a lot of groups look for new people so dont be scared and buy it..Im pretty sure it will become the game that should be"
,Recommended,290080,12853557,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Gibson,"You find yourself alone on a beach, wearing nothing but your trousers and carrying a handful of cookies for survival. As you run towards the nearby forest you see four men in leather rush up a nearby road with crossbows in hand. You decide against your better judgment to follow them up a mountain. You watch from behind a tree as they stealthily get into position below a larger force of heavily armed people. The scene before you begins to unravel; There is a vast mountain fortress with high walls and an impenetrable gate. The defenders are raining arrows and bolts down on top of the besiegers who have chopped down the trees and used them to erect palisade walls for cover. The group you followed is allied with the defenders, and just as they are about to open fire the attackers spot them. Swords are drawn and chaos ensues. Two attackers and three defenders are ultimately slaughtered, one taking a crossbow bolt to the back of the head, and the rest falling to melee combat. As the leather archers retreat to their own stronghold, the battle ends as the injured and exhausted attackers make their way back to their Viking kingdom to count their spoils and nurse their wounds. A protracted, two hour long siege on a mountain fortress, all taking place within your first in-game day. You run to some corpses and find gear, running off into the woods to begin your own adventure, and avoid the bloodthirsty feuds of warring nations.This is Life, and it is Feudal. The above is an example of something which happened on the server I play on, and I am sure on many others as well. The game itself is something many people have been waiting for - a true role playing game where you take on the task of a builder, farmer, carpenter, blacksmith, miner, forester, healer, alchemist, and so on. Players must work together to survive, establishing settlements and hunting wildlife, mining deep tunnels and clear cutting entire forests. Everything you build, or grow, or cook, must be made from things gathered elsewhere, bringing a sense of true accomplishment to completed tasks, doing away with the instant gratification many games provide for us these days.Will you be a bandit? A Thane of a Viking keep? A humble farmer serving under a just and noble lord, or a wandering merchant selling his possibly ill-gotten goods to the highest bidder? The choice is yours in Life is Feudal, and for an early access Alpha game, it is arguably one of the best games to date in my opinion. Aside from the random crashing, and a few mechanics in game that one would expect to be completely possible but are not implemented yet, I would strongly recommend this game to anyone and everyone who loves medieval times and role playing games.10/10 !"
,Recommended,290080,16193997,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,WindraX,"Life is Feudal is the best medieval sandbox game ever.You can build your own little hut, a big house, a giant castle, it all depends on what is your motivation level and how many friends you got.You literally start with nothing, you got to find everything on your own from trees, rock soil, grass and animals. There is a hunger system that is not too exigent, if you eat good food you'll be statisfied for a while.You can craft TONS of different types of armor/tools/weapons, deblocking the skills to craft and use them with practice and work.The learning curve is steep, you'll have to spend a few hours to understand how to do relatively complex things. Harvesting/collecting materials can be a little bit grindy at some points, especially when you want to build a huge house or big castle walls but it's a guaranteed fun time.As of now, the game is not finished, it's in early access so there's a lot more that the devs are planning to add but still, it got a lot of content for an ""unfinished"" game.You can be an archer, a knight, a crossbowmen, a bandit or claim yourself as the king of the land, it all depends on your ambitions and your skills. Depending on the server you choose, you might not be able to specialize in every crafting abilities so, if you got some friends you can always talk with them when you start and choose a ""job"" you would like to do in your clan, may it be blacksmith, tailorer, herbalist, farmer or many more, so your group can be polivalent and craft goods without having to risk trading with other factions.As of now, while i'm writing this, this game is on sale. My best advice would be to buy it on the go, before it releases into an MMO game with big servers, it's cheaper now but no one knows what the price will be when they finish developing it.With all that said, I hope to see you in-game and...Life IS Feudal!"
76561198032340698,Recommended,290080,23113177,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Werals,"Day 1: Haven't slept in over 45 hours, please send help.Day 2: Help has still not arrived, i fear i will not see sunlight ever again, may god help us all.Day 3: If one does not flatten, then how does one live?Day 57: Previous attempts for the peasants who call themselves, ""paramedics"" to remove me from this world have failed, for i do not need to see light, to leave this place, to know that life... Is Feudal.10/10 would fail life again."
76561198072863946,Recommended,290080,14599708,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Pennington,"Great community, great developer, great game.Very unique and interesting, it's a time consuming game, that's what makes it fun and challenging. There is also MMO coming out for this game."
,Not Recommended,290080,12939634,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Kario,"Just don't waste money on this, I did then spent 426 hours playing it because was addicted to the newness but most of that time wasn't fun in any way, then they patch so anything on ground is deleted so I lost all that time of gathering and farming that hadn't been able to fit into a chest or other containers wasted... ♥♥♥♥ this game"
,Recommended,290080,23810882,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Karteck,"If you like an immersive, medieval sandbox where teamwork is required to build castles but small builds can be done alone, this may be the game for you. Life like PvP risk of death cause early players to focus on food and safety before venturing into other facets of the game like herbalism, jousting, brewing, PvP, and many other skilltrees. Dont like what you are skilled in? No problem - change your focus and build skills in other areas while reducing others. This game is my kind of fun. It is social, requires time to achieve cool things and has a fun context for RP. Most of all, the devs are accessible and progress is being made both on the Your Own server version and on the MMO which is now in beta. I struggle to find a good alternative in this genre and time period it is set in. I recommend...but be prepared to grind...That is a big part of the game. :)"
,Recommended,290080,32702284,Posted: 23 June,all,Wickedman_,"This game has it's moments and some bad ones. This has lots of content in it and the game lasts very....very long. It's combat is nice but not perfect, there are times where the combat seems impossible to do. The farming in this game for me is a lot of work but I can do it, but for people that have no time or just want to play a simple game this is not for you. Things take a long time to do, building, farming, chopping/sawing wood, hunting, blacksmith and etc. The community is nice and has a lot of cool people to play with. The weather system is perfect and with the nice graphics on this game it makes this seems you are actually there. Now for me this is the my complaints. One the game is to much grinding it takes to much hours just to do cool stuff. Two the combat is weird and you have to get used to it or be a veteran. Three most updates are glitchy and the devlopers do not listen at times to the community for LIF. Now the things I love. One crafting is amazing it's nice and simple once you learn and picking on what you want to do as a perk if you do it more often is genius. Two Perk/level system can be funky at times depending on what server settings the owners have it on but the leveling is nice, it is a bit long but not much of a grind to do. Three Graphics this game is so beautiful the weather, armor, swords, player models, trees, grass, and etc. My conclusion for this game is 6/10 yes it's a low number but if your the time of person that can't dedicate the time to play one game then this is not for you it has a lot of glitches but some things are just plain amazing to experience and look at."
76561198111528893,Recommended,290080,16823919,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Sassem,Most of the negative reviews you see in here are people that not even tried the game for more 10hrsThis is team based game with  where you have to  put a lot of effort in most skills with all you team matesSo no it's not gathering a few bits of this and that  build a base in 2 hrs and after that just running around and start killing people all over the placethe game is in a steady progress of development and when everything is implemented  this game has a high probability of being awesomeSo in short if you like rust and the  instant simple/easy build  menu this game is NOT for youIf you like to slowly develop your  character and a base/castle with friends with also a a PVP play this might be you game
76561198046671156,Recommended,290080,12202703,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Blitzkrieg,"Everything I want in a game.-Realism-Combat-Complex crafting system-Medieval AgesThis game beats other games, and heres the catch: It's only in it's first stages of pre-alpha.10/10"
,Recommended,290080,12245970,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,FearlessJoe,"This game is NOT for everyone. This is an alpha first and foremost, there are bugs, crashes and server issues abound but suprisingly there is a LOT of content currently in the game. This game requires dedication, freinds and a desire to support the development of a game with SO SO SO much potential. Its unlike any other game I've played and is so far an extremely rewarding experience."
,Recommended,290080,19901781,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Dan,"A most excellent game, clocking over 800 hours was easy on this game and one of the best early access games I have ever put money towards. From the crafting to the PVP everything is done to a very good standard and for a survival open world game you don't need to look any further this game is what you want, it is slightly grindy but very worth while especially with friends :)"
,Recommended,290080,14253649,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Jay Palumbo,"Boy am I glad my game crashed when I died by that wolf.. I wouldn't have gotten off otherwise.  Great game, definite bugs, but it's still very very early!  Give this game time for the developers to refine it, and It will be one hell of a survival game.  I LOVE IT!!!Give this game some time, but for sure, pick it up while you can.  Even if you don't play it, give the devs the propper resources to create the more refined game that you and I dream of.  Can I get a HELL YEAH!"
76561198046926676,Recommended,290080,21864873,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Bolt,"This game is what you make it. Find friends, build a city and learn to fight. Its Brutal, unforgiving and takes alot of time but i've never found anything like it, and i doubt i ever will again."
,Not Recommended,290080,16229794,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,bot_aurelian,"I am aware that this is in early access, so these points may change.However as the game is being charged for, it can still be critiqued.The progression is ridiculous, unless you're on a custom server with highly inflated progression systems, you're not going to make your first structure in your first week of playing, even then it takes too long to gather enoguh materials to do anything in a single session of play. The learning curve is more of a near vertical rock face.Until the progression system is changed drastically, I would advise against getting this game."
,Recommended,290080,23918820,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Deaf_Poni,"I do enjoy LiF, and it's come a long way.There are still a number of things that need to be fixed and polished though, namely disappearing horses, glitchy tubs and racks but overall it's a very rewarding game and the satisfaction achieved when completing a large building project with friends is palatable."
,Recommended,290080,21396183,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Vlad Yaroslav,I don't understand why I can't stop playing. Everytime I get home all I do is jump on and play this game. It is just so much fun!
,Recommended,290080,17906701,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Laedir,"An amazing game for beign in early alpha, some things are missing, like animation on rain, different sounds and pictures, hope its get completely finish before release. Totaly recommended."
,Recommended,290080,17917534,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Kajisan,"First, i want to thank the people i met inside the game for having a nice weekend playing it. This people tried not to blame the dev's for the still early und unfinished state of a game that has a skitload of potential.The current state of the game after 4 years of development showed that choosing the right engine ""before"" creating a game is crucial for success. Torque3D is not.The development team should take care and finish the ""base"" of the game to allow a proper gameplay and maybe think about leaving this engine and make use of another more advanced plus involving the community in building it. Take ARK for one of the better examples.The game map and assets look like its an multiplayer roleplay game from the late 90's. It would not be a problem if it would not destroy the gameplay itself when you get bug-stuck with your horse on flat surfaces and can run and jump down mountains like the game plays on the moon. Random placed trees floating in the air, pretty bad controls - even Dark Souls with mouse is more playable. Some of many little and bigger things i've seen during the weekend.Community:I heard of people joining the game..and leaving again after a couple of hours, never coming back. I also heard about forum stories were devs/moderators delete comments about the current state of the game. At this state and all of the rumors, i am not sure this game was worth 20 Euros. Can i expect ongoing development or beating a dead horse for money? I really don't know, but i hope they will understand what the community has on their heart - taking care of this game that could make a lot of fun in the future.My tip:- involve community- change engine- let the community help building the game, from my experience building a strong community can help devs alot.I rate this game up, BUT its a 51/49 decision.If you expect stable gameplay or proper graphics on an Early Access game thats 4 years in development, don't buy it."
,Recommended,290080,20370419,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,[DG] Floris vh,"Awesome meidival game. The learning curve is not too steap (if u got some friends to play with). Since the  update the graphics are great and the bugs little. Do know u need some time on your hand to really enjoy the game to it's full potential.EDIT:I had to edit my review because this game is not getting the reviews it shouldthis game now has the status: divided. Mostly because of the following reasons.The bad reviews from when the game just got into alpha/beta, many people couldn't handle te bugs(and ofcourse i get that, but that time is besides a few small/minor bugs over).But most of all the 0.4H gamers who thought this would be a mindless/ kill whoever you want Rust/Ark kind of game. They refund the game and give a negative review after 0.4H..Besides that you got a hand full of gamers that say they only get 59 FPS with there uber gaming pc's and then instantly write a bad review ( i got a decent pc and get 60 FPS).Thats alot of reviews that have no ground and just bring the game down (while it definitly shouldn't be).Although this game is not for everyone, dont get fooled.(First review of a game, dont know the guidelines:-P)"
76561198053954100,Recommended,290080,31890689,Posted: 21 May,all,NoBull,i havent played a whole lot of this game as of yet but so far i think it is a pretty good game. My only complaint is that it needs some NPCs that can fill your village or maybe hostile villages or even bandits just something since id rather play on my own rather then online with a bunch of other people
,Recommended,290080,17674291,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,OrganikG,This game is somthing for a True Historical gamer and somone who Craves a rich Realisitic game that can have the power to do things the right way and even be Inspired to Try do things Outside with your Hands and see that life Really is FeudalIm stoned :)
76561198121350778,Recommended,290080,17838205,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,CraZ,"though it's reppetitive, it's pretty realistic and fun once you know how to play.tips if you want to start playing: team up with people you come acros in-game, look things up about the game."
76561197973996137,Recommended,290080,20114167,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,skeezix!,You are not special.You will have to work hard to accomplish things.You need friends.Dieing sucks.I am so addicted.
76561198007267434,Recommended,290080,20175632,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Finubar,one of the best games Ive ever played. the community are very help full and will guide you along the way. you can make any tool or weapon or a small house to a large castle. 10/10 from me.
,Recommended,290080,13005965,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,dflatt,"If you like to play minecraft but think that the building and crafting is way too easy and you need a bit of a challange than you should play this game. The crafting in this game is fairly easy, it took me a couple hours to understand exactly what I was doing and how to do it. As of right now some of the features are yet to be implemented, but those that are are really cool.There is pretty much something for everyone, if you want to be a ruthless killer and slay anything that comes into your path. If you just want to harvest for your group of friends. If you like to build vast structures and terraform the landscape you can do that too.There is so much to this game that I like and hope to play for a long time."
76561198087896316,Recommended,290080,14440870,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Chill_Pierce,"What really bugs me for being in alpha is you cant turn your head or anything??? Thats like a must and a basic of any game. Besides that, I believe this game has potential as long as it sticks to what was promised in the reviews and other information sites I read this game upon."
,Recommended,290080,20170072,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,KURT RUSSELL,"I have played Ultima Online for more than a decade and all I can say is that LIF is the spiritual successor for UO.This is the game I was looking for years to appear, and now I'm happy and addicted.If you like getting nervous hearding horse steps close to you and slow paced and addicting MMOs with crafting, liberty, open loot, and real pvp, don't be affraid to try LIF:YO."
,Recommended,290080,20984592,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,AoD Zimbabwe Pete,"This game...It's like The Elder Scrolls had a baby with Minecraft.Totally worth buying.Tons of crafting to do.Tons of hours to be sunk into a digital life.Don't expect to have armor your first week. This game takes a while to level up your skills. 40+ hours in and i still can't level up my bow and arrow skills, and I've been dumping major time into the game on a daily basis.Some existing bugs, but none that are game breaking.I haven't spent much time on a public server, so I can't tell you if there is a ton of KoS in this. With the limited time i DID spend in the public, people mostly were minding thier own business.The game comes with Steam tools to run your own server on your PC! But we went the pay route and have a server, since the free server is only on if that person is playing/ leaves the PC runningOverall: 8/10Loads of fun when you have a few friends to build with"
76561197983403270,Recommended,290080,23553133,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Spike 100.34.69.25:8001,"First off this game is $40, after saying that i was not sure about making the purchase, but i took the chance anyway.Having said that this game is worth every penny.Pros:OPEN SANBOX COMEPLETLY, do everything , do nothing its up to you, wander around aimlessly if you want waste your money its freedom.AMAZING CRAFTING SYSTEM,Its not easy you will either have to build numerous buildings or play with friends because your going to need help. more items to craft than you can craft in 150 hrs of gameplay.Real life situations,  search  grow kill for food,you will have to terraform the land in order to build,raise animals,fight bears,This game has the most real feel of any survival game i have played,Cons: You cant really play on your own, you can but it will take you hundreds of hours to make this or that for this or that.This really is a game of cooperation, 1 person a carpenter 1 person a blacksmith and so on you can do them all but by the time you do your monitor would have burned out... seriously..This is a game best played by a group of friends, you run or rent your own server keep it private for like 20 to 30 ppl, you will all choose your jobs and be a part of the community, every piece being and overall part of the puzzle. build the town up to a city and everyone building thier own houses as well which you can build to furnish and actuall go inside to live, build 3 chairs around a fire next to a still and 3 ppl can get drunk with you in your house...you can atuclly furnish and go into every room.ill give this game a 9 out of 10 and well worth the money. as far as steams games go lately in a sea of early access crap this game shines through....Im planning on running a dedicated server on my dual quad core and either take friends from current community or start a new one meeting new folks....OH 1 more thing, Before buying make sure your machine can run this... 40$ is  alot of money to waste if your going to get 5 fps...."
76561197993484737,Recommended,290080,14116125,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,sigsense,"Amazing game actualy!Dunno what else to say. It has come a long way, and i dont think they are gona stop any time soon."
76561198103546273,Recommended,290080,14202771,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Tay,"I am loving Life is Feudal: Your own. I love sandboxes and building. This hits on all my senses. It hasnt been released yet, but it is going to be a fun game, and is already.  They will have pvp, sieges and raids when the game goes live. Its in Beta now but still lots of fun."
,Recommended,290080,15464821,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,HereticZero,Very well thought out survival game even in such early Alpha stages. Could use more threat from NPC sources (monsters or wild animals). Fantastic crafting system! Quality matters! Great farming system as well.
,Recommended,290080,17499988,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Goonda,"Well, the interface is and had always been pretty unfriendly to the user, but, if you can get used to it , honestly, it's a great game, even in this unfinished stage.Sure it has some glitches, a lot of things are not implemented yet and , well, the skill tree is a bit weird (needing leather armor mastery to wear crossbows...) , but, it sure has a lot of potential and was based on a great ideea. So, for me, it is a great game and has the potential to become even greater."
,Recommended,290080,18556037,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Loggboy,i love the gamebut i hafe one sugestion add a building like a greenhouse were you can grow your herbs
,Recommended,290080,18630215,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Raz,"If you know/played Wurm online back in the day, this game is exactly like it with improved combat and better graphics."
,Recommended,290080,18736963,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,pixelrogue,"It takes time to load the server but once you get in you'll never leave, say goodbye to your social life before start playing xD"
,Recommended,290080,19918069,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Senjuro,Minimum wage simulator 2015.
,Recommended,290080,20059470,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,[EG]BUS STOP 14,I have been waiting so long to get this game and i finally did.This game is such a blast wth learning new things and how complicated the system is to build and its a challenge and its fun. Not only am i suprised on how realistic this is but hw friendly the people are to new players its great and i like it alot. Just need to fix the horses how they can jump off the mountain without dieing xD but other than that this game is amazing
76561198008259826,Recommended,290080,20388595,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,TheDog,"the grind is real! the game is absolutely addicting and gives a great feel of accomplishment once you achieve things, even smaller things when starting out.the teamwork is great and the communities are pretty good as well.if you enjoy building and melee combat, this is a great game to jump into."
,Recommended,290080,20465155,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Thevaultdwellinggamer,"This  game? This game is special. This isn't your typical mmo where you have  to use your rotate your skills or spam to until a Mob dies, nor you can  grind for hours on end, just to achieve max level. You don't have to  worry about end game, you don't have to worry about a gear treadmill.  All you need to do is interact with other players and make the world as lively as possible.After seeing runescape turn into a wow clone in terms of combat, At first, I enjoyed it. Then I start to realize how boring the combat is. All I was  doing is going from one skill to another, just to maximize my dps. At that point, my mmo heart has turned hollow. Looking for a new mmo to fill that void. I tried countless other mmo that has the same uniqueness to runescape pre eoc. I can't. It's all the same. Every single one of them. The boring quest grinding, that even runecape didn't have that problem, The daunting gear treadmill. I just couldn't do it. Gw 2 was  pretty decent and it held me up for a while with it's more simpler combat system. The same with Eso. (Seriously, Voice acting during questing is a god send.) But this game? It has sparked my love for mmos in general  and embraced it wholeheartedly.When I first start, I didn't know what to do, or where to go. I was kinda lost honestly. So I wandered aimlessly, not knowing what to do, or how this game worked. It was so different from any other mmos out there.  Yet, I kept going, learning new things such as making tools such as an  axe to get me started. Then I met some people building a fort. They  helped me level the skills needed to build a fort and that was where the  fun really begins. Whenever I'm with people, I always have this feeling that I was a part of something. Even if they're strangers, I think of  them of my own. And when I help them with stuff like getting wood, I felt like I was contributing something big.And  that's what I realized how socially active this game made me. Don't get me wrong, I'm a very shy person, but it is rare for a game to make me come out of my shell like that. I want to continue being social, I want to hang out with other people in this game. And I can do that, because the game devs gave me the freedom to do so.I  can be whoever I want. I can be a merc who help fight a war. I can be a wanderer, going from town to town. Heck, even some sort of adventuer doing something crazy. The choice is all mine, and I love it for that.Am  I saying this is going to be this ""WOW KILLER?"" No, but it doesn't have to be. I might not played this game for over 100 hours (I don't want to be burned out. :( ) but I can tell you that if you buy this game, for whatever reason. I promise you, this trip will be like no other.  (Warning to all solo players. This game is designed to interact with other players. You can solo the game, obviously. But you'll get more enjoymeant out of playing with others.)"
,Recommended,290080,20795984,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Kimbo JR,"-EN-As a little experienced player I can say that, if you're someone who is willing to fight a.s.a.p. and not good with grinding, don't throw any negative comments to the game and before that, don't bother to buy it, if you're crying for a survival game like fight/fight/fight and lose your base in the next 2 hours, just go play rust. For others, add me so we can group up if you're grinding enough !-TR-Türk oyuncular için söyleyebileceğim tek şey, almayın bu oyunu siz arkadaş. Ciddi söylüyorum Rust / H1Z1 / DayZ varken bir de üstüne ""dur şu oyunu oyniyim"" demeyin. Aynı değil bu oyun onlarla, siz aynı sanıp yarım saatte 10 kişi öldürüp 5 kere ölmediğiniz için de oyuna sallıyorsunuz.Life is Feudal öyle bir oyun değil, silahlanıp insanlarla savaşmanız bile günler sürebiliyor tecrübenizle doğru orantılı. Oyunun vaadetmediği şeyleri oyundan bekleyip, şu oyunun ""mixed"" rating de kalma nedeni muhtemelen bizim millet."
,Recommended,290080,18206962,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Saciman,"This is the best game after a long time. And really, it's just in a Alpha, but it makes so much funn. For an Alpha Version Game, is Life is Feudal the best game I ever played. I'm verry sad, that much people don't understand that this is a Alpha game. We, the Community are here to support the development Team. I just write this in english, that more guys can read this here. I think, and I hope when the MMO of the game is complete, that much more people will play this game.So when you buy this, remember, It's a Alpha, and remember, Life Is Feudel ;)"
76561198063242476,Recommended,290080,18272759,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,loganzx,i love this game so much fun. if you are looking for a good server check outhttp://www.lifeisfeudaldestiny.com/home.html
,Recommended,290080,18543927,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Prazon,"Tons of fun, Great community. REQUIRES PATIENCE"
,Recommended,290080,20026250,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Bombie,"This game is fun. Though it needs a lot of improvments.The gameplay is fun, it has a lot of potential however, the mechanics can be buggy. The FPS is very much unstable.  A lot of features could be improved and added!"
76561198047164472,Recommended,290080,21267871,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Porn Flakes,"I went through the reviews before getting the game, i'll be honest when i heard Sean Bean doing the intro i was sold right there and then. I thought to myself ""Dude you are getting another game you most likely will never play"" to which a voice in my head replied, ""ITS OURS, MY OWN.... MY PRECIOUS!""To put into as few words as possible, i log onto a server where for the first time in 10 years of logging onto a game i did not see someone calling another person a ""C WORD"" or any form of aggression except for somones displeasure of getting beaten down by a shovel. I met a guy from my now clan who was super awesome and explained the game to me.Im here a few days later, sitting in my office wondering what great deed i shall perform today or what marvel of engineering shall I bless this beautiful land with? Nothing.... off to tend the chickens and dig some holes but you know what? its the business and i reckon the people who write crappy reviews are the 12 year olds who cant do their multiplication tables let alone develop the patience required to play such a roboust game. I personally am glad i made the purchase and I intend on play for as long as possible.GIVE IT A TRY."
76561198004644318,Recommended,290080,13611038,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Sgt Jim/Watson,"Haven't played in a few months. So things might have changed a bit, but I have to say i very much enjoyed the game. I'm a fairly PvP orientated guy who doesnt mind a bit of crafting and graft to get there. I love player driven games and this is certainly that. Relies on grouping together and in the MMO version, I can see it being a real success. If you like sandboxes then I say give it a go."
,Recommended,290080,18345051,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Betty Swollocks,"Hard, confusing.You need friends to play this game with"
,Recommended,290080,18723967,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,POP,If this game was easy. I wouldn't LOVE it.
76561198012435982,Recommended,290080,30923500,Posted: 3 April,all,Erwin,"Great game, but you might want to join a group.Most servers have a low skillcap, and you will have a hard time solo"
76561198053162743,Recommended,290080,29754943,Posted: 6 February,all,Dyu,"I enjoy this game and would play all day if I could. A group really does help, but it does depend on the server."
76561198041213822,Recommended,290080,26230620,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,RoseHawka,"Warning: more addictive than minecraft.This is not a single player game, if you're trying to play it as such, you're going to have issues, as it is a lot of work to get anything done, and a variety of players with a variety of skills makes everything go a lot smoother.But if you enjoy those games where you spend a lot of time doing the same sort of things over and over again for an end result, this one is for you.It's got a lot you can do in it, from terraforming, construction on that now flat ground, farming, hunting etc. and most of it seems to work fairly well.It is a bit of a learning curve, but after a few hours it does become fairly intuitive, you right click, you discover what you can do, you do it a bit more, you can do more things.I certainly reccommend this game, although do stress again, not a single player experience."
76561198033424233,Recommended,290080,19177934,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,SanctifiedDevil,"The release went a little rough, but in the end they've done everything promised and then some. The release day bugs that plague many folks were cleared up just a mere few days after.The game is a great survival sandbox that REQUIRES cooperation, time, and patience. The grind is hard and long but when you finally finish a long project, its well worth all of your hard work.This isn't your typical survival game. This isn't like rust or dayz but falls more in line with Wurm than anything. Crafting, leveling up, and building are intense actions that can be overwhelming if you're not expecting it. So be prepared, Life is Feudal"
,Recommended,290080,12330105,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,RaphaelDeFusco,"This game is designed similar to the MMO Würm.To those that don't already know what Würm is, it is a ultra realistic medieval simulator with tons of grinding and real life day efforts to accomplish greater deeds, Minecraft copied Würm and made it into a piece of cake for newbies ( Arcade )And today we have this game which is way more fast paced than Würm but also harder than Minecraft.The concept so far is great and I expect lots of features/content to be added through the development periode of the next few months.Pros:-Great Medieval Simulation.-Architectur / Terraforming is vital to be planned out ahead. ( No instant Minecraft houses )-Cooperative play is highly recommended as resources is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to collect on your own.-Bandits/PVP players gets punished by lossing more stats on death.-Great RPG elements shown through a very neat list of skill trees which unlocks upgrades along the paths you choose.Cons:-Animals are almost impossible to kill since a moose can take like 150 hits with a stone axe to kill and a wolf will straight up pwn you as you will not be propper quipped for combat until late game.-Server crashing and slow server list made the game very frustrating, however a few days ago they patched some of bugs which have caused a relative stable version. ( I haven't crashed in awhile now )-Combat got an animation but compared how they wanted to make it like Mount and Blade hit detection, it is just a prototype as of now and it is more like throwing a dice with a very low chance of hitting.Conclusion:Overall I would say this is a good investment, it shows lots of potential in its current shape and for medieval enthusiaststhat wants to experience a simulation of medieval life, this is the game there is so many skill trees to make you anything from a architect to a pope.I really recommend this game since it got patched against server crashing which allows you to play a sort of demo with limited animations but the gameplay is fluid :)Hope you enjoyed my review, get in the game with some friends and start building!"
,Recommended,290080,14605155,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Ivan,"Right off the bat, the game is challanging. You start with nothing but the rags on your back and the cookies in your hand. There's nothing like a good challange, right? If you think surviving is all there is, you're wrong. Terraform entire landscapes. Mine massive underground caverns with your own two hands. Build, defend, and besiege empires. go from hand made, to industrial enterprise with a number of handy buildings. Despite being very early alpha, and having numerous bugs, the creators work endlessly to keep on top of them all.+Serf Simulator+Medieval+Sandbox+Creativity+Open Envornment+Cookies (Use Sparingly)"
,Recommended,290080,12840000,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Magivictus,"Interesting in-depth sandbox game. Although it is still in development, it looks very promissing. A fun game."
,Recommended,290080,19259929,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Disodium,"This game is complex, and it is not intuitive and depending on the server you play on can be very slow to do anything.At its core though it is what it says it is though, and boasts some great features buried deep within its context menus.In some ways, I am growing to like this as it does serve as a filter that caters towards a certain type of player.Like any game.. it has its fair share of bugs.. maybe more then others, maybe less, but it is being actively worked on and the developers are fixing bugs at a seemingly steady pace and most importantly are engaging with the community to do so.Talking about gameplay,This game is not fast paced, though can be depending on server settings etc.This game is not really good as a solo player, you need to be in a group or join a settlement to really enjoy it and to progress quickly and get the most out of the emergent gameplay that occurs 'in my opinion'.This being said, being a solo player is still viable, but you will not progress as quickly as a group of people(provided they are coordinated).When you talk about combat, having a couple friends is always better then having to fight and fend of an attack alone so as a solo player making allies would be important.If you are looking for a PvP orientated survival game that is complex, has RPG elements, takes time to play and learn, has a detailed crafting system and makes you look up a wiki just to chop a tree down this could be the game for you.This game demands time and patience,I recommend this game as graphically it is nice, gameplay it is ok once you get used to it, but I would not encourage people to rush out and buy it.This game caters to a niche type of player, do the standard research and be sure you are willing to put in the time, and have patience to learn and play this game."
76561198150023159,Recommended,290080,19173921,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Danny,"great game Ark i get annoyed because i die all the time same with rust, h1z1 but this game is for people how are frendly and want to take there time and build something. Its complicated tho but people like to help. very addictive"
,Recommended,290080,19304374,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Snikk0r,"If you like horses invading your land that took you a good 4 hours to level out with your trusty shovel, then this game is for you.It's very grindy even doing the simplest of tasks but it rewards you by unlocking new abilities and skills. I'd highly recommend this game with a 10/10 if it wasn't for the fact that there still needs some wrinkles ironing out with the textures and with some currently unlockable achievements.7/10"
76561198249595818,Recommended,290080,18266127,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,grozni,Best medieval game ever!!!
,Recommended,290080,13434486,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Steel,"If you're anything like me you'll love this game.I've desperately been searching for a community based town building game. This game has that with pvp aspects added in. It definitely has a long way to go but if you find a good server you can still get a very enjoyable experience even though everything is not fully implemented yet. The future for this game is very bright and even if you don't buy it to support it's development I would keep your eye on this game for when it hits MMO phase.Pros: The variety of servers available really lets you choose your own play-style. If you want to go alone and keep it easy you can choose a server with high skill multiplier (you level up faster) and a higher skill cap (so you can do more things). While if you're looking for a challenge you can join a server with lower limits and slower leveling (such as Camelot). For me, I enjoy the challenge and I feel rewarded when I finally finish building that project I've been working on, or that I finally reached that level I've been training for. EVEN if this game was to stop being developed today I know that with the modding community the way it is, and the guys over at Camelot server, this game could still be enjoyable indefinitely. Being a part of community and being needed for your skills by that community is an amazing feeling and really promotes the social aspect of this game.Cons: Unless skills are set to over 1500 max you'll need at least a few other people to play and build a community with. Some servers are poorly managed and it may be hard to find one that really suites your play style that is consistently up. The game is still lacking in may aspects, but it's in alpha and you are supporting development by buying the game like it is. If you're into playing solo or a lot of heavy action packed game-play you may not like this. If you don't like medieval settings or non-targeted combat (like chivalry or mount and blade) you may not like this game.My Alpha review is 10/10See you in game!"
,Recommended,290080,19316846,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Sphenzoc,"I will not play this game right now.. BUT I give it a thumbs up! Let me explain...It's a great game; hours of entertainment, good mechanics, good graphics, and its really fun! Unfortunately every time I get the urge to play I am immediately turned off by one thing... flux...It's a small issue I suppose but the requirement to grind HERBS for flux to make steel if you're like me and don't have the means to play with lots of other people in collaboration means that once you out enough hours into the game and you start needing a lot of steel for everything you end up spending weeks just clicking on herbs trying to grind enough randomly dropped ingredients for flux.. It's not immersive to me and if this issue was fixed I would be on this game CONSTANTLY!Again this is my own personal opinion and if you have the means to play with lots of people and can collaborate as many do then this likely won't be an issue for you!"
76561198009006160,Not Recommended,290080,12431792,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Fritzl,"Whole system is very clunky, and hard to play.Give it 6 months."
,Recommended,290080,14849913,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Borviran,"I honestly think, this game ... it's not really a game, its more a tough simulator, a real insight to the intense labour needed in these middle ages, and yet although progress can be slow, it is one of the greatest games i have played. I love it.From farming all day, to hunting, mining, and grinding together the pieces i need to make my small village, or the roads to create a community it is incredible!I even took a few carts to speed up the process and once i got my Armour and Sword i went after a bear!Bad Choice ... he broke my legs and ripped out my heart >.>Still Amazing Amazing game, and i cannot wait to see what next is in store for us."
76561198027578778,Recommended,290080,13146850,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Kingdom of Twilight,"I would like to make the note that this is still early developmentThis game is so far very interesting, it's concepts and ideas are really good, and they have a great base to work with. It's price is a little steep and there are some improvements that I am sure they will work on and fix, but as I said before it's early development and if you feel it's not worth the price right now, I can say it's most surely something you will want to watch grow.So far the game mostly offers a MP (Multiplayer) base, there is single player with just yourself or your friends (no idea how that really works yet) So if you're like me who loves these types of games but has trouble with a multiplayer asepct thats something to keep an eye or two on. I would love to see them add NPCs and focus on Singleplayer for in my eyes I think that would be a huge leap into a good direction.So like all games there are pros and cons, but this is most surely a game I enjoy, and if you don't want to buy it, I encourage you to watch and keep it on a wishlist."
76561198007693068,Not Recommended,290080,28287912,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Glidikil,"Do not think ""Oh the grind wont be THAT bad now will it?"" because it is... it is absolutely HORRIBLE! you can make no progress what so ever, the comunity is just afk and to top it off: IF somebody is actually active, its most likely a bandit who WILL set you back to2 days ago by stealing your 1 and only treebranch.Do not try to overcome the grind, even with friends it is NOT fun.How to fix the game and make it good?Consider making the grind disappear!add more life to the world, more animals, more plants, more everything!NPC's in a flourishing city who do their things with a vast wilderness to exploreAllow the player to be part of this population instead of being a hillbilly in the middle of nowherecurrency in this empirebigger serversFIX YER DAMN CRASHES"
76561198120270258,Recommended,290080,24121776,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,southernrocker1988,I would recommend this game. It does take a lot of time to play and you need a few people for teamwork.
76561197974969410,Recommended,290080,17022898,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Drosta,"Great game. People say devs dont care and see little improvement this is utter BS there are constantly updates large ones minor ones but they are always updating. imo this game is set to a more mature audience so if you get bored quick this isn't your game. lots of grinding but the grind pays off. anyway i don't really do these, most of the negative reviews are from people with little gameplay hours if you are to really appreciate this game you need to do more than build a starter shack..Thanks. peace."
76561198066137657,Recommended,290080,14589425,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Zac,"This game is very, very slow paced, and it does take time to do things. the game itself (for being in alpha) is great. if you have some time on your hands, then this game is for you, but if you like things being handed to you on a silver platter, like Minecraft, then you should not play this game. the game takes time to get used to, and it is really benefitting in the end. I rate this game 9/10 because the time it takes to do things should be deducted just a little bit."
76561198011035967,Recommended,290080,12963786,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Pete Meat,"Don't really know why there are so many negative comments. The game does what it states to do. When I purchased I knew it was a testing platform for the MMO. There have been reasonably regular updates. I run a server and it is now extremely stable. The game, whilst not fully implemented, has enormous potential for an MMO as it has a depth to it that you don't often see in games. If you haven't played it for a while I would suggest giving it another go now that there have been some significant fixes. I guess it is an ALPHA and the problem is now that with the plethora of Early Access games on Steam people seem to forget what an ALPHA is. An ALPHA is not a Beta or the finished product!"
76561198058991782,Recommended,290080,19199639,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Gonecrazy100,"This is a game with lots of potential as well as already being a pretty good game already. The developers are quite active in the forums and are good at fixing bugs quickly. The game had a bad release with lots of bugs, but they've fixed a lot of them in the first few days, with more patches to come, which helps to show their dedication to the game. The one MAJOR thing is to make sure you have a computer able to meet the system requirements, which are quite high, as this is the one game out of the almost 90 or so that i own that i cant play on my computer, due to the high requirements for the graphics card. I would personally wait for a week or two before buying, so that they can hopefully get all the bugs worked out. The game is not for people who aren't willing to spend the first 5-6 hours just getting the very basic tools and starting resource gathering. It is a game designed for co-op, which makes single player virtually impossible due to the huge amount of time needed to do anything. I would recomend checking on the forums to find a group to join if you dont have a few friends to play the game with, as there are lots of great guilds out there to play with."
76561197999052042,Recommended,290080,13064036,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Vitalius Magnificus,"Early release or not, the game caught my eye and I loved it ever since! I started playing in beginning of October and I must say that $39.99 did NOT go to waste at all, despite all the bugs, disappointments and exploits I had to live through. It still has a lot of work to be done, but yet it still manages to keep me playing for hours and hours and hours. There are just too many things that can get somebody who likes sandbox games, busy! Life is Fuedal is currently my number 1 most recommended game!"
76561198009778682,Recommended,290080,19171333,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Drunk_fox,This game is very hard and requires a group of friends.
76561198118866966,Not Recommended,290080,24466865,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,kajirus1989,"Good concept, bad execution. The game is built on an old 32 bit engine that limits its use of RAM, resulting in server crashes, and loads of buggy features. There are many combat bugs in the game that the devs dont fix. You can be decked out in the best of the best, then some guy, naked with just his fists, can use a combat bug to one shot you nonstop. Arrows have ghosting problems, Game is overwhelmingly grindy. The most recent patch even reduced the amount of resource you get for a particular proffession by 75%, making the game even grindier. No optomization at all,things break nonstop, corrupt fils force server restarts to happen often, resulting in all your hard work being lost. Is this game worth its price? No.  Avoid the headache and pick up a better optomized game that isnt plauged by game breaking bugs."
76561197963287248,Recommended,290080,14686771,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Corewarp .40,Skipped an entire week of school to play this with 10 other mates. 40+ hours in and I'm still loving the grindy goodness. Finally a game that rewards grinding with proper results.
76561198023761258,Not Recommended,290080,12577021,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,ChompyMcChomper,Fun game has potential just have big problems I am having are the kiln and furnaces. I know they take awhile to start the crafting bar but I've sat at the kiln for 15 consecutive minutes trying to get the hardwood billets to turn into charcol and the crafting bar hasn't shown up at all. Even with the furnace I am having the same problem sat there for almost a half hour just looking at the furnace waiting for the crafting bar to show up for the iron ore so i could turn it into ingots and not a dang thing popped up. Its getting pretty annoying I can't get past the clay house because of this. Will change review when it gets fixed.
76561198020873515,Recommended,290080,14406492,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,ZhuKuan,"Wow! What to say. This game is hardcore survival/building/economical game. Crafting system is unbelievable! Skill system is unbelievable! So much much more potential that can be brought into this game then already has in it and it seems the devs are doing so!You may or probably will need friends to play this game! I found mine in game ;)This game has farming, terraforming, crafting, mining, forging, logging, herb creation, skill system, building small to huge buildings and use of army formations and anything you could imagine.Things to come: Horses, Siege weapons, claim system and much more I probably missed some cause im excited!Graphics are amazing. There are still some bugs as it still is an Alpha game.Anyway i gotta get back in game ;) have fun! Its def. worth the $40. Once its done it may cost more then that!"
76561197960934791,Not Recommended,290080,12469798,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,127Tom,"Found the game just too plain boring.Spending hours of just digging a few meters of tunnel.Then when you dig you collect dirt that will get you overcumbed and need to ditch it outside the mine.It also take insane amount of time just getting anywhere in this game.The island is also too big for 64 player limit. I played this with a friend but we felt so alone in this place.The game is also glitchy, and crashes a lot. The engine is horrible optmizied, with ugly graphics and laggy gameplay."
,Recommended,290080,12880549,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,TheRealMcCoy,So i got about 250 hrs now tied up in the game. As it says this is a early Alpha game so coming in to expect a work of art I would advise you to wait. The game so far has been amazing besides from bugs and glitches.If you are like me and liek to see games develop over time this game is for you.If you are some one who wants a shiny new coin best to wait.
76561198007467535,Recommended,290080,12788549,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,<2MIKE0> Reid,"please make a mac compatible version of this amazing game. my PC doesnt have the requirements so it makes it extremely difficult to enjoy. I love the concept and features of the game and I  cannot wait for the MMO version to come out. Hopefully by then it will be mac compatible. Thank  you for such an awesome game, hopefully one day ill be able to fully enjoy it."
,Recommended,290080,12762349,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,A320VaporTrail,"someone went on a rant about this game - here is what I wrote in reply but was limited to 1000 chr.  - there is a review in here as well.  Running to work and don't have the time to tweak this - so here is raw.erh - don't support the game? so the patches are what? (the patch record sort of destroys your ‘argument’ about that) as for the game itself I have paid for 'finished' games that suck way more than this. That said I see a trend with companies releasing Alphas until ??? and using that as an excuse for never ending worthless game.  I do see improvements in this game on concerns I had and I do not get the vibe of being strung along.  Back to your rant about this game - I personally go by game play / enjoyment to dollar ratio.  $40 is high for an alpha but yet I feel I am well on my way to get my bang for a buck in game play.  The game has is quirks but again I have play 'blockbuster' finished games that suck way more and have given me less dollar value.Those reading this on the fence - please don't let the review above stop you from considering this game.  Know this about this game – it is a GRIND… “you want to do this, well to do that, you need to do this first, then that, then that other thing and finally you get to do ??? wait what was it I was trying to do?” – that is this game in a nut shell, if you have OCD this game will be suck you in and you LOVE it and hate it as the hours peel away… if you are looking for a quick gaming fix erh, you won’t last 1 hour.As for this ‘paying for this supports the MMO” erh – yeah – they made that clear to me… and take any franchise and guess what… do you think more $$$ went into make the last COD better or advertising for the ‘new’ COD – where did that $$$ come from – from you buying the now unsupported older versions."
76561198014577069,Recommended,290080,12819796,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,[KW]DiabelskyDom,"This is early acces, don't buy if you are not ready for some problems.But LiF is realy good game.Why?Because of many reasons. I will tell you about them later, now it's time to say why you must NOT buy it.1. If you dont't like to cooperate with people to reach the hight goal.2. If want to get fully functional game. (Just wait a few months, boys and girls).3. If you cant stand medieval.In a case those 3 points aren't mettter for you - buy this game. Yeah, its not yet perfect - but its playeble, just find a party and build up your own kingdom. You can be mighty warrior and master alchemist, lazy bowcrafter or talented blacksmith, fisherman or hunter. But you can't be superman (without GM tools). So to get smth good you need a friends to co-op or just other players to trade.Developers still working to improve engine, but after we will get huge amount of content.But its my opinion.To be sure that you need this game - try to watch some streams and gameplay videos.9/10UPDAfter half year I wanna say that game is truly cool. Every few weeks new updates and patches. Hotfixes are always delivered as fast as possible. Developers are realy taking care about their game. For sure some bugs exist, but game is still in early acces, so its allright. Amount of in-game stuff is totaly amazing."
76561198047572019,Recommended,290080,12825261,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,BiscuitDog,"This is an alpha with great potential, It's not perfect but it is alpha. It is being updated and if you buy it, you get to use one of your characters in the MMO when it's out.I don't understand all the bad reviews. If you are into crafting, building, farming etc. it's great. It has a very deep crafting system.Working in a group gets things done much faster, in fact you pretty much need more than one person to get stuff done but its not a village if theres just one person :).The game has its problems but that's to be expected at this stage, IMO what they have achieved so far is great and i can't wait to see what comes next.From the early access notice:""NO, we WILL NOT abandon this project! Actually this project will evolve into a full scale Sandbox MMORPG of which we are already running pre-alpha testing at this time.”"
76561198046306217,Recommended,290080,13797490,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,ZOBEX,very realistic still in alpha though
,Recommended,290080,12711532,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Noo Noo S> #1 BFK Blue gem,This game has so much to offer at this early stage but its not as simple as it looks it takes alot of hours and at least 2 people so look into the game some more of my short time playing  i found it hard to find the server i was on ect but on the hole its a good game
76561198137309315,Not Recommended,290080,34823884,Posted: 8 September,all,✪ Jeremiah,"life is fraud...complete waste of time and money. when the game was early access, they promised lots and lots of things. we bougth the game and waited years for a decent release. when finally this buggy mess released they say ""sorry lif:yo owners, your game means nothing. you have to buy again"".yıllarca oyunun çıkmasını bekledik. wipe olmadan oynanacak, 10000 kişilik server vs. gibi vaatlere kanarak. şimdi yeniden alın oyunu diyorlar. bu oyun sahyekarlığın ve dolandırıcılığın açık tanımıdır. almayın aldırmayın dolandırılmayın"
76561197967883197,Recommended,290080,20905734,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Whitty,"I have been playing survival/realism MMOs for the past twenty years. I won't bore you with what it has or does not have, what I will say is:10/10 and there is much more to come.If you are not a carebear, If you don't want something that REQUIRES teamwork then still try it, you may surprise yourself with some fortitude you did not know you had.This WOLRD is like no other on the market.UO x 2 (old gamers will know what this means)"
76561198036157191,Recommended,290080,21066491,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Maester MMarsMM,"This is an awesome game! It is for matured people and not for casual ""Cod-Players"". If you are willing to learn the mechanics of the game and be patient you will earn a lot of ""sucess"" and ""satisfaction"". One of my favourite games, i ever played!"
76561198072638408,Recommended,290080,21143498,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,magic banana,hands down best game on steam. i have over 1200 hrs alone on this.
,Recommended,290080,12237338,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,nauro (╭ರᴥ•́) #HoldTheDoor,It's like Wurm online but more user friendly. Still needs some polishing but lots of potential.
,Recommended,290080,12298083,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,MjrDeathAdder,"So long as bug reporting is kept in mind and the factor of Early Access, This game and the people in my town have kept me absolutely fixated with this game, it's become a second life. Everything that I've ever wanted in a medieval game is right here or will be in due time.10/10~ keep on reporting ;)"
76561198078425118,Recommended,290080,12361931,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Zaniska,once this game gets out of alpha and is in the full running game it will be the best .
76561198027178987,Recommended,290080,21852375,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Croprince,"Great game, still more awsome things will come from developers. So this game is still in development but how things look now its unique game compared to any other. We are all waiting MMO version.P.S. If you wanna good gamplay experience find a good server community, couse this game is based on cooperation."
,Recommended,290080,24765087,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,G I A N T  L I Z A R D S,I love when you go to see people battle on a serverAnd when they're fighting they spin around uncontrolably to get higher damageand it just looks like a bunch of spastics fighting.good game overall.
76561198018095779,Recommended,290080,12186987,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,ratzojack,"GRIND is the word of the day here. This game is very deep and with more features to come will no doubt get more so. If you've played Wurm Online and enjoyed it, then no doubt that is the closest descriptor I can find for you. Very easy to lose hours working on your stats to be able to build a house. If you're interested in online play, then take the time to ask when you join a server to make sure it's a good fit for you. Some servers are looking to build and work on stats, others are looking at survival PvP. The only annoyances I have found so far are in the controls and the learning curve, although I love discovery myself and don't like long tutorials. IT would be great if there was a little more help in theway of game controls, hud, and how XP tree works. beyond that, the wiki is still growing and has been a huge asset."
,Recommended,290080,14238227,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Orlus,Slave Simuator 2015 - terraforming since 3 days for my tiny castle 10/10
76561198026774401,Recommended,290080,14738934,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Takeo,"strap on your patience hat!! but wow, the possibilities!!"
,Recommended,290080,13652548,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,GamingPulser,"DayZ, and 7 Days to Die without Zombies but togeather and you have yourself Life is Feudal: Your Own"
,Recommended,290080,12266187,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Vultcha_,"great fun to be had for an early acess game.plenty of content, and is stable, so as is, is worth the money without the promise of more content.the devs seem to frequently update and fix the game, so that is a good sign for future content.  nothing is more frustrating than to buy into an early acess game and watch it develop at a glacial pace.game is great and has strong signs of getting better."
,Recommended,290080,12445526,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Jack Gauge,"Considering this is an Alpha stage game, it is suprisingly addicting. Despite the bugs and fairly frequent crashes, I can't seem to get enough. I bought this game expecting to play a bit to see where they were in development and really play when it was finished, but once I started... 130+ hours in about 4 days and a few groggy days at work later, I'm still hooked. Think 'The Sims', 'Skyrim', and 'Minecraft' rolled into one game..As stated before, it's not finished, there's still alot of features disabled and many of the ones that aren't are buggy or obvious placeholders.  But the idea and style of the game are sound, and it is entertaining.My biggest complaint so far is the server selection screen.  It is too basic. It needs filters and the option to save or identify servers you've been on.Overall, it's very promising.  I look forward to when it's finished."
76561198081584440,Recommended,290080,24373236,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,HITMAN,"This game you should only buy if you like to stay on a game for a few weeks without taking a break. The game is difficult for new players but once you get started, it'll get easier. Life is Feudal is a game where team work is required alot so do not play this game alone or you will get bored out of you're mind and regret buying it.I personally adore this game due to it's difficultly along with its Medieval and open world, survivel style gameplay."
,Recommended,290080,23704914,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Neqal,Though its the first Version of the planned mmo it makes fun. There are a few bugs and some things which are unnecessary complicated but all around its a good game
,Recommended,290080,12308054,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Ghost,Took 7 hours to figure out how to build a house for the first time 10/10 would buy again.
76561198107351493,Recommended,290080,12308098,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Borderline,Game takes 10 minutes to load world on a high end pc11.23/10
,Recommended,290080,12318851,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Futile,Looks to be a great game in the long run. Pretty fun in it's current state!
76561198028036475,Recommended,290080,13009394,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Uncle Adolf,Great game for an early release.
76561198036238597,Recommended,290080,14102281,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Blastuurd™,"I havent had a game grab my attention this much since I started Playing WOW back in the day. I have an unreal amount of time in this game and it still has issues, but I find it very polished for an alpha. Any Minecrafters WILL LOVE THIS GAME."
,Recommended,290080,14199750,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,the1293,Only if you have time to commit and friends to play with.Blew a guy for some berries 10/10
,Recommended,290080,19878800,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,bagger,Medieval Era ez castle m8
76561198122543686,Recommended,290080,23422497,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Roe-me-o,A great game they are doing a great job on building it. All I would like to see is them adding Controller Suport to the game and then it would be 100% Great
,Recommended,290080,27446395,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Skjorto,"This game I think is pretty cool, but you got to like some sort of realistic and hard working game to achieve big things.But the way you play the game can be various.Also you depend on cooperation with others to succeed, and most servers are friendly that way to take in randoms, and then you make new friends:)But this game can be awesome because of its RP possibilties, and if it aim for this, the game has big opportunity.Also has it alot of minor flauds still. But it is a work in progress:)"
76561198007099543,Recommended,290080,12171967,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Inyobase,"i really wish i could play this game, just bought and cant even launch. i hope they put some thought into i assume is the headset crash at startup. the pinned thread ""fix"" isnt working."
76561198050856777,Recommended,290080,23475200,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,thezale19,"Peasant simulator 2015 is pretty fun.  Caters to a very specific group of hardcore gamers.  Take my recomendation with a grain of salt, if you like hardcore survival and building, this is a great game, but if you're not into the grind, you wont have fun."
,Recommended,290080,24586795,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,A Very Libyan Asmaro,"Its pretty good , not worth it if your not playing with friends but if your not try to find a guild to join in the server no matter what its super fun."
,Recommended,290080,12579404,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Tan Tan The Asian Man,"Very good game, despite crashes and bugs, but early access, what can i say....edit: I cannot stress more that this IS NOT for the casual gamer. (Minecraft is not even close).edit: DX11 update is good, runs smoother now. Less laggy and buggy. Some bugs still exist."
,Recommended,290080,13859101,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,[TBA] Dezara,This game is byond its time for an alpha.  This is worth every pennie ...
76561198021563890,Recommended,290080,12168825,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,GovmentCheese,"Played it one time liked it, but now game wont even start, ill come back later try again."
76561198007324693,Recommended,290080,12281761,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Deluks,"This game has such HUGE potential, and I can not wait to see how far it goes. For my full first impression of Life is Feudal, check out my video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-CjzdAbQ90"
76561198066040999,Recommended,290080,13572963,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,-GG-Freshpots,awsome game buy now what are you waiting for
,Recommended,290080,12430916,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Panana Beel,"TL;DR: You will put many hours into this game before you see any significant progress. The game does not instantly reward you. You will spend lots of time on the wiki and in forums getting answers to your questions. If you plan to play alone, you're choosing to make the experience much harder on yourself. To get full enjoyment of the game, join a village.If you're looking for a relaxing game with a deep crafting system, the ability to create any conceivable design for a village (within the limits of the game mechanics of course), a challenging yet rewarding gaming experience, then this game might be for you. I'd like to first address the reasons I believe people would not enjoy this game.1. You will not be instantly rewarded for your labors. It takes time to erect a clay hut, to construct a house, to build a wall. If you've played Rust, you're more familiar with the ability to simply gather a certain number of wood and clicking the structure you wish to build. In LiF, it's much more tedious.  The gathering process beforehand along with acquiring the skills necessary to even gather those materials are a discipline in and of itself. Once you do achieve the appropriate levels and gather all materials, you can finally build your structure, that is if it's on level ground. If the ground is not level, you must terraform. If you're not familiar with terraforming, this game is a perfect introduction. All it means is diggins out dirt and leveling out the terrain.2. Lack of NPCs. This, in my opinion, adds an interesting dynamic to the game. It forces players to cooperate in ways they may not have before or have always refused doing. However, the amount of time and effort it takes to gather certain ingredients makes it almost advisable to establish some form of trade contract with another player to help with your experience.3. Weak PVP system? Long story short, killing other players can be an immense challenge considering their abilities. For example, you can always run into a village in full armor and a two-handed sword and murder a player who's unarmed, and lacks armor with ease. Of course, this is assuming you have the appropriate levels to even wear armor which you have to craft and you can only craft that armor if you have the appropriate gathering levels to get those ingredients. This is why cooperation is stressed in LiF because you can have different players have various roles (blacksmith, carpenter, herbalist, etc) and you come together to build a flourishing experience. Anyway, I digress.Assuming both players are in a consenting battle, it won't be shortly won as the targeting system is physics based meaning wherever you swing is where you'll do damage. Since the game is in Alpha it's not always accurate. Of course you can move around and block and there are even crossbows to attack at range. And the game does not reward you for killing others. In fact, in a way it punishes you. You have a prayer skill which is measured by something called Alignment. Everytime you do damage to another player your alignment decreases. This means, if you die with low alignment, you will lose skill points and the lower your alignment the more points you lose. However, you do have the ability to invite a player into a ""unit"" which makes it so alignment is not lost during combat. You can begin to see how random death matches actually hinder the assailant and simply inconveniences the victim.4. Bugs. If you purchase the game in this current state, you will notice bugs here and there. They do not significantly impact your experience nor does it take away from the game. All the necessary components are in the game and you will be able to play it just fine.5. Intense graphics requirements. Many players including myself have to lower the graphics settings to lowest to avoid sluggish gameplay. But I have to say even with graphics set to lowest the game still looks great.If you can get past these points and are still interested in playing the game, I just barely scratched the surface. I recommend giving this game a chance to lure you into its creative depths and challenge yourself with a very intricate game. You may not be instantly rewarded, but the rewards you do receive are damn good."
76561198047988079,Recommended,290080,14315076,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Jim Bridger,"This game opens the portal to a new realm in a distant time and place, where life is hard and simple, yet vastly rewarding if you allow it. Your place in this world is what you make of it. It is not a world of instant gratification; proper time investment, focus strategy, and cooperation will be rewarded.Most true-to-life game ever. Can you handle it?"
,Recommended,290080,13716132,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,PsyKzz,"Great game, would recommend this for anyone who has played similar games, dark fall, mortal online, etc..Graphics have good values to vary from high end to low end machines.Havent had a chance to get into PVP yet.Speaking with locals ingame they dont always want randoms to help.I agree with others that this is not a singleplayer game, so i highly recommend you get some friends to come and join you play."
,Recommended,290080,13725138,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Fitspatrik,"Loading is feudal, Multiplayer is fuedal, Crashing is feudal, Building is feudal ETC."
76561198009799171,Recommended,290080,14069627,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Digital Aura,"ABSOLUTELY BRILLIANT! Unbelievable how solid this game is now... and for such an incredible lofty vision, the devs have really nailed it for the most part. This one totally changed my view of Early Access games for the good.LIKES: graphics are actually quite nice, stable game play (no crashes in 30 hrs yet), breadth and scope of crafting, warfare, building, leveling up, etc (very robust features), the fact that you can't really play on your own - promotes team work and cooperative playDISLIKES: long long long long long long long long long load times. I clocked between 14-18 minutes to get INTO the game.Totally recommend this to players who like medieval themes, sandbox games, intricate and detailed skill levelling systems, laborious yet rewarding development of characters and their skill lines, have friends that like to co-op"
76561198051974260,Recommended,290080,24530837,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,PatHarper,yea
,Recommended,290080,12320309,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,CrimsonAce,"Life is Feudal, or what my friends and I have started to call it: Serf Simulator 2014, is a hardcore survival/build it all/kill the bad guy kind of game. It has been compared to Rust, DayZ, and Mount and Blade. To be honest, it does relate in different ways to all of these. You can build forever like Rust, the combat is very similar to Mount and Blade from what I have experienced so far, and you have to well...survive, like DayZ. Except no zombies.Life is Feudal seperates itself heavily from these in that you have to do every little thing. This can be tedious, but in my opinion makes everything worth it once it's all done. Building a simple shack is so rewarding and makes you feel like you've made serious progress. That's only just the beginning though. There is a slew of skills to learn, buildings to construct, and players to make relations with....for the better or worse. Every character in the game is a player, which makes the world either very community-like or very dangerous.You won't be able to do everything on your own. You must either find friends online, or invite your friends to join you. Characters have a skill cap and you must master certain skills to reach the furthest depths of that skill set. You'll need friends to provide resources from other skill trees to balance everything you work on.Anyways, I've gone on long enough. I do love this game and absolutely cannot wait to see what the devs have in store for the MMO version of this. Oh, and to top everything off the game has only been out a couple of weeks and the devs have already released three patches. That's a good sign for the future.7/10. This is purely because of this game being in Alpha. There are definitely bugs and glitches, but the overall gameplay is not affected heavily by them. I could see my rating going up with future patches."
76561198038510933,Recommended,290080,14524381,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Seawulf,Jogo♥♥♥♥♥♥da ♥♥♥♥♥. Compra isso dai.♥♥♥♥ing epic game badass as ♥♥♥♥. Buy that♥♥♥♥♥♥now.
76561198029110250,Recommended,290080,21525354,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Midnight Hawkstone,"I love this game, I really do. The pvp, the crafting, but this whole ""full release"" is complete BS, it plays more of a beta than anything. Expect tons of bugs and expect even more bugs when they release hotfixes. Do I recommend this game? Yes! Do I still play this game more than any other game I have. Yes. Will I keep playing this game. Yes. But if you're expecting a non-laggy, unbuggy game, then look for another game because this isn't for you, but if you're willing to ignore the bugs time to time, you're going to have a great time playing this game.MidnightServer: Kingdom of Arkhaya."
76561198045418574,Recommended,290080,17361093,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,T.Scar,"This game is set in such an immersive world that seems realistic (In its own aspects) to be a part of.  Its mainly not a game to be played solo, but rather with a group of friends or even random stranges.  Progression in this game does not happen quickly, so those looking for instant gratification should look elsewhere.  Though your progression is slow it brings a great sense of satisfation when you turn something like a hillside into a sprawling village surrounded by large stone walls!  The thrill of building up a force to move on an enemy emplacement cant be rivaled by many other games.  This game has a lot to offer in the present and promises great things for the future.  All in all its a fun and involved game to play and i recomend it to someone looking for a more adult experience to gaming or anyone looking for a good mideavil sandbox game! The community is mostly friendly and  helpful but remember...When all is said and done...LIFE IS FEUDAL!"
,Recommended,290080,13966025,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Lannater,"I want to start off by saying this game has gotten me addicted and excited for new things that will be put into the game. With that said there are some points that will upset people but its nothing new to alpha games. The biggest downfall to this game is the high price I still believe it is worth it though, but if you find it on sale you better hit the corner to get the money to buy this damn game and get addicted."
,Recommended,290080,14977263,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Sanus Ga(L)(L)us,Shaped 10k granite
76561198042461327,Recommended,290080,17684465,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,TheBlackMario,DOPE
76561198039337153,Recommended,290080,18086634,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Sleepy00,Life is Feudal has a great potential and if you are on right server you will like it very much!
76561198047617313,Recommended,290080,18193287,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Bloo Flar3,"Is a Great game, few bugs here and there, more fun with friends, its a challege. Time flys by be warned. Very time comsuming with less people helping."
76561197990565771,Recommended,290080,20423718,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,New² California Republic,After 193H of playing this game - This is a awesome game!This game is for you! IF YOU LIKE GRINDING!This game is all about grinding!just..... just try it out.
,Recommended,290080,21898270,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Breaker,One of the best games I've played. It's not a child's game that takes 10 minutes to learn and get bored with in a week. This game as immense depth and is still improving. I love the land claim concept.....(Many months later) Still loving this game...the new lighting is awesome! Makes night time more intimidating. Built an entire fortress and after six months and many hours of playing....I still have plenty to do :)
76561198012879049,Recommended,290080,24617710,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,snookis,Fun game for sure. Been playing for about a month now and I cant stop.
,Recommended,290080,12522422,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,[HG]The Jarl Doom,"This game has it's issues for sure, and it is a bit pricey, but it is updated regularly and a beast of a timesink sandbox. Don't sit down when you only have 30min to 1hr to play.  You really, REALLY, have to work for everything.  I understand most people want to be done up in the greatest with a full base built in under 2 hours so they can kill another player before someone tells them it's bedtime, that's fine, play something else.This game makes you work for what you want, and work hard. My friend once described it like this - ""Man, if I get hungry and want a sandwich I gotta start an epic quest chain just to make the mayo.""  And its practically true.  Though that's what draws you in.  Once you put the last shaped granite rock into your keep and see it before you as the rest of the server stands jealous, you almost feel nerd-proud, hah.The best thing I could say, is watch every video on it you can sit through and make Your Own (see what I did there) decision.  It is not for everyone for sure."
76561198038089874,Recommended,290080,12696766,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Crusader_King_Sam,"For starters, this game IS very good and very complex, but is nothing like you see in the pictures or videos...To get a building, let alone making clothes will take for ever, especially 'good' weapons, too.As you can see, I have spent a nice amount of time int he game, and yes I do like it, but I play with 2 other friends, and we still havent even got the point of being able to make buildings and stuff, we're as far as making a furnace, and it is very hard to find the 'fuel' to light it up... Not sure if it will be usefull anyway.Also, all 3 of us teamed up on a SINGLE wolf, each of us armed with basic weapons. I was the only survivor, and we didn't even kill it.*SUMMARY*This game is good, and will be awsome when it's released, but you need the patients to build and do stuff in the game, which sadly takes a long time."
76561198009431568,Recommended,290080,12200430,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Comrade Stalin,ALL HAIL STALIN!
76561198019220541,Recommended,290080,13860279,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Huge,"Well if you have no life and love challenges this is the game for you, also i have discovered this is a great game to play with your partner. very addicting dont start playing if you have a life. ;)"
,Recommended,290080,13021982,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,LastBuLLeT*,"As of early access game, it is a very nice game. It has a lot of potencial in it's gameplay and mechanics. Gathering resources and shoveling will take almost all of your time. Combat is glitchy. There is a set distance between your oppenent and you. If you are close to him, you can't hit him.Game needs improvements on combat mechanics and most importantly object placing. You can place objects in the air, floating. This makes no sense and people use it to jump over other players walls.Overall, game might get boring, but worth trying."
,Recommended,290080,12167729,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Armok God of Blood,"Everyone! You need this game in your life! It's Rust meets Oblivion meets Minecraft meets creamy, hardcore sandbox deliciousness. While unfinished, this game has huge potential to become the next big thing.TL;DR: 10/10. Would medieval for 500 hours."
76561198061042997,Recommended,290080,14442794,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,The Bad Thing,"10/10 Would Eat, Roots Again."
76561198077444978,Recommended,290080,12987501,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Hunter,haveing fun
76561197981887900,Recommended,290080,20475743,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,MartialDoctor,"One of the most innovative, interesting and exciting games that I have played in a long time. However, it is definitely not for everyone.This game is more akin to games like Shadowbane and UO: Online of old and the more recent Darkfall. I really feel like it catches the atmosphere of living in Feudal times. One must survive in a open, dynamic world that is completely controlled by players. One can choose to live their Feudal life as they see fit.A good deal of the game is crafting and building. Not only that but it takes a good deal of time to get anything done. For these reasons, I find that many are turned off by it. However, it is such a rewarding game for those who value creating one's own settlement and then getting involved in the world around them in whatever ways they see fit.The combat system is quite good yet takes a bit of time to get used to. Once you get used to it, though, you will most likely really enjoy it. It takes a more realistic approach to combat, where one must learn the range of your weapon and must aim at body parts for maximum affect. It is definitely not an easy system to master and takes practice to get good at it.The only drawback that it has is it is still developing and you will run into small bugs and issues that need resolving. I feel that it is a constant work in progress.That being said, if you like the idea of an open, dynamic, Feudal world where you make your own way, and you don't mind having to put lots of time to accomplish it, then I can say look no further than this game!"
76561198008028172,Recommended,290080,28003827,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,IwaR,JUST 5 MORE MINUTES MOM!
,Recommended,290080,13661069,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Hobo,"I have been playing games since the early 80s. This is by far the game that I have been waiting for all along. It is still early access, but with the minor bugs and steep learning curve it is already by far the best game on the market for gamers. I have been playing around mostly on my own private server, learning the mechanics. Hats off to everyone involved in the development and testing of this game. This is the game changer in my opinion. I was with minecraft since launch and was waiting for something more polished. Upon making my first weapons I ventured out to hunt a boar. I had an epic battle, both of us falling unconcious at one point or another. One small gripe is when my enemy is passed out I would like the ability to do a kill shot. I had a pitchfork and could not get the stabby motion working properly. I wound up beating on him. The combat is reminiscent of Mount&Blade, another I have been with since launch & have 7 days to die. This combines the best of all of them into a rich and vivid world. Please make more LiF:YO maps. I already want snow and desert landscapes, 3kmx3km is perfect size though. Hurry up and finish the MMO.... Take my money!Cuening"
,Recommended,290080,13831372,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Wumbo,"Got killed because my name was Waka Flocka-Flame.Spend the first 10 minutes of the game wallowing around in dirt looking for roots, followed by getting, branches, and weeds to make primitive tools. Then you spend a near hour flattening ground to set up a house and from there on its smooth sailing. The grind takes for ever but it pays off, and the game is a ton of fun.You failed to find anything/10"
,Recommended,290080,24653537,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Zbra @ Csgo-Raffle.com,Great detail and loads of fun...However i only recomend if you have people to play with as  progress is very very long.
76561198040533295,Recommended,290080,19775758,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Dragco,I like is game a lot!
76561197993514506,Recommended,290080,13647386,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Sabstandard,"Toiled with a friend for 7 hours, had one section of fence put up and a mountain of copper. 10/10 would be an apple eating peasent again"
76561198047311696,Recommended,290080,13697844,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Killjoy,Fabulous gameplay especially if your on a well maintained server.If you plan to solo play make sure to join a server with a skill cap of 3000 otherwise make sure to team up with some people as it makes your progression hugely faster.
,Recommended,290080,19293146,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Erfajer,"♥♥♥♥♥♥worth. New patch is doing a good job.Overall the game is not done yet, its still in that Alpha stage I would say but they are doing great job in developing MMO version. I talked to some players that play it and they say, that even in this early stage the game is almost perfect."
,Recommended,290080,15319131,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,CGI Carrie Fisher™,"Literally too good. If you think you might like it, you will love it. Do yourself a favour and take the plunge into the wonderful world of peasantry!"
76561198150355673,Recommended,290080,18270567,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,muffinmanswench88,love it and finally got are own serever now after having it since it first launched
,Not Recommended,290080,29152492,Posted: 9 January,all,Bearjew,"The UI is crap. Total rip-off of Wurm, just better graphics"
,Recommended,290080,12323127,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Jean-Arnhem,"It's not often that I get super psyched by an alpha release. This is one of those magical exceptions.It's from Russia, and I love it. Life is Feudal is the sandbox I've been waiting for. Even in its alpha stage it has a load of content, and runs fairly well. That's saying something for me having an old laptop for a rig. The building is complex, you can sculpt every inch of the terrain, and there's more on the horizon. This version, ""LiF: Your Own,"" is the small-scale version of the planned MMO. This map is a few KM across, the eventual will be massive. This map holds 64 players. The eventual will hold thousands.I'm already super into this game, and I imagine I'll be unemployed once the MMO drops."
,Recommended,290080,12692803,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,McMillanFixXxeR,"Well this Early Access Game will remain in unplayed set of games, even though I played it for 10 hours.  The reason is because it is very Alpha Build and not ready for a proper review - that being said; below is my story and hopefully it helps the community inform the Dev team of what needs to be fixed going into Beta.  Hopefully I can review it again in 6-12 months from now.So my brother loves survival games and he set up a server and began playing it.  I purchased to play with him, but everytime we played - he did 10 times as much stuff as I did.I would spent 90 minutes just gathering plant fiber, stickers, and apples - in order to make 6-7 animal snares.  I turn around and my brother built a house and had 16 logs piled up.I would spent 90 minutes trying to level the ground to build something and I would turn around my brother has a giant blacksmith set up. WTF?Well it turns out my life was feudal because he unknowingly had GM powers, unlimited sack, and could build on unlevel ground - while I could only carrie 180 dirt each run, carry hardly anything, and breaking a branch takes 30 seconds.We laugh about it now, but the proper way to play the game without GM powers is WAY TO SLOW!  We don't have 30 friends to build a village and the normal way to play is a total time sink for no good reason - in my opinion."
76561197982800273,Recommended,290080,13583169,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,lojafan,"Really fun game, but will be even better when it's complete. Hundreds of hours of fun and a good community that plays!"
,Recommended,290080,19586155,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Donofrio,"This game is great. The concept is awesome, and I think we are all routing for this to succeed. It still needs a few bug fixes, and I am looking forward to new added content. This really is a good game, one you can have hundreds of hours of enjoyment out of!"
76561198052376832,Recommended,290080,12324822,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,tom,"First, you've got to understand this is an early alpha version of the game.  With that said, it's in a pretty advanced state and a lot of fun already. But here are a few key things to keep in mind:- Some things are not yet implemented. Actually a lot of things, but there is still a ton to do in the game.- This is not a quick action crafting/building game like Minecraft.  It takes hours (real time) to build a small mine looking for metal ores.  As you mine out a tunnel, you collect the rocks, you have to take those rocks and dump them somewhere or craft them into shaped stones (which are just as heavy as the rocks) so you must store them somewhere, then you can go back to mining.  It's a slow process...not for those who lack patience. For me it is relaxing, but your results may vary.- In fact getting your skills up to the point where you can even mine takes a long time.  On the default settings, it takes hours of using your skills to raise them to the point where you learn new things.  The settings are customizable so each server can adjust them to speed things (even to the point of the rediculous).- Single Player: There is essentially no single player (at least not in the normal PvE sense).  You can start a local server, make it private and no one else can join, then experiment all you want, but it will be a big lonely world.  I've split my time between experimenting on a solo local server and playing public servers.  Both are fun for me...- Community: The server you join will make all the difference in terms of your enjoyment.  I've been servers where I was welcomed into a community, given a house, invited in to start working on my skills to be a productive member of that village.  And I've been on servers where people have been complete jerks.  There are hundreds of servers, find one that suits you.TL;DR: If you're patient and looking for a slow paced, realistic game that is still in development, then this may be your game.  If you're looking for something with wall-to-wall action, keep looking, this ain't it."
,Recommended,290080,19137215,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Daimontrilogy,"Best community in my entire life!(Im making this review only to boost the rep of this game, because its unique with its concept!)Of course needs tons of customization, especially with the rightclickfunctions, butwith so many things u can do in this game its really difficult to make better controls.For more infos read other reviews and DONT get fooled by the negative reviews!"
76561198047091582,Recommended,290080,23510065,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Eleaun,"I read a bunch of bad reviews regarding the click menu before I bought this game. I have played lots of Wurm in my days and comparing, I find  Life is Feudal to be much better than I expected! The menus include lots of clicking, yes, but in my opinion it is not so bad as some reviews claim it to be. The music is though very repetitive, luckily I can mute and put on my own soundtrack.I will definitely spend more hours in this game and explore it! If you like a grindy survival game with menus like Wurm and Runescape, then this is for you. The graphics are stunning. Some animations on the animals are a bit wonky. But so far I love the way the building mechanics work, I have a good control of what I am building and where with the help of a grid I can toggle on and off. The same grid shows numbers for slopes and it makes it so much easier to terraform and make the ground flat.Edit: Now I have spent more hours in this game and this is the best peasant simulator. 10/10 Will continue work the fields."
,Not Recommended,290080,31986032,Posted: 26 May,all,djinnxy,"I loved the game for a short time while I played it years ago. On a modded server is where I had the most fun. In time when all the grinding was done I realized how shallow it was and how unfinished. I shelved it for a long time and I see after years it still isn't done. As far as steam hours this is my second most played game to date at 976 hours. I'd like to stick a few more hours into it, but it is still not done??"
,Recommended,290080,13293923,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Ace Tempest,"Good game so far, the only problem I have is playing alone, when morning comes my client will freeze for a while, may even crash, but still, its Alpha! To be Expected"
76561198047697020,Recommended,290080,12735734,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Johnboy,Game is great and a lot like life.
,Recommended,290080,19150633,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Bi Curious,"First off, this game was really interesting when I first started playing it with my friends. Then i started to realize the griding aspect of the game. Looking at the development progress, Im going to get back into playing the game again. Now, IDK if they added modded servers like on Rust where they can fix the ammount of resouces  per action on trees, stones, etc... If they added this, then I will NOT stop playing."
,Recommended,290080,12852468,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Mr. Rockatanksy,"If you like to grind, then grind your way into a medieval society!Complete with murder, hooliganism, deep crafting, realistic terraforming, vicious wolves and lootable player corpses.All buildings are built in-game by players, all communities are player constructed and completely different from one server to the next.Game is great fun, but consumes a lot of time - thankfully though, it is a time consuming game that can be casually enjoyed as well as you can always come back and continue working on your skills.I have several friends who won't play because the game isn't perfectly stable, so if you can't stomach glitches and poor optimization I would wait until the game is further updated for a more polished but I still reccomend it as is if early access issues don't bother you."
,Recommended,290080,12937218,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,[OpFor] Dogz,"this game is great fun, open world survive you will like this, the game is in early access and they are bugs but the gameplay is awesome still, to crafting items and building your own village i reccomand this game to anyone.you have have skill cap on most servers but if you search some server have set so can full max your skills, game is more easy to be build in a group. if die you can lose skills but they are easy to gain skill again.the controls and quite difficult at the start, but once got hang off its a load of fun.  the only thing i can imagine getting difficult with is terroforming, for building, everything else to crafting and building is simple and is good fun, that graphic are good and runs quite smoothly for an early access game,hope this helps :)"
76561198087831107,Recommended,290080,16195580,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,WOULD YOU LIKE TO KNOW MORE,Fun if you have a regular group of people to play and lvl with only gripe is plant fiber and when tereforming mutiplier is low but that is a server side issue
76561198029425786,Recommended,290080,18211472,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,AnalFungus,"In the magnificient 27 minutes I've played this game, I can tell you that this game changed my life. This game is based on the basic principeles of life: 1: Life is Feudel 2: Ponzi Schemes 3: That pregnant ho from the hood claiming you is her baby's father. Life is Feudel has it all. I feel proud to know that the developer of this game drives his Bentley Continental GT through the suburbs of Moscow. You deserve it! <3"
76561198076288994,Recommended,290080,19135592,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,EarlMcDabbins,"Game is amazing, can't wait to play it now that it is full release. I have owned since it first came out on steam and weatched the devs actually listen and improve as time went on. Now for the actual MMO release, cant wait!"
,Recommended,290080,22472692,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,|VIP| Agr,"Where to begin?Life is Feudal should ideally be played with a group.This game is entirely playable for a solo player, but your enjoyment will likely suffer greatly alone.Most complex building tasks are entirely too grindy when attempted solo, but servers are full of cooperative people willing to show you the ropes.I reccomend either buying this game to play with friends, or searching out a group to join asap once you get started.While I am not a roleplayer, this game has a vast potential for roleplaying, and skill caps can be setup to create an economy where every character is forced to specialize rather than max every skill. The social aspect of this game is what makes the grind feel worthwile.The grind can be partially mitigated by server customization as well. Servers with XP settings between 25-100x the default are common. The learning curve is a bit steep, and crafting can be complex.This game has a significant PvP component, and allows players to beseige each others lands. This means potentially looting and burning weeks of work in one day, but creates real risk, and winning a battle feels significant.The times and dates for this can be customized, and PvE servers exist as well for the feint of heart.In all likelyhood you will either love this game or uninstall it in under 2 hours.Most of this depends on your choice to play alone or with others."
76561198031441988,Recommended,290080,12990868,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,WildDogsGaming,"This is the survival game I have been waiting for! I have yet to come across animals, so hopefully they are on their way. I am really looking forward to digging into it further. The time era is what interests me the most. The midieval setting is just awesome. The crafting system is huge, and at times, can be overwelming."
,Recommended,290080,19276733,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,SociableStream,Gathering grass Sim.
,Recommended,290080,12320464,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,{Ez0} Tailz,"A bit clunky for now but seems to show promise in the long run... we will see, but worth a try if you have the cash to spend."
76561197986805342,Recommended,290080,13574306,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Durska,"Like Rust, but you more the Medieval Type , with Stats, Skills, Buildings and stuff ?BUY IT NOW !!!!"
76561198039086702,Recommended,290080,13278222,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,AnSeL,I wish that the future patches will fix the character creations that way that you dont need to build a new character each server. like dayz you build one and works every server but if it dies you build a new one. like this game make it perfect !!!!
76561198002053619,Recommended,290080,23616158,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Klavs,"I had this game for a long time but only recently I decided to rent my own server for myself and friends to play.Now this is like my virtual home.At first I did play it as survival game, looking for food and some primitive instruments.Then settled on the lakeside and mined some copper to craft some tools.Then enabled Admin mode to play around and test a blueprint for my future settlements.Leveling ground for the keep takes time even in GM/Admin mode but placing down and walking around it is a lot of fun.Not sure I am going to keep it, because it does not seem to be very practical.Summer solstice is coming, so I created place to celebrate it. Found a hill where You can observe a dawn, put down a few benches, campfire and a watchtower with a fire lighted up. And it looks great!Looking forward to having a great party!"
76561198126624813,Recommended,290080,18245115,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Frenzie,so epic
,Not Recommended,290080,26616112,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Oleas,Life isBUGdal: Your Own
76561198069742510,Recommended,290080,12896402,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,TeeGeeOhDee,"Why so many negative reviews? Find your self a group, start from scratch and build your way up. This game IS early alpha, not optimized. I have a fairl decent PC and get 20FPS on lowest settings. But all negatives aside this game is enjoyable and rewarding. The neagtive reviews steered me away from this game, but i bought it anyways, and i enjoy the hell out of it!"
76561198023807716,Recommended,290080,12989774,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Raging_lunatic,Best game I have played in a long time. Found a good community to play with.  SANCTUS REALISM great sandbox keep up the good work.
76561197972337949,Recommended,290080,13471898,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Nutz,I am waiting in anticipation for this game to move to a MMO server. There is no reason why this cannot be a great game the idea is certainly there.
76561198139445048,Recommended,290080,14847860,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Sly Solstice,"With friends, with hours put into your work, with all the benefits of every item or items you get, feels like a gift. It truly tests your devoting skills and time, playing with others makes things run smoother. If you solo this stuff your life will crumble at the time it takes to do things or you'll just be a hermit in his/her hut. encouraging others to help you out or encouraging you to interact with others makes this game special. I personally loved this game even if the time was long and hard, the reward was nice and the gloating was amazing. You can work to make so many things, many more features to be added. I love the game and cannot wait for the other features to be added. I recommend this for devoted builders and people that strive to challange themselves in creating or destorying other Feudal lives."
76561198075366530,Not Recommended,290080,32168956,Posted: 3 June,all,Saintvang,Really really dead communities but thats what happens when you dont deliver what you promise.
,Recommended,290080,17718619,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,"Vinny ""The Savage"" Ocean","the first two week when this game out it really wasnt enjoyable at all not being able to claim anything or any items in that case but i came back to it about a year later and it is more than playable now, still not by yourself but once you have a group going the game gets pretty fun pretty much a medevil survival builder which is gonna be an mmo one day so thats another huge plus"
,Recommended,290080,12259309,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Mallander,"ALPHA REVIEW: I understand the game is in Alpha, but I'm just pointing on my thoughts on the current state of the game. I would recommend this game to help support the developers as I really like the game and it looks as though is has a bright future with a lot of playablility, especially when enjoyed with a group of friends.A few people have asked for my opinions on this game, so here they are.The Good:1. The visuals of the game are really nice. The whole thing looks atmospheric, deep forests, rich villages and nice vistas give the player a nice experience from just walking around. 8/102. The Ideas that the game portrays are very good. There's a very in-depth crafting system and a good building placement system which have little floors but there could be a bit more done to liven them up a bit. 7/103. The general gameplay is very nice. Being able to enjoy it with your friends is great and the contact currently in the game is brilliant! There's a lot of fun to be had here!The bad:1. Performance. I run this game with a 3.4GHz i5 processor and a GTX780 NVIDIA graphics card. If I bump the settings up a bit from the defaults, maybe I increase the tree/terrain detail a bit, my FPS drops a large amount, heading down towards 20FPS. But the game is ENTIRELY playable on the default settings and still looks really good, I'm just not sure how it will run on lower processors/cards.2. Terrain interaction. The way that you interact with terrain/rocks/trees in this game is very bulky. You look at a tree/terrain segment and are faced with about a dozen options, which for a new player is quite overwhelming. Everything is based on: ""Look down at terrain"" -> ""Click"" -> ""Select option"" -> ""Animation plays"" -> ""You get things"". There is currently no real player interaction with the environment around you.The Ugly:1. The UI. Some elements of the UI, mainly linked with the terrain interaction above don't look or feel very nice. But this is an Alpha and that can change VERY easily.I will certainly be playing more of this game with a few friends of mine. If you think this game has a bright future like I do then grab a copy, test the bejeebus out of it and send those bug reports flying in!"
,Recommended,290080,23202412,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,klintwoo,Played alot of this game and if you like the concept and meet the right people to play with it can be quite fun.
76561198030582269,Recommended,290080,15407687,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,That Dirty Geeza,"This game is amazing! I have played countless days on this and still addicted!There are quite a few issues due to being Alpha, but this is very playable!I hunted through many servers to find a decent server, but it appears everyone is already established, and or the GM's abuse their power by giving away free items, which completely ruins the game balance...But I found an amazing server, so if your new or you want a decent server, I'll add the details below! But overall this game is totally worth your money!Server and date created:! [UK] LiF The Futures Past RP/PvP All Welcome2.216.165.86:28000Server created on: 16/04/2015"
,Recommended,290080,12911489,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Augustus24,"I Recommend this game, I have put in over 600 hours in this alpha and i cant stop playing. Yes it has bugs, but its an Alpha. After playing as much as I have, I still find myself doing new things each day, and having new experiences. Making good friends and building a community that is devoted to the creation and development of this game. If your looking for a finnished product, then you need to learn what the word ALPHA means in game development terms. I say this cause all these negative reviews do not do this game justice. Remember haters are going to hate, but if you just look at this as an opportunity to be apart of a game's development. To be able to say: I helped in the development and creation of, a not just good, but potentially GREAT game. Then this is more then worth the price of this game."
76561198082331898,Recommended,290080,14859302,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,malkor50,One of the best hardcore multiplayer medieval game that i ever played
76561198008114272,Recommended,290080,13720855,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Carlos,"Be careful, it's addictive!"
76561197979095304,Recommended,290080,12488353,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,pjtrap,"Grown men chopping wood, cleaning out chicken coops, leveling ground, making soup and hunting moose sound like fun?  Well, it is in Life is Feudal!  Actions build skills, skills are necessary to aquire the ability to do more.  Castles need building, you don't just get to walk up to your own pre-built structure.  There are dangers in the forest and apples to find to keep you alive.The resource and tech tree in this game is perhaps the most detailed I have ever seen in a game.  There is drudge work, but the reward is seeing a castle that you are building come to life.  With enough armor, weapons, skills and friends, it will then be time to find a few serfs to do the drudge work for you.My best wishes to the developers of this game to work out the bugs, create an ingame economy, an inplement all the cool features that are still in development.  This game has ALL the potential to be one of the all time great ones!"
,Not Recommended,290080,24307694,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Falkkon,"**DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUY**You're not buying a complete game.You're not buying a finished product.You're not buying a concept that hasn't been done before, and better.Want good PVP? There are plenty of good FFA/Full Loot/Permanent PVP MMO's that do this better, smoother and look better.Want medieval simulation? Again, there's MANY better options out there.Want to be a King/Knight/Soldier? Yup, that's been done elsewhere too.BS MMO projects like this one have come and gone over the years, and many others with much more potential have gone under for lack of funding or interest. Don't give these clowns your money.What you DO get: a small host-your-own-server-or-pay-for-one version of what they actually dumped the EA funds into. Oh, but wait! You get one character slot on their MMO server when they're done. At the (presumably) same price they'll charge for a character slot. Yippee."
76561198118637364,Recommended,290080,12705294,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,The Legend BOB,Definitely recommend if youre looking for a super realistic sandbox
,Recommended,290080,23202591,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Easy Breezy,"WARNING! DON'T BUY THIS GAME FOR YOUR FRIENDS. THEY WILL OBSESS OVER THE GAME, CHOOSE IT OVER FOOD, SLEEP, AND SOCIAL INTERACTION. THEY WILL ALSO RETREAT INTO THEIR CAVES STROKE THEIR DESKTOP LOVINGLY AND START MUMBLING THINGS ABOUT FILTHY HOBBITSES AND PRECIOUSES.99/10 Would turn best friend into Gollum again."
76561198182083673,Recommended,290080,15622130,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,piscespro,"By far, this is the most in-depth reality game for a medieval time period that I have ever played. The amount of detail, design, and structure is so realistic. This is an engineers and anthropologists dream game, even in its alpha phase. I RECOMMEND BEFORE PURCHASE THAT YOU WATCH VIDEO, AND REVIEW THE WIKI. The game is so detailed, that most people get confused on game play. Other then that it is amazing! I love this game."
76561197996169626,Recommended,290080,12335412,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Commander Boreale,Hauled dead moose into village. Skinned moose. Cooked meat. Moose very dead. Offer prayers of thanks to the gods for the food. Realize prayers are whispers to The Great Old One. Moose is returned to life in village by the powers of the Old One.  Village now heeds the Call.10/10 would pray again.
,Recommended,290080,14823933,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Rejuvinate,It's cool game trust me ;)
,Not Recommended,290080,23817543,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Pasko,"This game makes the development for  DayZ standalone look quick.Menus are clunky and poorly designedEverything takes forever to do, adding artifical depth to the gamecombat is awful and feels like a cheap rip off of mount and blade.Steer clear of this one if you enjoy having fun"
76561197998189401,Not Recommended,290080,14954546,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Jadal,"As of right now, this game is not worth playing unless you like testing games and looking for bugs.  The combat animations need a lot of work.  Weapons and armor do not work properly (read: naked guys one shotting people in full plate and combat that is really twitchy)Some guild tools were added but need to be reworked or just redone e.g. the Monument that creates the protected area isn't a large enough usable space.....and for some reason the protected area is a circle and the buildings are all square; very strange.It has potential, but needs plenty of work."
76561198103284618,Recommended,290080,13140430,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,eL_eLaNio,"Idea is nice but you need have plenty friends to Co-op together to build...I think it is too early version at the moment, as lot of functions is not implemented yet. And I didnt like building - as u can build only buildings which is provided in menu - what mean u cant make ur own house design (like it is for example in 7 Days to die) . Of course this two games is not comparable as 7 Days to die is like kid game if compare with this - as you need learn skills to do simple things like cutting trees etc . Getting resources is long job - to build simple shack will take some while... My opinion - game is in wright direction but at the moment it is too early and not everyone will like this stile. My valuation  6 from 10 at moment..."
76561197970537023,Recommended,290080,19134128,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Teri,Great game by far the best survival so far.
76561198021843355,Not Recommended,290080,15079976,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Hord,"Game was playable at 1st, but then they started to add upgrades, like the guild system. I know it's a early access game, but i believe yopu still could have checked the upgrades before you released them, if any had tried it you would have seen it wasn't good. The game is un-playable as it stands now, i suggest you wait till they get there♥♥♥♥♥♥together, maybe in a few years.Ok i played the game again, still has sound bugs, and i like that the tunnels will collaapse after not used awhile, it saves alot on lag, but even after i reinforced my ore mine which i was getting great stuuf from it still collapsed. Digging/ making tunnels for ore is worse then it was before, when you hit a Quality change it bugs out your charecter shutters around and you can't do anything, and after some of my tunnel collapsed i tried to get back in it, but had that same problem, i could see the other in front of me, and the tunnel was made but i couldn't walk through it, after a few more days of playing and it is enjoyable with friends, after you get a hang of it, i still recommend strongly not to bother until they have a permenant solution to the tunneling, you will spend evey day trying to dig back out what you already made, ie BULL Crap!@"
,Recommended,290080,13063590,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Villain™,I have been searching for a game like this all my life. Worth every cent ( even for a alpha )
76561198044475755,Recommended,290080,20758065,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Hadley,"Don't be fooled by all the negative reviews. Life is Feudal is a really wonderful game.It is not an EASY game by any means. I do not reccomend playing it alone. Get four or five good friends to play with you or join a server. Life is Feudal is a cooperative game. You can scrape by on your own, sure, but you won't advance past the Stone Age. If you think you can log on, build a castle in two hours, and log off, you've got another thing coming. LiF doesn't hand you goodies on a silver platter.If you've got a hardworking team of people, though, you can accomplish some really awesome stuff. For example: my boyfriend and I joined a server and started working toward building a house of our own. We felt insanely accomplished when we managed to build two hovels and kill a stag. It was an enormous rush! LiF makes you work for every single thing you get. As a result, the rewards matter a lot more. We eventually joined up with a bigger town and became Master Armorsmiths. It was amazing to see our hard work pay off. It gave me a sense of accomplishment unlike any other game I've played.LiF is hard and can be pretty punishing. But the difficulty makes your rewards that much more awesome. You understand the value of an item because you worked hard to get it.Here are the bad parts: the games crashes frequently and load times are awful. Except to spend 5-10 minutes per load screen. Plus, it's a memory hog. Buyer beware if you're running it on a laptop or an older PC."
76561197966918254,Recommended,290080,16406604,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,1911,"Game has  bugs but it's an alpha  most of the times i try to exit the game but it wont let me so i have to type quit in the system chat witch works for me , the main probs with this game at least for me is that when my net is down i cant play it. now you ask is the game worth $39 right now ?  and the answer for me would be more like $24.99. The game is one of the most in depth survival game i have come across and i realy like it just remeber this game has a very steep  learning curve but if you watch some tutorial youll get on you feet in no time there are so much stuff to do in it i feel like you can spend 1000 hours easy to become veteran"
76561198160316683,Recommended,290080,23842899,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,The_Viking,You need a good computer but game is pretty fun!
,Recommended,290080,23895576,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Smellblood95,"Although this game has its bugs and development is not very fast, it is a game that you can enjoy playing with friends. It is definitely not recommend to play this game alone. My suggestion for a good experience from the game is to find a good stable server that has RolePlaying. Not only is RP way cooler than just going in a normal server, but it also provides a server that has the least amount of adminabuse."
76561198052463354,Recommended,290080,23901376,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Fëanor,"I'm gonna keep this short and sweet.This game is very in depth, almost punishingly so. But that sense of pure ecstatic euphoria when you hold that freshly forged Zweihandler ready to meet out medieval Punisher style justice on banditry and peasantry alike is indescribable.This game does not hand you the world, you scrap, scratch, claw and punch for dear life.It is difficult to get a grip on the games crafting and mechanics. But in the end, after several hours mining, more hours smelting, multiple hours forging as you don you're meticulously crafted helm ready to protect the home you scratched together from rocks and twigs in the begining.If you want 'ease' and a peaceful medieval fantasy to kick back in and live a second life, redirect yourself to Wurm: Unlimited, just as rewarding but not as punishing. But if you want a harsh, unforgiving and brutality brutal world to rise in, Life Is Feudal is the choice for you."
76561198118193556,Recommended,290080,23879969,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,MEGA SWAGA,great game. played over 1000 hours!
,Recommended,290080,31496171,Posted: 1 May,all,Rikkarth,It's an ok game I guess ...
76561198031713759,Recommended,290080,33632611,Posted: 18 July,all,*KoV* Emskinz,"Where do i start with this game when i first got it you couldnt play it was far to buggy and building things was a waste of timeBut now this game is great if you want to know what it feels like to be dropped on a island and then to try and make your way and stay alive on said island while all the time being hunted by wolfs,Boars and the odd bear oh and maybe some players clad in full gear who want tax or steal what megger belongings you have.if you want to know what medievil life was like buy this game and you'll have some idea its harsh cold and the nights are full of bad people doing bad things."
76561197991310193,Recommended,290080,12270201,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,oi cunt,"THis is that game you've always dreamt of yet always been dissapointed when others have tried to create. the world is extensive, complex and dangerous yet the KOS culture of Rust has been avoided and instead teamwork is the neccessity as things take time and particulary focuses to accomplish anything of import. Of course there is always the fighting for those that are interested and that keeps it from being just another sandbox game where you hit one thing and put it down some where else.Already those of us who have played this are craving the MMO and would love to see even a sketchy version come out so that we could comprehend the awsomeness.Keep up the good work devs, the constant updates and quick response times make you guys a rare group!Best game Ever!!"
76561198042538766,Recommended,290080,12280126,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Whiskey_Actual,"Yes it is early access, but advertisement and and screenshots make this game look alot more developed than it really is.  After purchase you find the graphic quality and overall smoothness is horrible, and it takes a huge toll on your computers performance even at low graphic settings..., and the overall direction of going about game life is confusing and tedious.  At the games current state, it is almost pointless to play due to servers going up and down on a constant basis, so you lose all of your production on a daily basis and have to start over.  For the hefty price tag, and mis-leading state of the game, I currently cannot recommend this game to my fellow steam-mates.Edit:After a few months I decided to give Life is Feudal a try again to see if any improvments have been made.  And to my surprise this was in fact the case.  The game runs very smooth now even with the graphics quality turned up to max.  I have enjoyed playing the last few days and frankly have become somewhat addicted to its game play.  I think it would do some good if they implimented a better beginers tutorial though, as it get can confusing on how and what to start doing, but with thier online wiki things are manage-able and can be figured out.  Find a good server to play on and you may find yourself having some fun.  At this time I will be changing my rating to positive."
76561198024881176,Not Recommended,290080,12154982,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,johbowfor,Lies.
76561198255160117,Recommended,290080,22238837,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Cassie,"Let me start off by saying with all the comments of bugs and the moderator being rude I went ahead and brought the game, I love this game but it does have a lot of bugs. So please fix the bugs, I would love to refer friends to this game but with all the heard work and log hours to build stuff and then the item bugs out it gets to be very frustrating. I understand this game is still new and I do expect to see bugs and am hopeful they get fixed.Here is my issue:Tried to create a forge and anvil, we all know how long it takes to get the materials to get to the point of building, so I   spent over 3/hrs making ingots then hauling clay etc.. only then to get excited to finally build the one thing that can help me further my adventure in the game and NOTHING happens it just glitches out. please fix this bug for me. I can not build my house, gates make nails etc. w/o a forge and anvil."
,Recommended,290080,12180316,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Geischfelt96,"After a short while in-game, I learned one thing.  Progression takes a looooong time.  There seems to be a decent amount of potential in this game.  It is, of course in very early alpha, but once they iron out some stuff, even the later alphas will be a good amount of fun.  If you like survival games and have a group to play with, pick it up.  If single-player is your thing, don't bother."
76561198019957420,Recommended,290080,12183551,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,CptOmally,Initial controls not explained but once info got passed game is entertaining and enjoyable.
76561197964860004,Recommended,290080,12184871,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,[RENO]Jiriki,"Nice game so far. For people liking the non-level-based sandbox-ish MMOs.BUT:- Still needs a lot of bug fixing, obviously cause it's an alpha- needs a lot of optimization on the hardware side. Why don't devs start to develope their software for a usage of quad-core CPUs?"
,Recommended,290080,12188559,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Ruuvan,"Out of any of the sandbox survival, player economy, player skills, PvP elements, crafting, etc. This one shows the most promise.The Your Own version has smaller servers (64 max I've seen) on a fairly large map with a variety of landscapes, resources, flat locations for towns (but you can flatten any terrain enough to build on it), all that jazz.Everyone is a lot more friendly, but this could be to the limited combat elements so far. The combat is similar to Mount & Blade in terms of attacking direction, but with combos for the weapons (not seen them, MIGHT be implemented now... not sure :P) and options to yeild in the hopes of no more violence.I've gone on to a server and seen players flock to civilisation to help build the town, sow crops for everyone's food, mine the hills for the smelters and blacksmiths to make tools to better everyone. Lumberjacks clearing the surrounding area and bringing back the wood for construction and fuel. Foragers out getting herbs, fruits and even animals to bring food back. It's a beautiful experience.There are still a lot of features to be implemented and I have really really high hopes for the game.At full release I believe there will be a far larger scale world with far more players, a lot more terrain, etc. and buying now secures you a place for this. It has a pay-monthly feel to it (my opinion, not a bad thing considering how much you would get) for the full one, but you'd be paying for a lot of content.I'll be sure to comment more once I've played a bit longer and there's more juicy bits :)"
76561197983029096,Recommended,290080,12189931,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Tortillas,"Badass game. If you're looking for an open world survival MMO, this is it.This is my first experience on a new server with everything brand new.You start off this game with basically a handful of cookies. Your first job, build a tool. So you walk over to a tree, snap off a twig. Alright now I got my base, let's find a rock and some string to put this thing together. Gather stone from a stone surface randomly on the ground and make some twine from grass. Sweet got my axe crafted.Eventually I get all my tools and started looking for a couple of people to group with. All the reviews said there were friendly people and to my surprise, there were♥♥♥♥♥♥tons of them. I play a lot of Rust so I'm use to the Kill on sight attitude, but I felt guilty trying to smack someone with my axe and they couldn't even techically fight. Without a tool you have nothing, you can't even punch. I don't know if that will be fixed, but I like it. There is never a reason to kill one unless you're an♥♥♥♥♥ really. So I tagged up with that guy and we got a campfire going. Started talking to people in global to see who had a base. Turns out no one really even had a settlement, we were in the very beginning of the game. So we sent out the word where we were and people started flooding into our group. We had a couple lumberjacks cutting down trees, two guys fishing for food, another two looking for berrys and gubs, and a handful of guys up the the mountain mining some ore.Then we started to build up a town. Eventually I had to log out, but it was pretty awesome that we all came together to get a base going. We heard of other big settlements popping up on the other end of the island. Already we were planning war.8/10. I would say 10/10, but plenty of bugs still. It is early access so I'm sure my score will change."
76561198015304368,Recommended,290080,12189992,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,SlicingTheMoon,"Seems like a really good game for a early alpha, i have great hopes for this game and I am looking forward to play whit friends to build great things. Looking mostly forward for the missing textures."
76561197980323006,Recommended,290080,12202304,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,[23HG] Zaether,"Perfect game!And apart from ""Life is feudal mmo"" the last game i will ever need."
,Recommended,290080,12202831,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,monkee,"Brilliant, get it!"
,Recommended,290080,12210779,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Kadaeux,"I hate using comparisons when reviewing, but this is truly what Rust should have been."
76561198064049272,Recommended,290080,12213077,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Skankyp0ops55,"Awesome game, Finally Found exactly what i was looking for in games like DayZ and mount and blade. And the best part is everyone works together.... most of the time."
,Recommended,290080,12253263,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Bryan Cranston,"Good game, lots of possibilities, but the combat is a bit wonkey."
,Recommended,290080,12259716,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,NoBlackThunder,"medival survival game ( realistic! ) thats total hardcore in it base ... the graphics are not the world best.. but there are more than ok .. you over see the graphical quality realy fast when you get into the game ...at this early stage the game isent easy with you .. no form of telling you how and what to do ... some bugs here and there .. but nothing major i have discoverd yet ( tho my friends complain over usb audio devices wont work for them .. i have a g930 wireless headset that works perfect )  but its early access so be prepared for BUGS  =)This game is quite hard to learn .. its already a big puzzel on  finding out why you cant do this or this .. the game lacks good feedback .. lacks aym anny way of telling you how it works ( you should watch youtube videos to learn the basics of the game !!!)therefor this game is as hard to learn as eve online is ... but it has hardcore gaming mecanics like eve too....first of is it worth the mony?it realy depents on the developer .. well he complete his game? ( have seen many project stop latly after a short while )will they improve on how things work and maybe change some gaming mekanics here and there to make the game easyer?will they expand content?fix console commands and so on ?(for admins and gms)if the awnser is eas to most of my question ... then yes its worth every penny you pay.let me start off with .. survival gamesa are quite in atm .. most of them have zombies and monsters that fight you almost nonstop .. this game says ♥♥♥♥ that ... lets make a realistic survival game ... and thats good .( ofcourse you need to like this type of a game)the game evolves around players on the enviroment. you make your own story .. faction? and so on you say what happens. it takes a♥♥♥♥♥♥amount of time to even build your first house ..  the look of like its now you use at least a year befor you have a castle ... the skill system is realy good and simple .. tho as mentiont the crafting system is hard to understand from one time to a nother becouse of the lac of feedback and information ( som minor bugs don make it easyer )i love tho how you can play together and build .. work as a team and so on ..so i recoment this game if you like medival faction coop based( there is no faction system in the game... so this is kind of role play !) dont care about fancy graphics , fancy voxel system like minecraft and so on .. the game has is own quality the way id does stuff =) build an empire out of dirt  =)"
,Recommended,290080,12260459,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Tiercel,"It truly is a mix between TES, M&B and Minecraft. You find yourself in a medieval sandbox world with a heavy amount of possibilities. There are some nice ideas behind the game and if it gets to the MMO status where it wants to get.. it could get a true success game which came ""out of nowhere"".+ Proven skillsystem+ Good combatsystem+ Interesting ideas+ Realistic craftingpossibilites+ Medieval feeling+ People aren't always playing deathmatch, in general there is a good community- Complicated game controls/mechanics- A wolf is capable of taking 3 players out together without a problem (balance problems)- this game can't be played alone because there is 0% fun in this way, even with 25 players (11 guys in my group) I found myself being bored and without motivation to continueEdit in Sept 2015:Many things happened. Devs did a good work and implemented many things and mechanims and it makes fun to come back a year later!Edit November 2016:Editing this again.. after coming back yet another year the game somewhat lacks of ""wow effects""... but looking at the hours I've spend in this game its ok this way. Waiting for MMO and maybe a comeback."
,Recommended,290080,12264220,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Ikkey,"It is a good game, BUT so annoying at times, =_= there are alot of issues with the game for example, Trying to make your own server for offline single player mode, first time i loaded work really well, BUT then 2nd time i load it, Just kept crashingSince then I been unable to join my own single player serverSo Trying to join mutiplayer server with no idea how to play the game is such a bad idea, part from no one helping you, its sorta a SLOW process to get the understanding of the gameVery confusing at time aswell BUT overall its still a good gameThe idea of the game is grate"
,Recommended,290080,12267570,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Vivec,"Honestly, despite its hourly server crashes, or client crashes causing me inconvenience, and memory leaks, I am liking the base game for what it is. It to me right now is a building/farming/crafting sandbox type of game which I've never played which is why I find it so appealing. Lots to do, great to meet people and form a community, and there's always that looming PvP threat on servers to keep you from becoming complacent. Highly addictive, enjoying the slow pace compared to that of other games I normally play."
,Recommended,290080,12268932,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) つwefow #Wolfpack,We need Boris in the game!
,Recommended,290080,12270884,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Xian,"Wonderful, amazing game so far. I am so excited to see the finished product.Pros:Limitless replayability and customization.Beautiful graphics.People you play with get into it and play WITH you.Too many to list...Cons:Bugs... but hey, it's in alpha."
,Recommended,290080,12272923,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Ryan,"Much potential with very long play time.Sometimes you think god damn it this takes long, but in the end it is worth it.PS: You need more people to play it, a group of player is essential!"
76561198149502382,Recommended,290080,12273878,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Exiled,Yes but! Can you plz inculed a better info to play the game.A wise person knows that a noob knows nothing and a fool thinks that he knows what a noob knows.Orson Scott Card
76561198057077367,Recommended,290080,12275265,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,aceofoz,"Awsome game one of the best survival games iv played.So much depth and only in alpha, a must play in my opion."
76561197967693506,Recommended,290080,12275614,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Arven,"Imagine Wurm Online (or Haven & Hearth) with a working and modern interface, combined with Mount & Blade style combat and Ultima Online's skill system. That is essentially what this game is.This is a stand-alone alpha version of Life is Feudal, and is *not* the MMO that is planned to come out sometime next year, though buying this means you will have a free copy of the MMO when it does come out. What this means is that you are limited to 64 player privately hosted servers and a 1 km square island instead of 10,000 players on a 32 km square continent, and that none of the guild territory control stuff is activated.That said, it's still a blast, and is worth your time and money."
,Recommended,290080,12279331,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,ClickZoom,This game has a lot of cool features.  Even as a medium multi player its fun.  Can't wait till there is an MMO and i am considering getting a hosted server if they drop the price a bit.
76561198008973226,Recommended,290080,12279966,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Marine03,"Great game, works fine even in aplha. Best thing is that the developers patch it almost daily. The game craft and skills are very thought through. I would recomment this game to everyone who likes Warband/Rust/Dayz/Arma."
,Recommended,290080,12287015,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,KhadGore,i can mug people and get away with it.  10/10
76561198078896214,Recommended,290080,12293372,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Scarecrow,"+nice looking game,realy fun playing with friends,just a alpha so it has a futur-server crashes all the time!!!my opinion is if you like survival games your prob gonna like this game.If you wanna start playing survival games DONT start with this game."
,Recommended,290080,12294330,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,SteelRain27,"I absolutely recommend this game! It is fantastic but be aware that this is very early access and crashes,glitches, memory leaks and server lag is VERY common. Its not unusual to crash 8 times in an hour every hour.WITH THAT BEING SAID: what the dev team is doing with this game is beyond impressive! They really listen to the community, respond to posts personally and put out patches as soon as possible to fix major errors. All one needs to do is give this small team time and they will provide us with a game like no other.I am very excited to see where this game is going to be in a years time.Buy early, support those dev's and become active in the community!*very happy customer*"
76561198005576272,Recommended,290080,12297036,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Hauptmann Tacosibs,Error: unable to stop.10/10 would work my♥♥♥♥♥off again to gather over 200 building logs.
76561198029039278,Recommended,290080,12297068,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Flame Ninja,"Be very aware before buying this. It's incredibly unstable and crashes a lot, but i did enjoy most of it when it was actually working the way it should. Build times and harvest times (herbs & trees) take quite a while and sometimes the action doesn't even complete (some bug) can be rather frustraiting at times. Veryyy slow to start, but there is a rather large sense of acomplishment when you do finally complete your first house. all in all a good game minus the bugs (only in alpha), but not sure if it's worth the $40 price tag. Wait till on sale."
,Recommended,290080,12297185,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,JayPeh,"Lots of fun. Lots of potential. Dont mind paying this much, just hope the dev will continue developing it. Cant wait for further update."
76561198094505043,Recommended,290080,12298066,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Motsplay,"I love this game, It took me a while to sort out the crafting system but in all it is a great learning curve.I'm keen to see how well this game goes with future content and ajustments. I would recommend this game to everyone, But when it is fully compelet but in all 10/10 best game :D.I must say:If you love to build.If you love to pvp or pve.If you love crafting.If you love to explore.If you love great graphic's.and if you love  having a great experience in Hardcore Medieval times, Then this is the game for you :DWorth every penny spent."
76561198019028488,Recommended,290080,12374404,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Spoony Bard,"Early Access Alpha, People, ALPHA!I love this game, I've been looking for an off-line Wurm for some time, and this doesn't disappoint. I host my own server, just for me, with x2 skill gain and am really enjoying building up my little 'community' bit by bit, a potters house, a miners house, a farmers house, a ranchers house, and so on.It is an early access game, in Alpha - that is it is un-optimised (optimisation would ideally be finished in beta stress testing), it is not full of content yet (there is content but it's more to test the mechanics) and even not all the mechanics are in game yet (an alpha should start with the core mechanics, test them through content, then add more content/mechanics, test those, and so forst). If this is not the sort of game you want to play, with possible roll-backs, world-breaking bugs, crashes - then don't buy this game. Certainly don't buy it, then whinge about the state of it - the fact that it is Alpha is smeared everywhere! If you want to play the game, but not in the alpha state, then buy the game to support the developers to finish it then go away for a year!"
,Recommended,290080,12376479,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,.-=Trash_Can=-.,"Okay I am going to start of by saying this game is a mix of Skyrim/Minecraft/DayZ (In the PVP kinda sense)/theForest/Mount and Blade. However, this is a very slow paced game! If you think you're going to jump right in and start cutting heads off with massive armor and swords... Think again (I did not come into thinking it was going to be like that), but with how in depth the crafting system is you will be playing this for hours maybe even days!"
76561198007583822,Recommended,290080,12411055,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Dutch Ranger,"Best Game i played for months if not years, and this in early Beta. Love it to bits, beware there still lots of bugs and the game still far from ready but worth the investment.And you get your hours out of this game, and value for the money. As i known period reenactors i known the time and effort that the makers put into thsi game, and its nowhere a clone of any game out there.The crafting system still needs tons of work but you never get bored make a sword after al the effort blood sweat and tears you put into it. Now just need a head to bash it against.It gets a Rangers 7/10 for early release ... but a 9/10 for the gameplay and general idea of the game."
76561198055966238,Recommended,290080,12413750,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,-Thomson-,insta addict.
,Recommended,290080,12416511,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,{KORE}  « Ω » Wife ßeater,"Great game still in testing and much to be done about it,"
,Recommended,290080,12419903,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Geios...Kweh?,"This game is very addictive.  At least for myself.  Sure it takes a extremely long time to get anything done even on servers with enhanced speeds, but I think that is part of what keeps me coming back.  I know that there is something to be done when I log back into the server and by the time I log off there will still be something that needs done.So far I am only just getting to the basic leather armors and a secure home at 41 hours in.  I can see this game becoming a hobby later once it eventually turns into an mmo."
76561198009880324,Recommended,290080,12429534,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Killerkey's,"loving this game, just waiting for more updates"
,Recommended,290080,12431841,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Veltarin,This game is awesome but it would help if there was a disconnect button so we can go back to the main menu and not have to quit the game to leave a server
,Recommended,290080,12434102,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,LtStig,"To survive in medieval is it easy or difficult? You need to find Raw materials and hunt to survive. This game is amazing even in early alpha, you can dig mines, build houses and make knight armor to survive. You can do it alone all the others. Build your kingdom, be good or evil of your choice. I recommend this play even if you seem the price is high. Rust, 7 Days to Die and Main Craft in one game, but with more excitement and fun. Buy and support the developer.SHOULD BE EXPERIENCED!"
76561198103459072,Recommended,290080,12435510,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Qwogli,This is going to be a very good game if the Devs stay with it.
76561198093536224,Recommended,290080,13650267,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Teedis,The game is very enjoyable and fun to play. I'd highly recommend any new players to make full use of the LIF Wiki as the game don't really include any in-game tutorial besides help on basic controls. The game still has a few bugs to be worked out but completely expected for still being in Alpha.
76561198002965078,Recommended,290080,13655889,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,LAZERFACE,"This game is really difficuly but fun as hell! its like mine craft on steriods to be honest, the building is resricted to what is already established so it is that crazy but it looks amazing and has alot of possible awesomeness. Alot of room to grow over all, and looks like alot of cool stuff to be added in the near future."
76561198101506916,Recommended,290080,13682782,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Faultierstein,While i think this is an amazing game it has a lot of things it needs to work out...mainly things to do while the grind is fun i mean its not like you have anything else to do just stand in front of a tree and press e or left mouse button till your forestry is at 60 to be able to get the next skill that is only half implemented its really fun bu extremely time consuming i will absolutly love this game when it comes out of early access
76561198014897249,Recommended,290080,13707801,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,TheAmericanDream,I highly recomend it. Improvements are needed but there are very few bugs. Gameplay is amazing.
76561197978830982,Recommended,290080,13878571,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,NordLandeR,"The game takes it time to do stuff, realism and all included.Its actually quite good for being an Alpha state!"
76561198162982252,Recommended,290080,13985816,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,deanejmi77,I like this game a lot. Im still a bit confused about the gathering experience but when I find out I can do something new its always a pleasant surprise. Can't wait for the final product.
,Recommended,290080,13989097,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,bigbadvoodoodady_1,"Lots to do, but a 'building' game. More focused on the community and working together (or against one another) than an FPS. There's a LOT of content here, for the patient person who wants a challenge. This is early access alpha, so I'm excited to see what they come up with next... can't wait!There are a few glitches here and there, but it already feels like a 'complete' experience. Feudal life is simulated to a great degree, so be prepared to run for your life!"
76561198138179931,Recommended,290080,14028181,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Blue,Thia one of the best game I played in a long time the crafting system is easy to do and when you go in the game I will tell you you cant go in it alone it would take you a very long time to get where you want to get with the game on your own so team up with some good people. The only down far that I see is a very long load start for me anyways. give it a 4 out of 5
,Recommended,290080,14090038,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,CptConnor,"With only 46 hours total, i'll give a review of what i think so far.This game is outstanding, with only a plaster shack build and a kiln to keep me company, i'm completely subdued in the environment. The mechanics of the game are good for it's state, the animal AI is good and the crafting is brilliant.More on the crafting. The mining aspect of the game is realistic, not Minecraft like where you can dig a mineshaft 300 blocks long in the space of half an hour, in this it would take you weeks. Hell it would take you months.The Buildings are realistic to every detail, they also take much longer compared to other crafting/building MMOs.I cant realy comment on the PvP as i've only fought a tree with an axe so far.The skills are in-depth and have a promising future.All in all. If you are a hardcore survivalist that loves PvP, survival and building. This game is the one."
,Recommended,290080,14290328,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Duks,Found a farm and stabbed a boar in the face.It fractured my ribs in one hit and didn't die until a pack of wolves came along and murdered us both.10/10 Dark Souls 3 looks nice
,Recommended,290080,24780864,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,[TGB] Mark [1st SCR],Very fun game to play if your on a ruleless server. Can't wait till the mmo. The graphics have come along great since first release.
,Recommended,290080,27391361,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CamperCombo,"Feudal is like an abusive partner, you know its bad for you but you keep coming back believing they have changed, but they don't. And you still love them for it.8/10 would be addicted again."
76561198040220094,Recommended,290080,12207136,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Jhon,"This game is so far what i expected and even a bit more than that! The only problem is the servers. I have noticed most of the bugs and crashs while on a server. I have played roughly 1-2 hours solo and no crashing only a few bugs here and there. Just a warning!  Also the map is the perfect size for early access and for only 64 players. with 64 players you will easily find a village and maybe join or steal from them. Players can almost be found everywhere, and the community that play this online are great people. I have yet to run into someone who kills for fun. The group i play with are making our settlment and the only thing we have problems with are the wolves. We have traded with others Players/ settlers. I would have to say this game is well worth the money especially since this is only alpha and ive always loved watching games change."
,Recommended,290080,12211658,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,WowAFreeBeer,"At the time of this review I have put about six hours into the game.When I picked my first server I started facing the beach, the sea was beautiful and the land surrounding me felt realistic and rugged. As I turned around a man was standing before me holding an axe. I backed off him and he spoke to me, he asked me to leave his camp as he did not trust strangers near his territory. I kindly agreed to give him distance and moved about my way.Not long after I met up with two other strangers who were looking for a place to settle. They were kind and friendly and we scoured the land for the perfect place to build our home. Once we found our ideal location we shaped the earth for hours, sowed the lands with crops and build our homes togeather. Three people, with no history of knowing each other dividing the labor of the land equally. It was a beautiful and magical friendship that was formed.As night approached we built a campfire and lit it. We all stood around in envy of the beautiful flames and as we stared at eachother in awe of our accomplishments thats when the server crashed and kicked all of us off the game. I was never able to find these players again and honestly I am really dissapointed to lose such great companions.Do I think this game is worth $40? Yes, as long as you realize that this game is VERY buggy. The crashes happen often and it takes forever to load. I also found that pushing buttons in certain combinations will result in a crash.Despite all this, this game has amazing potential. It nothing like DayZ where you will get PK on sight. While I ran into a few sticky situations with other playesr I managed to fend them off or successful run away from my attackers. I found that a majority of players are willing to work with you rather than just kill you for all of your loot.I really cant wait until this game works out its glitches. Because when it finially does, I feel that it would be the perfect middle age simulator for anyone to enjoy."
76561197991914576,Recommended,290080,12259747,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Jungle,if you like sandbox games and hack and slash action this might be for you.  I don't enjoy spending 10 hours farming to be able to build an axe only to have the first animal I come across kill me in 2 hits.
,Recommended,290080,12312719,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,The Swizzler,"*Very Early Alpha Build Reviewed, I will update as patches come out*Update: A few patches have fixed up a lot of the issues with stability and (finally) added a proper server browser. A lot of skills/build trees remain broken at the moment by some odd choices in the order things were implemented, but if you're willing to have a generally fun (if simple) experience of ""Rust with Swords"", this is a decent buy.LiF has an incredible amount of promise. For an early alpha build, I'd call the game nearly feature-complete. A great deal of the crafting is already in the game and ready to go. There's no lack of things to do right now, and the steady progression from shoeless caveman to hardscrabble dirt farmer comes at an engaging pace.The main problem (and the reason I am not recommending it) is that while they have done a lot of work on the crafting system and modelling, even the most basic functionality of the game itself is missing. It's highly unstable, the game crashes frequently, and getting the game to load at all can be a challenge. At the moment, there are a number of quality of life features missing that make the game seem to actively resist being played. You cannot disconnect from servers, you must exit the game entirely to connect to another one, and the favorites/history tab does not work, meaning you can lose hours of work if you get disconnected (something that happens quite often) and are unable to find your server again.It's interesting to see an early access title have the opposite problem that most have (big on features, low on basic functions), but I really can't recommend it at the moment. Future builds may improve stability and quality of life, but right now it's simply not worth the 40 dollars."
,Recommended,290080,12385736,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Rafiki,"This game is probably the best survival based multiplayer game I've ever played. It takes a lot of elements from really good survival games like Day Z, Rust, and many others. Combines them and makes the perfect survival game. The main thing about this game that I love is the focus on community. To be able to get far in this game you need other people, plain and simple. The only thing I don't like about this game is the combat tree parts of it really don't make sense, but hey it's in alpha so I'm sure they'll tweak it here and there before release. If you're considering buying life is feudal do it and make sure you get some friends to do it as well."
76561198126290980,Recommended,290080,13650775,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Psychic,"This game is very exciting. Its like a combination of minecraft and mount and blade. It has great graphics, and you can play for hours just to accomplish one task, It puts a very realisitic touch to the medevil world.  With more stuff being added to the game as it is still in Alpha and bugs being fixed on a regular basis this game has a ton of promise. I can't imagine just how great this game will be when it is finished."
,Recommended,290080,21862347,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,drenoma,"hardcore, no holding hands game"
76561198001977026,Recommended,290080,12174998,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Mrvampyr101,"Life is feudal is a very hard game getting into, sure there are some minor issues as it is just an alpha still but they dont hide it.This game shows you that you really need to work together or you will have to struggle to survive. You spawn naked confused and without any tools. Sure you get some commentary rags but well pretty much you are ♥♥♥♥ed. Think like you would be a prisoner and left at the beach of a uninhabitated island or stranded there cause you fell of a ship.The best part about the game is that it is realistic. Sure it is in alpha and there for needs some fixes but mostly it is goodSome other good stuffs are the amount of things you can do to change the world and how it looks. You can break things, build things and simply make it yours. Not to mention the hardship, You spawn with five cookies, in the beginning you think well this is easy I can survive long on this........ sure you can survive a few days on it and in my opinion too long. But once you are out of them and starving, crawling on all fours trying to find something eatable in the grass it is suddenly not so easy anymore. ALSO NO LEVELS ONLY SKILLS!The bads stuff then, claims! Sure you dont want anyone messing with you castle while you are away as it takes a lot of ♥♥♥♥ing time building it. But I am not talking about those claims, I am talking about claims on logs and smaller items. Try building something when you got to wait 2 minutes after someone brought you the log as it is not yours. This slow down the working speed. Also there is no option to turn off the claims as it would be nice having one for when you host a serverapart from that it is just stuff that can be cause of the alpha. The skill trees are weird and almost random what you need to do something, The are hard to understand and well once you do they are just so simple. You dont have sub catagories or much selection of them, it would be nice seeing a bigger skill tree with a more logical design. Cause building a wooden shack is not under carpentry which is like ehm okay, But instead it is in the tree that builds stuff out of clay and bricks. Which makes little sense, Their wiki is also kind of hard to use as it speaks off ideas of the game not the actual game also lacking in contextOver all it is a good game just remember it is in Alpha and not a easy game to get into"
,Recommended,290080,12188517,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,★ Eth ★ The Spurned,"As a fan of Ultima Online 2D & 3D and a heavy Rper : This game is everything to remind me of those beautiful feudal time... Lots of crafting, War, Siege, Formation. I won't list everything epic with it, but it's worth the cost to support these guys ! BUY IT NOW"
,Recommended,290080,12190455,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Alexanderfro,"here take my money, get this game or die"
76561198054647733,Recommended,290080,12204857,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,MasterSavage,Amazing game has some very massive potential. Highly recommended you get this game and help the developers out.
,Recommended,290080,12277389,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,[Mz] Mulic,"This game is everything I wanted in a Medieval game. The creativity it allows is amazing, It truly is a sandbox inwhich anything is possible. This is very early days for this game and so it has its bugs and issues but that was expected. The game itself plays well and looks reasonable.You begin with absolutely nothing except the clothes on your back and you have to start from scratch to make a name for yourself. It gives you no hints and just throws you out there to work it out on your own which I feel is great. Everything is done logically so you just have to think what you would need to do IRL and it is likely how you do it in game.Words cannot describe how happy I am that this game is being developed and I have high hopes for its future. Definetly worth the buy."
76561198038732002,Recommended,290080,12431270,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,PaganRob,Takes some getting used to.  Slow pace and high learning curve in the beginning.  Overall great game.
76561197998244313,Recommended,290080,12435992,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Kardinal Tyserie,"!!!I do not recommend and I don't say don't buy it! It's up to you, maybe you will enjoy it.Did you play Mortal Online, The Forest, Rust? This is the same kind of product. Great on paper, not so great in reality. It never will be so polished like it should be. From what I did see right now, you can't even delete unused ingame items (thats very stupid). Also the cells system which is used for the land (you terafforming single cells) doesn't seems  like good sollution. It's not working on 100% and that cube mining holes looks really ugly.There is single map for this first small realease and even this one single small map has lot of holes in textures. Realy its one small map, can't they put some love into it and give us world without possiblity to see beneath textures?? Shame on you devs! I did see ther only two animals, wolf and some deer and they alwasy stay on one place, side by side like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Thas all what they do. Yeah, maybe wolf will attack if you want kiss his beloved deer, I did't try, because I saw video where two guys vere killing one deer like 30 mins. There are spots where the same sounds of wildernes are repeated every one second. So its for example never ending loop of eagle scream. It will force you to move from your already claimed property to somewhere else.If those guys have technical skills like for example Trion or Funcom, that woudl be awesome, but what I did see right now, it's just another cheap looking, like hell bugging, forever in beta never really polished game. But part of pvp crowd would be satisfied for sure.And about ""early access and beta"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. In todays language, that means realeased, money making game. So spare it for someone who cares.. When MO was in beta, people were excited like hell, is the same with this game. But I think this will do probably better then Mortal Online, it looks little bit better.I don't want refund, it was my decision to buy, am not in hate. I will check the huge map when they will release it. But am realy sad that it is always like this :( I would  say, that all these junior developers just use us like university of game making. They probably will one day join some real company and would do some reall games."
76561198026918425,Recommended,290080,13955792,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Johnny Be Good,"I really like the game, BUT BUT BUT why do you have to go through so much BS just to exit the game. CTR Alt Dlt. NOPE. It keeps putting you back in the game. Fix that please. I have to restart my PC every time just to exit. Other than that you need to take your time to learn skills."
,Recommended,290080,12259531,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Recreas,"Great game so far, of course it has its issues but that's what you get with most if not all Early Access games. I do advise playing with friends, playing alone can get boring rather fast as the game, especially at the start, requires a lot of time and effort. It's not quite easy to get in to but once you get it, it's one of those sandbox games you'll spend a lot of time in."
76561197976423313,Recommended,290080,12270912,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Garret,This game is a really amazing game it does have it problems but can't really hold it against the game as on the time of this recomandation (28/9/2014) it's very early access but the amount of stuff you can already do is pretty amazing it highly suggests team work with other players to get a good base up and running smoothly but thats not saying you can't solo it still possable but more fun in a group it has very good potential I would have to say it's worth the coin and a bargain when they get everything in the game if your a fan of open world MMO RPG suvival games I would have to say this game should be for you their forumshttp://lifeisfeudal.com/forum/
76561198012088610,Recommended,290080,12428042,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Archaon,"When I first saw this game (I forget where) I thought it was the game of dreams. An open world sandbox MMORPG set in a a medeival setting. Then I noticed the steep price of £25 (or your regional equivalent). However after seeing the trailer and some streams of the game in action I was convinced.For an alpha it runs quite well with the expected bug here and there but hey, its an alpha. Most the the games terraforming and building mechanics are pretty much to point but could do with some polishing. With frequent updates and bug fixes it gives me a good reason to trust the devs behind this game.After playing for hours alone I realised I needed to either find some friends to join me on my adventure though the world and increase chances of survival. Or find a friendly group of players who will accept me into their community. (Dont expect everyone to be friendly, this is the medeival ages). As I mentioned after hours of play with friends we finally have a little lake side village which is progressing nicely. A farm, some houses and soon to be a forge.We hope to gain some weapons soon and either :TAX THE PEASANTS (other players)orHunt down criminals (Bad rep players)However.The combat for ranged weapons is very clunky and can be unreliable. Melee is more reliable at the current moment but could really do with some work.Final opinion 8/10Pros:-Sandbox-Will soon be an MMORPG-Player driven-Strong sense of community-Highly addictiveCons:-Steep alpha price-Clucky combat in the current build"
,Recommended,290080,14396518,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,mulatto,"This game has a really cool and in-depth crafting system. However, you should be prepared for a mild grind if you are crafting and a pretty heavy grind if you are building large structures. Also, get some friends to play with you.It's a lot of fun if you have the time to play it."
76561198087625870,Recommended,290080,24719997,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Ironveins,My favorite game
,Recommended,290080,12180325,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,IncsyUK,Only clocked up 8hrs on this game so far and I'm loving it. Players looking at quick builds should look elsewhere as this game takes a while to up your relevant skills needed to build structures. worth buying yes it is.......
,Recommended,290080,12184182,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Qwuanzuh,"HIGHLIGHTS of my first playthrough of LiF:-Met 6 other noobs after walking for 40 minutes straight into a mountain-A wolf knocked all 7 of us unconcious as we were building a village-3 men stabbed a screaming moose for 10 minutes without it dying-Some guy built a clay shack on my farm that took me 3 hours to fill and plow-I prayed to the gods above and got teleported to the southern most part of the map from the northern end where I had my farm.-We found a rabbit and pet it and loved it and named it George-We boiled potatoes, mashed em, and stuck em in a stew-I was hit in the head with a shovel and some man ran away with George10/10 Get serfed"
76561198066359775,Recommended,290080,12208863,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Archaon,Brilliant game! just dont get it yet... too many bugs at the moment definately a game to consider in the future though!
76561197960437937,Recommended,290080,12212405,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,GTXGaming.co.uk,"Love this game is awesome, hosting a server with blackbox and very happy indeed"
76561198059628623,Recommended,290080,12223094,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Thor0dinson,"I have approximatley 30 hours of actual gameplay, and I love this game! Its a great sandbox/terraform game. It has an awesome military mix in with it.Pros-You can make the game more difficult or easier based on the skill leveling multiplier. You can also change how fast things grow, smelt etc. The terrain when terraforming has a great reaction based on a more real life scale. The weapons and armors are a harder thing to make so it takes a lot of time for a group of people to turn in to pvp maniacs.Cons- The BIGGEST con right now is the launcher. It needs a lot of work. If I leave a server or want to change characters I actually consider not playing, because the launcher is incredibly slow and there are times it doesn't want to cooperate at all. I also have had a hard time hosting a server. There are some small bugs related to it being a new game, i.e. some terrain issues where you can see through the map or trees look like they hover.Conclusion- I would give this game in total a 6.8/10. For a BRAND new game I would give it a 8.8/10. The game has GREAT potential! I would highly recommend giving it a try, right now I think its worth the $40 and with the reaction we have seen fromt he developers I think in a couple months it would be worth more!"
76561198082693318,Recommended,290080,12278145,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,MerlotGaming,Love this game soo much rpg in my server 10/10 ign! if you want come watch this game live and see for your selfhttp://www.twitch.tv/merlotgaming
,Recommended,290080,12279315,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Erictheslayer,Stronghold Meets Rust ish. Awesome Alpha game! this can be a very good game.
,Recommended,290080,12295112,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,RolanDecoy,"Great concept, but I'm affraid my system simply can't handle even walking around. With constant loading and terrain generating the game just becomes unplayable,...for now.Strange thing is that the system requirements are met, and then some, but there are a LOT of errors when starting a server (even single player requires starting one, which is not uncommon).High hopes though."
76561197978258237,Recommended,290080,12355410,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Spec,"Absolutely the best, it IS awesome and it WILL be even better!"
,Recommended,290080,12382713,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Ebon Drake,"In order to enjoy this game, you have to be seriously.. seriously.. masochistic.. That being said, a few hours in, I am really really enjoying the depth and realism!This game is fabulous!I have a lot more to go I can give a good review based off of many game hours, but so far two masochistic thumbs up!(The previous review is based solely on a single player experience. No douch baggery from other people was experienced previous to writing this review.)"
,Recommended,290080,13654896,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,lust4deth,"Basically, if you enjoy minecraft or runescape (grind games) you will enjoy the absolute F--- out of this game.  The trick is finding another person to help you out and set up a decent area to manufacture goods and such to trade/use with/on other players. the terraforming is amazing because when you drop the rock or iron it shows immediately on the ground and changes the actual texture. if you dig in that area again, you get some of what you dropped back, the terraforming takes a loooong time to flatten areas but its worth it once you get set up.  NEED A GROUP TO HAVE FUN BASICALLY, on your own is crazy."
,Recommended,290080,13782204,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,[HTiD] giddyp87,One of the more entertaining survival games out there ive put 97 hours in since xmas day you guys are doing a great job so keep up the good workonly problem ive seen is that to get ur construction up u need a mallet and for a mallet u need ur animal lore at 30 well to get ur animal lore up u need chicken coops and for that u need 50 constructioni hope that makes sence but its the only thing ive seen wrong so give us more ways to up our animal lore
76561198021148453,Recommended,290080,13966591,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,ZionOrion,"Well this game is like no other....grueling, tedious, frustrating and feudal. I had always wanted a more realistic looking/performing minecraft...well this is about as close as it gets and then some! It has more work to be done and features to be added, but as it stands now it is certainly playable and great fun! Best investment in a video game since Arma3/Epoch and WoW...."
38383837474987262,Recommended,290080,21888964,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,MikeTheOG,This game is one that requires time. As many gamers today are to caught up in let me just run and kill that they can't commit time. So if your 12 get your♥♥♥♥♥out of here you won't like it.
76561198000697763,Recommended,290080,24585604,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,krone,"Reminds me of ultima online in many ways. Great game, takes time and dedication, but great game."
,Recommended,290080,32797727,Posted: 25 June,all,Mikejuh,"Life for sure is Feudal in this game,You sure need alot of time and having a group to play with sure makes life alot easier.But when you pick a server with the right settings you will do just fine alone if that is what you prefer.LiF has a great depth in the crafting system and of course you are able to terraform which is always a BIG + for me.Their updates for LiF: Your Own are fair and pretty much every bug has been ironed out."
76561198028640256,Recommended,290080,12190567,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Gamersfolly,"I give it a 5/10. It has amazing potential, but at the same time I can't stay in a game without it crashing  every 15 minutes and I have a brand new Alienware comp. I hope they fix the many bugs, i've also noticed ""splits"" in the map.ONE MORE THING. THE FACT THAT I CANNOT LEAVE A SERVER AND JOIN A NEW ONE WITHOUT COMPLETELY EXITING THE GAME IS SO FRUSTRATING!!!!"
76561198037853521,Recommended,290080,12201649,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,jlong1180,"Abso;utely stunning game and crafting system. Only issue is that the game crashes seems like almost every 5 minutes. If they could fix all the crashes, it would be awesome!"
,Recommended,290080,13961348,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,OkravaazDraaf,"Damn... This is a role playing paradise. I've sunken thirty hours into this game and I already have the reputation of Okravaaz Draaf the revolutionist. Wow... Off to the review :D!====================================================================================Gameplay: The gameplay is not molded by the developers but rather the community. My most memorable moments were of course not staring at a green bar, but they were about meeting new people and speaking to old friends. I even started a revolution against the almighty leader of the server. That was fun. (4/4)Graphics: The game doesn't look very pleasing, but it isn't terrible either. (2/4)Preformance: The game preforms almost horrible. I guess it is playable, but it certaintly isn't pleasing on the eyes. (1/4)Realism: The description of this game basicaly sums it up. The most god damn realistic mmo I have ever seen. While its graphics may not be good and it may not preform great, the game is so realistic I think I've been blinded. The game basicaly reflects on what it would ACTUALY be like in the wilderness. I would say you would need the help of five or ten people just to get new CLOTHING. (4/4)This game scored a total of 55%. I know you think that's a terrible score, because it is, but the only real downsides to this are its graphics and preformance. So as long as you have relatively strong eyes and a decent computer, you should be able to enjoy this game.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------NOTES*The game is relatively slow moving, and you're going to want a day or two of free time to actualy enjoy the game.-SharkTurd, C.E.O. SharlBird Inc."
76561198004480832,Recommended,290080,12248496,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Halfbag,"Yeah sweet, although it's only early access I enjoyed me time playing, game looks very promising and i can see amazing potential in the near future. it's already pretty awesome though."
,Recommended,290080,12306351,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Whitepanda,"Has good potential. Dont expect it to be the child of a minecraft and warband orgy though. If you have a dual GPU i would give it a miss untll they fix the bug. The game wont allow you to select your main GPU and will only use the integrated one which sucks. Worth a hit tho, its a complex crafting medievil style MMo which is fun with a group of your mates."
,Recommended,290080,12387063,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Ax3l Plays,fun game lots do and build I do recommend to play with friends or fiend a group to play. If you try to go at it alone you may not enjoy it as much and and the building goeas faster too.But keep in mind is in alpha so there are some bugs and problems. Devs been upfront and it's updated frequently.
76561198202210480,Recommended,290080,14033622,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Squidward Testicles,"I love the game, I just wish it didn't crash as often as it did. Defnitely looking forward to the new content!!"
76561198033922758,Recommended,290080,31469390,Posted: 30 April,all,SneakyDude,"I like LIF, some bugs that are not perfect but over all runs rather nicely. I have personally talked to the devs over some LIF bugs that are an issue at lower lvl intervals. They fixed many of the issues, and proceed to move towards the MMO. I am happy with my purchase so far."
76561198117964803,Recommended,290080,14920086,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Ironside,"Its ok but be warned (because they DO NOT make it clear) this is not for the MMO version, its a good game in its own rights but its obvious this was a funding project."
,Recommended,290080,23831400,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,TotalTriton,"Great game if you have friends irl to play with, otherwise its pretty boring, hard and practically impossible to get moving in the crafting aspect of the game. And I say irl friends as those made online can easily just ditch you and leave you stranded with no way to keep going on your own. So make sure you know the people you play with well.Otherwise, good game. Mechanics are hard to understand at times, but with a bit of practice its fairly easy."
76561198046136542,Recommended,290080,28026339,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,26thAL.Darc,Love this game its ultra complex and deep a big time suck to get anywhere good u have to team up with ppl  cause of the skill cap so fun in my book but watch vids of it so many of the bad reviews r from ppl who didnt play it very long with  100+ hrs i havnt even done or know everything about the game great for role play also
76561198060720888,Recommended,290080,33853039,Posted: 28 July,all,Demonian,"How do I start?  This game has alot to do in it.  Lets start with some pros and cons.Pros:  SImulates being a villager in medievil times very well.  You can rise up to become whomever you want.Excellent community.  Most servers (especially the RP ones)  are not psychopaths like I fought against in Ark.  They will generally support new players and help them get started.Variety.  Given the number of skills you can learn you have the choice to be a smith, farmer or knight.  Some servers are setup so you can learn everything, some are setup so you can only learn a few.Soundtrack.  I still havent gotten tired of the catchy tunes while playing.Claims.  YOu can maintain a claim to protect your hard work.  This requires upkeep but is worth the protection.Market/economy.  The economy is player driven and there is always need for resources, anybody can start growing things like Flax and make some good deals.Cons:  Grinding.  The game is very grindy.  You don't really feel it until your skills hit 80+ but it still can feel like forever on some servers until you hit 100.Server population.  Most of the servers are barren or private, however there are enough that are densly populated.Wealth gap.  Chalk this up to the name Feudal but there is a gap between having iron and not.Winter.  This is a lovely experience after you have been established on a server but it's not fun starting out during winter on any server.  Food is short and plants dont grow.Tree growth.  This is a con by itself due to the months long growth cycle of trees, I know people that have planted trees in thier claim and 3-4 game months later have left the server only to finally have those trees grow.  You will need lots of wood to build and tree replenishment takes a long time.Overall I love this game, some gripes yes but it makes for a better experience in my head.  It makes you manage your resources and find other work during hard times."
76561198022182244,Recommended,290080,21218711,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Rogred,This is not a review. Just a thumbs up.
76561198080449765,Recommended,290080,21676697,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,DarkPact,"Very addictive and really interresting, this game should not be released yet. For the people that do enjoy this genre of games it is brilliant. More Alpha then release it does feel like you are a labrat for the upcoming MMO. Devs are still releasing content which is buggy but with quick hotfixes (sometimes less quick) it is enjoyable and one of the few games that let you build a base the size of a city. Pick a server that fits your style and you are up for some good hours of lacking sleep and painful fingers from grinding materials."
76561198007145102,Recommended,290080,21306093,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,shootin465,"I am obsessed with this game. Normally i get bored easily and will buy a game, play it for 30-50 hours and then move on to the next thing. Not this one. I have put 100 hours into it so far over the past 3 weeks and am more obsessed than ever. I am constantly surprised i still love this game since it seems very grindy, but the strange thing is that i rarely notice the grind when i actually play. Even the seemingly grindy tasks like flattening the earth or fishing for food don't seem to be as tedious because you are constantly thinking about what you will be able to do next once you complete that task.Things to be prepared for/know up front:--This game is not quick. You will not build everything in the game in a matter of days. Even seemingly simple things such build a small wodden house will take 30-40 man hours (longer if you have to do everything yourself). If the thought of always having something new to build or something to improve appeals to you, then you will like this game.--This game should not be played alone in my opinion. I don't mean you have to start the game with a friend, but you better find someone else in game (or more than one person preferably) if you want to have any success. Everything just takes too darn long and never ending if you aren't able to divide up tasks.--Many servers are heavy RP so if that's not your cup of tea, make sure to find a server that isn't.Recommendations for enjoying the game:--Research the available servers thoroughly and pick one you think you might like. Nothing ruins this game quicker than joining a dead server or a server that enforces rules that will ruin your fun (like deleting your character if you die)--If you are first starting, run around the whole map visiting the towns. Dont just join the first one you see. You will be spending a lot of time with these people so you have to determine what their goals/time commitments/ etc are. I played on 2 servers and the enjoyment i had on one is immensely more simply cuz that one contained people more willing to help, and more people on at the same time i would play.--Do not play alone. I have already said this, but i cant stress it enough. This game becomes 100x more fun if you are working on something with a group of people and can pass the time chatting with them rather than working by your lonesome in total silence.Conclusion:This game deserves more credit than it seems to get, but in the end it all comes down to the server you join. Join a good server and you will love it. join a bad server, and you will play this for 10 hours and never come back."
76561198108202812,Recommended,290080,21334452,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Hnupsomar,Awesome game.You have to really do teamwork to achieve greatnes.It is best platform for role-playing i have seen.
76561198044030338,Recommended,290080,33641602,Posted: 18 July,all,Owl,if you like grinding youre♥♥♥♥♥off to build a huge castle then youll love it if not this game is surely not for you.
76561198007211811,Recommended,290080,21091116,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Fire70,"Having just played the game for 70 odd hours I have found it tedious at times but other time have though ""this is the greatest game I have ever played""..This game excels if you team up with others as solo = long boring grinds at times. If you share the load then you can focus on the more interesting parts.Once you get over the initial skill development the grind becomes enjoyable.It is very rewarding to see you castle develop or defeating others in battle and this game really shines in the team work department.It still has bugs and the menu screens really need to be improved but I am looking forward to the MMO version to see this game really shine.If you are looking for a solo experience then I would look elsewhere as it will take to long to get your character to a enjoyable stage..If you want to have a social game where tram work is pivotal then you will like this game, especially after getting some of your skills up.."
,Recommended,290080,27897509,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sanguinius,"Live life as a peasant, plow those fields, and band together to slay tyrants with your pitchforks."
76561198063930047,Recommended,290080,27873774,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zahk,Fun even without being finished yet! Grindy game however but worth it!
76561198037009965,Recommended,290080,13070010,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Sathanos,Floating logs are the best.
76561198151503656,Recommended,290080,13432808,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,"✦ | Dat Hoe, Baso","This game is amazing,Its a game that takes alot of time and work to get♥♥♥♥♥♥done.But when♥♥♥♥♥♥gets done you feel very good.Its like a mini orgasem in your brain.I would sugest you buy this game if you can put in the hours.In my heart its 10/10 , game of the yearIf you dont like this review youll get aids."
76561197999688622,Recommended,290080,12180804,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Amon Amarth,so far so good. with the opening of promised features this game can only get better.
,Recommended,290080,12181919,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,CABLE,THIS IS AN ALPHA!!!! The gameplay mechanics and the level of freedom givin has been a stelar experience on all levels.It may be in early dev but it still better than most completed games.
,Recommended,290080,12186665,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,NutellatheHun,Super fun game it has its bugs but thats to be expected at this stage. I have been waiting for a game like this for ages and its finally here. Unlike other games of this genre this game is more team based than solo running around pking. You will need a group to be powerful as the games skill cap will stop you from being a master at everything so you must pick your skills and work together will your team or village to master all the skills and be a force to fear. This game is worth the price at this stage even with the bugs. Tho if you are a solo player I would stay away from this as you will be crippled in the long run.
,Recommended,290080,12190176,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,GioGimic,Amazing Game! Completely Worth The Price!The Skill System 10/10 Really pushes for group play but you can still lone wolf it for a bit if you really wantCombat System  5/10 Mainly because right now its kinda buggy but since it is alpha/early access this is something im sure they will fixThere's nothing more satisfying then building your first hut and finding your first apple tree obviously the game needs to be fixed up quite a bit but im already loving every second of this game!
76561198063964432,Recommended,290080,12225750,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Scatman And Throbbin,"Very interesting take on a hardcore survival sandbox style game, in a good way. Unlike all the other developers hopping on this quickly developing genre, LIF takes the emphasis out of PVP and places it instead upon cooperation and survival instead.Upon my first few hours of gameplay, i encountered my first player,I equipped my knife to the best of my ability(I was still learning the controls, so it was sketchy) and ran at my target. I struck him twice out of the three swings I got in before he became aware of the attack. He was on the run, and I figured I could finish him off within the next few swings, seeing as one might imagine that knife-wounds would be fatal. I couldn't have been any more off-track. Upon checking my combat log i discovered my knife lunge had done a whopping .80 damage, to the head nontheless. One well-aimed surprise knife attack was not capable of depleting even 1/100 oh my opponents health.I waited until my opponent was a safe distance away(he was still fleeing despite my pathetic damage output) and then made my retreat, as winning this fight would inevitably prove to be more trouble than it was worth.I realize now that this is because it's not meant to be a sort medieval rust/dayz with better crafting, this game truly strives to break free of this generic PVP sandbox archetype that has somehow become the standard of this genre.That's not to say that PVP Isn't important, it's just not designed to be a game in which you hop in and have the (realistic) capacity to kill people. Which is good! it helps to change the direction of these games, instead of just mindlessly bashing someone with a rock to get their belongings, you have to cooperate with people to establish the means to build those weapons in the first place. Which adds a layer of depth and establishes the foundation for group combat and politics among other villages.It strives to be something that truly deviates from what we know now as a pvp sandbox title, and does so succesfully."
76561198043202895,Recommended,290080,12248702,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Saucy Peaches,"To the player who stole my hard earned 300+ herbs:I will♥♥♥♥♥♥on your ♥♥♥♥ing balls, you little♥♥♥♥♥♥ I am an expert in C++ hacking and will dDos your mothers ♥♥♥♥ing computer you worthless satchel of ♥♥♥♥♥. If I ever find you, you better pray (in real life and in this game) that I don't cut you to pieces with my 1000+ folded damascus steel katana (It cuts through ten inch tatami mats). I am an expert in jui-jitsu and have trained with ancient Chinese monks known as Shaolin. I am able to do push-ups with two fingers and I can balance five times my body weight on my skull. Not only am I in peak physical condition, but I was able to master multivariable calculus at the meager age of ten ♥♥♥♥ing years old. Too ♥♥♥♥ing spooky for you, right? Well there is more you little ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have the mental fortitude of crucible ♥♥♥♥ing steel. That means I will find you and I will get my herbs back and kick the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your subtle taffer♥♥♥♥♥and your entire ♥♥♥♥ing clique of sneaky ♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥s across the lake. You ♥♥♥♥ed with the wrong village, the wrong people at the wrongest time ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. This message is the calm. The calm before the storm that is my guild and the steel swords that we just built after 70+ hours of excruciating gameplay thanks to your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I bet you are quivering in your armachair right now you cake♥♥♥♥♥twinkie ♥♥♥♥♥, and you should, now that you know who the hell you're really dealing with. You better sleep with one eye open because my vengeance will make you never want to log onto this game again. You will learn your lesson, I ♥♥♥♥ing swear it, ♥♥♥♥♥. Check yourself.TL:DR ; This game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks, you can't have guns."
,Recommended,290080,12257206,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Burylown,"This game is actually quite amazing. Granted it's a lot like Wurm, but that's because it's in a genre. There's so much more to this game. My only gamebreaking issue right now is that the preformance on it for my rig is heavier than Battlefield 3, or any CryEngine game.My assumption for this is that it's being ran through Torque, and it doesn't have a lot of optimization.If you have a rig that can run Battlefield 3, around medium to low graphics, then you'll probably have issues with this game.Gameplay is great, preformance is not so great (on my end). When this game get's optimized and I can play it without any tree lag, I'll write a more thurough review."
76561197966968844,Recommended,290080,12291106,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Asellus Orlouge,Game could become a great game but i find everything too difficult to figure out need massive improvement on crafting systems and ressources gathering.overall i give a 6/10i would also recommend wait a good 5-6 months see if improvement comes before buying
76561198003841021,Recommended,290080,12532995,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Hideblad,"Well what can you say about a medieval sandbox game? For starters you have to take in mind that it's still just an alpha but after seeing past the rough edges you can see that this really got potential.I would say that this is some combination between Minecraft and Mount n Blade. This game really puts its weight on teamwork between players, this by complementing each other to cover all the different skillsets in the game.As I said before, this game really got potential and I really recommend you to try this out."
76561198041935059,Recommended,290080,12562242,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,scruffy_beast,"I'm giving some faith to the devs for my recommended status. It's a beautiful game, but after 9 hours I'm bored. Crafting system is in depth but the controls... THE CONTROLS! Want to build something? Don't look to anything in game to guide you through even the most simplistic of tasks. I chose the private server route as I wanted to see what the game has to offer without having to watch my back. That was fun to set up, you will need additional downloads if you run into the non responsive (private) server.I think 8 of my 9 hours I spent hacking away at trees, watching a crafting bar run it's meandering course, and alt-tabbing to try and find a user made youtube video while I ground my teeth in frustration. I wanted to do something that looks really cool in game and having no clue how to even start. I should add that I only knew something cool was there because of said walkthroughs.The desolation was incredible as well, I felt like I should have run accross a few peasants on the road to harass, maybe a highway robber, but alas nothing was there to even make me worry about obtaining a decent weapon. I even cranked up the animal population to max and it took me a half hour (real time) to wander my lonely island till I found what appeared to be a deer and wolf grunting in the bushes doing god knows what. 4 slingshot projectiles later (after firing 20 shots at close range) I watched my preys back side dissapear into the woods, I gave chase but tripped on the wolf and was promptly devoured as I tried to switch my weapons (STUPID G DAM ANIMATION) because the sling takes one weapon slot and the shots sit in the other.Pros: Sweet idea, excellent presentation, the game of my dreams. Controls are responsive.Cons: Nothing to do, and the things you can do are too complicated and not really a big payoff after grinding for hours. Controls are confusing. The Island is disturbing and lonely in it's beauty. I'd rather be a part of a continent cut off by a mountain range, that would feel immersive.I could keep going, but this is an ALPHA build and I want to see it make it to completion. My recommendation is to support the Dev, maybe wait for it to go on sale if you can't drop the $40 (really? Why is it so much?) but I would at some point pick up this game because it looks like good things will be coming."
76561198022859522,Recommended,290080,12565926,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,mytios919,I love this game!!
76561197991264637,Recommended,290080,12570943,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,planelyfun,"This game is the ultimate Castle Builder.  It does require a bit of patience and gives the impression of living in times that are definately Feudal.  But,  the realism and beautiful graphics are part of the allure.  I am enjoying playing even during this development  time and can hardly wait to see what the final product will produce."
76561198046716754,Recommended,290080,12591248,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,VoidSavage,soo awesome best pc game ever.
76561197980772679,Recommended,290080,12597303,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,LawlZomgPwned,loading takes a while but damn This game is def headed the right way
,Recommended,290080,12625510,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Korskarn,I love this game. It is very deep from skill set point. You should try to play with group of friends - makes things easier and gives better sense of being part of a feudal village / keep. Loads of potential. Great fun.
,Recommended,290080,13677814,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Medical Pizza,Spent all my playtime trying to cut herb faster.Still haven't cut herb faster...
76561198118772312,Recommended,290080,13696741,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,sigvatr_jotunbane,"To some of the other reviews, which I feel have been unfair in some respects:The game can be grindy, yes... But it does not take 30 real-life hours to build a shack.All you need is skill in terraforming and construction (which are in the same line and unlocked almost instantly) and some primitive tools. If you know what you're doing (and it takes no time at all to know, if you youtube it), you can get a 3x4 plot of land flattened and build a shack in an hour, if even that.Unless you're building on an extreme incline like a mountain side - which will of course be tons of work.The game is kind of lame for a solo person unless you love to basically do nothing but build and survive - but that's not the true aim of the game, from what Iv'e seen and experienced.You can be a lone wolf, yes, but on a server with a decent population it is often much easier to go it in a group.The point of the game is to build a town/kingdom that is populated by real people that are ready to defend it, and real people that are ready to raid and conquer it. Teamwork is the key here, especially on servers that set the skill cap lower than maximum.If you want a solo experience, you should go for a ""themepark"" MMO or a casual single-player voxel game such as Minecraft.This game - a full-loot, free pvp crafting game with hunger mechanics, complex stats and a no-target combat system, is *not* a casual single-player experience. Don't fool yourself.Would I enjoy more agressive NPC's that would give a real need to build defenses? Absolutely. But this is just not that kind of game, and there is honestly little need for it outside of a private, single-person server.Between honorless theives, merciless raiders that want nothing more than to make you bleed and take your land and crafted items, and the ever-present possibility of betrayal from your own neighbors... This game utilizes the same hostile threat that so many others capitalize on - the most powerful, cunning, monstrous and challenging enemies of them all; other people.And that is more than enough reason to build tall walls and secure storage buildings.If you absolutely cannot wait for the MMO, buy the ""Your Own"" version now and get in a good server with decent admins. But be prepared for spurts of lag on higher populated and more developed servers, until they fix tree growth rates and tunnel lag. This current version is more of an isolated testing version in a smaller continent with smaller public and private servers, in which many people and guilds are using for training purposes to prepare for the release of the much larger MMO version.But all in all, I reccomend this game for its unique and satisfying experience. Think ""Wurm Online"" with much more fun and heart-pounding combat, and way better graphics."
76561197976843582,Recommended,290080,13767221,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Draconis-Avatarus,"Very Expansive, kinda hard to understand for the first 20 minutes, but then it's like Ahhhh I got it."
76561198059894356,Recommended,290080,13793356,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Ｃａ＄ｈ,Life is indeed Feudal.
,Recommended,290080,13808144,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Asator,"If you are looking for a hardcore medieval experience...this is it! I spent at least 4 Hours in the game before I was even able to build my first Shack...Terraforming, Gathering Materials. etc. takes a really long time if you are playing on your own, but I wanted to learn the basics of LiF first before I join any servers. Once you've built your own Shack then you can craft furniture to fill it with, which of course requires new Materials and Tools. So, even though this is a early Alpha you will always  have stuff to do because everything takes so much time (like I said, this game is Hardcore!). With better Carpentery and Logging skills you will be able to make better and bigger Houses and Buildings which will even take more of your free-time :D I only played the game for like 12-13 hours at this moment where I'm writing this review, but I'm already addicted. So If you like Medieval themed games and are looking for a Minecraft-like experience you should give LiF:Your Own a try!"
,Recommended,290080,14719882,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Count Delinard,"Still a lot to improve.. A LOTBut, it's slowly getting there, more server stability as for restarts would be nice though.. But it will come with time, as updates stop adding mechanics that require restarts"
76561198047349364,Recommended,290080,14736841,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,king K,It is a good game and has potential. The Game Developers need to update the game more often and please fix everything that does not work.
,Recommended,290080,20036359,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Kemela14,"Played the beta of the game and the developement team did an amzing job. For all the gamers who actually like to ""create"" something, I would recommend. The game still isn't flawless, but so does the real life so we must overlook the small issues and enjoy this huge creative world. :D"
76561198081937381,Recommended,290080,20143900,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Alfirin,"First i was mad when the game was released, and it was unplayable for me because of the glitches/bugs. The developers acted quickly, and fixed the problems, so I could play a lot at last. Here is my opinion after more than 180 playing hours:I do not recommend the game, if you do not like to interact a lot with other people.I think the main strength of this game lies in the community, which is nice (not as many♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bags like in Rust), and in team-play. Thanks to the skill-cap on the servers, you simply cannot play on your own, and I like that, because that is what a MMO-like game is about. In this game, if you do not play together with others in a guild, you will get bored easily anyway.I do not recommend the game, if you expect on fast-paced medieval combat. There is combat of course in the game, but the monument/judgement hour system, and the fact, that you spend a lot of time for building and crafting, turns the combat part rather into a well-planned, timed siege/raid event, which I also like. You always can engage anyone you want of course, but there are consequences (alignment, diplomacy, etc.).I recommend the game, if you are patient, like city-building, crafting, role-playing and team-play in a nice environment. I have a guild on a server, where the admins are really nice, there are kingdoms with own territory, so diplomacy is very important, and some soft role-play. It feels so good, when you build your first house, then warehouse, stone walls, and slowly you realize, that you have built a decent town with your guild-mates, many of whom were strangers at the beginning, then eventually became your friends.There are some bugs sometimes (the number of these become fewer, because the developers are still improving the game - which you also can influence by adding own ideas on the official forums), and the servers could have more than 64 players, but besides of that, I enjoy the game."
,Recommended,290080,20207587,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Garry.K.Hossman,"Grind,grind,grind,grind,grind,grind..............love,love,love,love it. I've had more interactions on this game in 2 weeks than dayz in 2 years......Only for those of you who Deem themselves to be hard core. Not for the feighnthearted or the casual gamer.Get this game because Life is Feudal............and it's your own."
,Recommended,290080,20376771,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,n8nectar,"Pleasantly surprised with this game. It took a few tries on different servers but I found one that suits me quite well. However, servers are too often down or changing hosts, which can be frustrating. Either way, finding one that works for you is the first step to enjoying this game.2nd step:  be prepared for a slow beginning and a unusual learning curve. This game takes time. It is not something you can master instantly. You will need help getting started and probably need a few dummy characters in lame servers to explore with before settling in a good server and truely building your character.3rd:  never pay full price on anything on steam. they have specials all the time. buy this on sale like I did and you will definitely be happy.If this game and skyrim got together and had a baby, I'd be the happiest man alive. However, seperately these games are still solid. 8/10"
,Recommended,290080,20714997,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,SSG.Bell.K,"This game is.... very involving. There is definitely a large hump to get over before you are really getting into advanced mechanics. In the first week I bought the game, myself and 3 other freinds racked up 50 hours averaged in this game. It will pull you in, I do not doubt this. But pace yourself, dont get burned out"
76561198008044664,Recommended,290080,23424668,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,BoneSaw,Great game! Love the sanbox styled free for all! Only complaint is the combat! If only it had the mount and blade mechanics for melee instead of this cancerous weird slop. Hope the beta will bring about better combat. Til then it's a great place to get your role play on!
76561198055452136,Recommended,290080,23626831,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Tallamy,"If you have the ability to give away your life and soul, you'll have time to play this game.10/10, pretty sure I have roots growing out of my♥♥♥♥♥and into my chair."
,Recommended,290080,24077521,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Studly Adams,Played roughly 6 hours of this last night and I recommend it so far.
,Recommended,290080,27384406,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SilentKill,this game is awasome
76561198104151497,Recommended,290080,27498634,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mr. Frisky,"Best survival medievlal game.Nice job,can't wait for the MMO to come<3"
76561198055900100,Recommended,290080,31871978,Posted: 20 May,all,Kuro Avuli,"This is a great game. I have played for quite sometime, was waiting for the MMO version to be released...but I see they decided to make a different game, intead of following through with their plans and promises.   I will try the new gameone day, once its on sale.Please make the MMO version! :p"
,Recommended,290080,12165488,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Wildthorne,"So many of us dreaming about decent medieval ages MMORPG.... could this game be that dream? We will see - I support developers and great community is forming weeks before this release.Me only hope is that Russian developers will use all these money wisely and not spend everything on vodka :P Maybe this game at this stage doesn't worth 30 EUR, but supporting developers - totally worth it for something that could be The our medieval MMORPG game that we waits so long."
,Recommended,290080,12175862,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Gogin,"This game, is everything I could want and more. The survival aspects of Rust, the combat of Mount and Blade, the inventory style of Resident Evil, the Graphics of ARMA 2. Now, all of this is pure opinion based; but I feel as if this game has so much potential going for it. I would definitely recommend buying it."
,Recommended,290080,12269285,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Francis,"There are some people like me who love these games, but hate the fact that it always need internet to play.  so please, please could you make it so that people like me can play without needing internet?"
76561197984953336,Recommended,290080,12333999,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,deece16,"This game at current (Sep 3) is very playable and lots of fun. However, some of the tasks do feel very repetitive and grindish. But this is a very good game still. If you find it too grindish, you just find a new server to play on.  Figuring out how to do things and progress isn't too hard and most people are willing to help you along. There's not too much of the kill on sight people and if you find that and don't like it, agian, find a new server.I found that at some points the game flattens out and there isn't too much else that can be done. Though there are many hours of playing to get there.All in all, this is a great game for those who like realisim and town building. PvP isn't too big, yet, but it likely will get there. Worth the money now though!"
,Recommended,290080,12575451,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,greyoakglass,Fantasic!!
76561198030043138,Recommended,290080,14079776,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Queen of Marigold,"If you're like me, you're going to love this game. It's like Harvest Moon for grownups - you fish, mine, forage, chop down trees, build a home and farm. It's definitely grindy, and of course as early access there's a lot that either isn't implemented or doesn't work or is just a bit weird. I was surprised by how playable it was, though, and by how addicted I came to it: just gotta log on and tend to my flax plantation, check on those hides I have curing, make sure the livestock has food and isn't drowning in poop (this does tend to become an issue if you don't keep on top of it).If you're like my brother you'll be bored, especially with the current state of the game - it is repetitive, not especially dramatic or exciting, and jumping off the mountain doesn't kill you. You have to learn a chain of skills before you can do a lot of things - such as mining before you can actually smelt ore - and some of it can take quite a while. It also requires a degree of teamwork if you want to progress at anything other than a snail's pace.All in all I sincerely hope the development continues and the game does get a full, stable release - it's always a risk to buy something like this but I personally don't regret the purchase."
76561198123103076,Recommended,290080,12190417,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Epic.Gamer,Awsome i took a day to decide to buy this and watched many youtube videos on this and im so happy i did buy this and u do not have to play with others im playing on my own private server and more than happy and anyone can set it up very simple so take the plunge buy this if u like to craft in games
76561198052049242,Recommended,290080,14107783,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,competentleaf2,this game takes hours to do something haha :) but i would still recommend it though.
,Recommended,290080,14139161,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Exaemo,"It's like Ultima Online and Rust had a baby, and the baby has most of Ultima Online's genes.Don't play this alone."
,Recommended,290080,14711023,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,✯ Bubbles ✯,"This is a VERY, VERY good game....This is a realistic medieval game,it's a game with huge potential, it's still in development, but they have already done so much, if you get this game now, don't expect everything to be perfect (although a lot of it is)it's like an open world pvp, sandbox - You can build huts, castles, farms and things...You can train in multiple areas, like your combat skills for a 2h sword or you can get your foraging up ect, it's very good and the player base already is actually quite good :D8.5/10"
,Recommended,290080,14095273,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,TERMINATOR {LATIN},"This is indeed your second life!as the achievement said.I only played this game for a couple days as I have many games to play. But it is essentiallyBeautifulI love the quality and the feel you get to it, more of the gameplay is you need to get item B to get to item A.FULL COOPERATION NEEDED. You cant be Jack of All Trades in this game, you need friends. You just need them, You cant build a village alone neither can you craft all items alone, I recommend 3 friends. You being skilled in A the others in B and C. If you want you can run around and search for people to work for. Realism in this game is 8/10 many skills when I first play is useless but i think more updates and content will come. The Hours you need to complete a house, the help, and people needed! Its not like Minecraft or other survival game, you cant finish it under 10 hours you need like a full day even with friends for just a few items.Buy it? Yes. But needs help on the first few days"
,Recommended,290080,21907028,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,mechewah,Love the game...PvP is a blast.The MMO should be released soon and you will get a free character slot.
76561198007414857,Recommended,290080,12190327,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,timpotsuk,After 8 hours you learn to appreciate doing menial tasks around the house- if you are by yourself. find a bunch of interseted people and a fast skill climbing game (trust me you need it) then the game becomes interesting. small factions on the same map form and as a newcomer you are met with caution. Be a Twonk and you will probably be beaten down swiftly. Be a team player and you find a band of brothers )(and maybe sisters.....but unlikely).
76561197961079075,Recommended,290080,12312554,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Satan_Stoned,A Lot of potential. Medieval minecraft.
76561198091103208,Recommended,290080,12389675,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,1B-15-FirelFox,"This Game wow what can i say this game is really really sick you start with nothing and go from  nothing to some one of great importants or somone who is a ruthless killer.You Can Build,Geather,Stack,Fight,Chill or  talk with friends,or go Raiding  etc.Good Game No hacker problems  which makes this game  even more plesant to play."
76561198066938554,Recommended,290080,12558786,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Skillful Robot,Really Great Game but is funner when u play it with a friend
,Recommended,290080,12576274,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,shadewiz,"A good game with excellent mechanics that add real gravity and value to your actions.That said, it is riddled with broken♥♥♥♥♥♥ unimplemented♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥ admins, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ abusive admins, and lots of fun exploits."
76561198109723782,Recommended,290080,13609809,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,The_Prince_Of_Fails,"Life is Feudal... Life is Short, especially in the medieval times. Also in modern times too. Currently, as I am writing this I have about 8 hours logged. About Two of those eight hours are actually playing time.Rant aside, this game has super potential, and yes, I know, its in Alpha.What I will add to give the review some diffrence to other reviews is --Mentioning that whenever you play on a diffrent server you have to restart. From scratch. (Try and stay on the same server)-There is NO offline mode (the Mines of Moria have better internet than myself) so you can play without server crashing then re-logging and losing another half hour of your life)-Primitive weapons are useless. I used my primitive axe  (Made from a snapped tree branch, some plant fiber from the ground and a piece of flint picked up from a rocky patch)  to attack a Wild Grouse, as my charecter was on the verge of starvation  (I had eaten all 5 of my free cookies, and apples only add 5 to your hunger bar, and the ground roots, once you find them, your pretty much back to the hunger you started on)  So, axe in hand, i approached from behind, axed raise expecting a kill... WHAM!... it survived. And fluttered off and nestled a few yards away. It carried on squaking. I ran up again after letting it settle in.. Whack!! It ran again. Two hits with an axe and it still lives? Hopefully theres no Dragons here. As it took 15 hits to eventually slay the mighty Grouse of Fedual times. Each hit registering 1.5 damage - 2.5 for a head shot.Finally i skin my pray. Collect the one feather from it. Carry it to my nearby camp fire like its some heavy tree trunk. But wait.. i cant do anything with this object. WHY??? IM STARVING HERE!!! Are my skills to low? What have I done wrong??So i give up and gather more apples. Make a fishing rod.. and try to catch fish on an empty stomach. Where are the fish??? I fished for ten minuits... not a bite. More apples. Apples... Their driving me mad!!! Then.. You cant find any apple trees.. or have over harvested them.. So you revert to a dirt digger, looking for roots to eat. Its a negative frustrating cycle. Somewhat feudal.-When you meet someone new, they're likely new to the game too. They boast how they have made a primitive axe also. You made one half an hour ago. and thier bragging makes you want to show them your own axe up close to their face. Yet, you are a good patient person and give them a simple ""well done"" keeping your penalty bar neutral. (Penalty bar is a bar which kinda measures your deeds. Basically if it goes into the minus side, you will be a criminal and if you die, when you respawn itll make you loose more skill points than normal, so if you pray everyday, and be ""Nice"" youll be in the positive. Or stuck on neutral.)- Your new fround companions decide to build next to the large lake on the big island, or on the coast... you start logging trees. Not quiet sure what to do next.. plus you need to work on your construction skill, as you cna only build a furnace.. A furnace??? What use is that..??!! But wait, you gotta learn to walk before you can run. So to build a furnace, i need to collect water and clay and sticks... ok. I can find every thing, but cant pick up water?? ( I actually logged into another server and found a massive village - with no inhabitants. But there was a well. It would let me collect water and it had a container allready) so how do i get water??As you can see, this game frustrates, soome times makes no sense. The wiki for the game isnt the best. You watch online you-tube videos and most people who make them, you can hear the frustration in their voice aswell.But then again, thats part of the feudal life. You want to tame the wild beast. Make it your own.Id give this 6/10. I would love to see a single player version with NPC's, raids by NPC etc. Or at least with an allready established town, where you can go up to established carpenter workshops and ask for work etc.Anyway, ill still keep logging in, wasting my time looking at ""Conecting to server & Loading World"" screens, just to see if there is progress because like I said earlier the potential... its amense. (Even though that can be said about a lot of alphas/betas) So stay tuned folks."
76561197971020505,Recommended,290080,13707401,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Hydra Shaftoe,"Damn fine game, and im picky as hell when it comes to simulations. It's HARD, so be ready for a challenge."
,Recommended,290080,13790708,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Vigor,Please for the love of ♥♥♥♥ing christ lower the price on this game. Why as alpha testers are we required to pay full price for the very early early model of the game.  I personaly have atleast 5 friends who won't buy the damn game because it's 40 dollars. This game has the potentional to be amazing but the price point is driving half the god damn world away from it.
76561197978832149,Recommended,290080,14053991,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,flinteryk,"This game reminds me of a game called Wurm Online, i played that game for a looooong time and loved every minute of it, however this game has some downsides mass slow downs one general map and it takes forever to do anything what so ever. with that said i would still buy this game and play it a lot as i love these styles of games. i would give it a 6/10 currently"
,Recommended,290080,17437139,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Rahburry,SOoOOOOoo soOOooo Much potential! Why isnt this game getting more updates!?!?!?!??! It could be incredible!
,Recommended,290080,12280803,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,LeHippieMon3,The best game. And the best part is it will get better and better.
76561198048288145,Recommended,290080,12309583,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,YouStink,great game love it
76561198065064702,Recommended,290080,13181080,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,MaySa_Gum,This game is.....Great!!!i'm just say
76561198079929926,Recommended,290080,13940605,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,j|mmy,"Although it is still in early alpha, the more I play this game, the more I'm amazed by how complex it is and to be honest fairly polished in some concepts. I see a lot of people complaining about how pricey it is for this early stage, but I really believe these guys deserve funds for developing since this really is something different."
76561198060548998,Recommended,290080,20231372,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Peter pan,"I wrote a view before the gsme was released and now that i have played countless hours on the released versoin of this game, i must say that this game is fun, full of adventure, and brings people togather. now the game its self is amazing there are some things they need to work on but its nothing big just some small bugs that they have missed or are waiting to put out when the mmo comes out. i do not see any reason why some one would not buy this game if they have the chance. it is full of building a town to live in, surviving people and the world out side of your base. you count on other player to make things movie along quicker and easyer. this game is fun and a great time waster."
76561197999510196,Recommended,290080,21038381,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Cathair,"With a community of mature players filtered by a complex and time-consuming crafting system, dynamic political  intrigues between guilds inevitably develop.This is a medieval simulator.I've been a gamer for over 25 years, and this is the most addictive and epic game I've ever played.If you read a bad review, it's because they're either too young, too dumb, too impatient or haven't given it a fair shake. I have nearly 1,500 hours and counting.Anyway, I need to get back - the dry hides are probably done soaking and I need to pull the iron out the bloomery for the bear traps I'm gonna bury along the walls."
,Not Recommended,290080,25501534,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,SinaCutie,"Bland. Repetitive. Buggy. I thought it was still in Early Access, but apparently it isn't. It's that bad.This game feels like it lacks in all the ways. What an unfortunate problem for a game."
76561197975293087,Recommended,290080,34203294,Posted: 12 August,all,ExpendableMofo,"First off, I recommend this game, the concept is outstanding and when fully realized will be a great mmo down the road when it is done.Troubleshooting:If you are getting errors, with Visual Redist Pack 2015 trying to install and failing on launch, over and over, do the following:Uninstall VC Redist 2015 with Windows Programs in control panel. Run Windows Update several times until it says there are no more updates available. Reboot. Install VC Redist 2015 (I also installed an update to Redist 2015 after that) from the Microsoft site. Go into the _CommonRedist folder inside your Life is Feudal folder in steam/steamapps/common etc. Find the vcredist folder inside of that. Now go into each folder marked with a year, 2008, 2010, 2013, 2015 and any other and in each folder cut the installscript.vdf file out of those folders and place them somewhere else, renaming them if you so choose so they do not overwrite one another. Those scripts are what are running the install at every launch of the game. Since you already installed the latest VC Redist this script is unneccessary at game launch. This fixed my issues running on Win 8.1.  Basically if Win 8.1 is not fully updated the VC Redist 2015 will not work right or install properly or uninstall properly. I found this info hard to come by in a complete fashion and so I thought it important to share it here. I hope it helps someone."
,Recommended,290080,22608329,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Cataclysm315,"One hell of a game that has sucked more than 90 hours of my life into its grasp. 20 of those were in one session (MUST. KEEP. BUILDING) So, here's a brief summary of the good and the bad.Pros:- Hardcore, realistic game- Real time (ish) building- Very slow progression, making you feel like you earned every single thingCons:- Buggy at times, but its early access so don't let this sway you from buying- If you want to play at normal settings then you really need a friend. Things take a lot of time to build and level up- Not for the casual gamer (no really, don't buy this if you are expecting to build a house in ten minutes)Overall verdict for me is an 8/10 as it needs some work to bring it up to a finished quality game. I've yet to try multiplayer so i can't really include that in this review, but will likely update it once i have given that a go."
,Recommended,290080,12167999,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Abigor,singleplayer is kinda pointless due to fact way skill try line works u cant really do anything solo  and mutiplayer is more for clan and guild grouping who every plays for 24hrs aday and go around with gank squids but at same time it can be quiet fun too play
,Recommended,290080,12168932,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Shadow,"I was trying to build my house but a bunch of guys with daggers jumped me, so I hit them with my shovel.9.5/10"
76561198027959571,Recommended,290080,12275771,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Zombles,"This game is like masterbating, while your at it, it's good, but when your done you regret it. And then you do it again..."
,Recommended,290080,12324552,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,PUTIN,Game crashes a lot but still good fun
,Recommended,290080,12472118,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Memesiss,Totally worth. Yes its in alpha and has its issues but after only spending 1 hour in the game omg.It is better if you can find a friend or group to play with
,Recommended,290080,12505052,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Scrapps97,I like how the world is open for your own path.  Also it sets you back in the castle ages and with lots of people playing this game would be amazing.  I already really enjoy playing this and I believe it is well worth the 40 dollars.  I recommend to all sandbox enthusiasts.
,Recommended,290080,12506191,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Mordhaus,"Excellent mideval sim game. Love it. Incredable potential. Even though it just in alpha, it is easily worth twice the listed price of $40 on steam. Best money I have spent on a game in a long time."
,Recommended,290080,12753999,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Boss_Red_Scorpion,"If you like medieval times filled with weaponry and armors, battles, detailed crafting, building castles, rich skill system etc. this is the game worth spending $40 on :)"
76561198149204530,Recommended,290080,13019205,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Klavius Illuminati,"Im gonna make this a simple review and basically list pros and cons for players. and also pros and cons for GM.check out my server realitivly new its called: ~Heaven or Hell 24/7 New 11/17 NoWipe |Vilayer.com[This is a Grinding game]player pros and cons:Pros-1. early alpha so more stuff will continue to be added.2. good selection of armor and weapons to create3. multiple buildings and houses to build4. pvp combat against other players.5. buying the lif: YO will give you access to the LIF:MMO of 1 charector key6. the devs fixed alot of FPS problems and crashes in the last patch [thank god]7. great patches and updates. the rate of patches coming out is about 1 a month on average.the list for pros seems short but there is more in this alpha to keep you plenty busy and playing for hours and hours with out wanting to stop.Cons-1. early alpha so patches leads to flaws but the devs are quick to patch and respond2. not all clothing items are possible to make due to some animals not yet being implemented into the game.3. alot more weapons and armor choices would be nice people like options when it comes to apperal and weapons.4. only one race so everyone spawns as a bald white man, it would be nice to see other races and female charectors.5. no mouse sensitivity in the control settings. [this needs to be added please]6. no horses which they will be here soon but need to be made more of a priority.7. bows and xbows are broken and need major adjustment8. wolf is extremly over powered. i understand its the only aggresive animal but it should be not as strong.9. no bridges/drop down bridges or anyway to make a moat [ not a priority just hope to see]10. in game voice chat starts turned off and you have to go into audio settings and turn it on. (fix this)[these player cons are seen more to me as the major priority items that need to be worked on.]Onto the GM i will only be listing cons since all the other GM abilities are fine in my opinion:cons-1. GM needs a faster terraforming tool. [make it use the same size grid as the observe mode on terraforming but have a way to increase or decrease all of the squares at once]2. a GM should not be able to ban another GM. you removed the ban hammer from a GM from banning themselves but you should also remove the ban hammer on anyother GM logged in.3. when logged into GM all skills should be unlocked aswell as anything to build or use.4. GM shouldnt need tools to forge or anything else (you have it this way for terraforming and building but not forging)5. GM or server owner should be able to set a higher player stat max than 150/150the gm powers overall are great how they are these are just a few i think would be nice to have.Things with the map that i beleive need to be improved/added:1. something more than apple trees for food at first. something like bushes with berries, or vines with grapes on them.[basically a slightly easier or more realistic way to find food and survive at first]2. more animals. i know this is coming but it should be a high priority item.3. the map should be atleast double the size it is now. with servers having a population cap of 64 the map is too small simple as that.using a simple rating system with 10 being the best i will rate the game below-overall gameplay 9/10combat gameplay 7/10 (needs work)crafting and creating 10/10 (some of the best ive seen)survival gameplay 7/10 (needs more aggresive wildlife and a water meter to go with the food meter)weather 2/10 (would like to see changes such as rain, snow and day/night cycling needs work)graphics 7/10 (could use overall more detail and design to most items other than that pretty good)map 7/10 (nothing special but it is a nice terrain)This is a great game and i would recommend to anyone who enjoys mmorpg games. with the pvp and soon to be better pve this game gives you endless amounts of things to build, create, and do. Cant wait to see this game advance here in the future, as of now i would still say BUY this game because if your interested in the Lif:YO your going to want to play the MMO and buying this will get you 1 charector key for free for the MMO version. excellent developers working on this game with there great communication to the community and there hard work this will be an excellent finished product in the end and is a sure buy that you wont regret. [IF YOU DO NOT LIKE GRINDING GAMES THIS WILL NOT BE FOR YOU]Thank you for reading my review.(sorry for any incorrect grammer or incorrect spelling.)"
76561198032919572,Recommended,290080,13021122,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Isin Dule,"best sandbox ive played and best alpha, better then some betas and releases."
,Recommended,290080,13130272,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Patriot Eke,"If you are interested in fortifications and physical security, this game will be loved by you.  It reminds me of the Society for Creative Anachronism.  Have a favorite weapon or trade?  You can wield it and do it in Life is Feudal!"
76561198030960800,Recommended,290080,13177930,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Parmesanomancer,"This game is perfect for my taste with just a few small things I dislike.The crafting system is epic and so interwoven that you need to work with other players to be able to build and craft. I really like it.The combat is really fun although it needs some polishing and reworking of the combat skill trees (that's what an alpha is for, I know) and I can't say I've had this much fun in a game since I played mount and blade for the first time.The few bad things:It's not hard to survive, food is plentifull even if you've just started and animals are easily killed, even bears.Food doesn't go bad, so gather 10000 apples and you're set for a long while.No environmental effects. Like freezing to death in the cold, damp weather or drowning or fall damage.Overall it's a great game even though it is in alpha. 9/10 as it is."
,Recommended,290080,13834451,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Sky,"Recommended buy if you like to work really hard to accomplish a task. Don't buy if you are not looking forward to grinding. The game is one huge grind fest.  It is not a game meant to be played by yourself. The idea is to play with others and work with others in order to accomplish something huge. The crafting system so far is excellent. This game gears torwards realism. Things take time. To put things into perspective, lets take farming for example. On default settings, it takes about 6-8 hrs for the crops to be harvestable. The map is not randomly generated. It is however, a really large map. Also, there seems to be a floor level depth that you can mine past. I spent hrs locating a digging to find the iron vein just have it be not minable because of the maximum depth you can mine to. Save yourself time and only mine into hills."
76561198006686166,Recommended,290080,14126413,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,[CIR] bigsteve,"Loving this game So much, its like a Wurm 2.0.....Will play the MMO version when it comes out for sure,,,"
76561198037028680,Recommended,290080,14149584,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Baracas88,"First time I played, I was hooked. Very realistic, brutal, exacting game. For hard core players who want a sense of satisfaction and achievment when they look at their fort and see all their hard work has paid off. However, this game is still in Alpha so very much of it doesnt work and is not implemented. Myself and three other good friends all played while on Skype for a week straight. We built a small keep, which is a monumental task as far as gathering the resources and aquiring the skill to do so. But upon completion of the keep, we found that we couldnt claim it, so the Keep provided no security and we were robbed of all our hard earned resources constantly. We then decided to seek saftey by building large stone walls around our compound, but the gate we built could not be claimed....foiled again. All the while our resources, flax, leather, iron, char coal, weapons, rope and tools were being stolen faster then we could build and/or gather them. So we built a large warehouse. We could claim that...but it got hacked and all the stuff in it was stolen. Our merchant carts kept ...""walking away"" with other noob players helping them.... this game is a fantastic and engaging game. but its unplayable at the moment by hard core players....no one can expect to put any time in it if all their time keeps getting robbed. SO MUCH POTENTIAL THOUGH! Keep your eyes  on this one folks"
76561198059731201,Recommended,290080,14974495,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,FenrirRufus,"can be a complicated game to start with but stick with it, somethings like mining and forgeing are a long process but very rewarding when you get there, minor gripes only at moment which is good for an alpha, team seems good and respond quickly to any input you give regarding faults and glitches, definitley one to keep an eye on"
76561198038487991,Recommended,290080,23593917,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Fortyfivesouth,Well firstly this is my first game reveiw and i am only doing one because of the unjust review from people who have very little gameplay to write a ballance review for this game .True it take a lot of time to get anywhere and you have to do the team thing if you dont want to put in hours of work to get the place of your dreams but thats the amazing thing that keeps you hooked . The other thing I like about it because it takes so long to get anywhere you dont get the kiddy script game wreckers playing it. I have to say its one of the most polished indie games that was a early access game i have ever played with devs keeping up with regular updates and patches. So all said and done its a 10/10 for me and buy it and make your own mind up
,Recommended,290080,25426965,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,damianvincent,"This is one of the best games I've ever played. It's truly epic in scale and will require a ton of your time, however. You can't even begin to scratch the surface in just a few hours of game time. Notice everyone who doesn't give this game a positive rating, has like 1.3 hours in game. You cannot experience this game in that short a time. One of the main things I love about this game is the skill cap, there are a lot of area's to focus your character, but with the skill cap you won't be able to do learn and master every skill, so it forces people into factions and guilds where people can pool their talents and come together to form epic power centers, and that's what this game really requires. Once you have enough people together, you can create entire villages, and then castles, create armies, raid, pillage, go to war. Factions lay claim to territory, and I've even seen entire regions banding together, north v south, and battling for supremacy of a server.I can't stress enough how awesome this game is, but it is a time suck, it's a grind a lot of the time, but the rewards are immense.11/10"
76561198037443049,Recommended,290080,13774617,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Veanoid,10-10 game real fun with friends and all just sucks when you can't play for long
,Recommended,290080,25043802,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,ALI G,Good game with potential.
76561197972993207,Recommended,290080,12331587,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,XUJimmyMac,"ya this game is alpha, but its great fun."
76561198035930035,Recommended,290080,13047611,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Dr. Dong Strong,"It's alright. Be warned it takes a pretty nice PC to be able to run this game smoothly. Personally the new update to increase FPS didn't do much for me but I could see it being much more enjoyable if the lag was more managable. Still reccomendable, but keep in mind that you may run into issues with FPS drops."
76561198141453898,Recommended,290080,13816351,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,IXploded,"I really like the game and am addicted to it but i see a few problems:1) when clicking on water a red dot comes up, i don't know if it is meand to be there but it seems out of place2) when an animal dies in water you can't access its resources3) i recently made a heavy crossbow after spending 3 hours making 1 linen rope and not knowing i needed 2. i tried to craft it but it didn't work but the bad thing is, it took my rope for nothing.4) when the pic is mining, some of the noises are out of time.5) sometimes after sawing a log, the noises continue for ever.6) there is rarely, but sometimes, a weird long shadow either side of the player that follows him.7) `search for herbs' action repeats over and over again after you find them8) under `sow' there is an alchemist's outfit labeled as alchemist's TOOLKIT and it is confusing me9) Just before writing this, I tried to make a BAG, made it and got a SACK!!! it really confused me, but thanks for the free upgrade!!!Rating: 7/10"
76561197966532387,Recommended,290080,14972881,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,MisthaJones,"Best survival/crafting ive played so far. Lost of content, still more to come."
,Recommended,290080,15281270,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Nemx,"Fantastic Game, Once all the content and the servers can handle lots of players, this game will hold me for many hours, already clocked over 700h's in the pre-alpha stages of this game.The game is very grindy and to actually build anything half decent you need to invest a lot of hours farming for building materials, and have a god solid focused team to play with, really can't play this game solo."
,Recommended,290080,23140421,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Blyza vreecase.com,"É um bom jogo, leva o seu tempo, mas depois de se entender a mecanica e até viciante, mas se não se perder algum tempo a entender, nem vale a pena tentar jogar, leva muitas horas de jogo eheh comprem comprem :)"
,Recommended,290080,12472787,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Nymraith,"Well i was very optimistic about buying this game after looking at the OS needed to run it, (i use vista 32bit) after some research i could not find anything positive to help me figure out if any vista users other than 64 bit users got it running, as i'm somewhat of a problem solver and have a reconfigured vista os anyway i thought ""What the hell"", i'll get it anyway and figure someway to make it run if i hit that wall.Worked first time, no problems, and with only a 9600gt powering the graphics, all i had to do was tone down the resolution, and that fixed the fps drop, so i have all objects of every kind at max ..including grass, and can still play it perfectly even though its not yet optimized,The games a definite buy, especialy for those who like rp/crafting/building ... oh wait ..... TERRAFORMING! yup all lands can be raised and lowered, plowed and fertilized, pathed and stoned, got to go .. got a farm to build ....."
,Recommended,290080,17862460,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,polarbearking10,"This game is great for people who feel rewarded by their hard work rather than by awards and adolations in-game. It is quite in-depth and a good alternative to Wum Online if you don't like monthly fees or slave labor for benefactors. Do significant research before buying though, it is not a game for everyone... not even really a game for many.Also, if you plan on playing with the default rules come to grips with the fact that you will have to lose levels in some skills in order to gain more levels in a skill that you need. You may even need to re-level up a skill which you sacrificed levels in hours earlier. This is becaus there is a maximum number of levels that can be distributed to all of your skills and the level of your skill determines what actions you can take. This creates a web of skills which makes it difficult to survive alone. For instance: if you are trying to cook you need a pot. To make a pot you have to be level 60 in terraforming. To get the logs for the fire you have to be level ~60 in logging. Only then can you start to cook and level up your chef skills. But now you have taken up 120 of your ~640 total skill levels just to begin cooking and there are SO many more skills that you are likely interested in.My suggestion is to do one or both of two things: Make sure you have other players who are dedicated to the game and will play with you. They can keep skills up which you will totally ignore and do all of that kind of work for you and you can do the same for them. This emulates real life which I believe was the intention of the developers. OR you can play in a world where the total skill cap is higher. I wouldn't make it a ton higher because that would make the game more about grinding to max level and becoming a god instead of intelligently mastering your skills and developing a lifestyle.Overrall a fun game, you should just really know what you are getting into before you buy it."
,Recommended,290080,12181948,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Mike Le Watt,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JvKIWjnEPNY
76561198022182143,Recommended,290080,12195001,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Dennis,Buggy as hell but cant wait for them to fix it up.....   : D
76561197968672447,Recommended,290080,12240430,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Zigzagman,Love it!  A !@#$! load of fun! Build your kingdom today
,Recommended,290080,13074663,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Waffle,Awesome!
,Recommended,290080,13182089,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Maxwell'sSilverHammer,This game is addicting. Yes you will have to deal with bugs and crashes but it is slowly getting better and after all it is an alpha. Well worth the price ($40 when I bought it)
,Recommended,290080,13374388,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Control the Rage,This game is the bee's knees.
,Recommended,290080,14263808,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,TMac127,"This game is exactly what I have been looking for. Two things to make it absolutly perfect: Be able to control your own AI people (limited number of course, 1 or 2) and to be able to leave your server up so your friends can do stuff in it while you are gone ( I don't know if this is possible or not, I just know it would be great). This game is so addicting. There is a lot of watching tutorials and youtube videos, but the game is completely worth it. Completely. Best money I have ever spent on a game."
76561198071512105,Recommended,290080,23939672,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,IAK0290,Life is Feudal: Your Own truly is a Hardcore medieval experience.
,Recommended,290080,20417584,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,TheTruthIsGrey,"I highly recommend this game to anyone that loves a good survival game, the gameplay, the scenery and graphs are awesome, still a bit jenky at times but it more than makes up for that the rest of the time, definately a coop game as levelling and skills do actually require time to accomplish. its taken 50+ hours for myself and one other to get enough skill to craft an actual house and smith armour and weapons. i purely deal with nature like animals/hunting/herbs/trees and construction and my mate deals with horsetraining/smithing/tailoring/mining and terroforming.we need others to join our small RP server purely to help build our community and work together to survive, message myself or NemisisNytHawk to join our server!!!!!! JUST DOOO IIIIT"
76561198155556518,Not Recommended,290080,29178373,Posted: 11 January,all,Duang~,这是一个[/h1非常有特点]的生存/建造/工艺类别的游戏。有些人喜欢有些人不喜欢。[/h1非常多种类]的建筑和工具，可以钓鱼。但是采集资源的时候是读[/h1进度条进度条进度条进度条进度条！！！！！]这游戏和[/h1其他的妖艳贱货绝不相同]，一丝渲染也没有用，看起来大致相当于帝国时代画质。
,Recommended,290080,12230818,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,The Cake Wizard,"I just started playing again, I will write more about the game in the future.Combat is FIXED! You can block and its even more awesome than warband, its physics based and direction based! have to test archery and mounted combat too.Beats all MMOs even though it's just Alpha.The game reminds me of Star Wars Galaxies, you actually interact with people, talk to them on TS which imo is a major aspect which makes up an MMO (massively multiplayer..)The game beats minecraft in complexity, coming updates will probably allow complete house design too.No more stupid questing or ""you have to raid here every day and pay 15 $ to be decent"", you are the content, your friends are the content, your achievments are not ""kill 10 rats and return"", your achievements are villages, objects, social interactions and wars and diplomacy.The skill tree is diverse, you are not forced to do only one thing, you can do what you want, be what you want, support the team how you want and be a success your way.Fighting will when it's fixed be fast paced and skill based like in warband.I would support this Game, there have been enough trash mmos run by big companies sucking your money straight out of your pockets for nothing.What the game lacks in Alpha state: Server stability, some bugs, things are not implemented yet but updates come every 3 days...Also, the game is very time consuming, I would not recommend to play alone, you will be frustrated quickly if your house you took a day to build get's raided as soon as wars will start, allthough so far people avoid wars unlike DayZ or Rust."
76561198079501637,Not Recommended,290080,33980601,Posted: 2 August,all,Allu,Abandoned by the devs. Bitbox Ltd is a disgrace to the Steam community.
76561198002682997,Recommended,290080,12299839,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Bandit,"Where do I begin? This game is so ambitious, so complex that it's almost mindboggling. And yet, it's extremely addictive. The potential of this game is staggering. Deep crafting (and by deep I mean very very deep), and the building is very satisfying.There are a lot of youtube videos covering the various aspects of this game, so I won't go in to too much detail. I'll just say this; If you're into open world sandbox games with immensely deep crafting and building systems then look no further! This is the game for you.Highly recommended, even in alpha state. There are of course some bugs, but the game is overall in good shape. I see some people complain about the price, but for me this is a must-buy. Worth every penny.See you in game!"
,Recommended,290080,12682258,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Fox74,Life is Feudal has huge potential!
,Recommended,290080,12724888,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,a1varez,Slave Simulator
76561198025903260,Recommended,290080,12780786,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Eldurian,This game really knows what it needs in order to be fun. Even in the early alpha I find myself enjoying the time I spend in-game because the developers made wise decisions about what to focus on first.Also the terraforming in this game is second to none. I've never seen tile based terraforming done this well in any other title. It's both simple and powerful.
,Recommended,290080,12937659,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Havel,It's in alpha all your points are moot. V
,Recommended,290080,12944229,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,MrTaco0o,Why is it making me buy the game again??? I already BOUGHT it Wtf
,Recommended,290080,13096021,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,SiG_Sammus,"Looks like it could be a fantastic game.Perfect market for this kind of game at the moment.Price is a bit steep for an early access in my opinion, I wouldnt buy this if your going to play alone because it will take you an age to build much!Perfect for groups of players looking to test the waters of this great and innovative game!A+"
76561198145074209,Recommended,290080,13372278,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Gunner,"I used to love this game, but when i realise that games are dependant on the host for the server for us to stay in the game, it just killed it for me. If i am going to think about returning to this game i would like to see a general manager from steam put up a server that can be handled and will stay up otherwise all the hard work I and i will say others have put into their own work will be for nothing if they are with someone who has a server going who just decided to call it quits, this is a must to see happen or this is a waste of our money and our time.!"
,Recommended,290080,13518432,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Aurjay,"FINALLY! A game that I have been dreaming of for years! Like Wurm Online, but done right to the point where it's enjoyable, not like a 2nd job.  Even more fun when grouping with friends and working together to build and fight along side one another. The game is still in development and use being used to help develope their MMO version of the game later down the road.  There will be bugs, so do not expect it to be polished, but oh man is it a load of fun and great as it is at this moment."
,Recommended,290080,15113645,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,(128)Destra,"an extremly good game, a bit pricy for a early access, but... if u rember ul save 40$ and its worth its value, a very active team is working on the game, but back to the game, its a very good game on the fact you can basically adapt to your surroundings, join factions, make your own, roleplay, teamspeak3 is widly used, are server portagual/E.U kingdom wars has a tm and 3 factions if u buy the game, hit me up, we have a very large village soon will be a commerical trade area, this game is well worth it,"
,Recommended,290080,15139913,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Karmaniac,"There are a lot of negative reviews about this game but it is really fun. Once you get past the point of not knowing anything, the game gets significantly better.Pros- Unique crafting- epic base building- you get to own a castle- cool skills proggression- great teamwork abilitiesCons- lots of loading bars- tunneling takes to long- long server startup"
,Recommended,290080,18374253,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Manablight,Wurm Online with better graphics and less stuff to do.
76561198017283359,Recommended,290080,22437555,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Happy Warrior,like any game of this type it has its issues but it is in fact quite fun with a detailed crafting system and a in depth combat system this game can give hours of enjoyment
,Recommended,290080,12311674,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Frarmer Jawn,"AppleFruitAn apple is the pomaceous fruit of the apple tree, Malus domestica of the rose family. It is one of the most widely cultivated tree fruits, and the most widely known of the many members of genus Malus that are used by humans.Nutrition Facts:AppleAmount Per 1 medium (3"" dia) (182 g)Calories 95% Daily Value*Total Fat 0.3 g	0%Saturated fat 0.1 g	0%Polyunsaturated fat 0.1 gMonounsaturated fat 0 gCholesterol 0 mg	0%Sodium 2 mg	0%Potassium 195 mg	5%Total Carbohydrate 25 g	8%Dietary fiber 4.4 g	17%Sugar 19 gProtein 0.5 g	1%Vitamin A	1%	Vitamin C	14%Calcium	1%	Iron	1%Vitamin D	0%	Vitamin B-6	5%Vitamin B-12	0%	Magnesium	2%*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs."
76561197998588617,Recommended,290080,22304012,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,AoD,"Game is Futile:  You're BonedGame is actually progreessing downhill quite rapidly.  Every ""fix"" ruins more things.  It was more playable 9 months ago.  It is now ripe with crashing, invisible trees, promises made, and never delivered.  But all is well, they will use most of this broken game, which they are all but ignoring now, to make the next big disaster, Game is Futile:  MMO.I REALLY REALLY want to say I don't recommend it, but it is beautiful, and an awesome idea, it's really too bad that everyone with an awesome idea ALSO thinks they are good programmers.  This is DEFINATELY not the case here, cause well the programming team is lacking."
76561198016810612,Recommended,290080,24810760,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,The entire population of China,"GREAT GAME concept, a lot of thing to be built.As a Chinese gamer, i love this kind of games. but this kind of game is actually not popular in China. Yes we have some servers, but each server only have like 7-12 people..............Recently joined an UK server called The kingdoms of Dalerwen, wow, many people, much fun, so active.*doge face*The players there are mostly friendly, they would say hi when meeting another one, that's nice.Joined a settlement called 'Taproot Village', you are welcome to join us.In order to build our walls, I dig like 30K rocks per day, wow many rocks, much hardwork, so..........tired....................but it's fun.UPDATED ON AUG/24/2016JUST HEARD YOU GUYS ARE MAKING AN MMO. WOW.SAME GAME BUT WITH BIGGER OFFICIAL SERVER SO YOU CAN MAKE US PAY AGAIN? WOW"
,Recommended,290080,18649090,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,The Butt Diddler,Great game when you have hella time to kill
,Not Recommended,290080,25474593,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,STOOGEN,"Might be fun when they release the version not hosted and managed by the community. Servers are run by the community, rules are subject to change on a whim and it's not very fun."
,Recommended,290080,18748138,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,PigeonKicker,Spend 20 minutes looking at a bear chasing a guy on a horse. 10/10
76561197993288786,Recommended,290080,24239988,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Invest,You MUST find a good server with friendly people to play with or you will hate this game. Don't buy it if you want a singleplayer experience.
,Not Recommended,290080,29155389,Posted: 9 January,all,Reaper,"Played thinking, this has got to get better! Never did =("
,Not Recommended,290080,31927720,Posted: 23 May,all,Jamski,35min loading screen even after portforwarding still doesnt work after 2+ years after being released would not recommened wasting money on this game that doesnt work
76561198006698808,Recommended,290080,28195751,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,bznessman,"Sandbox games are my genre of choice and LiF:YO is one of my favorites.  While I do recommend this game understand that I do so with this advice:1)  Worth it if $20 USD or less.  It is still being developed.  The MMO is still in beta.  There is not enough content for most people that I would recommend the game if it was more expensive.2)  This is a slow, involved game.  By slow I mean that it will take several RL days to build most structures and some you will almost have to have help if you want to complete it.  And it is very involved.  Down to crops you grow, animals you raise, what industry you want to focus on (mining, carpentry, building, weaving, farming, etc), what weapon(s) you like to fight with - the game has depth.  At times, especially if you are playing solo, many of these things can become tedious tasks to take care of (such as cleaning the coop so animals don't die in their own feces) before you move on to things you want to do.3)  Watch youtube gameplay videos (look for more current ones).  I can talk about the gameplay, slowness, combat, and other aspects but the videos will do a far better job showing.I have had this game for a long time now and it is one of the better early access investments I've made.  The dev team is still plugging away at it, working on the MMO portion, supporting the player community, and trying changes to improve the game.  While the game will continue being tweaked and worked for months (years?) to come, it is very playable and can be quite enjoyable."
76561198007738270,Recommended,290080,12315837,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,DigDug74,"t has some bugs. But it's hours of fun. Don't play it alone, get a friend envolved and get to it."
76561198155863415,Recommended,290080,12856715,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,DeadmanLoki,This game has great potential... But every day it crashes and has to be reset causing the loss of data.I'm sure in the days to come this will be fixed and I look foward to that.
76561197996847949,Recommended,290080,12908973,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Frostyfeets,Still early acces but feels like this one is going to get far in the community of survival and building stuff :D
76561198127356940,Recommended,290080,14188800,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,$leret[H] / Talio[N] The Wise,"I like this game. You can do whatever you want! You are the only one, who choosing your skills. You are able to build your own city.Anyway if you want to enjoy this game with friends, you could create your own server with password. Soo that's great! :) This game is really good and I recommend this game. Life is feudal. :)"
76561198067749099,Recommended,290080,14788346,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,QuadRonious,"so i barely know how this game wqorks and im an hour and 3 drinks into this game, can you make a righteous good tutorial like in mincraft xbox edition (1 or 360)"
76561198050091087,Recommended,290080,19142157,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,QUAZ,"I've been playing this game since the release of the alpha version. While the dx9 alpha version certainly had its bugs, it was actually playable. I love the game and want it to work. Love the concept and it has a lot of potential. That being said, please wait a few patches as the full dx11 release currently is LOADED with bugs and I cannot recommend the game. Gameplay, Day1 release...https://youtu.be/LZXqzWB8vicEDIT: Less than a day after the release a hotfix was out and fixed all major bugs. The game is now running great and looks utterly amazing! I highly recommend the game now.It is definitely not a game for people who like simple and easy games. It can take a very long time to craft even the simplest of items. It can be a difficult and tedious game so for anyone who likes easy-mode games, stay away.The physics-based combat system is amazing. You really have to learn the range of your weapons. Being too close will do little to no damage.The crafting and building in this game is very in depth; Better than any building/crafting game I've played by far. Again, it may not be suitable for those who want eveything handed to them quickly and easily.This is a game definitely designed for co-op play. Playing solo is possible, but it will be a long hard road for you. Much better and easier with a group of friends.9/10"
76561198044122050,Recommended,290080,22753594,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,chicks99,Life is Feudal:YO is a great realistic game.It takes a lot of time to build something like a castle may take months.Trees take a few days to weeks to grow (In real life time).Crops takes half a day to grow.Takes back breaking labor to clear out a good flat ground.You also need to eat food.High quality/level food gives you a skill bonus so you can level up faster :D.Basicly you need a team for this game because of how realistic it is.Graphics: 7/10Gameplay: 10/10Realism:9.5/10Storyline:1/10This game is a Open-World pvp multiplayer game.Also has many good RP servers.There are occasional bugs but other than that great game.
,Recommended,290080,22857214,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,SimR,"I use to hate this game.I wished I never bought it,I wish it would have never existed.But now, the game has improved.I have yet to encounter any game breaking bugs, and I have enjoyed the general gameplay.In the last 2 weeks, i have done 29.6 hrs, out of 36.4 hrs. And i am about to play some more. I will edit this more, but if my play time doesnt point, then nothing will."
76561198064181927,Recommended,290080,12157575,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,BirryZzz,"Life is Feudal is a fascinating game, it has prospects to become very succesful in it's genre. It is not for me, i thought I did adequate homework befoer my purchase but I appear to have not. If the oppurtunity that I can get a refund is available would someone please help me with that transaction."
76561198012683304,Recommended,290080,22381238,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Junoberries,after playing this game for some time i found a good deal of the negative reviews to be bogus. this is a learning game with complex structure. the music at times is a little redundant and there are a few small items that id like to see improved on with the multiplayer but otherwise great !
76561198086333484,Recommended,290080,22450588,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Angel,"To start I want to say that I honestly feel that this is a good game and that people should buy it to support it.Firstlythe concept is amazing, an mmo set in medieval times where there are no pre-made buildings and no NPC enemy's, just you and the players with you, stuck on mammoth sized island thats covered in a forest filled thick with trees and a bounty of food. Now i will admit it, from the getgo this game is hard as hell, you'll spened hours doing things that range from chopping a mount everest amount of trees down to running arfter a boar with a makeshift knife, but it's really all in an attempt to make you feel that you are the person in the game, that you are this person stuck on an island in a medieval time period, where there are no complex tool and where a task (e.g. building a house) is somthing that takes days to do and stack load of skills to be already known. Now this is where I'll give you a tip, it is imperative that you play this game with other people, I'm not say that you need to get your friends to buy a copy because there are tons of people on servers to makes friends with, but you need someone else with you if you're ever going to get past having a stick hut and stone tools, and here's why. This game has a incredibly complex skill system, but to put it short every skill is esential for your survival, however there is the option that you can ""Master"" a skill such as smithing or alchemy and this has huge positive effect like allowing you to make new and special items, that in most cases will be rare because you'll have been the only person on a server to have spent time mastering that skill (Making you unique, somthing not many MMO games do). However doing so will decrease the amount of skill points you can use and as a result lower the amount of other skills you can have, this is why having a community or even just 2 or 3 friends is so important in this game, because you all need to devote yourself's and stick to a different skill in order for yourself and your friends to progress to something like a huge settlement, instead of you being by yourself spending hours apon hours and getting no were becuse playing that way was only ever surposed to get you so far in this game.Secondlyit's absolutly beautiful, this game has some of the best graphics that any game which has come from early access on steam has ever had, the water looks stunning and the forests actually look like forests, by which I mean there is more than just two grass and two tree models and that if you were to enter one you'd be waist high in grass completely covered in shadow by the thick conopy of the oak trees that suround you. Now the forests actually have alot more detail in them than I just described such as mushrooms, fungi on the trees and also a variation in plant type such as flowers and wild crops, all these things actually come together to make an incredibly immersive expirence in the forest and make you feel like you really could be in an norwegian forest. Now other than the enviroment the buildings in this game are so life like and historically accurate, the stone walls and gates have moss covering the lower part of the model, the stone chipped and rough and the wallway's looking warn from guards walking up and down them, the houses with thier walls made from daub (which is a matterial made form basically anything on the ground that they could throw together), have mud and marks on them and even the balconys have flora draping down them, this is all rendered beautifully in the games engine. However this is where the visuals become a hardware problem, if you're not running a rig with at least a high end i5 processor, 8GB of ram and a Navidia GeForce 970 with 4GB of memory or equivalent, you're only ever going to see the game in below high graphic settings and if you have ever seen the game in Low settings you'll know that it is truly unplayable. Of course the devs are trying to fix this by lowering the tessellation calculations of the trees and other models within the game, which may or may not increase your graphic settings from Low to Medium but even then the game is still not worth visually playing for many reasons. But of course if you're not in it for the beautiful scenic forests in full detail with bambi running by perfectly rendered in 4k and you're running a rig below the minimum standard, then you're nothingly like me and you should have no problem at all playing this game in Medium settings.To conclude, this game can immerse you into a fully realistic feeling medieval setting, where surviving is hard and cruel but can be mastered by you and your friends if you band together. It contains an immense amount content such as the skill system and can entertain for hundreds of hours, but dosen't just have to be about resource gathering if you don't want it to be (e.g. Banditry, RolePlaying, Becoming a role in a community). Apart from this the game is pleasing to the eye and make you really feel medieval while you run through it's player made city's and castles, looking at the beautiful detail that has been put into every aspect of it. But to sum all these point up I do recommend that people buy this game only if they enjoy this type of genre and also only if they can fully explore it's visuals with the appropriate hardware on hand, don't be disappointed if the visual aren't up to scratch because you can't run High settings, that's also your fault not just the developers."
76561198173297674,Recommended,290080,18174345,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,joelnl74,Good game
,Recommended,290080,12727609,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Proto394,"Love the Game so far and i like that a gaome with such potential is getting regular updates and fixes but single player is pretty rough be prepaired to spend a long time gathering resources. I would like to settings to tweek how fast tunnels get dug because ive litteraly worn an entire pickaxe to 0 durability and I didnt even make a dent in the ground which makes progressing your house, town, or equiptment impossible which really sucks because my computer cant pull a multiplayer world verywell without crashing the server a lot. but all in all this is a great game for people with smarter than average computers."
76561198020893778,Recommended,290080,22778572,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Mustafa,This game really shines with group
,Recommended,290080,33487357,Posted: 12 July,all,Kalimah,"Very in depth game especially the crafting system. This is NOT a solo game, well LiF:YO can be with server admin controls but the MMO will not be.  You will have to group up to actually get somewhere if you are not using the server admin commands etc in both YO and the MMO.The guild I was in had a Lord and he assigned who would do farming, breeding etc, so we could concentrate on those skills plus our fighting skills.  But as I stated before... GROUP UP!  I had a blast and met some cool peeps who I will follow into the MMO game."
76561198121102471,Recommended,290080,17174726,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,onikai311,Great game so far. It has more to offer in Alpha stage than many full releases. Can't wait to see what the developers have in store for us.
,Recommended,290080,12915877,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,G-20 Dice,"It is a bit hard to get used to and get the hang of things, but as soon as you start understanding the game more and more you start enjoying it very much. Also, it is good to take note that this game is still in its development phase, so many of the features in the game have not been fine tuned and not even added yet."
76561198007757679,Recommended,290080,12942565,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,LordRazor,very fun to play if you have a few guys to hang out with not just chilling by your self grinding on the tedious stuff all day but once you get to a sertian point you just take off.
,Recommended,290080,18761516,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Saketus,"If you are autist and you have too much time, this is the game for you! 10/10"
76561197979629536,Recommended,290080,19513537,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,iliveforgod347,The YO version is pretty fun but it would be much more fun with a large group of people you know on a server that you know will not get wiped.  I cant wait for the MMO version.
76561198101299954,Recommended,290080,19571507,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Deadlywarpig,"It is a very fun and time consuming game, a negative would be that you need so many different levels in different areas to be able to do certain things."
76561198024845688,Not Recommended,290080,28293476,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Gorban010,"Based on only a few evenings of playing Life is Feudal: Your Own, or LisF, I can start to see where it shines over similar games that I would prefer, but more importantly where it does not. For a sandbox game with 'realistic' crafting, Wurm Unlimited/Wurm Online have the same 'realistic' appeal but, if you start your attempts to make second-tier tools immediately, it takes days longer to accomplish in LisF. I did not see anything as innovative as 'improvement' on things you create neither, so the 'quality' listed on materials for new players just seem like random nunbers without meaning. Also, you start with nothing, akin to Rust or Ark, but almost anything you want to build you cannot even gather the materials for from right in front of you since you need to be a master in a skill in order to become proficient in another skill and only then does the option to collect some resources appear in a context menu under the right conditions. The graphics are better than some of the sandbox games I still like to play so that's nice, but it's still so much worse than other games with 'some' sandbox building mechanics like Fallout 4. I have only seen it in videos since the servers I've played on were just not that populated, but fighting seems a bit more skill-based than other sandbox games, which is good; however, if you want great skill-based fighting in a sandbox world with 'full loot', the original Darkfall Online was so much better (and it's back again in New Dawn and Rise of Agon remake games). Overall, I don't really find anything which is new or innovative about LisF to make it worth the gruelling slowness. I would only recommend this game to those who want to role play their characters and hate every other fantasy game solely because their avatar's outfits don't look realistic enough for them...if you also have something specifically against Mortal Online."
76561198042025839,Not Recommended,290080,32232664,Posted: 6 June,all,D4m4g3d,"Loved this game for a while and ended up putting in over 500 hours on it. With that being said i have to admit that i have major dissapointments with the game and its slow, seemingly infinit, progession into a full game.  I got the game in Sep 2014 and since that time not much has changed.  The MMO still has not come out and isnt expected to come out any time soon."
,Recommended,290080,12913281,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,CBV_Bad_Larry,"taking into regards that this is an early alpha this is a good game. the crafting and skill system is extremely diverse and as far as i can tell everything is projected accuratly for the midevil era.the downside is mainly numerous bugs, but that is to be expected in an early alpha game. there is also no way to adjust the 'fullness' gained by food, resulting in a constant near starvation state in singleplayer which was the main turnoff for me."
76561198069497220,Recommended,290080,13216179,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,COON BOY,good but very hard and grindey9/10
,Recommended,290080,22759786,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Basih,Best role playing game so far. Extremely fun building a town and interact with other players
76561198028679594,Recommended,290080,12156013,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Heldrum,"Just downloaded, this looks amazing. I went through the character creation. I would suggest placing tool tips on what all the skills affect. Also it was unclear as to how many skill / attribute points I was allowed to allocate. But those are minor ""complaints"". I entered the game and was staring at a lake in 1st person perspective, and there was a cross-hair on the center of the screen.So, I'll give it another go :)"
76561198027010072,Recommended,290080,19569585,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Barbalbero,"The best sandbox multiplayer currently, with an impressive potential, i hope the devs keep working on it."
,Recommended,290080,28142936,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Obshion,Highly recommended game.
,Recommended,290080,13195002,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,65y_Pfc_SaltPetre,a bit laborious making things . takes a long time to gather stuff and develop skills but it is absorbing in teh deatil of the game. wish i  had got it earlier...
76561197969243716,Recommended,290080,13577382,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Internecinum,Character creation has no customization for gender or appearance yet.
,Recommended,290080,22898017,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Drowsy,"I was a bit uncertain when I was deciding whether or not to buy this game. I saw there were some mixed reviews and some confused gameplay videos, however I'm glad I did, and this has been a very rewarding experience. Below I elaborate on but a few positive and negative aspects of Life Is feudal, I hope this helps you get an idea of how it plays.Pros:-Firstly, I love the medieval setting, the world looks great and it seems that the devs and really aiming for realism in the game design. The graphics are not as great as say, GTA V, but they are good enough to craft a very emmersive environment for the player.-The crafting system is VERY in depth and rewarding. You don't just find an iron colored rock and throw it into the asociated machine, you must prospect 'till you find signs of that mineral, dig around till you locate a vein underground, wait for the furnace to get hot enough to melt the ore, turn it into bars or ingots, then combine those with other raw materials to craft a variety of weapons, armor, tools and trinkets. Now I know this sounds daunting, and it can be, but because of that it feels oh so rewarding to craft something even as simple as your basic sword.-The skill system is also well constructed. For nearly every action that can be performed there is an asociated skill that must be leveled in order to become more proficient, there are many RPG games with these elements, but where Life Is Feudal differs is that there is a set skill cap that varies from server to server, but essentially means that no one person can do everything. You MUST work with other players and friends if you want to accomplish anything meaningful in the world, which makes a great addition to the game and provides even more immersion into the world.-Combat in Life is Feudal does have its issues, but overall i'm pleased with it. It's not like an MMO where you stand in one spot hitting hotkeys to launch different spells or attacks at your foes, it is based on contextual swings, combos, and weapon proficiency. Aim right as you click to swing that way, up to stab, and so on, meaning that combat is an active task, requiring the player to pay attention to his opponent and surroundings. In addition, you must ACTUALLY hit the  player or beast with the sharp end of your weapon to deal any damage. This may sound obvious, but in fact many games do not take this into account so strictly.-Due to the nature of the game, many servers gravitate towards roleplaying, to varying degrees. I feel this adds wonderful possibilities and immersion as meeting other players becomes both tense and exciting, leaving me uncertain whether I will end up in a forced labor camp, or with a new trade partner and ally. This is certainly the best way to play the game and I highly recommend you try it out. There are of course servers that aren't RP based if that's more your speed.Cons:-Though the game has come quite far since it was first released, there are still issues with optimization. Some low end PCs may have trouble running the game at higher settings. Though I experience a steady 50-60 FPS at a pleasant medium setting with my mid-range PC.-Crashes are still a bit too frequent in my opinion. I don't feel they are game-breaking, but they can be quite annoying. On average, I'd estimate I get a crash every 4 or 5 hours, be it runetime errors, game glitches, or a crash of the server itself.-I feel that the current price of $40 is a bit too much given some of the flaws still present in the game. Although I still greatly enjoy playing despite them, a lower price could help to ease the annoyance of it. I say this not based on the quality of the gameplay or core mechanics, but because of crashes and glitches. If you see it in a Steam sale, pick it up for sure.In conclusion, even though Life Is Feudal does have its issues, I still believe it's a good buy, and a great time. Boot it up and delve into the medieval era, carefully craft your gear, painstakingly construct your castle, and ruthlessly eliminate your foes."
76561198084152131,Not Recommended,290080,34020846,Posted: 4 August,all,J.Glenn,"Trash game, abandoned.  DO NOT BUY ANY OF THEIR GAMES EVER"
76561198100632025,Recommended,290080,13128495,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,ATCHAFALAYA HATAK,This is a fun game but I feel the animal AI is very basic as well as I hate the running restriction when you are in combat mode.
,Recommended,290080,23983306,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Jathey,"The fact that this game has mixed reviews says more about the people writing the reviews than the game itself. This game is a concept that you have to buy into to properly enjoy it and once you do it can be the most fun, rewarding and challenging game you can play. if you come into this game with a history exclusively of playing CoD and your prerequisite of fun is immediately gaining the title of super-army-soldier-squad-leader-fighter-man where the learning curve last less time than losing your virginity...you probably won't be a fan. Two main complaints I have read are excessive grinding and abusive server GMs. Again, this game is a concept you have to buy in to. If you were one man trying to build a huge keep, it would take you a long time, so yes, going alone in CoD mode #killstreak #lonewolf is going to get very tedious, especially if you have a low attention span. There are options to deal with this, play with friends, or join a collective of players on any of the many volunteer run servers with real RP elements. Which moves to the next complaint, abusive GM's. it's been sad to see how many people I have seen go onto servers (run by volunteers), get kicked for behaving like spoilt children when they break server rules and then come on steam and give the game a bad review, like it's the game devs fault that they couldn't muster the mental wherewithal to do or say anything amounting the more than ""lol xd i burn ur howse"" and then throwing themselves into the sea in a state of perpetual confusion. Felt a bit like a rant, but it annoys me because this game does deserve a higher positivity in it's reviews. Hats off to the dev team.tl;dr: Great game, for slightly more discerning gamers. patience and imagination required."
,Recommended,290080,24009850,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Rollen Nolen,"Current State:-Open World = Great-Sandbox = Wonderful-Medieval Stuffs = Makes me cry with joy-Complex Crafting = Flashback to better place-Progress Bars for every action = absolutely ruins the game, I understand that its not supposed to be easy, but it isn't worth the justification. Progress bars can wait for the final product, let me keep my day job please. Return to Sender...Future State:-MMO = Glory-No GM's = Goodbye abusive care bares, you don't control my terminator RP-FTP model = understandable-Progress Bars = less of them, or at least for the love of god, give me one action without them, even punching has one, you just cant see itWould play when mmo version is released to justify ftp model, I will give you money to make the progress bar go away.Return to Send 7/10Woud buy again for Future Unemployment 8/10"
76561198044402912,Recommended,290080,12974328,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Stephen Paddock,"-Early access review-This game is super realistic...Focuses Largely on teamwork, Takes a few dozen hours just to create a basic mud hut by yourself. Giveing you an idea how hard it was to live back in the feudal era, and the importance of living with a organized group.For being in early access, It has so much content, you cannot possibly get through it all. Its too slow paced for me, so I will wait for some added features that will make the game more appealing for solo players who just like to survive.Pros: 1.This is the closest thing you will get to a mutiplayer/realism medieval simulator. (Aside from Kingdom Come:Diliverance that is more single player and much much better looking)2. buildings are beautiful, for such a large world with lots of content and with a big enough group of friends anything is possible starting as a bunch of mud hut savages who kill people on sight to building a wall to keep up other savages, and then thriving as a huge kingdom who still kill people on sight but with more deadly weapons and fully tanked out armor.3. Loads of content...for being in a alpha stage...it feels more like a beta, best part is they are adding more.even though I am taking a long break from the game.Cons: 1.You need a group to surivive or have any fun with it, your best chance is to wander around like a naked pleb and find a group. To know if they are friendly, make sure you have the mic setup...or people will kill you on sight for not communicating since banditry/stealing/murder is very common and penalties for doing so are spirit breaking.2. Its a very time consuming game. This is a double edged sword *no pun inteded* I find myself in the middle with this, If the game could make it exciting from the start to the end game as well, I would be putting much more time into the game. But leveling and many of the RPG elements are useless if you find yourself constantly starving searching for food (this is why you need lots, and lots, and lots, of peasants to farm for you- thus teamwork is the cornerstone of survival)3. Make sure you are on a server with good ping, this is obvious...Don't be that BR guy that joins a Canada server/US server with 300+ ping...you will get rekt unlike most shooters where its the otherway around. Also communcation is delayed on high ping servers for you, so having crisp ping pong conversations makes the game much more enjoyable...as well not watching people rubber band..I recommend this game because the concept is very good, Its worth keeping an eye on and see this becoming a very successful game even if its for a nitchy group of people -like myself-"
76561198149634279,Recommended,290080,22560218,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,(NM)jakmalo,"Fun game, but the keybinding is a little weird at first, you will get used to it eventualy but you can always just re bind the keys!"
76561198042730647,Recommended,290080,13337167,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,ƒlem,This Game is great. Indepth crafting system. Teamwork is the backbone to the game. Forcing you to work as a team. but there are some servers that u can have a solo play style.idk for how long but if u purchase this game you will also recieve a character slot once they open the mmo. so for the steep price you recieve 2 games not to shabby.oh hey they reciently when onsale for %40 off. take advantage of that deal i believe this game has a hugh fututre.
76561198087300945,Recommended,290080,12181276,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Sharkey,I lead a cult of crazed moose worshipping tribal men.Best game ever.
,Recommended,290080,13593684,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,BEST4GAMERS,Awsome game ! recomended to all ! visit our game server -http://lifeisfeudal.co.nr/for more onfo :)
,Recommended,290080,12159109,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,[PRKL] Theero,"Spent 15 minutes to catch a single fish, only to lose it while cooking it for lacking some mysterious tool. 10/10, would give GOTY."
,Recommended,290080,14993279,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Jirex502,This game is one of the best games iv ever played
76561198016583220,Recommended,290080,22494488,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,PRÆDIRUS,"Amazingly detailed medieval sandbox, but insanely addictive!"
76561198098629004,Recommended,290080,25917964,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Sons of Kitt,"Best value for money. Very addictive and fun.I paid like $40 dollars, played for like 900+ hours so far.Thats like 4cents per every hour so far.Cant wait for the MMO10/10"
,Recommended,290080,14746593,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Stussen,Ridiculously hard game and you need to spend tons of time on it but all worth. Really fun and cool game. Next generation minecraft. 10/10
76561198043593309,Recommended,290080,28415581,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,xRockWallx,Awesome medieval roleplay and group game. Highly recommend
76561198056293338,Recommended,290080,22867298,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Shady Killer,I've really enjoyed this game so far. The biggest appeal it has to me is the realisim and freedom. Many people complain about the time sink but for me I really didn't notice it. It makes small accomplishments more rewarding.Some things that I'd like to see improved:* I don't like how the different servers all can have a different amount of time to complete tasks. I'd like to see standardization across servers.*On a personal level I don't like the idea of level capps on some servers forcing you to rely on other players in the game. This could just be my play style but relying on other players to assist takes away from the accomplishment I feel when completing a project.
,Recommended,290080,13236062,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Dagi,a Real SANDBOX! for real MMO players.
,Recommended,290080,12519930,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,I Hack For Noobs,AWESOME GAME CANT WAIT FOR IT TO BE OUT OF ALPHA STAGE!!!
,Not Recommended,290080,26449883,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,KillaPanzer,After playing as many hours as I have on this game between my own servers and public ones... this is one of the few games that I regret purchasing. Where to start? The combat is very lacking. The game mechanics are buggy. The leveling progression is grindy and so time consuming as if a mobile app game for phones. The controls are not adjustable. Very few mods exist that improve the overall feel and play. Plenty of bugs and graphical issues if you want to play it on the ultra settings (playing on an 8-core CPU w/ 970GTX yields crap). The music never changes. The learning curve is pretty harsh for any new players or any new player to a server. Good luck getting anywhere on your own if you decide to solo it. I do not recommend this game. Pass on it and look elsewhere.
76561198022025031,Not Recommended,290080,24337858,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Kenoe,"If you want a game full of bugs, no dev team working on it, and a scam artist of a company, then this game is for you. If you are an informed player and do any research or reviews on games before you buy, then I strongly urge you to pump your breaks on this game.I bought this game with no thought because lots of friends were playing it at the time. The concept seemed fun and amazing and the building system and mechanics for a new player were interesting. Once you put in an hour or so, you start to notice problems right away. These problems don't go away and become only more extreme as you keep playing. Numerous bugs from getting perma stuck, buildings not working, horse getting stuck on a rock, building working but then you can't gather your resources from it; and to top this all off, not a single dev gives two ♥♥♥♥♥ about fixing anything. I've looked back at people playing this game from 2014 and these same bugs are still in the game. I've learned this company has moved on to work on another version of the game (MMO) when they haven’t even polished this turd. What respectable and informed gamer would move from one piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥by the same company to another piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I don’t know. But more importantly, what kind of developer does this to what I can only see as a fan-base of loyal customers and testers, to only take their money and♥♥♥♥♥♥out this product. Companies such as this are a reason many people fear to back any games or buy any games in development, just so the team can pocket the money and move on.Either way my rant is over. The game is fun, but I would not recommend it due to many short comings. The Cons outweigh the Pros.DO NOT BUY!"
76561198100998817,Recommended,290080,19142337,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,MoonLightDC,"I think it's one of the best games ever made. It's a game where you need friends for to play though, soloing in this game is close to impossible.There are so many possibilities in this game, that it's just awesome. You have to take time to play the game though, and don't expect to have a whole village within a week. Crafting, logging, building, everything takes time, and a lot. You're fast if you manage to create a small shack within your first day playing (if you don't have any experience and you don't use tutorials). But if you're experienced, even then it would take about 4-8 hours to create it.Other than that, if you're planning on buying this game, make sure u have friends who are buying it to, cause I know most dislikes on this game are just because people try to play this solo, and that's just way to hard in this game."
76561198055912612,Recommended,290080,12385517,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Mac,Got evicted from my home by a wolf. 10/10
76561198051245395,Recommended,290080,12437026,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Wenuk,"This game is coming togeather fast. Still in alpha tho so dont expect a polished version for a couple more months now.Otherwise this is a very good alpha and the future looks bright for LIF.If you like games like Rust,MortalOnline,Salem,Dont Starve, or even Minecraft this game fits into that Niche area with a full lootdrop open world sandbox terra forming medevial mmo... and a similar combat system to Mount and Blade.With a bit of support this game could be what we have all been waiting for."
,Recommended,290080,23737490,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Mr Brass,One of the best Middel Age survival games i ever played !
,Not Recommended,290080,12849455,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Holly King,"The trailers look really great for this game, but its really not fun in any way.  Expect to be wandering around barefoot in the dirt rummaging for sticks and rocks for the first hour.  After that, I completely lost interest.  The crafting system and UI are very clunky and unintuitive, and there really isn't a way to figure the game out short of googling mid-game for crafting recipes.  I didn't try combat at all, or village management, or even build a house.  I made a couple tools, chopped down a couple trees, stacked the logs kinda near one another, and was too exhausted after that to try and have fun.Over all I'm done with it and will be uninstalling this garbage.  If Steam had a way to petition for a refund, I would be pursuiting that right now."
,Recommended,290080,13093000,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Riches,"Spawned naked, put my rags on... ran for about 2 hours, collected twigs, got attacked by a wolf, survived, flattened ground for 3 hours, couldn't build a house, instead built a stick fence10/10 best game ever"
76561198032678851,Not Recommended,290080,14303729,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Bryjan,"Life is Fuedal is unique game that is sort of a hybrid of Minecraft and Mount&Blade. Scavenge, craft tools,fires, forges, armor, weapons, farm, hunt, mine, battle, build houses, and fortresses, and level up in the expansive and interesting skill progessive system. The game has plenty to do and is very entertaining, if a little slow paced.This game would be one of my favorites of all time, if it wasnt for one thing; you rarely can get it working. You have to host your own server in order to play just by yourself. To get that working it requires most computers to download another program. Then if you get it working, wait about 10 minutes for the game to load(or wait all that time for it to tell you the local server can't be accessed, and doesnt work), and play for hours as you get immersed in the truely great game and have to go to sleep before the sun rises, so you then have to exit. Once you leave you can almost never get back to that server again and have to create your own world again. I've looked through many forums, and threads, and there are a few extremely compliated ways, submitted by users, that you may be able to fix it through downloading other programs and the command prompt. Even then the fixes don't help everyone. This has been a problem since a couple of days after I got the game, and even though multiple patches have gone through none has focused on this crippling problem.The game it's self is well worth the price, but the inability to actually play properly ruins it. Don't get this game unless your a computer and command prompt wiz. It's a shame such a great game is unavailble to many people who have already purchased this game. Until this problem has been actually addressed and fixed don't buy it."
76561198056947604,Recommended,290080,25011448,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,swortza,-Spawned-Went for a walk into a forested area.-Found a crate with some loot.-Made and equiped a shovel-Started Terraforming-A funny looking fellow aproached me and told me to leaveas i was too close to his land.-Killed funny looking fellow with shovel.-Was setapon and killed by 5 funny looking fellows from his clan.-Would Die again and again and again defending my dirt.- 10/10
76561198026596701,Recommended,290080,21000502,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Emlyn,"I must admit when I first got this game I hated it...considered returning it even. However once I learnt the controls and all the things that I could do with it, I love it. The grind is long but it allows good role play. My only issue are with the VOIP glitches but there are fixes. I would really reccomend this game if you like to invest time and really get drawn into Role Play and Community 8/10 <3"
76561198086560642,Recommended,290080,16690862,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Confusing Zark,"this game is not for everyone. it is slow and  very grindy. HOWEVER if you have patience and a group of friends or find a good community then this game is amazing, it is desgined to be played in a group. you build towns, cities and kingdoms by your own hands this game and eventually war.now is this game perfect or great? no it is good there are numorus bugs and glitches that can be found and some people have trouble logging in, but the potential is there as well a lot of content with the devs keeping intouch with the community with frequent updates. this is not rok. the game is slow, but if you can get past that it is great fun and rewarding. i recommend getting it when it is on sale."
76561198116492961,Recommended,290080,16191640,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Tarfun,"This game is one which i truly appreciate for the unique value one can find within. Rather than run about, chop down a tree and build a house before nightfall, it is set so there is a LOT of stuff you have to do before. This kind of gameplay is often overlooked in favour of a more minecraftian style, which is a shame really.Granted i have yet to scratch the surface of what to do, but already i love the idea, and the community. There is less an aspect of Rust, and more  just generally help one another.Basically i can't say what hasn't already been said, It's a great game and WELL worth a buy!"
,Recommended,290080,12403858,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,PointxFive,"I've spent lastnight and today trying to get this to givem e a reasonable amount of FPS, but at its current state their is no optimization for my set of hardware which meets requirement, however I'm sure the game will be fantastic when I can actually play.-Edit-So, the game got optimized, and it runs great, haven't had time to play it extensively at all, but the fact the game was optimized gives it a thumbs up for dev support. Will update my review, as soon as I actually play the game more."
,Recommended,290080,14472019,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Cuck Norris,"If you have no life in real life and wish to live in a video game, then buy this game.10/10... Would not live in real life again."
,Recommended,290080,13614686,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Revan,"Holy hell. This game is byfar one of the greatest games in my library. It's similar to Wurm Online, but better. It's a sandbox, but one that will devour your life, and the MMO version of it isn't even out yet. The learning curve is steep, and the people aren't that bad. It's still got some bugs, and definitely some FPS optimization to be done, but it's 100% worth getting even in the Early Access Phase."
,Recommended,290080,13938710,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Yohi Mitsu,"Ate a apple, accidentally gave a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ while another player watched10/10 GOTY"
76561198248913024,Not Recommended,290080,18440636,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Hawk,"I like the game, but I was hoping to have a lot more things in it already implemented: Able to wash yourself, Able to sleep on ground, Able to look around if you are sitting, Able to use or interact with furniture properly, Able to see myself naked, and have under garments, and for those who just dont get the Sexual side of it a button they can click to not see it, Have sex if I want to, not saying to go all out in that department but a few actions be nice, The chance of having modern buildings too, updating what you build so its not all dark and dringy... Not having to take so long in doing tasks that have nothing to do with what you wanted to do in order to get your skills up? eg: If I want to chop wood, I should not have to use other skills and raise them up to be able to chop wood!Other than these things I think its a nice place and has realistic potential! I brought it because I love to Role play and thought in this enviroment I could do that, but unfortunately people just want you to work your butt off for them, and dont have the time to do anything else!  Then they are scared of the JH and like freak out because someone wants to take over their home/land or use them for supplies. So I guess im trying to say if its supposed to be realistic, then dont hold back, we are not children, well im not and I dont want to be treated like one, I want to be free to experience everything in this world good or bad, but mostly good LOL, Jk... but I want to have the choice to be a good girl or a bad one and take my chances this way please!"
,Recommended,290080,33457563,Posted: 11 July,all,Sir Winston Bumhole,This game is not easy.Its a rough learning curve.10/10
,Recommended,290080,33466701,Posted: 11 July,all,dumpstering,"H A R D C O R EDYING SUCKSBuilding things take a long time, much like IRL.  Flattening the earth with a shovel prior to building takes a long time.Finding enough food, white barefoot in a lonely forest with just a shovel you made from a stick, is hard.I'm really enjoying this game."
,Recommended,290080,15294027,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Nafti,"9/10Be wary before purchasing this game.  It is not complete, and if you aren't the patient type of gamer, you might not enjoy it.  However, if you enjoy putting effort into what you do, and being proud of every little thing you complete, this is the game for you.  When my friends and I finally completed a Large Keep, (The hardest building to complete in the game), everyone on the server came to look at it."
,Not Recommended,290080,31435753,Posted: 29 April,all,Arcanith Lionheart,"From my experience people play this expecting a Single Player experience, to them I tell you this. Don't. Go play Skyrim instead or Breath of the Wild, because this does NOT give you a single player experience, nothing to fight asides animals, and even then combat here is clunky.Where this game shines the best is in a server with people, where you can trade, pve, pvp, roleplay, working together in order to build up a town. There are servers that prefer the ""Do everything"" approach by letting the skill cap go to 3000 or something, which breaks the whole sense of working together since everybody prefers to do their own thing.And yes, this IS a time consuming game, you need to invest time to improve your character into what you want to do.I loved this game during development, made me so hyped seeing graphics improve and seeing the developers work on it. However, with every good thing comes a bad thing to it. So here is what I got to say about this for playing the past few weeks before this post:Pros:Graphics look really nice and runs incredibly well on my pc, mainly on the buildings and the enviroment.A skill tree that explains a bit of what you can do at certain points of the skill which immediatly should let you know how to level it up.Can bring people together very easily to build a town or even a fortress.Although time consuming, it is what the devs wanted with this game, time and patience, because let's face it, that castle isn't going to build in a day.Close to real in Some aspects. Carrying a big log weights you down massively, keeping you from running, carrying too much on your bag also makes you heavy and slows you down massively, and some other aspects.Cons:This game is NOT for Every one, you will not get action on the very start, instead you will be grinding with your group to build up a camp and, depending on the server, you get your action.Despite being a ""finished"" game, it still feels like its being developed. Horse Combat is still glitchy to this day as well as even riding the horse anywere that is not flat, there is no Mounted Archery, blows sometimes don't hit the target even though you see the blade touching the opponent (A big example is when hunting a deer.) and track animals sometimes don't show on the ground but on you if you walk on the right direction.Oh and horses still cannot pull carts.Nice graphics and all but if you terraform a large area with your friends, depending on the type of ground you get you will have a big mess of terrain, either a dark brown area from forest soil or literally a Farm with fertile soil, because for some odd reason you no longer need to plow fertile soil if you pick it up and then just dump it on the ground.No grass regrowth or ways for players to make it happen.Plants will clip through the buildings, so if you build a shack on a lovely terraformed area that happens to have a bush or two on it, expect it to be clipping through the floor.Wiki SEVERELLY out of dateAnimal pathing sometimes gets them stuck on trees or terrain, making them easy targets.Despite promising owners of this game a free beta access to the MMO they decided to flat out change it to a discount, I could understand that to the finished MMO, but for Beta access? If they are doing that at least just put more heart into this one first.Strange skill requirements to craft some things, like Simple Clothing or even a Sign PostLacking in item variety when it comes to clothing and equipment.Armor does not look good in some sets, mostly the Heavy and Royal counterpartsArmor is tied to the combat skill, only archers wear leather, only Berserkers? wear plate and only the skill tree of Footman can wear shields. It brings me the question why the hell archers need a full face helmet that blocks vision when they rely on vision in the first place. I am fairly certain Knights should be able to wear shields tooLimited character creation, only samples One voice line so that ingame you discover that the voices are not that goodLacking in emotes and DECENT voice lines, I don't want my character to just say ""You made me laugh"" when he is supposed to actually laugh or even the best one ""You frightened me"" with such a calm tone.Gosh, with these many Cons, why do I still pick this game? Because it is one of the few games that emphazises on reality and brings people together to build up a town, trade or fight, and I heard the developers are Still working through the game, but they already decided it was finished, which was a huge mistake from their part since it is nowere close to that. If another game pops up similar to this one and more polished I will definitely give it a try and put this one behind, but for now gotta be happy with what I get I suppose.-EDIT-Considering the Dev is by no means willing to accept feedback to help fix the game I am therefor downvoting the game after being banned for giving a suggestion and stating the truth about how he avoids strong arguments related to the game and the MMO version with weak responses that are just meant to avoid answering directly as well as banning them, saying that what we say is off topic or pure trolling.Also, just support Steam Hammer, pre release, but so far they put more heart in the game than the ones developing LiF, same engine since the devs of Steam Hammer bought the 32 bit version engine from LiF, but hey, they got working flying zeppelins, while here in LiF we still do not have horses that pull carts AFTER 3 YEARS IN DEVELOPMENT."
,Recommended,290080,27534982,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,✦ | Aldred,"So many reviews about this game being to realistic and it takes ages to produce and make things. Well if you read the ♥♥♥♥ing description of the game the first 3 words say ""Hardcore and realistic"" If you dont want a game which is realistic and hardcore then dont ♥♥♥♥ing buy the game and then give it a negatvie review for being what it says it is.This game is very challenging when you play alone and can take a very long time to progress but if you play with a group then it can be very, very fun. I would recommend playing with a group of 4-8, any bigger than this and it turns into chaos any smaller than this it starts to get very difficult but still playable.If you are going to buy this game make sure you have the patience and time to grind"
76561198155273846,Recommended,290080,21802655,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,privilege bootytaker,good good
76561198167818851,Recommended,290080,29055249,Posted: 6 January,all,martinhrt92,"If you like deep games that have no end.If you like living a feudal life down to the smallest detail,this is the game for you.The only cons are the unreliability of the servers but I guess hosts have to sleep sometimes.Cant wait for the MMO to be released."
,Recommended,290080,31520374,Posted: 3 May,all,Inflicted,"I still say this game is not for ppl that have a life.. but you know what..holy poop this game is good. they have really improved it. the communities are great and the servers/game seems so well optimised.The Graphics out standing. the character leveling and developement perfcet. The building is well, realistic ? gathering resources makes sense.Huge learning curve and you need good google skils to help you through the crafting and leveling.all in all, a game you could spend a thousand hours in and still play. A real competitior to ARK"
76561198034179745,Recommended,290080,27947594,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Snowy,"Winner of the ""I want to kill myself"" Award!"
76561198008526592,Recommended,290080,27708570,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Thax,Great Game! Great Concept if they can pull it off.
76561198013967720,Recommended,290080,27968414,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,varzik,"You need a new scale to rate this game. And  you need to pass the learning curve to understand why im saying this. If the concept of the Matrix was real, i want to be living in the world of LiF:YO"
,Recommended,290080,28004343,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,NateNorth,Amazing game...1. Install the game2. Google HOUSE OF DAGFINN3. Join them4. Destroy the LaOrdens
76561198007553017,Recommended,290080,27185011,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rin,"Played lots of it, If you like Grinding games i totally recommend!PS: At some point i would go to bed and only thing i would hear was the sound of Trees being chopped or mining!"
76561198103170207,Recommended,290080,27211630,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,hervean,"If you want to spend a massive amount of time playing a game, this is for you.If you want to kill people and take their crap, then log out to play CS, this game is for you.If you want to make acres of farm land, this game is for you.If you want to build a random wall in the middle of an island and charge people taxes to go through the one gate, this game, is for you.If you want to extort people for taxes even though they only have a stone hammer, this game, is for you.If you want to work with ten other people building a grand settlement with life and a pulse of it's own, this game is for you."
,Recommended,290080,27245181,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Susha,I remember this game just starting out having lots of bugs and problems. The game has changed and actually runs quite well and also new things were added. This game is fun to play with a group of friends or just find a group.
76561197963225574,Recommended,290080,27567611,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Seshet the Mad,"You've got a minute? How about 60.000?This game is addictive. It should be illegal to play! RP servers can be really bad or completely awesome, and boy, are you gonna grind them trees!Build a base, cut a tree, forge a sword and kill wild boar.Also mountains"
76561198109078306,Recommended,290080,27671191,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TheRedEyedWolf,"I bloody loved this game, built an entire villlage from the ground up, shame I was busy at the time and couldn't put more teime into, so I fell out and never really got into it again."
,Recommended,290080,27601115,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lord Commissar Alexer,Life is feudal.
76561197972559582,Not Recommended,290080,32184037,Posted: 4 June,all,8byteTassadar,"When I returned to play this game there were only 5 dedicated servers with more than 6 online players. All of them were heavy RP or restrictive rules servers. The drama of bad admins and restrictive rules really diminishes how fun this game can be.The graphics are good enough to lose yourself in the world. I enjoyed a few of the professions; even if it seemed like bit of a cell game grind.Tunneling underground is awful; same goes for getting stuck on elevation inclines, or horses getting stuck on inches of water.The combat is very enjoyable though I've yet to play on a server where lag was minimal enough where it could ever seem competitive. The lag makes it really hit and miss, though skill does make a big difference.Building and construction were enjoyable. The only complaint might be that it takes leather to repair stone walls? I don't really get the logic behind that.The lack of integration with steam community-mods is off-putting for players who have never entered a console command in their life. Joining a server with a custom map means re-validating your steam files every time you switch.I was surprised how well the game ran with how the elevation works. Minecraft being 1:1 and LiF being 1:10. That said horse animations and lag were pretty bad at high speeds; horses falling ""floating"" down cliffs and the like. That and the combat mentioned earlier. I think the saving grace is that lag does not prevent you from grinding which takes up the majority of the game.Almost forgot to mention NPC's. The animals are immersion breaking. Bears have ""invisible armor"" where it takes 30 crossbow bolts to the face to die? Meanwhile with no armor they hit you for 130 (which is all of your life for most). Wolves glitch and circle you while  hitting you while you can’t hit them (sometimes). The AI for animals is the most minimalist I've seen for a game; run straight, turn, run straight, turn. No sense of danger; they only run on close proximity or damage. Due to the forced high hit points of mobs most people resort to luring the dumb animals to the water where they glitch out and you murder them. Animals (when you are in the water) seems to get ""stuck"" when not even in the water. Definitely a large amount of pathfinding issues with the AI as well as their intelligence as well.I had fun but I can’t recommend it. Perhaps with some bugs fixed; the MMO bringing a standardized ruleset and omission of bad admins that might change."
,Recommended,290080,16251592,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,'Subso,Its good for a few hours.
,Recommended,290080,17143963,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,ShoxieHypnocoon,Great game!
76561198051635416,Not Recommended,290080,12354861,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,one thousand dwarves,"I got it, I like it. But I cant close steam because its lagging my computer a bit. I tried everything. Launching a game and EXITING steam but it closes my game and says ""Close Life is Feudal: Your Own before exiting steam"". I tried deleting the local content but same thing. The only option i have left is to completely turn off my computer but it will be a unnecasary pain to get my windows back up. This irritating glitch needs to be patched real fast cause Ive spent 40 dollars on this."
76561198069570272,Recommended,290080,12305716,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,LukeVee,"For an alpha game, it is already quite in depth and very fun."
76561198115260540,Recommended,290080,13919277,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Sir George,I Give This Game A 15/5 Just Because You Can Type Butt Into The Console :D
76561198119711612,Recommended,290080,14394248,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,HeavyDeeps,Great game with friends.
76561198022454778,Recommended,290080,14580555,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,anatoliberg,i really enjoyed playing it for over 100 hours. must say everything takes a lot of time and you can only build whats pre made for you u can't designe a specific house for yourself. but thats ok.wish there was another layout of a map so one could try a different world with different attributes and challenges. just an idea. the game crashed on me quite a few times. wish also there was a better way of fixing things that are used up or destroyed. otherwise loved every minute of the game. good work and keep it going.
,Recommended,290080,19142606,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,HellzHobo,"11/20/2015 Edit: All the major game breaking bugs have been fixed. As long as youve got a lot of time on your hands and a friend or too. Youll have fun. Especially now that theres a lot more servers filling up.Edit: So apparently this actually getting attention and I just wanted to make it clear. I love this game. I enjoy it, its a great experience. But its in a bad state right now. Devs said theyve got a hotfix coming out today to fix some of the glitches, I'll edit it again once that comes out, butI will not change the original review, if the game is in a good state, then I will change my recommendation.But theres no need to remove the original, I feel it'll be good to see how far its come from the original release day in a few months.Tl;DR: Dont waste your time. $40 is WAY to much. $24 is still to much. Dont pay more than $15. Wait a few months, after the fixes by all means. Spend $40.Intro.. aaaaand it crashed.First off, let me say I enjoyed this game, in fact I loved it. Was loads of fun, crafting and building was great. But today on November 17th the game was ""Released"" and its absolutely riddled with bugs. Now that means one of 2 thingsThe testers didnt even test the game for more than 10 minutes at a time because, thats how often youll run into a game breaking bug.The devs were informed about the bugs and simply didnt have the knowledge or just couldnt fix the game before release.The bugsSo you might be wondering okay what are these oh so terrible game breaking bugs? Well ones with * (supposedly) only be for those who had the early access game. And there will be a (supposed) fix at the bottom.*The UI messes up to a point where you have to restart the game, sometimes UNINSTALL the game to fix it.If an animal touches water..The server crashes. Yep. Straight up crashes. With servers of 64 people all running around and doing things, someone is gonna try to hunt. Someone is gonna crash the server.*The character model messes up, tears apart and will cover your entire screen.*Sometimes looking at trees will get the stuck on your screen to the point where you cant see anything.The VerdictThis game was great before it released, granted the graphics werent great but there were much less bugs. So as it is, dont bother the game is, in my opinion, broken. When devs come out with fixes, sure by all means give it a shot. But never have I seen a more broken game on release. The devs are aware of it being broken. One of them has even apologized to players on the public forum about it. So theyre working on it. The game is currently the 7th top selling on steam, so theres loads of people playing. If you can look past the bugs, turn a blind eye..Youll have a great time. But its because of those bugs thatI DONT RECOMMEND THIS GAME.**The fix: Reinstall. People says it fixes it, others say it doesnt. Sooo take it as you will."
76561198200667849,Recommended,290080,28333603,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,JJboyson,Two handed weapons take four seconds to actually swing xd
,Recommended,290080,14409521,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Bullenbak,"This game came recommended by a friend who described as a mixture of minecraft with something else. It does remind me of minecraft: you start with nothing, need to make tools from scratch and after lots of hard work and labour you slowly build your house, furnace and other buildings that you need or want.It is clear the game is not finished yet because many features of the skill tree arent implemented yet. Yet the game as it is now is a solid base. It looks very promising toward the feature. I am curious how they will build in certain aspects into the game but that is for later updates.As stated by others, everything you do can take a lot of effort. It makes it clear this game is most enjoyable when working together with others. If everybody does a part you make faster progress. Building, fighting or hunting, all is better when teamed up with a friend or two."
76561197971156409,Recommended,290080,31451552,Posted: 29 April,all,Ghostmaker1911,"I've had more fun and entertainment out of this $40 game than most of my $60+ games and $20-40 DLC.  The fun you'll have in this game is dependent on these three things1.  Do you like a game with such a deep crafting system that you'll have a wiki open at all times just to plan ahead?This game has so many things to tame, craft, destroy, mine, chop, slaughter, skin, collect, and TERRAFORM that it would take at a long time just to see them all.2.  Do you like a manageable and enjoyable grind or a punishing arduous scrape that requires constant attention?This is the difference between the 1x multiplier servers vs the 30-50x servers most people play on.  Trust me, I love to grind and build but, 1x as intended would take FOREVER to make progress.3.  Are you social?  This game REQUIRES you to work together to make real progress.  If you play this alone, you will be mercilessly stomped for your effort.  Make a friend, forge an alliance, and band together to defend your lands.People who give this game a bad review based on the upcoming MMO (which you get for free with this purchase) have really got to calm down.  I've played this game for over 130 hours for $40.  If they destroyed every copy of the game right now and shut down all the servers, I've more than got my moneys worth.9/10"
,Recommended,290080,12603108,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,TheRealGabriel,"Takes a while to get used to, and it's pretty rough on your card (devs need to improve distance draws and LODS to cut down on graphic demand) but overall it's fun.  Don't expect epic combat either, it's FAR from a good combat system.  Still though, I recommend."
76561198083088920,Recommended,290080,12337482,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Allied Mastercomputer,"At this point in my experience, I must say.... Im completely enamored with Life Is Feudal. Ive always wanted a good medieval sandbox where things werent easy, and the difficulty lended a sense of accomplishment. Well, I think this may be the one. As I right this review, I am in a group of about 7 people who allowed me to join them when I was scratching by in a small hut with meager crops. Since joining, I have become a bow smith. Last night, I maxed my bowcrafting, and can now make powerful crossbows that can kill swiftly, and are a great tool to fight bandits, like the dreaded pitchfork bandits who wiped out a large village and left it a graveyard. Our town is completely self sufficient and stands tall against the uncivilized backdrop of the map. Anyone who has the time to play can be great, and contribute to a sense of community and teamwork that Ive never felt in any game as much as I do in this one. Even if you dont find the idea of the current 64 player cap appealing, buy it anyways, and practice for the MMO that will have 100s on the same server, and wont cost you a nickel more after you buy this game. I just cant say enough good things. The development team is great as well. They talk to the community and give you timely, well written responses. They are a joy to be testing for, and Im glad of all the games I gave my business to, it was this one, because it is going to be a big one.TL:DR This game is great, if you have the time to put in. It is almost impossible to make it without friends, so meet people on a good server, and prosper! Highly Recommend this game!"
76561198017289960,Recommended,290080,12447359,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,DVG369,"okay, i spent more then enought time to make this game work yestarday. some of you who see that i have been on it for only 2-3 hours may not agree, but i payed for this game, yes i know it is ""early access"" but for ffs, i cant start the game (offline mode) without a hell of alot of work, that for me, totally fail.so, if someone made the game work after downloading it(offline mode) then i ask you to comment on my comment, because i just want this game to work."
76561198124807462,Recommended,290080,14250801,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Lethaltrigger,Game is awesome 8.5 rate. Join the BanHammer Tavern moderate pvp/Rp active admins/ events awesome with great fps and all around a great server we welcome all new members.
76561198301130762,Recommended,290080,28312397,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,L3g3nd4ry Chick3n,"Hello people,I had a problem with my launch. It froze with the intro screen. Then, I found this linkhttps://steamcommunity.com/app/290080/discussions/4/451850849191605087/It turned out it was an issue with the dx12 Im running with Win10. Go to fix 5 if you have this problem.:)"
,Recommended,290080,12451779,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,bezythe,"This game is incredibly realistic, to a pea. Hard, but rewarding."
,Recommended,290080,13656949,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,How do I play this game,fun game
,Recommended,290080,13775680,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Malkiel Bischoffsheim,"Looking for new players to join huge community!!  Trust me i didnt think itd be fun but you gotta join, friend me!!!!"
,Recommended,290080,14381647,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,hangingwithjesus,keep in mind its early alpha but it is good for early access i spent countless hours on this game and im no where near close to the end result there is so much to due and you need more then one person to pull of making a functional town
,Recommended,290080,31481153,Posted: 1 May,all,Bugg,"Has a few mechanical flaws. Basically impossible to play solo. Not a problem though, as this is not Rust and the community is good. Cool crafting system. Addictive. Would buy again."
76561198037604716,Recommended,290080,12298960,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Sir Warcraft alot,as a casual sandbox player this is as rewarding and hard work to make big things. architecture and other things in the game such as the graphics in the game are considers the most beutiful experience.since its alpha you do expect to see some bugs but it is supringly few. combat experience is not good yet.The crafting system is indept and require herbalism as a important and it is a game wich are made for friends and make a city together.in its current alpha state you dont care about the small problems. everything in this game feels great with over 30 skills to earn :)
,Recommended,290080,35484805,Posted: 4 October,all,CraftyFox,"I love this game, I dont care how buggy it is. LiF:YO has got a great community and it's an amazing concept. Forcing players to work togther with a skill cap is great. Combat needs work, but its coming, slowly."
,Not Recommended,290080,35512172,Posted: 6 October,all,Honkey4Life,Dirt digging simulator.
,Recommended,290080,16830734,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Йеппе Петерсен,"I like it, don't dislike it cause its in an real early alpha. Think good about it. Wait for updates. :D I enjoy it!"
,Recommended,290080,29028183,Posted: 4 January,all,Paradoxyc,"I'm in the forest gathering branches in a rainstorm, and my character begins to laugh as a message appears, which tells me that I imagined carrying leaves with me to keep me dry for whenever it rains.10/10"
76561198160425826,Recommended,290080,29078194,Posted: 6 January,all,Ozro,"great role playing game, has a magnitude of things to do and keep you busy without feeling like a grind fest"
,Recommended,290080,16018041,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Sober_Bender,"So with out all the crap, it looks like rust, plays simliar to skyrim without magic and has a far more advanced building system than minecraft like ive ever seen. Can be fustrating at times learning what to do but, enojying the challenge, plus its still a alpha so many glitches still. I give it a 7 outta 10. Once its all smoothed out this will be the best Survival Sandbox available to buy!!"
76561198056705918,Recommended,290080,28048687,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,#XxXcr1ngeN4meXxX.,"Best game ever, just waiting on the mmo update"
,Recommended,290080,22277271,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Kiro,This WILL be one of the next greatest MMORPGs out there... and be 100% PLAYER DRIVEN!Shadowbane + Ultima Online + Darkfall Online.Score...
76561198118187202,Recommended,290080,28090423,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Cinstea Firestor[M],"if i say its a good or bad mmo i would be a liar, because myself and alot of people (apart from a select few), have not even played the beta wave, this question is stupid and too earlier. as for lifyo it's fairly fun, only down side is servers are privately run, which inevitable leads to admin abuse."
,Recommended,290080,29006456,Posted: 4 January,all,TheRepairKit,"Spent two and a half hours realtime making a campfire (that absorbed my sticks), a bed (that i can't sleep in), and a table (only half complete because it needs 2 Bone Glue)10/10 (brb going to Officeworks to ask how they get Bone Glue)"
,Recommended,290080,21342120,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Thaurus,"I started playing Life is Feudal when it was released for Early acces and have seen the game beofre the time of munments and guilds. In september 2015 I stopped playing do not know why but it just happened.Last week I returned and i have to say that the game is now a good game, it could use some little tweaks and some more love for the economical and political espects of the game.If you like Minecraft or any survival type game and some realism this is a game for you, try to pick a server with not more then 1000 skillpoints then you really need help form other people to get things done."
,Recommended,290080,21287618,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,TheSadSnowflake,"This game is really good. So good in fact that I am now hosting a role play dedicated server. I made that decision after my first day in the game and got a server the next day.  The game to me at least feels a lot like the mount and blade persistent world mod,  but made into a full fledged game with a pretty decent building system. This is the best game I have played in a while and I was finding myself bored with games in general until this game reignited my love for gaming. I would recommend it mostly to anyone who enjoys role playing and being part of a mature community just make sure to find the type of server you want to play on.Because I love the game does not mean it has no flaws because I assure you it does. The game is less optimised then it should be and can have bouts of lag even on top end systems. There are still a fair among of bugs very rarely game breaking ones or bad ones but lots of small ones in irritating places.All in all I love the game but I am looking forward to its future as if will have a lot to bring."
76561198006701618,Recommended,290080,21375854,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,morticus195,If you like the medeval age and PVP or just crafting and working as a team this game is the no 1 in my book :)
76561198176322839,Recommended,290080,21245501,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Ziri,With almost 500 hours online in LiF I can definitely say I've got a feel for the game. If you are looking for a game with in-depth crafting this one is for you.  When you first pop into the game it's just you and the environment. Your first tools will be primitive.  Your first encounter with an animal...will you be the survivor or the prey.  If you are into contruction of houses and settlements then this is the game for you!  You can start with a simple hut and ultimately finish with your very own stone keep and villages.  As of this moment you can only play LiF on a private server but that is due to change after the March 2016 CBT of the MMO.  Once this game goes live as an MMO I can only see it getting better!
,Recommended,290080,21240879,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,ShadoPandauin,Send help. I'm addicted.
76561198082928432,Recommended,290080,21425761,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,AngryTango,I really loved this game. Great concepts. It needs further development but hopefully it will all come together as this hits it dead on in some aspects.
,Recommended,290080,21502931,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,#BBC Ryan Kelly CBB,"Spent 3 hours collecting bones, get shot, die. Try again"
76561198014751669,Recommended,290080,32449245,Posted: 15 June,all,darkbladed,"Sucha  fun and in dept game.  Only criticism I have is the lack of a single player mode.  Sure you can create a server and play by yourself, but for some reason my machine hangs when creating a server.  A single player mode would help give you a sandbox to play in, learn the game better, and not have to wait for your favorite server to be online."
,Recommended,290080,27833175,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,JOHOH,Best survival/rpg/builder/pvp game.
76561198006923602,Not Recommended,290080,12268230,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,shadowcody67,0/0 can't ever play the game fail much
76561198020271934,Recommended,290080,20963697,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,proge48,One of the best open world sandbox games I have played in a long time. Reminds be a lot of Dark Fall meets wurm online. Anyone that likes crafting and open world pvp should give it a try. I would also Stay away from the server RPclif. There server staff is really really poor. If you have an issue it will take them days to fix it. and There staff will treat there community like they don't matter Really a poor server to get involed in. However there are a lot of other great servers.
,Recommended,290080,20927147,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Deviant,"Life is Feudal is certantly not for everyone.It is my personal opinion that the majority of players on steam should give this a pass.But then why am I giving this not just a positive review, but an extremely high recommendation?Because I love the living jeebers out of this game. The amount that you can asprie to, the different things you can build, and above all the many different people you meet combine to create a next-level experience. But it is extremely important to find a server that YOU enjoy, that has rules that YOU want to live by. This game is grindy as all hell, but the satisfaction from watching your campfire grow into a fortress through pure hard work is immense. The labour is extreme, the time required enourmous. But the progress is undeniable.As of writing this review, I have approx. over 60 hours in this game. With the help of a group of about 10, we've managed to raise one house and one warhouse, train 5 horses, and fully arm 4 of us. This took us over a week, with players constantly on. There is no denying or mistaking just how hard progress in Life is Feudal is. But if you are the kind of person who enjoys putting in the hours to reach new heights, this game is for you. Make sure you find a nice server with good GMs, a nice group (or even person) willing to teach you, and the patience to see those garden herbs turn into a steel factory. Oh, and keep a sword close by at all times, and watch your back. PVP makes Life is Feudal truly Feudal."
,Recommended,290080,22584234,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,𝔻𝕒𝕩𝔾,"Overall is this game fun and worth the money? Yes.PROS:It has awesome roleplay aspects, you can be a carpenter, a merchant, a blacksmith, a bounty hunter or pretty much anyone.Realistic and quite complex combat but clunky at times. You can learn special combos and skills which give damage boosts etc. Lots of armor and weapon choices.Lots of good servers with active admins - i havent seen a hacker so far.CONS:Not the best optimisation. It depends on server and how its ran.It can be very laggy and glitchy.Your game will crush alot."
76561197992465232,Not Recommended,290080,25583040,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,bfischer,"You have your choice of either doing boring and repetive tasks, or trying to deal with unemployed insomiac PVPers that wreck your paper fortress, constructions and items while your not online. The only other thing is to do is some hunting and it is pretty lousy as the animal AI is just horrid. Game mechanics are just wierd at times as well. Some things in the game are just mind-boggling illogical.Now if your one of those insomniac PVP players and really like ganking people and ruining their day and making them cry and quit, it's great fun. I highly encourage people with that enjoy that type of playstyle to join in on the carnage ths game has to offer you. This game is designed with you in mind. It is WAY easier to destroy than to build and super easy to off people when they are not expecting it.Personally for me it just started to seem like work and the fun factor diminished after a few weeks, especially as most other left the game for something funner to do as well.I tried 3 servers, results about the same on each. But hey, YMMV and a really active server might be different experience."
,Recommended,290080,32156887,Posted: 3 June,all,Phobic Ice,"Bought this game quite some time ago. When it first came out the game had a great deal of bugs and flaws. However, I truely find this game enjoyable. The dev team is small, but they have spent a great deal of time polishing the game and fixing bugs.If you are looking to purchase this game, be warned that it is very time intensive, and requires a group. It continues to have some bugs, due to it being a testing ground for the upcoming LiF:MMO. Overall I'd rate this game as an 8/10."
76561198058074295,Recommended,290080,28410954,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Daydayzz,"After 2 years of playing this game I have to say it keeps me coming back for more LiF punishment. just when you think you know it all, LiF throws you a back a step and you have to fight to come back and do it all again."
76561197977256311,Not Recommended,290080,31779133,Posted: 15 May,all,Avlon,"Walk away, tree mechanic is absurd (but working as intended) The first 400 hours last year was enjoyable. Needed NPC's to hold most peoples interests, needed some adjustments to Trade Carts and things like that. Adjustements were not made, most servers died. Came back after a year to see there have been some huge deal breakers. You NEED wood in this game. Trees take 21-180 Real Life Days to grow. This is ON PURPOSE for Reality purposes... This is also the reason 1,000+ players have left, and why I am pretty much done with the game. If you want to be that crazy with realism stop letting me carry 300 lbs of rocks out of a mine, stop letting create water flasks out of air, put a horse in my back pack and so on. The tree thing is a deal breaker, so many servers have NO mature trees on them at all. All sprouts that have been trying to become trees for months... what a rediculious change. Its like they just wanted your money then made you leave."
76561198044208644,Recommended,290080,28996012,Posted: 3 January,all,tommyrex33,Its fantastic
76561198108634915,Recommended,290080,34745142,Posted: 4 September,all,Courier6,"good game, but too much grind"
,Recommended,290080,12172197,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Kenny,"Great game in the works here.   Great mechanics, gameplay and is very immersive.   Inventory system is one of a kind and a change from the slot based inventory systems.   Would highley recommend this game to play with friends!"
76561198068618758,Recommended,290080,12178898,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,PolandAwesome,"Hard to set up server still haven't quite figured it out and hard to find good server to play on, so if the game was made easier for a beginner to start up it would be easier."
76561198101405445,Recommended,290080,12182476,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Vasiliy,Yes i recommend this game. Great and deep crafting system. For those who played rust in early alpha... this is millions of times better that Rust. The developers promise to keep this project going. Rust is STILL IN ALPHA and has just been updated after what a year?!?!?!?!
76561198119527715,Recommended,290080,12183617,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Jeter777,Graphics are identical to day-z - feels like mount and blade with much more substance- you will put hours into this game for it to continue to pay off- some repetitive grind - crafting is beyond concepts minecraft showed to a large audience - its not finished so it will get better- and this is said without interactions with others online- so yea its worth it.
,Recommended,290080,12185719,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Apple,"Gameplay:It's an alpha, and it's been in the works for 3+ years apparently. The game itself is pretty solid, but I didn't discover enough to know if buildings can be built, or anything else like that. From my experience, it was very slow and i had to turn everything down a whole lot, but patches come through all the time. It's an alpha.Why i recommend:They update it all the time. I bought it yesterday, and they constantly push out information, even if it's not a patch. Communication is key, and it's certain to grow into a full game, as the team seems very dedicated."
76561198113922874,Recommended,290080,12185785,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Naeem,The game a lots of time stop to work .
76561197982989481,Recommended,290080,12186049,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Addicted to Sadness,its a good game but i cant understand how to play it.theres no tutorial about anything i even cant dig dont know how to
76561198044848768,Recommended,290080,12186814,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,sinxnis(hanman9000- han),"i like the game but only if i play it with friends to bum around with, the game is horribly grindy (if you're playing without the skill multipliers) so if you dont like grinding don't get it. as it is DONT buy the game for the pvp as it is horribly broken since its alpha, BUT its fun to play to me!"
76561198006164626,Recommended,290080,12206172,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Jack_Eton/TheBfrdrik,"it's a cool game but sinc u can get good at everything like armore mining etz, u really do have to know a lot off the game before you starte. at my first caracter i came to the point where im brilient at making houses etz how ever i cant even get my own food....pleas make it so that we can have more skillpoints in diffenrent skills !"
,Recommended,290080,12243507,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,MacGruber,"Simply amazing, Iv been apart of over 20 aplhas in my life and this one tops the list by far!!!1thing u cant forget is that this game is in aplha and they will slowly release feature after feature so be patient and enjyo the game while filling out as many  bug reports as we can.60 hours into the game 12 hours into my new run through after the patch came out and our town already has a hole castle keep up.so the more you are orgnized and work together the more it will advance at a steady pase, apose to my last play through we where being mobed by bandits daily so we never advanced."
,Recommended,290080,12270981,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,SQUENIX BASED REMAKE,It's like Farmville on cocaine.10/10 Game of the Year.
,Recommended,290080,12275663,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Energy Addict,"Alright, so it's definetly in development...However, unlike some games out there in the world, this isn't a bad thing. The mining needs a tender loving touch, as it can be buggy alongside some of the terraforming (minor for terraforming, but they're related in terms of changing the world/ground). The game holds a lot of complexity, and the skills are all intertwined to some level. Failure to have a dedicated person in each profession in your growing little village in the woods means- eventually- one of you, if not all of you at some point, may be stunted in development.It holds a lot of potential, and is an enjoyable game is you can tolerate it's developmental status. The community if great, and unlike other games, not -everyone- wants to kill you..."
,Recommended,290080,13348569,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Pegisuee,"I Have not played this game for very long, but i don't think its a necessity in this game. You can see from the very start of the game that this game has loads of potential, but i'm not here to talk about potential.At it's current state it's already a game with allot of content.... well maybe i should rephrase that a little. The game may not have loads of content but the content it has atm brings you LOADS of gameplay time. depending on the server you are on it takes you forever to built your own house (yes it took me 9 houres with 2 people to built a simple house). This is because the game has so many different skills that you need to level. you need terramorfing to level the ground. then you need woodcutting to get the wood from you're house, then you need carpentry then you need this and then you need that. This may not be the reason itself why it takes so long.  The reason is that you NEED other people because you can't skill every skill to the maximum, so it's a very social game. You need others to get a city going and everyone needs to specialise himself in something. in the 9/10 hours i played the game, we had a small village where each and everyone had it's own role. we had people who were responsible for the food income of the entire village. we had people specialising in combat, carpentry, terramorfing, so on and on.So all put together with the content, the social aspect and the beautiful graphics this game has for a server based MMO, I think it def worth a look. If they keep going in the direction they are going i'll give it a 9/10"
76561198152033284,Recommended,290080,13590851,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,doinnada,Would be nice if when exiting the program it went back to the main menu. Unless i have mine set up wrong.
76561197986671357,Recommended,290080,14091602,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Raija,"I love this game, if you find the right server with admins that don't abuse, this game is great, you can even make your own server and do it your way but i've yet to understand how to admin myself so I go in if I make my own server and play it like it's a simple server.   Anywho, yeah this game is 10/10 best entertainment system there is, sure lots of terraforming and landscaping before you build your♥♥♥♥♥♥up but once you get to where you're going after all the hard work is done and overwith you will find yourself in a world entirely of your own making :) Enjoy this game and support the makers, they did a good number on this one."
,Recommended,290080,15086177,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Redhawk305,epic game very well made i cant wait to see what the updates bring and theres so much detail in the game both graphicly and gameplay
76561198048816330,Recommended,290080,18187769,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Forgewright,Time waster.
76561198006986859,Recommended,290080,20139772,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Gearknot,"Great game, rough in the beginning. But I would definitely recommend it. Not sure why people complain about it, I've seen some reviews that make no sense. $40 is a fine price tag, was on sale for $24.Runs great on my system:i7- 2600k 3.4 Ghz16 gb System RamRadeon R9 295x2Windows 7 64 bit"
,Recommended,290080,20241603,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,BRBRerolling,"This is absolutely what I like in a game: exploration, crafting, a small touch of competition, the option to roleplay.The downside is my computer, once a glorious beast of gaming goodness, is now so outdated it crashes repeatedly giving ""Out of Memory"" errors. Plan to play a lot more when I upgrade.10/10 would crash again."
,Recommended,290080,20324958,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Reynard,"Very fun game overall, although it requires a sometimes inhuman amount of patience to conquer. I really like the concept behind this but it wouldd be so much more fun if terraforming would go faster. 7.9/10"
76561198123340516,Recommended,290080,20381407,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,SIR_SUX_ALOT,"I bought this game when it first came out- the textures were quite horrible. The gameplay was clunky and glitchy and the overall interface was horrible..... that being said i took another look at it today to see how far it had come and to my surprize it has come quite a long way.The menu system has been optimized which makes playing the game alot easier. the graphics have improved, and while i cant say they are the best ive ever seen in a game, they are miles beyond where they were when the game first released. i think its mostly texture and shader updates but its given the game a fresh look.The game needs alot more polish but im happy to say that the devs seen to be hard at work."
,Recommended,290080,21842557,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Poosiebeard,"Unless you like roleplay, probably shouldn't get this game."
76561198130541191,Recommended,290080,21896932,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Cadrof,Over all its kind of fun. Takes forever to load and the skill tree is SCREWED UP but fun. I mean come on you can make a bow but you got to work with a crossbow first which is something you can't make for a very long time. A lot of bugs still in the game play hopefully it all gets worked out soon though.
,Recommended,290080,21967755,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,VaperCore,"While the game does have its issues, I cannot fathom how someone can 100+ hours on a game and say they didn't enjoy it. There's a lot of review complaining because of slow development. These reviewers played the hell out of the game, and have the nerve to thumb it down.If you like sandbox style crafting games and are looking for a more hardcore medieval setting, this is the game. It crashes like crazy, has stuttering issues, and few truly great servers. It's a fantastically designed game on the back of a schizophrenic codebase. The glitches are worth powering through for the emergent gameplay that weaves itself with REAL teamwork encouraging mechanics.Despite the technical issues, even the haters played it for hours on end. And yet they still have the audacity to not recommend the game. I really don't get it."
76561198220438836,Recommended,290080,27333712,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jason,"so much goin on in this game for crafting, its a lil frustrating an grindy but worth a try."
,Recommended,290080,27365369,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Princessofnight,Fun an highly adicting can spend hours on it
,Recommended,290080,28670341,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,WouldYouKindly?,I am despertly in need of a good pc to play it but ill recommend it either way!
76561198032782013,Recommended,290080,12175463,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Another Player,"It's... Incredibly intricate, interesting, and promising at the current state of it.  But that doesn't mean that it's something that everyone will find enjoyment in.  Taking survival elements that're comparable to DayZ and Rust with mechanics for needing food or proper medical attention, crafting elements that put Minecraft to shame, terraforming elements and potential building mechanics that seem almost obscenely intricate...  It's promising.  Time consuming would be an understatement of the year though; in a few hours in a single-player game with the skills-gain set to a hundred times the base, it still took me the better part of three hours to get merely the most primative toolset.It seems like one of the best potential games for creating, influencing, and enjoying the fruits of your and you friend's labor I've seen in a long time.  That feeling of actually getting together an actual township, of raising together against a common enemy to defend the little you've scrapped together seems like it will be absolutely incredible.I'll need to wait for some stability updates and some of the other promised features before I find myself playing it too terribly often, with two or three hourly disconnects from servers, but I'm certainly looking forwards to them."
76561198059438424,Recommended,290080,12326874,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Pr0stoguest,That is one of two games I've been dreaming but never saw. Lots of potential and game need to be finidhed snd polished. Lots of crafting and a misrable skillcap makes this game impossible or close to it with out co-op. That make it two-in-one social and snadbox game - perfect combination been waiting for decade!
76561197992246027,Recommended,290080,20375293,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Capadocius,"Well my first review what can i say? (insert random reason to justify the writing of the review)Life is feudal is often compared to games like Rust or Ark because of the survivals elements of the games. In truth the similarities between the games stop there. LIF is more a cooperative survival/medieval simulation and I think it have more in common with old MMORPG like Ultima Online than survival games like Rust.The cooperative aspect of the game is really important. If you work alone you are gonna get stuck really early in the game because of the way the crafting system is made. Here an example: A blacksmith gonna need a builder to build is forge and cook the coal he need, a carpenter for the wooden handle for the tools, a farmer for the leather for the armors and weapons and a herbalist for the flux to make steel. Basically, every crafting professions are going to need another profession to craft something at one point or another. Teamwork is the name of the game.The skill system is good. You got to grind to get your skill points for your profession/weapons proficiency but usually it's pretty quick to get to a level where you can do something useful. The real challenge come between 90-100 where it rise up really slowly. But for most profiencies 100 skill point actually unlock ""fluff"" active or passive that doesn't really impact the game.Other than that it's a great game that can be really immersive. Many time i wanted to play ""a little bit"" just to realize that i had passed all evening on it.On the downside, the game is still a bit laggy and for those used to typical survival games will find that it has a slower pace than the other game. Also, i do not recommend it for player that are ""lone wolf"" type of player. These player are gonna reach a wall and get bored really quickly. Other than that I recommend this game. It's one the best games a played since a long time."
76561198007707539,Recommended,290080,12169222,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,sportsnut57,I found a bug the game will not let you exit when you ask to it asks are you sure but then does not give you a way to say yes.  Need to make a guide book on how to build things simular to like a minecraft game has that tells you basic crafting and ways to make a home and a fishing pole ect.  I am enjoying the game keep up the good work.
76561198029119742,Recommended,290080,12172433,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Arnold Juanzenegger,"Joined a very friendly group of people, we killed a super wolf. The bloodlust took over so we killed a super moose too, and named out town moose town. 10/10."
76561197980150747,Recommended,290080,20157392,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,KorpeZ,Great game for the ones that loves hardcore grinding!
76561198144709763,Recommended,290080,20197862,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,BLACK DRAGON,"The game (l.i.f.) is great :) guilds, teams and solo players will love it i known i known it (MMO)i have played the game for 346.4hrs on record so yes i have play it and no not as a solo playthere sound, viedo display, game play and crafting is great :) jan 1 2016.it feb 6 2016 and the game is still great but teams and/or guild are hard to fined a good onethe pve is low from bears to hares but NO AI humans why you ask because not all player like eg framing, hunting, fishing and logging and good luck fineding a player who can help you.take about small land some places have building all over the place and no reward or quest but it still fun if you fine a good team to join some team don't like noobs and some of them use you but not all badgood luke and have fun and i hope you all have fun playing it as much as i do :) .more to come"
76561198009455624,Recommended,290080,24927200,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,[Nightmare] Deathstorm,"game has came along way and is still growing, if your looking for a fast pace game then this is not it. but if u like to earn your meal and put in long hard hrs of bulding your empire this game is for you. the more friends you have to help the better the title holds up to its self. i personaly love the game just wish there was more to buld/decorate and create. alot of the buldings are cookie cutter placement buldings and leaves little to creation. wish it was more like rust where u could buld your own dezines. i cant wait to see it when it is finished and i really love playing it the only thing that keeps me from being on it constantly is the lack of things to make buld and decorate."
76561198055673050,Recommended,290080,12179826,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,xboxzombie238,"This game is a blast i would recommend it to everyone I know. Ik it's kinda pricey, but it really is a good game!"
,Recommended,290080,12187939,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,YMAN3000,"Alpha State : 9/22/14This game is a mix of Mount & Blade and Runescape; which is a dream come true. You start off in the middle of nowhere with just clothes in your backpack. Then you must wander around looking for tree branches, flint stones and other stuff to make simple primitive tools to help you gather resources and survive.So far people seem to be cooperating and this game has not turned into a KOS game, which is not the point of the game in my opinion. The small towns made of shacks I found were friendly and welcomed you to join them. There are servers however that will kill you on sight; so just beware when approaching settlements.It takes a long time to accomplish things, so finding a few buddies is necessary to actually build a town. I have not seen any fortesses or stone towns yet, just small shacks and farms.- The game seems to crash when you use a mic near other people for some reason.- It still needs to allow players to add servers to their favorites list so you don't have to search for them again when logging back on.- Way too many server crashes.In its current state I recommend if you are patient and willing to get frustated a little; the potential for this game is immense if the creators keep working hard at it and don't abandon the project."
,Recommended,290080,20165051,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Neptune,"Pretty good.However, I think it's still a serious W.I.P. since there are updates coming out like every week.So far so good, however it's got a few minor bugs which might give your gameplay experience a hard time.The graphics are good however, it is has low FPS on top notch PC's too, for some reason - I hope it'll get fixed A.S.A.P.But yeah, it's a good 'Survival' game set in the medieval era, you'll have hard time surviving but once you'll settle down it'll be a great gameplay experience.PS: Most of the players are friendly, unlike other survival games where it's ''Kill-to-loot-to-become-the-best'' ... Here it's co-operation to survive and to build a nice piece of land to roleplay on.So far 7.3/10 from me, might go up, IF they fix the bugs and fix the FPS."
76561197976158476,Recommended,290080,28510554,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Tutuff,im really looking forward to the MMO going live
76561198066826408,Recommended,290080,12166987,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,ryantom,"What a game.......finish instaling game: join random server..... spawn in pitch black night.... see a moose run towards it.. see a wolf.... wolf runs after me... i turn around and run the other way... get my leg chewed off by wolf..... PERMADEATH....... :Dthis game is like minecraft, Rust, Dayz, Banished, & Skyrim Combined.........WAITED FOR A GAME LIKE THIS FOR YEARS!"
76561198044592393,Recommended,290080,12177882,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Kypho,"Awesome deep crafting, i hope fight will be just like crafting, much fun!Be able to teaming up, or just go like a bandit, its your choice. awesome."
76561198065613289,Recommended,290080,12182719,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Sir Cosmic,"In a swamp in the north end of the map above the lake I clamed a swamp. My characters name was Shrek, soon a man entered my swamp I told him ""This is my swamp"" but he refused to leave. He started building on the other end of the swamp, tired of him at night I went up behind him and knocked him out. Then I stole all his cookies and food then the shrekoning began. I took him for everything he had and left him with nothing.... This game is one of the best games I have even played and it deserves all the attention to it.11/10"
,Recommended,290080,12673440,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,狼Kanine狼,"Great game!! Although, make sure you have a graphics card sent from heaven otherwise you will be sitting in lag paradise. I am in lag paradise .-."
,Recommended,290080,14154338,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Roger 'Dan' Ram-Jet,"First thing you should do when starting a game in Life is Feudal; is to make sure your starting on the right server. Because theres alot of them, and that means theres alot of bad ones.There are more roleplaying servers than not, which is fair enough considering this is by far the best game I've ever played for Roleplayers. Which would be awesome if I was into that. But I am not. I prefer the open world sandbox PVP experience.Life is Feudal provides the most advanced way for me to enjoy that very experience. The best part about it would have to be the fact that - even in Alpha - it pretty much all works. Everything that they have in the game currently, mostly all works without any game breaking bugs or glitchs. There are plenty of those around, sure -  but none that make me want to not come back.This game is slow though. Progression is slow, but rewarding. However if you don't have some sort of goal to work towards in this game then it won't be enjoyable at all. You really do need to be able to envision what you want to create before you begin creating it. And before you even begin that your going to need to do a hell of a lot of basic work just to be able to make your vision a virtual reality. But it is so damn satisfying when you complete each and every little step of your goals.People you meet along the way will either help or hinder you. Either way it provides more fun, the survival aspects of the game are alot less visible in a non-PVP server - hence I do advise you play on a server that has no issues with theft from other players or murder. This IS a sandbox game and those mechanics ARE in it and they mostly all work.Plus this game is ALOT more fun when you make enemies as well as friends. No enemies makes your castle pretty useless anyway. So make sure not to join carebear servers.I might advise to wait a few more months before deciding to buy this game as they are planning on making it some sort of MMO, but...theres a big learning curve to it...so its probably a good idea to get it now just to learn how to start off when its fully released in September."
76561198042996035,Recommended,290080,20277582,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Riles,"Much potential, but still buggy. The game crashes a lot,  but that is mainly a small frustration. Making a server for me and a friend to play and figure it out together has been the biggest barrier for me. Overall I would give the game a up, but the multiplayer a down."
76561198058679763,Recommended,290080,12166969,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Destroyerd,loading time is super slow on laptop any way to improve this? or an offline mode where i dont have to make a server
,Recommended,290080,12181542,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Linkfish!,"Excellent early-alpha game. Mind the before, EARLY ALPHA. So no, it's not done and it's not perfect.Optimisation is still a long way to go IMO. I like to play my stuff full out on ULTRA but with LiF that's not a good thing to do right now even on my 4.5 GHZ i7 with 8GB Dominator Platinum RAM and a Geforce 780 GTX , I got like 20 FPS running it on full settings. I cut back to around 50% with all of it and it's pretty good now, still not 60 FPS but very playable, the slightly lower FPS doesn't get in the way considering it's not a super action packed game, it's pretty peaceful (so far). Being able to play on max settings with a reasonable FPS would be cool in the future though ! :)It has a few bugs here and there. UI could use some work, it's a little confusing sometimes which button to press, or when I want to craft something and need 2 menu's, i.e. my inventory and the crafting grid so I can drag stuff into my crafting grid, the crafting grid opens overlaying my inentory. So I had to drag drop it next to it in order to see it all, and it does this EVERY time, it doesn't remember me moving it from last time, which is annoying, but these are mere details that could be fixed easily. I did experience a crash here and there, but that's to be expected from Alpha stage.Crashing on this game sucks though, as the world takes forever to load, even on my beast PC when it's installed on an SSD it still takes a good 3 or 4 minutes for the world to load before I can actually enter the server and start playing. I hope that will still change later on so loading times are quicker!Now the reasons why I would recommend it big time! This game is EVERYTHING I've wanted for a long time. It's steep, learning curve wise, so you won't level to level 234353466 within 2 days. It takes time, and patience. Also I've found the community so far to be very friendly and helpful, which is rare nowadays. The game isn't based around fighting (yet) because it literally will take MONTHS to build a castle, and you'll need friends to do it. Without friends, alone, you'll take years. I'm like 6 hours in and just made my little wooden shed covered in clay and a furnace. That's all I've been able to get to, so it's a time investing game.Harvesting and growing crops is also a big part, as you need to eat. You can not farm and just find berries in the forest, but you'll have to go scavenge then. Or you could always go and catch fish, but obviously you'll need the tools to cook it properly. In real life you can't eat a raw fish either, so this is well done.It has mining, and you'll have to do it in order to upgrade♥♥♥♥♥♥as at some point you'll want metal tools instead of primitive ones. Mining is done well but could improve more IMO.To me this game is Minecraft, RUST, Harvest Moon, Mount & Blade and WORM combined. It's really good. I can't wait till it's out a bit longer and clans / groups of players have actually made entire castles and kingdoms and will try to take eachothers.As for the fighting physics I cannot comment as I have not yet been able to craft a sword. Maybe in a week or two ;-)The ammount of content you get for an early access alpha is great, bugs wise it's really not too bad the game is highly playable already. For the quality of alpha releases on STEAM lately where you spend money on totally broken games that never get finished, this is one I can actually recommend for a change.Highly recommended!-Link"
,Recommended,290080,12182725,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Vahn,"I have played many Early Access and other Alphas.  This is by far the most feature-rich alpha experience I have had.  What is interesting about that, is that it is still considered alpha.  The content plans far exceed what is currently in the game, yet what is currently implemented outshines features found in most other alphas.This Early Access release has yet to crash.  There are bugs here and there - mostly in the placement of items, or the cursor being slightly off from the item you just clicked - but nothing that has broken the gameplay.The only serious bug that has impacted enjoyment is the inability for me to find games hosted by friends, or for them to find mine.  I can see the list of servers, but it never displays the ones I'm looking for.  This is a known issue as of this writing.  As such, I'm not letting it affect how I feel about this game, but am listing it here so people know beforehand.All in all a great Early Access experience, and a game that will be easy to stick with, or keep coming back to, with each update."
76561198155234417,Recommended,290080,12186259,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,SeefoodBefood,"Personally im having alot of trouble connecting to servers, im not sure how common this is but im sure it will get better as the number of players raises, considering it is in alpha still"
76561198033249006,Recommended,290080,27348546,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Corkbottle,"Dig, flatten, dig, flatten, dig, flatten.... Terraforming simulator 2016. Love it!"
76561198023171360,Recommended,290080,12192263,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,nofred56,"I'm Really starting to like this game.. .So much for the senses[ In 3D ]. It takes work to progress skills. Gonna be satisfying to have Survived the next challenge presented. Easy to understand Interface.. I Think.. Many Choices can be made,Even more with Advancement of Skills. Two Fold."
76561198011504615,Recommended,290080,12192605,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,bishop180,"Like any early access game, there are limits to the gameplay. Overall, the graphics are great, the music is lovely. I just play on a private server building up stuff and getting used to the game for when the MMO comes out."
76561198048310890,Recommended,290080,12186157,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,PUNISHING RHIANNS ASS,well.....its fantastic all around. just a few minor issues nothing major... i spawned surrounded by wolves who were apparently eating me from a distance of 2 metres. apparently 1 in 3 peopls mouse doesnt seem to work in game. luckily enough i was one of those people so i spent most of the 15 minutes of gameplay running backwards because i couldnt change feild of view with my mouse. then i changed my video settings to the lowest and my game crashed. 10/10 for proving the alpha stereo type. cant wait for further development
76561198032679161,Recommended,290080,12193548,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Darryl,"I am having problems creating a world, I keep getting server connection issues ""Local server cannot be accessed"" I have another person on the same network in the house and he has no issues. I am also not getting the games I join show up in history and if I have friends in other games I am not able to see what server they are on in the friends tab...Game looks good when I can play, and will probably be fun once I can actually play it with friends. I'm looking forward to being able to play and not have to restart every time!"
,Recommended,290080,12582896,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Tommyanker,"What a game, a beautiful mix of skills, wonderful mechanics, survival, with a sandbox platform to ultimately unlock your creativity.LiF: YO as more features added than most games in early beta stages, this is just not the core of the game, but is mostly implemented and does not limit your development or play. All the skills that require you to build an empire are ready for use, as well as the skills required to defend it. I see this title becoming a favorite among hardcore role-players.This is not a game that you play for 2 minutes and become the best, it is a working progress over time and requires you to work hard for what you get. But the sense of achievement is real :)Personally I would recommend joining servers with a skill cap of around 900-1000, this makes the game more interesting and forces you to group up with other people.There are bugs ingame, but they aren't hugely serious, for a title in its alpha (early access) its very nicely done and is updated/patched regularly.If thats not enough to make you decide, then listen to this; ""It will be released as an MMO"" (Honestly this is exciting)Highly Recommended."
,Recommended,290080,14002747,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Sparky,"While I will say the game is a fun concept and has alot of potential I would suggest staying away for the current moment. At this time the game suffers from many issues.The first and foremost is the bugs. Mines cause lag, every in game morning the game lags, crashes are constant during fights, and in all progression can be a tad weird.Another thing to note is the combat plays like a buggy mount and blade. Blocking doesnt stop an attack only mitigates it, and that only works a part of the time itself. Shields are difficult to use and most of their features are planned or promised. Armors seem useless with weapons like the warsythe that can kill you in one hit through armor.If you have the excess money I guess you could buy this game but I would suggest waiting for more features to be implemented and bugs to be worked out. But what can you expect from an Alpha?6.5/10"
76561198094533954,Recommended,290080,14174165,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Zee Captain,Really fun game met the lead dev Bobik at PAX South and really enjoyed talking to him. Keep it up guys next AAA title right here!
,Recommended,290080,31657796,Posted: 9 May,all,Terroritis,"This game is not for everybody. It can be pretty grindy, but it comes with some fun rewards. Great for teamwork and the combat systems are pretty engaging."
76561198067452816,Not Recommended,290080,32499852,Posted: 17 June,all,Smørrebrød,"Nice Idea and had a really nice start and i spend a few hundred hours in this game. Yes of course its grindy but well thats what i expected from a medival themed game where you can build cities etc.Now the negatives:Bugs. There are bugs that are unfixed since release on steam, but they rather add weird new metals that neither fit in a medival theme nor do they help, instead of fixing the bugs.The MMO. On release of Your Own on steam the developer stated that EVERY player of Your Own gets a character for free in the MMO - now you have to pay instead and only get a really small discount.Slacking Development. There is litteraly nothing happening anymore since month. No new Content, no bugfixes, nothing. And thats while it still didnt finish its Beta phase.Im not gonna write anything about grieving clans on multiplayer etc. as this is a players thing - you cant blame the game for its players.But in the end - should you buy this game? Maybe - if you dont mind the bugs and are playing on an enclosed server with friends. But the fun will only hold for a short time. Else? No dont spend a penny on it. The Developers ♥♥♥♥ed it up hard by neglecting it and patching stuff in that makes it almost unplayable in soloplayer."
76561198201164573,Recommended,290080,33057015,Posted: 30 June,all,supertonyno,"Great game , give it a chance!!!"
76561198071153678,Recommended,290080,22017918,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,MaX RaY 007,"Awesome game, can be slow to get started, recommend you find a group to have the most fun. The strength of the game is the attempt of realism... You start out with essentially nothing. Go to a tree, break off a branch, get a rock and some weeds.. and poof, you have an axe. You have to work for everything and all though its time consuming, its not difficult. When you get hungry you dont have to take on a wild boar or hope to find a carcass to devour, just dig in the grass for an edible root, or go to an apple tree and pick some apples.You wont be a master at everything in one day. You need to actually choose what direction you want to go. Want to focus on farming? Find a settlement that needs your crops to make armor and have them make you armor... want to be a carpenter? Trade your chests and furniture for weapons etc.You wont need to do meaningless quests, there are none. The game exist as it is, the story is what is actually happening, the bandits you encounter are real people that want your stuff... the alliances you form are with real people, the items you may find actually were made and belonged to some poor soul that met his demise by nature, or another player.There is no ""leveling up"". You dont need to reach level 25 to ride a horse... Gather some apples, find a wild horse and tame it. Build a stable, mate the horses and sell the offspring. If this all sounds tedious and boring then you probably wont like the game...The only complaint I have is the server wipes... I am eagerly awaiting the MMO with a persistent world because having you progress erased is the one total killer in this game. But still totally worth the money and time."
76561198151051802,Recommended,290080,22033366,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Echo4k,Great Game. Havent played much but have had it for a long time and watched it progress. Developers are active and show intrest in makeing the game fun. overall. i would get the game. But as a warning. it does take a long time to build things and building is very repetitve.
76561198081436867,Recommended,290080,22025723,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Landrell,this is the best game ive ever played and thats sayin something since ive been gaming since the late 80s when there where only word games i will say that it is a work in progress so if u expect a finished product u need to wait til its done but if u dont mind minor issues and like to watch a game develop it is for u it has aspects for all types of play styles and if u get tired of one thing there are plenty of other things to work on the devs put out patches regularly and the game gets better by the week the mmo will b out soon and there will b a whole world of new things to do and discover i have over 1300 hrs in game and look forward to thoudands of hrs moreps this game requires thought and planning dont think ur gonna jump in and master it in a few days and it does play better in a group so gst on and make a few friends b4 u start making enemies
,Recommended,290080,22081388,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Slaxar,"Tree walls got banned on my server, I've now been cutting trees for three days."
,Recommended,290080,23827146,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Saltti,"I think this game can be lot's of fun, but you really have to dedicate yourself to it. Also choosing your server makes a big difference too, RP servers are the most fun but be aware of the server rules.If you enjoy games like Rust then I'm sure you'll like this one too!"
76561198004390139,Recommended,290080,24018476,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,F.G.,Well I got this game 6 days ago i'm at 63h of play ... all I can say is that it is addictive and completely stealing my friends and I lifes.
,Recommended,290080,16799845,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Jinks,"Great game, needs work but worth it"
,Recommended,290080,22107099,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,stantonattree,"This is my ideal game.  If I use a local server, I can roam the wilds and build myself a home in a wonderful environment - perfect escapism - light a campfire and cook some food.  There are many crafting skills to learn, buldings and objects to create, crops to grow and animals to look after.  My laptop is probably minimum spec to play this game but the visuals are still great.I look forward to future developments.  Rivers would be nice along with the ability to build and sail boats.  Being able to sleep in the beds, sit on the chairs and have roaring log fire inside the house would also be great.  There are no birds (feathered) in my world but maybe that is because of my low spec laptop.This game would be truly awesome if it was ever made to work with VR."
19823813792713218,Recommended,290080,15177113,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,luminousMass,THIS IS UNALIKE I HAVE SEEN THIS IS THE BEST GAME FOR 2014
,Not Recommended,290080,33899441,Posted: 30 July,all,Bontee,"Was an amazing game, with a lot of potential, until the devs abandoned it."
76561198060929706,Recommended,290080,22409749,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Stevopithicus,I will start off by saying if you want to play this game you MUST either bring friends or make them. The game is not difficult to survive however thriving is a completely different story. With the amount of skills required to make even the simplist things (such as a set of armor) it is utterly impossible to do solo. That being said the game has alot of potential and I am excited to see it as it goes forward.
,Recommended,290080,12371805,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Oxide206,"I was a little wary buying into the this alpha, especially when I had never heard of the studio that makes it before. However, since buying it and joining a community that hosts a server, I have had an absolute blast.At the moment, this game is what you make of it. If you buy it and play on your own, things will be painstakingly slow and lonely. If you join an active server, or better yet an active community that hosts one, you will have fun learning to play and get into hilarious scenarios with other players.For those who say this game is like DayZ, they are right in the fact that you need to eat in both games, you can be killed in both games, and you can play both games in first or third person. Those are pretty much the only simliarities.This game is focused on cooperative gameplay as opposed to every man for themself. If you like working with others, even if it is to raise an army to raid another castle, then this game is for you.So far I give it a 9/10. (not a 10/10 because of alpha bugs, crashed etc). I will review this game again in a few months."
76561197973664976,Recommended,290080,12378523,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,mdennis1point1,"I like the era. The art is pretty good. It can be played solo, but the joy is going to be part of a community, with different specialists. Pricey for an early access. I'd give it another year, for it to be rounded out and to fix stability issues."
76561197982933051,Recommended,290080,12385561,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Evoda,"This game is amazing. Very stable for an Alpha beta, then again that could change because life is feudal."
76561198083235415,Recommended,290080,12502614,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,thedonser93,"I have pretty much had the best and worst of this game, In the sense that I have had the utter dissapointment of it not working at all just crashing. And on the other side Ive had it run perfectly fine for hours on end.I WOULD recommend this game as it is playable with a good bit of content for an alpha game, and unlike most early access games I feel as though this one WILL BE FINISHED someday.We have had consitient updates with big bug fixes and additions of new buildings, items and skills.The majority of my friends were put off by the initial price but once they were able to see it running and working they all op'ted in. I feel like when you purchase this game you are helping the dev team to finish the game not to line their pockets and leave you with the husk of what could have been great.I am really enjoying the time I am spending in the game and look forward to the finished product."
76561198127005843,Recommended,290080,12524488,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,farside,"Excellent game..., although it is dtill in Alpha mode."
,Recommended,290080,12548257,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Schlong-Dong Silver,"there are a lot of errors in this game so far which WILL be needed to proceed such as sometimes when you press to play the game it says that the game is already running. And when you are offline and press to play the game it says something about terminating. after a while, when i am creating a world it always says that the coder has stopped working and i have to quit. if all of the bugs are fixed then i would definately recommend this game as it has a good idea going but it still needs a lot more work done on it."
,Recommended,290080,13017991,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,JokersWild,"So far is pretty cool, but certainly needs some work on crafting and such.  If it were not for online guides I would not get anywhere at all.  I can not imagine this as an online game unless playing with friends.  Making my own server, was a task and a half getting materials and such.  I think will be a great game once some things get added and such though."
76561198079139558,Recommended,290080,13963921,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,DirtyWings,I for one enjoyed beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of one of my friends with a shield when ever they chose to give me cheek.
,Recommended,290080,17857690,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Emo Kid,I played it one and hit someone with this big shovel and he passed out so I kept hitting him all he had was cookies!!!!
,Recommended,290080,20116009,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,xGawdx,Great
,Recommended,290080,20316189,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Wizard Formerly Known as Shai,Worth a buy!
76561198005604591,Recommended,290080,20506876,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Reckonyx,"For those who say its slow! That is not entirely true, do the right assignment to level up faster and choose the right server for faster level up or gathering of stuff. I just started playing on the Medieval Kings server and having a good time.The game still has some bugs and other things developers need to work on!Fore those who consider buying this game remember this game has a learning curve and not all things will be figured out by yourself!In game you can use F1 for the tutorial or pressing Alt Tab and u can use YouTube for better understanding of matter.Hope to see you guy's"
,Recommended,290080,20516389,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,GrimmVonDoom,"This game is pretty fun when your playing with a group of friends....alot of Fueds though between houses and the drama is real.So you begin as a peasent and you work your way up to which ever profesion you choose....Mind your profesion. In a house there are many roles to play, from blacksmiths to healers, hunters Ect...You can also choose your style of combat...but these is where it gets kinda stupid....I was Full plated scalemail sparing with a friend who can be cancer sometimes...he had NO PROTECTION AT ALL and just A STAFF and was able to knock out TWO FULLY PLATED KNIGHTS WITH REAL WEAPONS, THIS is where the game is broken...NO ONE IN REAL LIFE should be able to knock out 2 Fully Plated Knights with a ♥♥♥♥ing stick...I couldent even land one blow on him.....so the combat system is broken IN THAT ASPECT..There are greifers and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s in the game...be sure to join a House with good people .."
,Recommended,290080,20521847,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,KawaRu  [BE],"If you like digging and shoveling, this is a game for you!10/10 Digging sim 2016***Never question why you like the game, you'll like it even though if you think about it there is no reason to like it!***"
,Recommended,290080,20672189,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Crossington,"Still has issues to work out, but it's improving."
76561198002642860,Recommended,290080,22853392,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,IcemanTheBloomy,epic10/10 would dig again
,Recommended,290080,23024618,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Ma9nUs Gaming,"this game is amazing i love it i have a good time on it however it does have many good things and bad things about it.pros:large amount of contentlarge landmassmany playersgreat RP PVP and PVE communitiesa lot of weapons and skillsa lot of different things you can dogreat for playing with friendsdecent graphicsa lot of different aspects that are great funcons:not fun by yourselffighting system is a bit odd (basically a M&B:W ripoff)needs some finishing but its close to being theretime consumingdepending on the settings you may need either more than one player or a large setting in order to do everything yourselfonly a few music tracks (gets annoying after a while)Life is Feudal: Your Own is an amazing game id give it a solid 77/100, id say if you like games like ark and wurm unlimited, this is a good game. it doesnt have much taming and it isnt all about battle. but it is a great building game it has awesome survival mechanics and it has many good things going for it.however it is TIME CONSUMING do not thing you are going to pick this up and be god in a week, this isnt ark or anything like that, this is so far from casual its not even funny. this can sometimes almost feel like a second job however it feels so much more rewarding when you do get things done. however by yourself it almsot feels impossible and it is a dragging along kind of feel.this is oe of my favorite games its like the content of wurm unlimited with the fun of ark and the gameplay of medieval engineers. it is a fun game overall and i would highly recommend it however i will admit this game isnt for everyone please dont buy this if you expect to get a quick play once for a few hours then look at my kingdom game, this is a play for 100 hours to get a small village and play 300 hours to get a small town kind of game.i like the challenge it creates and it is worth the money you pay for it. however i do not like the fact that part of that money is paying for an MMO version i never even wanted and sounds like a failure from the beginning.the money this costs should be going to this game i do not want the MMO, and i think if the devs wanted money they should have started a kickstarter not stole the money used to produce this game."
76561198104330958,Recommended,290080,23057819,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,candw2,This is one of the most fun games I've played in a while. It lets you build in endless ways and when YOu build something it give you a very high sence of satisfaction. I recomend it to anyone who loves to imerse thereselves in a game and apperciate it for what it is. If you want to pvp a lot this game isn't for you.
76561198076623861,Recommended,290080,23085905,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Definitely not KennyS,Grate game! I have rly big hopes about MMO version!
,Recommended,290080,23376044,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,MelloPanda,"Great gme for the asking price. My new motto isEat, sleep, LiF, Repeat"
,Recommended,290080,35431743,Posted: 2 October,all,Hutoro,paid for this to fund the mmo. Was worth the purchase for the hours i put into it.
,Recommended,290080,12515126,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,mbrockett95,"I only recommend this because I'd feel bad for blaming the devs for my incompetence.They have an awesome idea. The crafting system seems very in-depth, and the graphics COULD be amazing. I'm a halfwit, however, and I blindly paid $40 for a game that my setup will never be able to run. I may as well be trying to play Skyrim on my TI-84.Moral of the story, don't buy unless you have a computer capable of spacetravel, or you have $40 you'd like to see taunt you with its beauty, knowing you can never hold it again."
76561198091157864,Recommended,290080,12515259,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,moh,My game continuously crashes about 7/10 times... please fix.. otherwise it's an amazing game!
76561198031331592,Recommended,290080,17963015,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,JewFro,It says Local server cant be accessesed when i try to play single player
,Recommended,290080,12459903,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Anax of Rhodes,"I'm not sure why I'm enjoying this game, but I am, lol.Life is Feudal combines the persistent world antics of DayZ, tech progression of Minecraft, and combat mechanics of Mount & Blade to make a fantastic Medieval MMO.  The skill branches and attribute allocation are the most logical and satisfying I've yet seen in an RPG.  This is a very intelligently-designed game with a lot of potential going for it.Yes, it's in alpha, but runs fairly well.  FPS drops and server crashes notwithstanding, there's plenty to do in the game and lots more on the way.  If persistent worlds are your thing, such as Rust or DayZ, you'll love Life is Feudal. :-D"
76561198086223850,Recommended,290080,13324498,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,swedishpopsensation,"this is the game i have been waiting for for years.  ive had it only a few days and havent played any other games at all.  there are endless possibilies and the game seems poised to somehow add to 'endless' as time goes on.  i am extremely excited by the developers plans and will be raising my piety skill to pray for the completion of the game in its entirety.to players: buy the game if you want a realistic sandbox game in a medieval setting with extensive crafting options and what appears to be the foundation (for now) of an excellent combat system (considering it is not the focus of the game).to devs (if theyre listening):  love the game, love the plans i know of.  ive been recommending the game to just abou everyone i know who plays.  keep up the great work."
76561198122981305,Recommended,290080,14746059,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,"Doc,Blackriver",THIS GAME IS JUST AWESOME
,Recommended,290080,28341234,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Fortizar,"Over 1000 Hours and love the game just as much as i did on day 1, Just dropped £70 on the gold pack for the mmo version too this game is seriously addictive and super fun building towns with friends."
76561198052574541,Not Recommended,290080,28618691,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Frimber,"This game is Ninety-Million ideas and a whole lot more unfinished business and the fact that I've owned it for months and haven't wanted to touch it after 30 hours of gameplay says something.In it's current state I really don't get along with this game. The experience can be rewarding if you have 5 other people helping you, have the rates set to maximum or simply no life. I don't have to check on my real life dog as often as I have to go clean the coop in this game.The inventory system is a bloody mess. You can't carry much, but that isn't my qualm. My problem is that finding things in your inventory is a nightmare, and finding things in a container is worse. I've never seen an inventory system this badly plotted out. The concept was cool, but everything looks good on paper.Horseback riding is still a living nightmare. They get stuck on bushes, have no AI, which might be good considering they trip over bugs. Your rider is glued to the saddle so you rock and sway nauseously in first and third person. If you run into your friend you may get stopped dead and thrown. If you miscalculate running beside a target you stop dead and are thrown. It's just BAD. Barbie did it better, people. Horses are a major part of this game. Fix it.Combat is... Naw. Just. Won't go there. Right now. Can't handle it. It's bad.Chopping trees, moving logs and trying to build a house is grand and all, but when you can't lay your equipment, tools, materials and other things out on the ground and you HAVE to build 50 barrels to hold it all so you can make more nails you have a problem. All this realism preaching and we can't simply put something down without destroying it. Not to mention your area to build has to be flatter than my front yard so have fun literally moving dirt for 8 hours.The head bob needs to be worked on bad. All the animations need to be smoothed. You will get sick. Have fun.I understand all the options for stuff when you click an item. That's ok. There's a lot of things you can do with a tree. I don't like that it takes so much time and I can't just auto repeat tasks. There's tedium and then there's ""I hate my players"".There is so much depth to this game that is being squandered because every single thing about it is so unfinished. From just walking around and building a campfire to building your castle. I would not recommend buying this game in its current state. At all."
76561198011609977,Recommended,290080,12335512,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Mylo-s,I made an axe and decided to kill a wolf with it. Got killed by the wolf and resurrected with no clothes on me. I would never do this in real life. 10/10
,Not Recommended,290080,13810102,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,⋊ Numb ⋉,"I had very good expectations from this alpha, it looked good.I spent hours watching How-To videos on Youtube or people's first day experiences etc, I was pretty excited to buy it and try it out, I knew there are lots of bugs, glitches, and missing things.I found a server, clicked join. I examined the art work for a few minutes. Then I went to get some tea. And still, it was loading. I said, its the first time I'm running the game, I should wait, and I went to get another tea. I went to my balcony and smoked a ciggarette, I came back, still loading? What the heck?And my game was still loading for 20 minutes, seriously, what the ♥♥♥♥? I have a high-end PC(HD 7970, i5-3570k OC 3.9Ghz), 16GB RAM, 2TB HDD.Recently formatted the HDD and Windows, everything is clean.And I've been able to get in-game only ONCE, do you know how annoying this is?Nah, I seriously don't recommend you buying this game in its current state, waste your money on other things. Maybe they need it for development, well then they should fix this damn loading time, lots of people experience it, google it up.So, no."
,Recommended,290080,20171416,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,*SoGz*Gabriel,Good game still has some bugs but the Devs are quick at fixing and responding
,Recommended,290080,12289442,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,WearyWanderer,"This game has everything that a consumer of the sandbox-building rpg world variety recent flurry of Early Access games needs. The devs are VERY committed to staying on touch with to community on all platforms, and already in release week we saw 3 patches to the game.One of the best crafting systems I've ever came across, coupled with an excellent balancing of the economical/resources system ensuring all items are always valuable. Top that off with the potential to slowly turn into a Mount & Blade killer, this game has a lot to offer already and is constantly growing. 10/10 even in the earliest of states, I cannot reccomend enough."
,Recommended,290080,12444395,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,✪ Stazza,"AMAZING!Okay the gameplay itself is astonishing. I have never played something of this quality. BUT.There are a few things that needs tweaking (YES I KNOW ITS ALPHA) but the thing is there is actually no way of creating a storage box of any sort in the early stages it requires mid level skills and well playing on my own server with 10X xp was a huge grind and the LiF server is going to be set at 1.As for the landscape WOW  it is pretty damn beautiful. The sun shining through the leaves of the trees flickering on the water and the waves wash up onto the sand, I have spent half of my gameplay admiring the mere beauty of the environment. Except for 2 occasions where I felt like I was going to fall to the pits of hell because of a few glitch spots in the landscape.Some sounds are also a little bit out of sink but obviously will be fixed later. Also some crafting times and skill times take a lot longer than they should I mean even opening a sack takes a good 3 seconds when you just want to look in it an be done.Overall the game is fantastic, obviously needs a few tweaks here and there as there are a few bugs that need attention for the next update. The realism is quite refreshing and fun in a gritty this is taking too long type of way. In comparrison to Minecraft and Rust once all of the features are active and even before release I believe this game is going to blow them out of the water. It is already coming close to it.For those of you borderline wanting to buy and not sure because you don't want something that is going to be a dead end, the quality of this game and the work that has already gone into it assures me that the devs are going all the way.10 / 10"
,Recommended,290080,12544479,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Sujay,"As it stands right now, this game has potential. It is a fun game to play but gets boring quickly due to the slight lack of interesting things to do. It took me and a 2 others around 3 days to even get a small village up and by that i mean three small huts, some flat land, furnace and a anvil. To add as well, it's not very well optimised at all."
76561198086518147,Recommended,290080,13550499,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Tubby,good game. You need a good computer to run
76561198211121295,Recommended,290080,20037110,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Ryuichi Isaburou,Maybe in the beginning its so hard after u gain many friend and respect you can unite and build a landso you must try this game
76561198014934703,Recommended,290080,20536886,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Elktus Daily,"This game is very large in scope, until you can breed your own animals, have your tools and armor which can be repaired. With glitches, walls become useless and with judgement hours, many days work can be undone while you aren't online. Once they release the MMO version, which this game is really a testing bed for, one that you pay for the privilage of testing for the company, it might be worth playing.Jump in, have your fun, but don't stick around after the new game smell wears off. A short term game at best, like most survival games these days."
76561198137427876,Recommended,290080,22685946,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,deluccawork,"I can’t even make a smith hammer and I have studied ancient mason work and Iron Age and well and copper age work, the wood burns too fast and it is complete crap, I can’t even have a few seconds to make anything."
76561197988486708,Recommended,290080,23050947,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Squidlord91,This game is hardcore. Nothing is handed to you and everything can be taken.Very well rounded system and the combat system will really surprise you.Tech trees have specal abilitys and once you rebind your keys and move the action bars around a bit it really feels like your playing an mmo.10/10   50h played in 4 days.If you enjoy the fruits of labour and enjoy carving out your own patch of land then this game is for you.
,Recommended,290080,13582125,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,GamingMantis,"Yes, this game is great. I r8 8/8 m8"
76561198028974236,Recommended,290080,31258129,Posted: 20 April,all,ℛ𝓲𝓷𝓷𝔃𝓾,I came for the Sean Bean. I stayed for the Amazing Gameplay and community.
,Not Recommended,290080,34457413,Posted: 24 August,all,[SoL] MindFlayer,"This project is not worth following, let alone buying.A quintessential example of how Early Access devs can get away with taking the money and running."
76561198072485016,Recommended,290080,24747950,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,PlagueB,"This one has the potetional to be THE SANDBOX for all the lovers of the genre. Still a long way to go but depth is incredible. It feels like Wurm Online with good graphics (but dont mistake one for another please, both are unique in own way).One word of STRONG advice: Play in a group. Solo play is only for PVE or RP servers but MMO will be cutthroat world without something like empire in EVE to protect solo players. The world is wild and life is feudal, which means ""let me kill you and take your stuff"" for most players. Not Rust evil, but expect Rust-kind-of crowd at the start. Hence my recommendation to find a good group of players. You have been warned:)"
76561198037874752,Recommended,290080,32297490,Posted: 9 June,all,Xcaliber,"I like the game. It is very tedious at times, but so what. Lots of games are way to easy and quickly become boring. That will not happen here. You live just as someone did say 200-300 years ago. If you want a house you gather and build.  You are not a walking encyclopedia. You learn to do things just as in real life.  Hungy? I suggest you go hunting or fishing because mcdonalds is not just around the corner.  It may not be perfect, and the developers NEED to finish it, but it  is a time sink that is worth your ....time."
76561198142431472,Recommended,290080,23664537,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Lucius Julius Libo,Awesome and fun
76561198178013374,Recommended,290080,16907367,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Luismcq,Excelent game....the crafting is amazing and the pvp makes it even better
76561198028690361,Recommended,290080,16804768,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Elwin,"There's something soothing and peaceful about the crafting and farming side of this game.  You have very few storage options, and none at the start, so you have to get into the habit of only taking from the land what you absolutely need.  You can optimise the trees you find by paying attention to their quality, and before long you're surrounded only by big, green, healthy looking trees.  As long as you start somewhere close to water, clay, and game you'll have what you need to start your little settlement.The game needs a lot of work and refinement still, and has a lot of minor but recurring issues with its GUI setup, but once you get the hang of that it's pretty smooth sailing.  There are some issues with very basic things (like once you close the pop-up message box, which you almost have to, you can only exit the game by commanding the server to stop with ""quit();"" and then ending the process for the client through Task Manager) and there are problems with you needing to know so much about how to start before you do.  Tunnels are never clear exactly how they'll end up when you start them (so you might not be able to get out without the /stuck command), you need granite to make castle walls (the only way to level up your architecture skill--besides half making the walls with just the rocks then destroying them--which you need to build the keeps) which is only found in the centre mountain.All that said, it is a very enjoyable game once you get going with it.  After you make your  first full volley of mistakes, anyway, and are willing to start again in hopes that you'll make fewer of them and actually be able to get somewhere.Also a boar took over my little village briefly, and knocked me out and stood around like a smug little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ every time he saw me until I could take his ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out.  Now my little village has bacon."
,Recommended,290080,28892095,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,big steve,"So I came back to this after release and can I say, it has progressed so well. Don't be fooled by playing it on your own. THIS GAME MUST BE PLAYED WITH OTHERS YOU WILL NEVER DO ANYTHING ALONE!!!!This game at first doesn't strike you as much but once you get into it I'm 20 hours into this server with a few guys I met and its so worth it.I admitt the start is kind of boring but once you get past that hour or two and with a little guiding this game becomes so enticing, the grinding is slow but SO rewarding and addicting, frankly the combat is fun and scary, if you're on an RP server it's a really great atmosphere.Overall to sum it up this game provides a chilled, very rewarding grind with intense moments that really keep you here.The RP is good and the MMO looks really well, ignore the bad reviews, don't be such a millenial and actually give it a chance, this is early access however they sure have kept their word!!!See for yourself!"
,Not Recommended,290080,34023700,Posted: 4 August,all,a fluffy bunny,"Bought years ago as early access. Stopped playing because it was boring as there were not enough friends playing it. Tried it again now as content has been extended. Stuck in loading for 10min tried to solve it (apparently many others have the issue as well), but no solution worked. Too bad no refund is possible. Lesson learned like with so many other early access games. It’s a scam, they’re selling you a cat in a bag."
76561198019686842,Not Recommended,290080,31925717,Posted: 23 May,all,XConY3K,"Don't bother with LIF. I wish I hadn't bought it.It's a buggy, clunky, crash-test dummy of a game. Not sure how the MMO will end up, but LIF:YO ended my interest.The game does have good qualities. I really liked:Waking up on a beach, naked, and have to survive by building tools.Crafting & laying animal snares to catch live rabbits & chickens.Learning more of animal lore, taming pigs, horses & sheep.Building coops, barns & stables to house my animals.Cleaning coops, barns & stables to keep my animals clean & healthy.But the bad qualities far outweight the good. Why waste time playing the game when:You can be bounced in the air, then fall to your death (losing skills) by digging. Or dumping dirt on the ground. Or walking over a hill. Pretty much any movement you make can do this.You use keyboard and mouse to control your character - that is, when you are able to do so. Simple UI activities like opening inventory & clicking items sometimes confuses the game, which removes the cursor - it felt so clunky. Like playing games back in 1995 was clunky.Those coops, barns & stables you built have two states: Clean, or Dirty. If it's dirty, any animal inside will die. Sometimes they stay Dirty even after you clean them, and permanently kill any animal you put in.That last bullet is what killed it for me. I'd built 6 coops, 2 barns, 1 stable - and all of them now are permanently ""Dirty"". Any animal I put in there dies within minutes. No way I'm going to rebuild it all just to have it happen again.For me, life in this game wasn't Feudal, and it certainly wasn't Fun. It was Fu**ed up."
,Not Recommended,290080,28816465,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Emiel Regis Terzieff-Godefroy,Launched game. Crashed. Tried again 4 times. Kept crashing. My computer exceeds recommended requirements but the game engine is too buggy to run itself on its own max settings. And they're asking over $30 for this? What a goddamn joke.
,Recommended,290080,23657541,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Hechmo,Great game and definitely a grind so do not purchase if you cannot understand that!  You have options to be a one-man show or go with a community (highly-recommended).  GM's could use some rules themselves but for the most part it is good.  Community based and newbie help is always available to those who join throughout all the servers I played on.  You start with rags for clothing and can build an empire.  Crafting is very indepth and while it is a lot of work it is very rewarding when you need good armor and food.  Brewing and cooking are fun with great perks for eating high quality dishes.  Buy the game now for practice before the MMO that will be masterful!
76561198034431847,Recommended,290080,12576731,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Ivanator,"The game is very good, alot of potential and worth the price for the amount of time you will spend just learning how to play it. If you get this game you will have days, weeks and months of fun. One warning however, be sure to pick a server that has a good set of rules and a GM that is very active, this game can bring out the worst in people. Beware of the trolls, work with people and always remember Life is Feudal."
,Recommended,290080,12588169,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,That Guy,Start Game: CTDClick Options: CTDCreate character: CTDJoin Server: CTDHarvest Branch: CTDCraft First Item: CTDMove pile of dirt: CTDGet Killed by wolf: CTDBuild House: CTDExit game: CTD10/10 Best CTD simulator ever devised.
,Recommended,290080,12618684,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,n0.skill,"This game has a lot of potential. The only problem is that they do not have enough developers to push patches quickly. I am sure with the purchasing of this game thought, that they will be able to hire more devs and push updates more regularly. This game is highly unstable for the moment, but that can change soon. They are activly working on fixing crashes and bugs and pushing new content to the game. Buy the game and support the companies development of it. =)"
,Recommended,290080,12633131,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Phalanx,"After reading alot of negative reviews of people who have played the game less than 10 hours i'd formost like to start with the negatives. So bear with me there aren't many considering this game is early access.Negatives-1. Yes its buggy.  (not sure about people saying about constant client crashes i've played 50 hours and had 3 client crashes)2. Yes alot of functions aren't implimented (early access)3. The game play can seem like a grind, its slow moving, and the game definately requires team work.4. Wolves are OP, no way if i whack a wolf with a sword 10 times is it getting up to still take bites out of me.5. Graphics seem to take a toll on my machine, i can run battlefield 4 on ultra with no graphic lag but for some reason if i don't drop the graphics in this game i get alot of graphic lag.POSITIVES!1. Time investment is rewarding - I spent hours cutting logs, while my friend spent hours making nails and metal bands, while another friend spent hours flattening a large area.  At the end we sat on a hill over looking our 50-60 palisade wall settlement and said... f**k yeah.2. A Sense of community.  I am a GM on an aussie server called ""Aussie LIF"" open trade between settlements gives u a sense of diplomacy!3. Team work is fantastic, no better feeling!4. Even though incomplete i've sunk 50 hours into this game, i know not much compared to some people but i feel like i could play it for days on end if i had the time5. Going for a stroll, take a walk, smell the roses so to speak.  No other game of this genre that i have played has created the amazing beauitful atmosphere i have seen in this game.6. DANGER - A real sense of danger, will a wolf be sitting behind a tree, will you stumble across a band of thieves and murderers while you travel to a neighbouring village.7. If you want realism, if you want a hard core drop into medieval time period this game is for you!  If you want a mine craft hit a block 6 times with a pick and u have stone sadly i think you should probably stick to mine craft because this isn't for you."
76561198078313897,Recommended,290080,12747295,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,feller,I love this game. Just... FIX THE FLUX GRIND!
76561198007267377,Recommended,290080,12859028,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Khalifa1990,"Awesome Game, Need some work but so farr SICK, Need more updates and faster please."
,Recommended,290080,13028215,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Kane,Life is Feudal is the best RPG game ive ever played you build your way up in a select few specialisations weather it be from logging and carpentry to hunting and gathering or building the game itself is beutiful to look at and beutiful to play obviusly for an early access game there are its bugs and crashes but i can honestly say the game has crashed twice and im sure that was down to my computers drawbacks before the new graphics cardThe games price is a little on the high side but still worth every penny i mean if your looking for a game that will make you work at your charecter and have you build up from nothing to a lord or a king of your own villege then its worth the $30 or here £25 i think its going for here in the uk.  Still worth the money in my oppinion so hope to see you out in the woods
,Recommended,290080,20402647,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Imperfecticable,Is very nice
76561198008638862,Recommended,290080,28343686,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,DawnStrider,great game to play for building and crafting receipes fun if you enjoy rp and have a group of friends as it is time consuming
76561198260263974,Not Recommended,290080,30485727,Posted: 12 March,all,Faxanadu,"A decent idea, but poor interface, clunky even on a nvidia gtx 1060. Last thing I want to do when I get off work is go to another grind that is in Life is Futile. Because that's what this game world is.. futile. I suppose it could be fun for some who haven't discovered better games. There goes $40 down the drain."
76561198202587781,Recommended,290080,31062845,Posted: 10 April,all,M0N5T3R#2,"Really realistic, and complex in recepies and crafting."
,Recommended,290080,12810823,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,macer9875,Pretty solid game in alpha. missing alot of content but the mechanics are very on point.  The team is putting alot of effort into making sure this game lives up to what they want.
,Recommended,290080,14199590,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Jesta Qwky,"This game... is so rough around the edges. I just want to throw that out there before I even begin to comment on what it offers.I have played 200+ Addictive hours of this slow paced/fast paced game (Depending on what you're doing as you're doing it)Starting off; you start with nothing... or what might as well be nothing, you have rags to wear and some cookies to eat. You're thrown off into this medival world, where people you come across might want to kill you, animals you come across might want to kill you. Food will be scarce to start, unless you find a glorious apple tree. I assure you these aren't great aspects to a starting player. There is no tutorial, you have to rely heavily on your own understanding and wiki help, and youtube help, and even other players from time to time. You have no knowledge of what these skills do that you are leveling, and no idea what your stats really mean. So here is a quick heads up for anyone that may be interested.Strength; it's main function is equipment capacity; the stronger you are the less over burdened you are by what you are wearing. This makes you run faster even if you're bogged down in full armor. It also allows you to pull carts and other heavy things a little bit faster, but that is pretty negliable.Agility; over all I find any benefit of this skill to be negliable and not worth wasting stat allocation for it. It's use is to slightly increase swing speed, and movement speed(Not helpful if you're bogged down my armor) even at a high agility the move speed while naked is only 2-3Constitution; Increases your total health pool, allowing you to take more damage than previously.Willpower; This is likely my favorite stat to level up, here's why, the higher your willpower the more you can carry in your inventory AND the higher your stamina pool is, this means you can swing more, carry more, and rest less.Intelligence; I find this one to be worth less than agility. As of right this moment, one point in intelligence translates to one extra skill point that you can get in your skills. So.. if you have a skill cap of 600, you could have 601 if you are sitting at 11 intelligence.Skills... are for a wiki to help you, or for your own brain to figure out.Let's start with reasons this game pisses me off!This game likes to eat hours of work. Flux is a very time consuming resource to get, and it takes a lot of it to make steel, which is used for a multitude of buildings and items. If you don't have all the material, or the right tools equipped, or enough space in your inventory.. you will try to complete something, and it will fail.. but it is likely to have just eaten your locks, or flux, or some hard to get material. I've lost entire steel ingots due to not having my crucible equipped when I tried to melt them down.... let's see... Gathering herbs is a painstaking process, which is rife with clutter and a need for a chart to keep track of what they do, since it is different for each character (This means there will be a chart for any new character that you start because it won't be the same as your previous). Griefing; everyone knows it's a thing, in any multiplayer game, there will always be someone out to grief others. This game currently has people that jump your walls by using a floatly log 'glitch' It's not even a glitch, it's just too much freedom of placement.  But that's not the worst, because you can lock your stuff up inside of your houses, or warehouses and have them claimed so that no one can even intereact with them(Which... is another irritation if you have a group of friends) The worst... as it stands is most definitely that players can tunnel almost anywhere, and ruin the ground in your base, admins cannot remove this making sqaures in the area of the started tunnel that cannot be touched. And then the worst of it all so far... people deleting your half or almost fully built object. Say something requires 5000 stone 1400 clay 150 boards and 2 gate house modules (This is a stone gatehouse) someone... anyone with a construction level of 0 or higher can deconstruct it with no penalty destroying an hour or more of work depending how many people you have working on it.Now that all my hate for this game is out... how about the reason why I recommend it.This game... is really fulfilling, every time you build a wall, or a house, or anything that pushes you into a comfortable direction...you will feel giddy, and proud. All of the work you put into making your base, is worth it, because you can look at it in the end and be like.. ""I made this."" And it takes work, like... getting off of work, to work on a video game... that doesn't sound fun, but there are many aspects of this game, you just need to work to get to the rest. You can't make weapons right away. So you can't just join a server, make a sword, and attack anyone you find, you can still attack, but you might only have primitive stuff. There is a level of detail and realism in this game that you don't find in rust, or games similar. You want light? Too bad, go pick herbs until you have naptha... Still no light? Make a lamp. Combat.. It's fun, but there are no fast heals. You get whooped, but got away? Great, now recover, if you have a friend with healing, they can speed the process to a slow pace instead of like watching paint dry. And the kicker... you get wounded, and bleed, and need surgery, you get bones fractured, and need reallignment. There are all sorts of weapons; spears, swords(1handed and 2handed), axes and maces, shields, polearms, 2hand hammers, 2h axes, slings, thrown weapons(knives and tomahawks and darts I believe), crossbows, bows... Armors; chainmail, scale, padded, leather, plate. Best part... you have to work up to a point where you can use these things, so you can't be a combat god from day one. regardless of how good you are at combat, you need to work it up. It's a fun time sink for you and your friends, you can raid peoples towns, and go to war, make alliances, trade, host pvp arena's make people your slaves... It's addictive for a reason.There are annoying things but I rate this game 9/10 for the fact that at the time of this review it is 0.2 Alpha, and is so absurdly fun and playable."
76561198097516633,Recommended,290080,28704532,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,RavensRevenge72,One Of The Best Games Ever
76561197965472664,Recommended,290080,22767945,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Slave326667,"I seriously hope this company continues to improve and accel at more and newer games.Life is feudal has a higher learning curve, even for a survival gamer, but it's full of amazing impliments, the tutorial that occasionally pops up, sometimes includes youtube videos on how to complete an action. There is a lot of fun to be had with this one and I always love to support devs that use technology to their advantage. Buy, and enjoy the fact that you are supporting a new type of game development process."
,Recommended,290080,23244949,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,The Fastest Man in Asia,Good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198182759241,Recommended,290080,31069786,Posted: 10 April,all,VHDrezzit,This game is a tough but rewarding grind. Find a good group of people and you can may anything happen and quickly.  Once you have your home setup move on to Role Playing and taking down the competition.
,Recommended,290080,12813039,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,TheJiveGoblin,"This is one of the most complete early access games I've played too date.  Even in its buggy state this game its incredible.  The crafting system is one of the deepest and richest I've seen.  It is a very time consuming game(some servers more so than others depending on the settings) but the feeling you get from finally finishing your walls and gatehouse or your warehouse or whatever is unexplainable, its that feeling of accomplishment found in very few other games, akin to the feeling of finally defeating a boss in Dark Souls.  The combat feels like equal parts of Chivalry and Mount&Blade, which is not a bad thing.  All that aside this is still in alpha and is prone to bugs and somewhat frequent crashes, which normally would turn me off of a game until it reaches a more stable state but the rewarding gameplay is strong enough that I barely think twice about just relaunching the client to get back into it.  This game is already a ton of fun and with a bunch of features and options still to be implemented can only get better.  If the devs deliver on half of whats being planned this game is going to be a must own for crafting and survival gamers."
,Recommended,290080,18683583,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,TheGreenLing,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TkZ2w-1Jb9k&index=1&list=PL3g25GfHOMYeoyc4qWJ43UKADmAcge7Lh
76561198126489238,Recommended,290080,12709190,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,MalakiArtook,if you hate midevil combat and roleplaying then great. because this game is mostly about digging up dirt.
,Recommended,290080,20497917,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Micky,++++1
,Recommended,290080,15121322,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Lloyd,This game is very fun!It can be a bit boring in the start tho.Sometimes you get a little bored of the game but if you come back some weeks later the game feels like you just bought it again.
76561198084186983,Recommended,290080,20300950,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,PLmea,This game is to complicated for me :))).
76561197990299280,Recommended,290080,26070466,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,EliteHebel,"this game is very promising, i love the way this game is developing.the design and stucture is very interesting, its very time comsuming, but if you are looking for a game with some satisfaction about what you can accomplish with building, harvesting, survival, fighting (fighting mechanics are very bad)this is the game to keep folowing in the future. i would not recommend this game at this stage. but then again, it is very interesting and fun to play. we should give the developers a chance and support,cant wait how it wil be when alpha is launching."
,Not Recommended,290080,34538158,Posted: 27 August,all,The Noid,This game is just hours of empty grind. It takes half an hour just to find some flint. Better off just buying something like Kingdoms or Medival Engineers they are cheaper too
,Recommended,290080,34695585,Posted: 2 September,all,Deygus,"I'll be short and straight to the point.I like this game so I recommend it for the most part but, it's only good if you are lucky enough to find someone or even a group to play it with otherwise it gets dull soloing everything very quickly.Additionally, everything takes FOREVER to do in the game so if you're expecting to build a house in 5 minutes or less you're in the wrong place. This game is great but, it's also extremely realistically time consuming for days on end which is what you have to do to enjoy it decently."
,Not Recommended,290080,35453477,Posted: 3 October,all,boo314,"So regardless of negative opinions I bought this game.I started game on local to figure out what I have to do.First impression? Everything is new and fresh! Great!Build in tutorial is a big help.Then you are facing first problems.Leveling attributes? Months with normal ratings... Just boring. You have to spend huge time of grinding to just get standard abilities like bulding, mining,, woodcutting etc.So I get back to the local game settings, busted up ratios and started again.Leveling up fixed.I tried to build few things, screwed few times and faced first big problem: building something which take more than one square of space.To do that you have to level the terrain. This is slow as hell. Additionally you only know (as far as I am aware) when something is right leveled when you are trying to place some build. No big deal, right? Hella big deal. To place something you have to: point to the right square, click Q, from the context menu choose Construction, then build, then from the list select thing which you want to build, if you select wrong square you have to ajust the placing of the building. And this procedure is what you have to do, every freaking time when you are not sure if something is leveled right or not.This is insane...Another thing: logic of the skills unlock order.You can cut down the tree, but if you want to do anything with the log, you have to level up another skill by gathering fiber. And not like ""oh 20 fiber and we are cool. More like ""you get 12415351234 fiber? You are half way through!"".Another lack of logic. Building works like that: you are selecting where you want to build something (e.g. campfire) so you put a sign on the selected square, then bring required materials and build.Until you level up the same skill with fiber gathering, you are able to place this sign, but you are not able to cancle that operation... Why? Because removing such sign is called ""deconstruction"" and is a skill from the Construction ability.From my whole 2 hours experience with this game I get frustrated around 10 times.Really bad for game which was released in 2015!!!At least Steam refund works perfectly!"
,Recommended,290080,19150406,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,[AdoniS] Ozel,"This game is great! Developers improve the game pretty good and its immersive once you learn what to do or how to do... The only con is the server system since developers will open a huge server in future this is not a problem. Playing on the server: ""[EU] ALL WELCOME "" rightnow and its great!"
76561198116256872,Recommended,290080,19226333,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,YaBoiPete,GreatGame!
76561198143446910,Recommended,290080,19287189,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,TKH2000,Libya ♥♥♥♥ yea
76561198076737693,Recommended,290080,22662081,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,steve,"I don't usually post reviews for games as we all have our own tastes and what one person may enjoy another often dislikes, with that said however I had to say something about this game. I've tried a few of the so called sandbox survival genre games but never really felt that imersed by them and always thought they lacked something. That was however until I stumbled upon this gem!The game is highly imersive and very addictive, harvest are affected by the weather, crafting has multiple strands so nobody can be the master of all trades and the scope for good RP is great. I've been fortunate enough to be able to join a fantastic RP server and well I think my number of game hours say it all really.ProsThe game doesn't hold your handNice graphics, with day & night & seasonsTrue sandbox, be a farmer, craftsman, noble, bandit or whatever you wantTrue sense of achivementskills improve with useConsCan be daunting if you don't give it the timeCombat takes some getting used to"
76561198012882768,Recommended,290080,24310448,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Camel Baron,Alot of people give this game♥♥♥♥♥♥sure the combats a little bit clunky and the game is a huge grind and some players gave it the nickname loading bar simulator but if you give it time and get with a guild you will like it more
76561198141216129,Not Recommended,290080,28359316,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Jkincaid2012,"Well, the game use to be amazing, but was annoying to grind. I quit playing it for some time though due to optimization issues. Well a year later and still not optimized. I have a Gtx980 and barely get 30fps on high."
76561198021807027,Recommended,290080,14219464,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Mostly Mortal,Bring Friends.11/10
76561198105697239,Recommended,290080,32065231,Posted: 30 May,all,hiebert20,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome if you have a lot of free time, not a game to pick up for an hour or 2 every couple days though."
76561198023198387,Recommended,290080,13854283,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,_Caball3ro_,This game is bringing the fate back into the early access games...I hope it will keep on heading towards the way where it's heading now... the RIGHT one!
76561198116481452,Recommended,290080,15078909,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Airbiscuit123,"Just the game I have been waiting for!! The sheer amount of things you can do on this game is amazing! I play this daily because I do not own another game as good (And I have a lot). I look forward to every update.Keep up the good work,Airbiscuit123"
,Not Recommended,290080,32068030,Posted: 30 May,all,HillbillyJoker,"I was an ardent supporter of this game when it first came out. I bought it in anticipation and support of the MMO (I actually bought 2 copies). After many, many delays, bugs, unkept promises I decided to take a break. I returned to find that in order to play the MMO Beta I must once again buy the game. This is not what was promised. While the game is fun I would not waste the money or time and just wait until the MMO comes out. Yes, you ARE promised a charecter slot when the MMO releases but I am getting that sick feeling this will be come a PayToPlay/PayToWin senario. Use caution."
,Not Recommended,290080,32014348,Posted: 28 May,all,Goninon,Still insanely buggy and poorly optimized. Game has a very early alpha feel to it.
76561198082667294,Not Recommended,290080,28723478,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,BigDikBigOne,"The grind... The grind is real!If you want hours of grinding upon hours of grinding... With some more grinding.. Oh and there's some more grinding.. First you have to grind.. Oh yeah... Grind. All the things you see in the trailer and pics of the dude with the bow and sword and armor or house WILL TAKE YOU FOREVER! Not saying this is bad, as the grind to reward ratio is awesome. It is one of the most rewarding feeling when you grind your♥♥♥♥♥off for that house and what not, but when your finished it's kinda like♥♥♥♥♥♥.. It was only a house.. All in all, if you can handle the grind, and you like the medieval aspect then BUY IT by all means it is a good game. Just make sure you have a PC that can handle it."
76561198007077030,Recommended,290080,35069239,Posted: 19 September,all,zapyote,"Consider that i've played this for 102 hrs. That said I think it's a remarkable game with great potential.  It's remarkable because it's terraforming system incorperates a ""quality"" system, has a diversity of trees,  potential for raiding and inner tribal warfare.  I saw potential because you can find servers with warmongers or hobbits.  The issues I have with the game are with the trees, water, and expensive construction system.  At the start the trees provide too little resources compared to the demands of the projects, particularly walls.  Deforestation is a significant issue on servers and even if trees are replanted they don't have suffcient quality to meet demand (ie 7 Q oak trees).    The lack of a sificticated water system is a big problem.  There should be springs or ponds at least scattered around the board, if not flowing water.  I appricaite them working with the claim system.  Sure people want to raid stuff and folks want to be able to build without getting all their stuff stolen, that's a delicate balance.  The ability to raid should be as arduous as crafting and biulding.  I sum, I recommend this game"
76561197990367971,Not Recommended,290080,26613553,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Brother Henning Klovekorn,"Graphics good and the idea great. Unfortunately this game has been overdesigned. You can waste hours collecting branches and figuring out how many leaves and bits of bark you need to make a teapot, or you can go and find another game which makes more useful reward for your labours. I gave it a few hours and realised to get to the point where I may have interest in the game, I will be a year older and I dont have time to waste. Pitty because this could have been something special. Instead I am sorry I bought it."
,Not Recommended,290080,29855627,Posted: 11 February,all,Silver Kestrel,"For a bit of background my ideal game would be a full PvP, full loot medieval mmo. Similar to the MUD's of old!This is a tricky one. On one hand I love the concept of the game and it does seem to run quite smoothly however it is extremely long winded which in itself isn't necessarily a bad thing but a new player should be aware of it.Crafting isn't overly intuitive and requries frequent looking at the wiki. Combat was straight forward enough, similar to Mount and Blade or War of Roses (although not as good). The biggest let down for me is the claimed areas which are fully protected against looting or damage, some servers have a judegement period but this just seems like a cheap cop out. This has always been the way though has it not? Crafters and PvE'rs wanting safe zones but the PvP'rs after at least the chance to wage war. This also prevents terraforming in the zone as well which is frustrating when people claim the zones next to an essential resource. I understand that this is done to prevent griefing when players are offline but it would be better if you could hire NPC's to guard your land or had player areas that would respawn after a certain time unless they were taken out my seige weapons and claimed by another group.Overall I wish Steam allowed for a maybe reccomendation. The keep building is fun and coming across other player settlements is great and it really is pretty free with what you can build and where. I think it has a solid base game here and will grow into something good albiet not what I am after. For people who like building their own bases, limited PvP and a free roam area it is a good bit (assuming you have plenty of time).For me though the search for a full loot mmo continues."
76561198007622174,Not Recommended,290080,34729452,Posted: 4 September,all,ReportRusRetards,"Don't waste your time and money, wait for Bannerlord."
76561198007270871,Recommended,290080,23259276,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Sickerthansars,"takes time to get into, not a solo game really but good fun and some cool stuff to look forward to."
,Recommended,290080,30457125,Posted: 11 March,all,Rizzu,"♥♥♥♥♥s dangerous, that 122 hours i have played? That was consequetive. Burned out and had to drop it like a bad habit, great two weeks off."
,Recommended,290080,22697023,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,[XI] Kauê,"Great harassment simulator, love it.Start building your base, try to defend against the invasors using primitive tools, get killed, finally finish your base, start harassing people building their base. Server wipe. Start building your base.... [ Go back to the first line ]Infinite harassment circle, 10/10Its really fun, I love it."
,Recommended,290080,19591463,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Murdock Night,"I spend a lot of hour playing that game and I can tell It's one of most beatiful and immersive sandox games in medieval I ever seen.Play with friends, find new ones and become a powerfull warrior or a rich merchant. The choice is only limited by your imagination (and server rules). :)Developpers are still adding new features, talking with players, and taking very good care of this game. A lot of potential and a lot of fun! You will not see the time pass.It's your choice: Begin a feudal life, your own feudal life... or perish :)"
,Recommended,290080,19584029,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Twizzler,"When I first started playing this game, I played solo,  I had such a hard time figuring everything out, I had uninstalled it a couple times. The next day I would reinstall it and play more, but still not feel this game was that great, Reluctantly I played on a small server, I have learned so much and I am having a blast... LiF has become my current daily game! Its really everything I was looking for in a game, And no Stupid Zombies!My only real con to this game is the huge Learning curve, if you stick it out and get past that, this game ends up being a great game, and all the things you learn along the way, you will be like ""why didn't I try that earlier...?"""
,Not Recommended,290080,12354815,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Vegutha,"To say this really short: This game does not worth the current cost of 30 euros. There are many things that makes this game unplayable and boring. If you expect it to be anything like Minecraft where building goes, its not. There are no free building at all in this game. Every building, furniture etc is premade which you simply craft as a recipe. You cannot play this game alone either, or with ""few friends"" you need more like 20 people to get anything out of it. It's an MMO without the Servers, you need people to play it. Why you need people? Because there's a limit what you can do yourself, you can't do everything. It takes days or even weeks to get your first house build, if you dont have the nerves to wait this long, this is not for you.The game could have potential as a real MMO which its heading towards already, but as for now its all I just said."
76561198028644318,Recommended,290080,18868184,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Papertroll,Grindy and epic !
76561198002937886,Recommended,290080,19226796,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,MambO,11/10
,Recommended,290080,19574258,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Heretycs,10/10 would murder peasants.
76561198047467111,Recommended,290080,25664454,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Nekko,"Hello Community,let´s start with the good asspects of this game!It´s an open sandbox game, where you can buid everywhere and change your surroundings. (100%)- it takes a lot of time, but you can really form a whole new area- only down side is, that the grass doesn´t grow back, so dirt stays shipped- building freely what ever you want (with the given stuff), some stuff take a long time do buildThe Crafting- mixed feelings about the whole context menu thing,- the skilltrees got remade, they are mostly logical now (expect some hick up´s in farming one)- Overall it´s interesting to doPvP / PvE / RP- PvP, fun but it need´s some fixing, (70 / 100)- different builds are availabel, no omny build (stats) seen so far!- siegwarfare needs some more tweeks, but is fun to do (85 / 100)- PvE, the AI of animals is just bad! (10 / 100)- in the early game wild animals are important, in late game, they just bother you.- it´s not too hard to survive in this game, never starved.- RP if your into that kinda stuff, there are good servers out there for it- since the game give´s you a lot of freedom how to build you can play out nearly anythingGrafic´s- since the D11 patch, a lot of stuff looks way better ( 70 / 100)- When all the model overhauls come in, I thing it will look even more nice then.IN TOTALthe game is good! If your into that kinda game. If your not sure if you like it, look it up on YT, make sure you got a recent video and watch some LP. Many people buy it and don´t got the point, what it is and start to complain....75 / 100 ATM"
,Recommended,290080,29826921,Posted: 10 February,all,Zhang Fei,I will always choose my marriage over this gamebarely
,Not Recommended,290080,31187280,Posted: 16 April,all,Klassix,"Buggy, chunky, ugly.Updates are so frequent its like a schoolboy working on this game in his vacations. And everytime one comes out its like an april joke.  I wanted this game to be good but , NOPE. Wasted time and cash!"
,Recommended,290080,12499383,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Tesrym,I forgot to have my fireman time the entire first weekend.
,Recommended,290080,15321110,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,helopoh,This game is one in a million. It does take a bit of patience as there is a learning curve involved but once you find your feet it is smooth sailing. I love that things take time to evolve and there is very little instant gratification. You can play this game with some many specific starter settings that there really is something for everyone. My suggestion for those that are looking at it. Please go watch some starter videos to experience a bit about it. Remember that at the time of this writing it is still very much a work in progress and things will change over time. Bugs are all over the place but for the most part the game is very much still a playable game and I have many hours of enjoyment and very little real frustrations.
,Recommended,290080,15308716,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Zeygod Reborn,"This game shows alot of promise, if it ever leaves Early Access it will be well worth your time."
,Recommended,290080,16251043,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Speed Car 12,No need to be a MMO it is good as it is
,Not Recommended,290080,30949540,Posted: 4 April,all,Jie,"Bored, 100h played -> 80h doing 'terraforming ' and it's not finished... bad optimization, bugs, etc.Don't buy if you appreciate your money and time."
76561198027038606,Not Recommended,290080,29696680,Posted: 4 February,all,@TheRealDonaldTrump,"Life is PayPal.You are a guy or girl stuck on some lush island, ready to build your new home. Sounds great, Mount and Bladeésque combat system, you need to eat, rest, train, you get better in the skills you actively use, you can build anything, from a small hut to a large keep.Don´t be fooled, the grind in this game is unbearable. Even the worst china-farming simulator is enjoyable compared to the eons of repetitive clicking and waiting you have to do in this game. It will take you DAYS of ACTIVE in-game time before you can even think about building your first house with a lockable door, the house itself will need days to be finished, because the material grind is so hideously tedious.IF you are lucky and find a decent server (no all-out Rust-style slaughtering of anything and anyone, semi-friendly players) you can have your fun slowly building a small village, RP-ing with rival tribes or engaging in small-scale warfare, trade or jousting.4/10, don´t buy while it´s not on sale, if you dip in for a tenner be prepared to waste hours for minimal reward."
,Recommended,290080,19134705,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,wafflecat,good game 1/1 definitely forever
76561198133777990,Not Recommended,290080,16469061,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Matejrm,"I would not recomend this game at all. It's a shame really, since i love sadbox games especially those that are Medieval themed.Althou hours played isnt much i'm an old gamer, and play a lot of sadbox games, so  the learning curve wasnt hard for me. My review is based on local gameplay, since playing with others isnt my style with sandbox games.Make sure you watch many youtube clips about the game first, so you know what awaits you.But be prepared for many negative things.Building takes a lot of time, and i mean it a lot. Teraforming is rewarding at the end, but you will loose your mind on it. Crafting is broken, since you can't display items in your homes or houses (so if you want to build your castle and give it a nice look, well only on the outside porhaps).Bugs are everwhere and the fixes scarse, dont set your hopes up for eny developer feedback, or reply at all.Buy only if you think you will play this in next 5 years or so.But i would rather buy ARK Survival Evolved, Out of Reach or the upcomming, Grand Ages: Medieval."
76561197971308655,Not Recommended,290080,25966107,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,F-man,"I have played this with my ex-girlfriend for many hours. We played it in our own server, and played it PvE. We liked the grinding and survival element.BUT, I have to give it a thumbs down, since I fear this is an abandoned product. I played it in early access period, and hoped they would fix a lot of the bugs, and implement a lot of the promised features (like sawmill and horse pulled carts). It`s almost a year after they released the game (YO) from EA, and these features are still missing. House pulled carts where supposed to be implemented in august 2015.I see they continue to postpone things, like the MMO. The first wave 0 was supposed to be 1-2 weeks. This was from 10. June, and they are still to this date on wave 0. It would not surprise me if we never will see a final release of the MMO version (but I hope I`m wrong). Unlike most, I don’t care much for the MMO. But I still would like to have a finished product in YO.If they ever implement promised features in YO, like sawmill and horse pulled carts, I will change my vote to a thumbs up. Regardless if we ever will see a MMO version."
,Recommended,290080,24153225,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,adjimis,من افضل العاب السرفايفل ممتعة وصعبةيمكنك بناء كل شيء بيت او قلعةيمكنك زراعة الاشجار والنباتاتتعاقب الفصول الاربعة  مثلا الخريف العشب يابس لكن الربيع  يصير كل شيء اخضرللاسف اللعبة مظلومة عندناانصحكم بتجربتها
,Recommended,290080,15436972,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Lucid,"Life is fuedal... It honestly had its moments. Meeting new people, building a town, and defending against groups of enemies was the best experience i remember. After playing on 3 servers in which had to restart completely due to minor issues in the game that for whatever reason affected the world server. The game would lag in the morning and evening. Keep in mind this game is still an early access game and does not have all of the full features the developers are going for, nor are they even close to making the game a masterpeice. All in all i would rate this game 7/10. I think that they could make this game amazing and change the way we look at open world games as we know it."
,Recommended,290080,12291132,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,SGAThEGaMe,I love you man going to buy the game for a friend to support you in making this game epic
,Recommended,290080,32906844,Posted: 27 June,all,The Joker,Great game. Good time Spent.
76561198328605233,Recommended,290080,33489484,Posted: 12 July,all,djeww,eh its alright id get into it more if it had controller support but thats just me aside from that its your standerd base builder survival multi player game its a grind fest but if you have good team mates or friends to play with it defently gets more entertaining
76561198045054833,Recommended,290080,26381845,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Wiseguy24,"I like this game. I really do. I've had many fun adventures and battles, be it siegeing a thickly walled settlement or trying to survive a bear attack. But I cannot stress enough how important it is to play this game with friends. Teamwork is important to getting settlements up quickly and covering all the different skill areas (as there is a cap for the total amount of skills one can invest in).But that doesn't mean one should shy away from this game if they don't have friends to play with. Many settlements will welcome new players (at least to my experience) and are very helpful in teaching about the various aspects of LiF.The combat is very similar to Mount and Blade, so fans of that franchise will be right at home here."
,Not Recommended,290080,28791446,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,D-Hill (*-_-)🔫,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ЗАПЛАТИЛ ПОЛ ЗАРПЛАТЫГДЕ ММО? ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ЮКИ
,Recommended,290080,32629649,Posted: 21 June,all,EbonyWoof,"I really like this game. It's very fun, both by yourself and with others. It can also be rather challenging. I actually havnt even really built a base or anything yet, but from the looks of other people's it seems very customizable and very fun to do. I mean, i love building castles and stuff like that, so... Yeah.Pros: Lots of exploration and such, and there's a lot to do all the time. I personally love exploring the map. I'm always finding something new i'd never noticed before. Its a beautiful game, and its that reason i cant play it on my own PC haha (i've been using someone elses) But that's not the game's fault, so its not a con haha. But yeah, its a very beautiful game. Though i wish there were more animals, the fact that there ARE animals is really cool. I was so scared the first time i played cause there was a deer a few meters from my position and i thought it was a wolf stalking me haha. But anyways, There are lots of items to craft and personally, i love that. There are so many games that only give you a few things, like this pickaxe or this sword, but in LiF:YO there's so many things i can hardly keep up with what i need to work for haha.Neither: The character creation could use more... idk, diversity? Not so much in the face or hair or whatever, but in the body shapes. Like in Reign of Kings, you can change the way your whole body looks, but in LiF:YO everyone has the same pretty much shape to them. The voices could use... improvment. Like a lot of the voices just simply dont fit the character in my opinion. But this is neither a pro nor a con, because the very fact that you can make your own character is pretty cool in itself. Also, hair. In a lot of survival games and♥♥♥♥♥♥ there's no hair for some very very strange reason. I'd think someone stranded on an island or something would have hair, simply because who's going to shave them? Idk, that's just me. Anyways...Cons: These are mostly just person things, but I think the game could use more... I dont know, like... AI, NPCs things like that. Bandits and such. It's a very lonely game, and i understand that its kind of supposed to be, but i mean... Island natives that either hunt you or befriend you would be fun and cool, and say if they gave you some sort of quests or objectives in order to get certain items or something. That'd make the game a lot more interesting, and in my opinion i think it should be implemented... but that's just me. Combat is strange at the very least. i cant even describe it, its just... strange. I really wish the gathering thingie was more, actually click and you chop the tree instead of hit a button and watch your character do it for you. I dont like that... I like doing it myself, like in Reign of Kings or something like that. ""Then just go play RoK"" i usually do because my pc cant run LiF:YO xD I DO recommend this game though. Oh and the camera... ""Press tab to pretty much do anything"" is really really annoying, and im sure everyone will agree. And going into literally any menu and having to press ♥♥♥♥ing tab again just to continue on your business, while a very minor inconvenience, its extremely annoying to me. But i get over it rather quickly.Overall, i love this game, but in my opinion, and i cant stress enough that its just my opinion, it could use a bit of work. But still, i totally recommend the game."
,Recommended,290080,32510616,Posted: 17 June,all,Olaf Forged,its okey i guess.
,Recommended,290080,32816535,Posted: 26 June,all,Power Clit,"==EARLY REVIEW==So it wasn't a lie you need other players to specialize in certain areas, and to keep on surviving basically... But ah, controls are a bit wonky. I couldn't attack, even after 3 deaths against the same wolf, even though I re-logged, re-hotkeyed my controls, and I still couldn't attack. I'm pretty smart, but... What the ♥♥♥♥ is a war-stance?Graphically, beautiful. Gameplay, a challenge. The tutorial being indepth? Nah. I jabbed every button on my keyboard and onscreen, even looked it up. No war-stance. Oh well, I'll get back to playing with more friends and hopefully pool knowledge.Still, so far shows some promising features and I really can't wait to crack down on this game."
76561198036468284,Recommended,290080,32585250,Posted: 19 June,all,Julay,"Love it, but not for everyone"
76561198009531719,Recommended,290080,15627972,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Rhino,.
,Recommended,290080,27178610,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kokainarienvogel,I don't know why it's easier to work 8 hours in a row in lif then in real life
,Not Recommended,290080,26716644,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,¿¿stfu??,♥♥♥♥ing buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198127880669,Recommended,290080,25162138,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Mrs Aziz,"Really enjoy this game.  Challenging at first but if you are patient and try the tutorial it really helps. Pay attention to the skills you are gaining and what they unlock.  It is not always a linear progression and so you may think you are gaining skill towards something you want to use when really its not related at all.There are a few simple things that if changed would really improve the game.  There is a lot of stickering throughout.  When you put up some of the larger buildings the inside is full of crates and racks but none of them are usable.  For the amount of materials some require it would be nice to be able to utalize more of the space.  The ""get riding horse"" function for the stable still does not work, and you cannot use the ""Grandmaster Brewmaster"" title.It's interesting to play a game with other people.  Most are willing to help. Some are not.  Just like real life it takes all types to make it go."
76561197999959587,Recommended,290080,16836331,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Zorkin the Great,"i like this game has a few issues but remember it is in the alpha stage so there still is alot of work that they are working on.  I have logged alot of hours in the game and feel that I have gotten my moneys worth.  It is Rust, Stronghold and minecraft in one."
76561197997027217,Not Recommended,290080,25409344,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,adf,"At this point, I can't recommend the game.  It's simply too much of a boring grind fest.  I have a real life with a real job and real friends and go on real adventures.  But when one of those things isn't taking place, I enjoy spending some time vegging on a computer playing a game.  But accomplishing things in this game takes an infinitely ridiculous amount of time.  I've put in 9 hours and have incredibly little to show for it.  The game mechanics/crafting system are incredibly clunky, slow, and simply not user friendly, nor intuitive, at all.The above said, I will commend the Devs on the wilderness graphics.  They're quite beautiful.If all you have to do is sit at home playing games and you don't ever intend to accomplish anything real or productive with your life, or make any type of difference in the real world, then this game is probably right up your alley.  Because you're going to have to sink hundreds upon hundreds of hours into it to feel any sense of accomplishment, and that's just too much wasted life for me.  Our days on this earth are limited.  Use them wisely because they're going to run out all too soon."
,Recommended,290080,16958148,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Jakapu!,"This game is just amazing, its a game that Ive always wanted , a realistic role playing game that you can play with friends and others. Crafting and getting your skills up takes a long time, but I love that. The game rewards you for your efforts.Yeah I have 23.7 hours on record and all I made is some primitive tools a tiny farm and a hut, but whatever, It was really fun  doing it. I really recommend this game for people who like roleplaying and survival games, the community on it is ussually very helpful and willing to cooperate too!Cant wait for future updates!"
,Recommended,290080,16656663,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,fLu,"This game has great potential.As an early access game, you expect the clunkiness of the gameplay, the graphical glitches and the sound issues, so really I will not touch on them as I trust the developers will iron this out.People looking for an easy time, turn around now.First off, this is not a game to play solo. Either grab some pals or join a community. You should really work together as a team to get your settlement sorted.The farming, building, mining etc are all a tedious journey through gathering and creating. Yes it takes hours to gather the items you require, yes it takes hours to get to the correct level to build what you need to build, but let me tell you, the rewarding feeling that you get when you get to see the fruits of your labour is awesome. You will find yourself nitpicking over the smallest of details when it comes to the layout of your village.Really really good game, yes it needs work, yes it needs polish, but if you are looking for a brutal survival game, that is set in one of the coolest periods around, get this game, pump some hours in, the fun has only just begun."
,Recommended,290080,16964928,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Edier,"PLAY WITH FRIENDS! This game is terrible to play alone, if you don't have any friends willing to buy it with you than make some in-game. Seriously this game is phenominal and I can't wait until more features are added. It already feels close to a finished game anyways and well worth the money I paid for it."
76561198030756479,Recommended,290080,33544088,Posted: 14 July,all,midnight2six,"Clunky menus, awkward inventory, yup life is hard on the frontier.  Still if you have the urge to survive in a mideval free-build-world this one might be the one to try, that or wait for the online mmo version due out shortly.  They almost the same after all..Although I would wait for it to go on sale. Honestly the graphic and somewhat lacking for a 40$ title and the game play is a bit slow.  To make up for it however you have a good amount of things to build/ hunt/gather.  Are there better games out?  Sure, Xsyon, Wurm, Castle engineers, etc.  They all have similar function or gameplay.It can be hard to choose a good game these days, but if you not had your fill of repetitive harvesting and building a personal settlement, this one is about as good to get as any of them.What price is fair for this game.  I'd say it is about worth 10$ us.  Any more, unless you got tons of friends about to play the online version, wait for a good sale.  Oh and if you run into problems, ""youtube vids on how to's""."
76561198041241667,Recommended,290080,26379641,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Spyderlord,"In short: this is the only game that I know of that is entirely based on crafting yet has a completely physics based combat system.I notice that a lot of the negative reviews on here are focused around disgruntled players mad that the devs are taking too long to sort out bugs and other minor issues. One or two reviewers are even crying about wanting refunds and I think I even saw one saying that the game is dead and doomed altogether. This is very much NOT TRUE.It is important to recognize that this developer is a relatively tiny team of individuals compared to other major groups. Not only do they have to maintain but also find and fix issues on their own, as well as respond to whiny players about the leather in their tanning tubs dissappearing... c'mon, put your big boy pants on people! bugs and glitches are a part of gaming, get over it. This game is very far from dead, and the devs just released a halloween patch fixing tons of bugs and adding an entirely new night skydome for halloween!In my opinion, this game is very much worth every penny I spent on it. Even in a less populated server (which I chose) around 50 hours of gameplay over the period of a month has given me a lot of relaxation and enjoyment with my virtual little farm nestled in a forest next to a shore. I have tried several games (Mortal Online,  Gloria Victis, etc.) and none can match LIF:YO for what I was looking for. It combines survival elements like managing hunger and rest needs with unrestricted terraforming, and everything in the game needing to be crafted. Combat I will admit is a bit clunky, but at least it isn't a cheap MMORPG/WoW clone combat system where you just click to target an auto attack. The graphics are great, the weather effects and change of seasons is amazing, and most of all the extremely friendly veteran playerbase is what keeps me logging in day after day.The best example I could give for someone wondering about this game's experience; imagine Skyrim on the most hardcore realism/survival mode you could ever dream of, then add in online multiplayer in a persistent world, then imagine that you could terraform, build or make anything you could imagine. This game is not easy, it will hand you nothing! If you like challenges and enjoy the calm, steady crafting and building aspect of gaming, Life is Feudal: Your Own is your game and we are your fellow gamers."
76561198012069513,Recommended,290080,16882018,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Hummel,"Aeesome game with so much to explore and learn. There is a reason why the people who do like this game have spent so.. so.. so many hours on it. The developers are still implementing constantly and are devoted to finishing this game soon. I would still recomend the Early Access because there is so much to learn and find out what type of skills you want to specailize in. That being said of course there are issues but I am willing to put up with them, no problem."
76561198238541508,Recommended,290080,29731049,Posted: 5 February,all,bryanandbros,"Life is Feudal: Your Own has some real pros and cons.They also just recently made the game 64-bit and fixed a whole bunch of crashing issues! The game now runs smooth and crashing is rare.Pros:Entertaining realistic medieval combat with archers, lancers, knights, pikemen, etc. based heavily on footwork and precise attacksRealistic castle buildsOccasional realistic battles and siegesLarge open world mapLots of crafting and opportunities to collect resourcesWill be releasing an MMO version of this gameGuild system + grind = need for cooperation which results in game politics and strong communitiesCons:Combat breaking ""exploits"" such as the drag-stab used by top-tier combatantsA combat style that does not favor defensive players who like to parry or block and armor that can be cut through like butterObnoxious, extremely time-consuming grind that feels endlessLeveling up on default settings takes agesCombat is extremely difficult to improve at because of lack of information available on web and not many combat practice servers available to publicNon-Issues:-Complaints of hit and run combat. You have a lot of projectile weapons available, throwing axes, bows, crossbows, etc. so players who complain that they can't chase someone down to slice them are not thinking outside the box.-In the MMO they will have instanced battles and people are claiming this will ruin the ""realistic"" combat and the option to pick armies off in guerrilla warfare and no need for logistics and armies marching and that it won't be like real-war at all. Wrong. An instanced battle lets you knock down the claim protection, but you still have to march over to someone's base if you want to steal their stuff, cause some havoc and damage their economy. What I foresee is win an instanced battle, then march as quickly as possible to their base and steal the stuff on the outer ring of their base, where players will be fighting to save their stuff and bring it back to the center of the base.I would recommend this game, but I forewarn you, it will suck you in and frustrate you and make you wonder why you aren't spending your time more productively in the real world."
,Recommended,290080,13854768,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Mexican Kid,Still waiting for the server to load so I can get used to the game on single player11/10
,Recommended,290080,26669253,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,VinValentine,"I may not have alot of hours, but I can explain that.THIS GAME IS GARBAGE!.... If you have a crappy computer.I can BARELY run it, with load times equaling to half an hour to the start screen, then more than an hour and a half for just the game... I barely managed to do anything, but... What I WAS able to do, made me fall in love with this game.Its different, difficult but at the same time so rewarding, just with the fun of having to tweak my settings and find the sweet spot to make it run on my computer.I am by no means a PC gamer.... And this was a game I just so happened to not be paying attention to the system requirements... My laptop overheated, my speakers sounded funny and the game eventually force quit itself, my system was overheating!But I must say, I applaud the creator(s) for making a game to convince me to start saving for a desktop.Watching videos, talking to friends that have this...This is the game that made me actually take an interest in computers a little bit more.So all in all, 10/10 would search for edible roots again!((Sorry for jumping around, mind is on the food in the oven!))"
,Recommended,290080,14891104,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Ryn,"11/10 would carry your loom out of your unclaimed warehouse and drag it to my village miles away.This game is amazing in concept, but lacks most of the game in it's current state. I don't recommend, but the game overall is amazing if you get past the learning curve and can look past the obvious flaws and missing content.DISCLAIMER: I played this game before guild claims existed. If it is true that guild claims make it so you can't loot objects other than bodies inside of guild claims, I would thumbs down this review in seconds."
76561198090348530,Recommended,290080,20079239,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Shrump,Sirf Simulator 2016
,Recommended,290080,28085373,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Aydjile,only proper game out there to create your own true kingdom!
,Recommended,290080,28064380,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Greasy Joe,minecraft is more realistic
76561198146047653,Recommended,290080,28072968,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Dark2F4ce,the best game of its generation
76561198015834427,Not Recommended,290080,29053117,Posted: 5 January,all,shacklewolf,Dont buy this game....its clunky and has terrible controls......save yourself money and sanity.
76561198053318542,Not Recommended,290080,26610779,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,The Sexy Bandit,"Been excited about this game for a very long time now. I've kinda gon in a out of playing it because I wanted to see what the finished product looks like but didn't want to keep it installed if I wasn't going to play it consistently. Just reinstalled tonight and tried to play. ""Tried."" Sat a waited for almost 30mins for my single player server to load... I understand this world is manipulatable but 30 mins for single player map to load is rather unpleasant and a huge turnoff. I actually didn't even get in. Got frustrated and logged off my computer since the game wouldn't shut down properly and thus, wouldn't let me uninstall it. So logged back onto my computer and went straight to the uninstall. Likely wont be back until I hear that improvements have been made to load time. So I guess, in it's current state, no, I can't recommend."
76561197968677956,Recommended,290080,28007769,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nikki - twitch.tv/n9kki,this game is awesome
,Recommended,290080,26570217,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Wembley,Minecraft for adults on steriods...
,Recommended,290080,28597444,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Glassman823,"It's a pretty damned good game, but if you don't have a lot of time to invest I wouldn't bother. It takes ages to get things done in this game, one of the grindiest games I've ever played. Still, there's little bad I can say about it, one of the best survival games I've ever played."
76561198332332843,Recommended,290080,29698511,Posted: 4 February,all,shell,I find this game very good and enjoyable to play
76561198038257300,Not Recommended,290080,15291760,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Clone Commander,"Well if you are looking for a good server, you are out of luck. The admins in this game are normally complete trash. They will build massive castles and collect all the resources they need. Then they will change the server setting. This way anyone new joining their server has to look at loading bars for 3 actual days just to get a mud hut up. All the while the admins and their buddies go around killing ppl or bullying them. Completly trash community with updates spread so thin you forget the game is even in your library."
76561198128325063,Recommended,290080,29533594,Posted: 27 January,all,chase12324,"This game needs some more tweaking but overall it's a good game for the hardcore builders and pvp players. You do have some nich guilds that do specific playstyles that sometime can put off other casual players. So unless you have a stomach for fighting while building, or have a good mind for politics then you should group with a larger existing group. (most people suck at fighting) Lists of good groups are Blackarrow""PVP"", Iron Co""PvP/PVE"", Ardent Keepers""PVP/PVE"", Blessed order""PVP/PVE"", Vinterscorn""PVP"", Masons(Russian a holes), Dagfins""PVP"", Prosparity""PVE"" and Kingdom of hyperion""PVP/PVE"""
76561198036311224,Not Recommended,290080,22019135,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,levdan159,"Buggy, unstable, awfully integrated mess of not-fun."
76561198056723841,Not Recommended,290080,29127050,Posted: 8 January,all,primuspilus.hb,"It is with a heavy heart that I can not recommend this game. I love this game, I really do. However there are a few issues that force me to give it a thumbs down. However, Ill give a pro/con. The below all being said, I am still an active player in the small, small hope that I am wrong.Pros:- Unique crafting. The crafting in this game is very good. Every trade needs other trades to be successful. You can not simply craft ""in a bubble"" and expect to be successful.- Claims. Your land is your land. It really gives a feel for community, as you and a group of people stake a claim, modify your lands, build on them, and defend them.- Replay value. Dont like your server? Find another one. They're all different, and the community is usually very good at helping.- Sean Bean.Cons:- The biggest con of all, is the developers. They gave flowery promises to the Your Own players concerning the MMO and they have now completely backed out of. Also, since the MMO is nearling its next beta, they have totally abandoned development of this game. There are many crashes, and coding issues with the game, that they will never fix simply because their focus is on the MMO. Your Own players be damned.- Meele combat is a tough nut to crack. Its not bad, but some of the hit boxes for the weapons need some serious re-work (Warpick, Im looking at you)- The grind is real on most servers. It takes a long time to do anything....which can be good but skill gain is either VERY slow or way too quick.Hope this helps."
76561198028938758,Not Recommended,290080,29212573,Posted: 12 January,all,Axel,As much as I want to write a favourable review I in good conscience cannot.This game is much the same as every other survive and build game.  It becomes more about the building than surviving so all the servers are full of players with little to no interest in fighting and GMs hostile to PVPThe lazy devs like many others have resorted to using wild animals such as wolves as threats which is jsut unforgivable.  A single hound is no match for a human and deaths to wolf attacks are incredibly rare.  Stop being lazy devs and either take them out and replace with something better or put them in as packs with pack mentality as done in Stalker: Shadow of Chernobyl still the only game to have ever done this that I have seen.If you want a super relaxing chill Castle building sim play this game.
76561198118060336,Recommended,290080,21651708,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Spc Gould,Its a really good game I give it 4/5 the only reason is it crashes so much!
76561198038160576,Not Recommended,290080,30255530,Posted: 28 February,all,wise man,"This is a no go. Its slow and boring for the most part, glitchy for the most part. Perhaps the only way you can get any enjoyment from this game are in RP servers..."
,Not Recommended,290080,34062786,Posted: 6 August,all,Easybakeoven,"Incomplete, yet ""finished."""
76561198283857606,Recommended,290080,22488039,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,emmeloin,its gooda
76561198019932893,Recommended,290080,30019164,Posted: 18 February,all,Sonniger Tau,"Briefly and merits :  this game is a "" simulator of shovels"". No matter what you like - you have to dig.Inevitably. :)Because of this, the game is interesting only as multiplayer.The process of creating private server to ""play with only friends"" is extremely inconvenient  required non-game knowledge and additional software.The game is declared as a simulator of the Middle Ages without ""magic and elves"", <<Hardcore and realistic(c)>> (WOW!) .But we still look the magic as ""shouts"" and  the quick death from  poisoned sword.For me LiF:YO is interesting  as an evaluation version before the upcoming MMO. :)"
,Recommended,290080,31303932,Posted: 22 April,all,[1st TX.H] Pvt. Price.,"A detailed review to put aside the confusion and misinformation you may see in other reviews, including many of the negative ones.Firstly, this game gives the impression it is a game not yet truly completed. They appear to be frequently updating the game and patching issues. The reason this is a good thing however, is this is a game already in a state workable enough to be a proper game, and as of yet I have only experienced minor connectivity issues for being on ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DSL internet. I'll be fixing that problem soon enough by getting broadband.Secondly, this game is full release, not some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 2-bit indie game on early access with a dead community and shady devs.Now, let's get into the real meat of the game, the gameplay. It's worth saying up front this game may have a medieval setting but it's intended to be a sandbox RPG more akin to rust or minecraft rather than a survival combat game like DayZ, or a medieval combat game like mount and blade or chivalry. Most at least basically knowledged people understand this game is a life simulator and while there is a great deal of things you can do in the game it also means you need alot of time to do it. This is a hardcore game for hardcore, dedicated gamers to sink many hours of gameplay into.The crafting system is complex, realistic, and in depth. Not limiting you to just crafting items and buildings, you can change the very shape of the earth itself in the game with the terraforming system. A bit awkward at times, especially when trying to flatten out ground, but the overall mechanics are very easy to use once you know where to get them. RIGHT CLICKING IN THIS GAME IS YOUR FRIEND TRUST MESurvival is done by two things, health and eating. Your health comes back over time, and you can heal with medical equipment later on. Eating is easy, you can find apple trees, pick and eat apples. It's easy enough for the first several hours of gameplay I survived off apples until I could cook myself meat instead.I have only played on RP servers, rather than dedicated PvP servers, but I can safely say that most of the community is smart as long as you play this realistically. Think realistically, RP as a man or woman in the middle ages, play smart, and you'll usually survive. You'll have a better time if you make or play with friends. This game was clearly meant to be played by groups of people working together. You can solo this, but it's putting yourself on hard mode for no reason if you do.Now it's time for the Pros and Cons in my experience.Pros- Expansive and in depth crafting system, simple skill system to go with it.- Hardcore survival with some servers being PK for characters you make.- 64 player servers.- Can run on ultra settings with 60fps relatively smoothly with minimal framerate drop, ultra settings do not kill the game's framerate, and I'm only running an i5 alienware basic.- most of the community is friendly.- Definitely meant to be a social experience, teamwork, and friends make the experience much better.Cons.- High learning curve.- Not intended for ""casuals"" to be capable of remaining on the top.- Can't be done very well without dedication.- Not optimized to be played by solo players.- AI animals in the game are horribly awful, completely dysfunctional, stupidly OP, and glitch into objects (running in place)"
,Not Recommended,290080,34052738,Posted: 5 August,all,Fat Frost,Terrible developers constant lies about the scope and goals of the game since the very begining sad to see a game I had barely scratched with just under 200 hours go to complete♥♥♥♥♥♥like this.
76561198063283037,Recommended,290080,34458894,Posted: 24 August,all,zencc2011,if this game make crafting more easier and less time cosuming will be a plus.
,Not Recommended,290080,34916440,Posted: 13 September,all,Dankness,this is the most slowest most boring game I had ever played
76561198010877775,Not Recommended,290080,25647736,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,[SC]Aly,They really have to step up their game
76561197965046644,Recommended,290080,35106994,Posted: 21 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,"A fun experience when playing online in a roleplaying server as I was a farmer forced into war against another faction...I fought for my king only to have my land taken away from me....I now fight against my king and will burn his kingdom to the ground.The overall experience is fun as you have a lot to work with such as the ability to work any field (black smith , farmer , soldier and so forth) and the city building is rather fun and nicely put together. However the game is mainly for online use as singleplayer is just a empty world with a few animals...no npcs to help fill the emptiness. If you can find a RP server I recommend joining in as the experience can be a blast especially when wars break out."
76561197993634920,Recommended,290080,16976284,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,NosferatuNL,"I LOVE this game. ( First review I ever post. ) But this game received a mixed .. and I've read some of the other review's and they are negative mostly because of not understanding this game's intentions.Its slow, its hard, it has a learning curve straight into space. But it's feudal, when it grabs you .. it doesnt let go.When you manage to survive, get the basics straight, your first little village starts to grow. You dont want to leave this wonderfull island. ( It gives me the same vibe as Kerbal, with a little less modding. )The Dev's are active, progress is steady, sure it still has kinks. But what early access game doesnt. Run your own little server if you want, or join an island that is already inhabited .. both are great fun. The game still needs some technical work, at this moment its quite a task to start your own internet game ( not impossible, just advanced. ) But the LAN and Local play are excellent and work like a charm."
76561198132221795,Recommended,290080,22393697,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Mav80,"One of my favorite all time games, the loser negative reviews are from lazy people that dont appreciate any realism in games.  Its hard work, but you feel a real sense of accomplishment when you complete buildings or cleave a man in half.  Can't wait to see what else they add to game!"
,Recommended,290080,22543498,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,RyanVee,"Started A Rinky-Dink (Crappy) Little Village Type Settlement With FriendsTwo Men In better Armor Than Me And My Friends Armor Combined Ride Up On HorsesThey Demand We Give Them Any Gold Found By Us Or Get Pillaged,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥And Burned To The GroundThey Ride Away Feeling Sympathetic Enough (Because Of Our Situation) To Not Kill Us, But Look For Others To KillWe Hide In Our Shacks In Pure Fear For 10 MinWe Get Bored And Log off10/10 Would Cower In Fear Again"
76561198096864040,Not Recommended,290080,25571447,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Dain_Ironfoot,"Decent game, but runs horribly.  I looked up the specs before I bought it and it said my system met the recommended system requirements, not just minimum.  It is playable on low-medium settings except when there is more than a couple of people around, combat, horses, etc... then you can't even run on low settings it sucks so bad.  Very frustrating, asked for refund and got denied by Steam.  Thanks for ripping me off, guys.  Much appreciated."
76561198045256546,Not Recommended,290080,33955637,Posted: 1 August,all,DariusSlayer,"Having a beast of a PC machine, I would normally set the settings on the highest there is, and for LiF it would be Ultra (or Custom when I wanted to push everything to the limit).  However, within the span of 10 minutes the game had crashed 4 times.  The first time was when I tried to create my own world, the other 3 occured soon after joining a couple random worlds.  I soon found out that in order to ""fix"" this problem, I would have to log into a world on a very low setting and then switch it to whatever setting I wanted afterwards - although I would need to switch it back down when entering a town/village.So this begs the question, why hasn't this been fixed yet?  It's been out for nearly 2 years and this is still a problem (I had googled this issue and saw that this has and still is happening to others).Granted, the game does look amazing and would love to get into it but the crashes are an immediate no go for me."
,Not Recommended,290080,33984279,Posted: 2 August,all,FrankFisk,Waste of money.
,Recommended,290080,34317755,Posted: 17 August,all,PooPooButterMCGEE,"Fun game, addicting even. BUT , there are a few things you should know. A top 5 pro/con is below.PRO:1: Open world, lots of willing players to help you learn the game2: Pretty nice graphics, makes you think you're in the medieval times (mostly).3: Guild/PVP/Open world mechanics are pretty small and closeknit4: The ability to directly influence the terrain and affect how you make a moat, or defenses5: Hours will go by before you realize it, it's pretty fun.CON:1: VERY steep learning curve at the start for the most mundane of things (like how to make a simple stone axe)2: The skill tree system doens't make any sense; You have to learn to craft roads/build towers before knowing how to farm3: Combat mechanics are clunky (you have to ""go into combat stance"" and then selecting weapons is a chore) .4: Controls are clunky You have to right click everything virtually to interact, plus you cant just change the way it works5: The ""world"" isn't big by any stretch, but a decent size for a server of 64 tops. Normally guilds rule the server and love to ""raid"" smaller groups or integrate into a kingdom and get all mad when you play ""unfair"" to combat their uber armor/weapons/horses. Enforcing rules are relished to the few admins on servers but can be a gamble as a newbie on a new server with known abusers of power (bans, god mode , they come wipe your town you invested 50hrs building). More players on less servers would help with this power vacuum.As it stands the game is ""Fun"" if you need something new to enjoy for approx 200 hours. But beyond that get ready to restart on servers when the hosts get bored of their current world and total server wipe it all (there goes your huge keep you JUST COMPLETED) frequently. The learning curve has to be explained by trial and error or kind players, simply don't assume. The tech/learning tree has no sense or thought put in, you have to farm X many points to be able to be a glass blower, or you have to be skill level 60 in swords to be able to wear basic chain armor in the chivalry skill....Yeah the skil tree has zero sense, and couple that with a low skill amount then you'll never be able to at least own a bow (by the way you need to have like 60 skill in crossbows before you can pick up a bow and string one apparently last I played)...Lots of common sense is abandoned in this game I feel and it'll be a long time (if ever) that you'll see any justice on the reworkings (while they fudge up the Beta MMO process currently)."
,Not Recommended,290080,34363491,Posted: 19 August,all,Eonwe,Its dogshit
,Not Recommended,290080,28804337,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ragen Strongbow,"Game is too broken to even run anymore. It used to be playable but now it's straight buggy hell. I'll re-install in the future and have another go, and if it pans out then they'll get a positive review from me."
,Recommended,290080,22563076,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,YellowBanan,i havent had this much  cancer since orin prelude
76561198014749837,Recommended,290080,12171442,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,darkrajin,"It is a good game, WHEN I can play.... But generally I am lucky if my game lasts for 10 minutes. I do not know if the problem is my end, or theirs, but generally, the game freezes, crashes, or some such, where I am forced to close the game, then if I am lucky I might be able to find the server I was on. other wise the game does have great potential, and I will be excitedly waiting to see what comes.Warning this is not a game you can drop in to and five minuites later have a mansion, that could take loads of hours of work. Which I don't mind, it is just the constant crashing that annoys me, but it is alpha so if that gets fixed it will be great, my general location is Australia, so much of the issues might be to do with our local internet connections which are quiet poor."
76561198077942368,Recommended,290080,12179087,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,L to the J to the C,The most fun heap of♥♥♥♥♥♥you will ever play10/10Must play with others.
,Recommended,290080,12181539,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,phobian,"This game is What ive always wanted, This game is 10/10"
,Recommended,290080,12196792,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Kills Dont Matter,"Good game, must take friends with you or make friends. This game cannot be played by your self! However in saying that it is rather rewarding to see every player par take with eachother to live and make some of the nices communities unlike some other games we know."
76561198042424009,Recommended,290080,12199488,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Drojdier,"First thing first, it is alpha, you need patience with this game. Every now and then you might loose the progress you made, sometimes temporarily, sometimes permanently.Now, the game itself is incredibly complex and deep and every day players are discovering new stuff. The crafting, in 90% of the cases, makes sense: I mean you want to smelt ore? You need some heavy duty hard wood to burn in the furnace for quite a long time and use the bellows to heat up the lump of ore. You bring it to a certain temperature, then you can smelt it; that is IF you have a cruicible :)This is the kind of stuff you'll find in this game and it applies to farming, growing animals, prospecting for ore, crafting furniture, building houses, everything.On the down side, the combat system is not really working now and there's a boatload of bugs floating around but the devs are working hard, churning out fixes. At this point I'm really confident that this game will turn out to be great!"
,Recommended,290080,12221996,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Rawsome83,"EDIT:My main gripe with the game is fixed as of 09.25.14 - You can now lift skillcap to 3000, along with many other critical things that needed fixing. WELL DONE!!! ;D - New score:10/10.Could pretty much be the one game I've been waiting for my whole life. It's got everything you'd want from a cooperative mmo.. Although there's one BIG downside: The singleplayer has the same restrictions as multiplayer. Now I will cut them some slack, as they are working on fixing this issue.What exactly am I talking about? Well, the game focus heavily on teamwork and each individual focusing on one major task, and to fulfill tasks by working together. The whole concept is brilliant, and it works! But for the single player, you're supposed to be able to lift this ""skill cap"" that only lets you focus on one major skill at a time, to allow you to play the game freely (since you're all alone, hence -single-player).The game ruleset has a skill cap at 600 for multiplayer, and in singleplayer you're supposed to have full freedom (3000), but at the moment this feature is -NOT- working. But as I said, it's in the works and hopefully released sooner than later.Other than that, I can only say this game has soooo much potential.. I don't envy the dev's having full control over this ""baby"", because a lot of people are relying on them not f'ing it up :P I just hope they make the right calls, and don't screw it up... Cause this pearl of a game could be something immensely huge!Pro's:-Pretty good graphics and atmosphere-Extreme depth of skills and crafting-Feels very down to earth and realisticly themed-Condones teamwork and condemns kill-on-sight mentality (and executes it well)-Gives long stretch goals which feel rewarding-Quality of items which have an impact on crafts and stats-Amazing music!Con's:-At times, can feel very gray and depressing (fog etc). Add some more colors!! :D-Very laggy and non-responsive server list that critically needs work - FIXED-Clunky animations both on players and animal interactions (most likely placeholders)-Crashes at times, especially when using the push-to-talk in-game feature-When leaving a server, you actually leave the whole game (add a log-out feature to menu?!)-Depending on server ruleset (skill multiplier) tasks can get very repetative and drawn out-Lack of explanation (F1 has some info). Would like more tool-tips when mouse-over-Inventory is pretty nice, but can get frustrating when trying to stack items (Add white border on items when mouse-over them perhaps?)-Quite a few bugsOverall feels very early alpha'ish, BUT this does not ruin my experience of the game. It can only get better. Easily a 10/10 if the skillcap-lift was working as intended.. Til then, it's a 7/10."
,Recommended,290080,12222816,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Lolisen,Looks like there is something wrong with this game running on windows 8Edit: Fixed
,Recommended,290080,12224458,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Zelha,"The best moment of my life was when we discovered Fire, after a hour of picking from the ground and breaking branches, we did it. Fire was made."
,Recommended,290080,12225341,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,LordPixels,"Depending on who you are I would say this game is worth $40. It is worth it to help the devs develop it more. This game already has such a vast amount of things to do and yet you can tell it has room for so much improvement.This game is an Open-World (Island) sandbox game where you CAN'T play by yourself. Sure if you are that hardcore player I guess you could, but you would need to invest hundreds of hours before accomplishing anything of value. This style of hardcore is rarely found in games and the fact is, so far, it's perfect here. It's not over the top insane, but it greatly encourages the community to work together within each server.Also, due to the fact this game is $40, only the people truly interested in the game are on it. I have yet to find anyone who is playing simply to kill. Once this game expands more and possibly adds a trading system and some npc's, it could be a top of the line Sandbox game.As long as the devs stay active and continue to work, I can see this game becoming perfected and a great MMO to be born from this in the future."
76561198002585649,Recommended,290080,12225771,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,WallMart,"Pretty much the game i have been looking for on steam. Great skill system, friendly community (so far) and lots of different things to do.Everything is kind of slow paced, so for anyone who wants to build an entire kingdom in a matter of hours: this is probably not your game.Does crash often though, and has some nasty bugs, but the devs are hard at work squishing them.Also the netcode is sublime, never seen anything this stable at this early stage."
76561198067010781,Recommended,290080,12226018,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Miller,LOVE THE game! Needs to be patched for a better gameplay.
,Recommended,290080,12229202,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,rBST Cow,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥where do I start.This game is doing something that's never been done before. Sure, you could bring up Xsyon or Wurm Online, but those games are nothing like Life is Feudal. This game is limitless in what it can achieve and is easily one of top games with the most potential on the market right now. This is the kind of game that you couldn't get tired of because there is ALWAYS something to do due to the fact that player interaction is key to playing. Being a lone wolf won't cut it, you'll HAVE TO team up with someone, and the more the better which makes the game that much better.Life is Feudal brings the whole survival genre to a new level. In Rust or DayZ, it's just a bunch of trolls/bandits running around killing people and causing mayhem just because they can. Life is Feudal has systems in place to combat this...the alignment system. Stealing/Robbing/Killing lowers your alignment, and after a certain point, there's no going back. If you die, you loose a big chunk of your skills and items whereas players with high alignment don't. It makes people think twice if it's really worth it to kill that poor farmer whom isn't bothering anyone and has nothing.As I stated before, the potential this game has far surpasses any game I've ever played before. They were always limited by the game engine or just the way the game was built. DayZ is doomed to be ♥♥♥♥ed with all the bandits and hackers, Rust is doomed with all the trolls running around killing people for no reason, but Life is Feudal stands a chance. The possibilities in this game are ENDLESS. Once you finished doing something, you are always tasked with doing another thing to keep you going and going so you don't bore yourself like in DayZ...or should I say walking simulator? With over 3000 different alchemy combinations, dozens of different things to construct, and making alliances with other towns, you'll always be doing something.Now you may be asking yourself, ""What about the PvP?"" Life is Feudal has that in check. They are implementing a system so that when you go to war against a town/guild, you don't take any hits to your alignment which allows full scale wars city vs city. It will easily satisfy your blood thirsty hunger.Now, I know this may very well be the game that could revolutionize the way we see the survival, but it doesn't come without it's flaws.The game is very poorly optimized even though I have a GTX 780 Ti. I've noticed that turning down the quality of trees in the settings dramatically improves frames. Even then, the game still occasionally dips below 30 FPS. It also crashes quite frequently which can be very annoying.Even with the games flaws, those can be easily fixed and it isn't something that we will be stuck with forever.Thinking of buying the game? Well, at 40$ it's quite expensive and I would only recommending spending that much as long as you are ok with the flaws the game presentsRemember, Life-is-feudal."
76561198069916862,Recommended,290080,12234853,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,edingtonsteve,Shows great potential.
,Recommended,290080,12239772,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,KINGTRAVIS,This game is so in-depth and so epic. Buy it or miss out!
76561198018190008,Recommended,290080,12257231,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Aero182,"i can't wait till this game gets good, really promising, seems to be a reallllllly massive crafting system, atm it's pretty slow tho, makes my computer go pretty slowwww.but yeah, i'm keen"
,Recommended,290080,12335283,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,IT,Best medieval stealing simulator 2k14. 10/10
,Recommended,290080,12394307,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,sk8chalif,"Life is Feudal  is a great example of what a sandbox game should be; you're thrown in without much of anything and leaves you to figure out how to make your way in the world.  It has a full skill system, like you'd expect from an RPG, that allows you to create your own class by choosing to increase the skills you're actually usingThe building system allows you to terraform the terrain and then build a variety of buildings, such as houses, guard towers, walls, etc.  You can also dig tunnels, make farms, make massive cities, whatever you want.The combat system is based on Mount & Blade's, so it's a physics-based system and not just selecting a target and doing damage based on the roll of some metaphoric dice.This is what a sandbox should be.  In what little time I've spent playing so far (~40 hours,), I haven't progressed very far at all; there's just so much to learn and do,  But is it worth the $40 they're asking In my opinion, yes.  Despite its bugs Life is Feudal truly is already a phenomenal game.Its a great game but this game will basically be abandoned once the devs release their pay to play MMO version of it sometime next year."
76561198015275473,Recommended,290080,12396571,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,im shit,"Tree Chopping Simulator: Your OwnThis Game is amazing and offers alot for a early access, had no major issues so far*Rubs nipples*But the skill training is very boring and dull"
,Recommended,290080,12571483,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Cass Kicker,for some reason when I try to start a new world the game has a problem and cannot be played on because the server has a problem.
,Recommended,290080,13205646,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,JimWilko,"this game is definately early access game, there wont be a game you play with out finding a bug/glitch, you'l be walking on your farm then  next think you know your falling into a big ocean under the map, but all in all it is a great game.If you like to jump straight in fighting and killing thinking you can do everything yourself, you'd be wrong, you HAVE!!! to have team mates or find people to trade with, this is not a lone wolf game.i love playing it, done over 100 hours and not even earing proper armor (noob)i'd reccommend if you have patients!"
,Recommended,290080,13220116,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,b_vo,"This is still a work in progress but they are adding new features pretty frequently. I would call it the adult spiritual successor to Minecraft, DayZ, and Rust. You can tell by playing, though, that the programmers have put some attention to the problems found in those games already."
76561198044794758,Recommended,290080,13265653,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,erzearcher,"So as far as the textures go, i get the old Gohic II feeling wich i personally LOVE!Gameplay can be a drag sometimes, so if you're not the person to spend hours and hours crafting, gathering or building i do not reccomend this game for you.If however, you don't mind the long sessions of gathering or crafting you will have a blast playing this!"
,Recommended,290080,13277240,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,rightlend81,this game is going to one of the great ones. its a realistic medevil times sandbox where you start out from scratch literally. the combat is decent regardless of what people have whined about so far. the hitboxes for melee are almost spot on. i havent tried ranged yet. just be sure to find a good server with a community that suites you. as with any sandbox mmo; that is what will make it or break it for you. totally worth my 40 bucks for sure. got a copy for the wife today. :)
,Recommended,290080,13303020,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Burne,"Fun game, hard to find a decent multiplayer server to play on is my main gripe.Crafting is really neat and complex. Not for the faint at heart.Most servers have Gm's that insta build their own buildings, or give items to their friends...Like.. how did you solo build castle walls with hoarding w/o having a group.. and no fields to grow flax etc.. lol.."
,Recommended,290080,13305932,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Czarisyn,"If you want a game with a rich crafting system that blows others out of the water, this is your game."
76561198118288216,Recommended,290080,13325636,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Lone Falcon,"very in-depth game, can't wait to see wait future development holds for this game"
76561198032981660,Recommended,290080,13359307,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Tino198666,love the game and always seem to be updates comming out
,Recommended,290080,13367253,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,JGrace,"On my own server, got a little crafting village (if you can call a hut and a small mine that). havent done much with the combat (only person on it so far) Theres a lot to this game still. Its not for people expecting short wait times and incredibly fast crafting. This game takes time. It takes skill. It takes PATIENCE. This is a game that people complain about. If your not willing to wait for crops to grow and cant wait for some metal to heat up then of course youll complain. I like this game a lot, i plan on sticking with it. I want to see what they can come up with for us to build and create. maybe do custom buildings, display cases, trophy mounts, currency, ships, property deed even. who knows? Lif has a long ways to go, but it has a lot to do. Youll see me when that world server goes online, i guarantee that. Just remember, have fun, because, Life IS Feudal."
76561198094386506,Recommended,290080,13367572,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Monty,"Good game, the devs have been very active with new content and major bug smashing on a almost weekly basis, however I would recommend waiting a few months for the implementation of the guild and claims system before buying it.Release Update: Looks stunning in comparison several graphical bugs need working out, morning lag is still a thing.."
76561198002492071,Recommended,290080,13470448,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Norden,"I love the game, I wish they would make mineing ore and digging faster, other than that i like the crafting menu makes the game."
76561198035452707,Recommended,290080,13481207,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,peely40,i think it got a good future
,Recommended,290080,13487003,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,JCM,"this is a wonderfull game if you love simulators and always wanted a medeival themed survival one which i actually did before discovering this. unfortunately developement is very slow, but be patient, buy it now, play it as best as u can and get familar with gameplay cause it is a HUGE learning curve, u have to know how to craft every little thing to get what u want. and in a few years time when its alot more polished it'll be one beautifull gem of a game. so keep supporting it, they need money for development, and time, so be patient and wish them the best of luck!"
76561198001751217,Recommended,290080,13532165,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ShakyFisher [FAC],"Not a bad game.. Needs alot of work. Could turn out to be a good buy, pick it up if on sale under $20"
76561198045208206,Recommended,290080,13533020,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Cynic Cain,"This game is early access, so obviously it's going to have a few bugs, and a lot of features that aren't in the game yet. But already this game has so much more than most survival games. There's so much to do, and it's not even finished. Grab a group of friends, and you can spend hours just exploring and working up to a castle (takes forever by the way). However, if you're not a fan of grinding and a slow pace, this game isn't for you. Even making iron tools can take an irritating amount of time, and if you don't have a group to roll with don't even bother; this game is clearly developed specifically for multiplayer even though you can open your own server and play single if you want. Combat is excellently designed as long as you're a fan of realistic combat, but the animation quality is shoddy at the moment. Definately worth a buy, but only if you're willing to spend a lot of time with friends in one of the most excellently designed and complete early access survival games on Steam."
76561198007747619,Recommended,290080,13701423,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,BigFloppyDisks,"The alpha is playable, game is as advertised. No hand holding in this game, picking a goal and following through is hard and takes time but leaves you with a real sense of accomplishment. Occasional freezing or server issue but very stable for an alpha."
76561198026295761,Recommended,290080,13813521,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,iB<TaCTiC,"I cant create my own world. Server fails, even with firewal off.Any ideas?"
76561198028443247,Recommended,290080,13841985,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,ｈａｂｓｂｕｒｇ　ｌｉｐｐｐ,best game i ever played
64864248248648648,Recommended,290080,13871064,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Dusk,"I tried to pray while talking with a friend of mine. Wanishing in front of his eyes, i was teleported 10 meters below the ground on an island. Spent 1 hour to come back to home. Stole a bench and crippled my friend with a sling. 10/10"
,Recommended,290080,13941944,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Jobraw,"Wandered around, found a seemingly empty fort, approached a cart and clicked, picked up the cart and immediately wanted to put it down, a man came trotting out from behind some buildings, i couldnt figure out how to put his cart down before he killed me.Spawn 2: Wandered around, found a singular hut in the middle of nowhere with a burnt out camp fire in it. Claimed the hut as my own and wandered further, found a farm, snooped about, founds lots of raw chicken in crates. Took a crate full of chicken up to the hut and dropped it inside, lit the fire and cooked the chicken. Stolen boiled chicken is the best boiled chicken, will not need to worry about food for some time.3/2 Would be a chicken thief again."
76561198074899522,Not Recommended,290080,14317982,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Capitalismisevil,"Did I just waste $40? I can't Create my own world without it crashing, and I can't join anyone else's. How am I suppose to give a review of this game when I cannot even play it? I understand that it's in the alpha stage, but this is not a good first impression."
76561198039192056,Recommended,290080,14588313,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,XcypherX,what are the main servers on here?
,Recommended,290080,15121453,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Darkslingerr124,i would recommend this game it is very fun/hard its worth the money i love it even when its in early access
76561198050324090,Recommended,290080,15143772,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Cotton,the best crafting game ever
,Recommended,290080,15162048,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Xul,NEW REVIEW DX11.Oh my goodness! Every problem I had with this game has been addressed. Stop thinking about playing this game and just play it. My only real word of advice is YOU CAN NOT PLAY ALONE. Grab a friend or two or perhaps join the biggest group you can get ahold of. SO much fun!!
76561198060950412,Recommended,290080,15225650,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Tankuzen,Awesome!
,Recommended,290080,15309224,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Joe,"Hello if your thinking of getting this game here are a few things that will help you make your decision.The Graphics: Although the Graphics isnt the most important thing in a game , life is feudal delivers it is only in EARLY ACCESS however the graphics really did blow me away when i logged on for the first time. 9/10 on graphics.GamePlay: When you first play lifeisfeudal you wont really have a clue what to do so ill throw in some links to help you guys out at the bottom of this review but once you know what your doing you can go from making your 1st shak to a massive castle that has watchtowers a barn and stable and even a warehouse that you and your friends can chill in.There is endless stuff you can do on this game which will keep you going for ages it takes time to do the simplist of things for example it can take a new player a few days just to make a basic shack that's why it is best to just team up with some friends and help them out. Overall i would rate the gameplay an 8/10 It has so much stuff to do on the game however gathering the resources takes time so its not an actionpacked kind of game.FUN: This GAME is so fun to play ""in my opinion"" because everything you make in this game it feels like you have earned it , in other words its not like MINECRAFT were you can make a city in a day it takes time to level up your skills to be able to do certain stuff like one person in your team might be the smelter the other person in your group would be a lumberjack and so on because its just so hard to play on your own. I have played 50 hours on this game and i know its not much but i have only had this game for a short period of time and cant keep off of it.So To sum up: This game is great if you have some mates to play it with but if you don't dont worry you can logon to a server say ""May i join someone , im new "" and then Loads of people say yes and within 10 mins of playing the game your in a group of like 5 others and you will be assigned with a role and hopefully if you treat them nicely they will treat you the same. However if your not into meeting randomn people to play and none of your mates have this game then i dont think this game is for you as i think you would get bored easy as it would take forever to do anything.Overall rating : ON YOUR OWN 7/10Overall rating:  In a Group  9.5/10USEFUL LINKS :http://lifeisfeudal.gamepedia.com/?cookieSetup=truehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-PVykdD8d4Ask any questions here :https://www.facebook.com/lifeisfeudal?ref=ts&fref=tsor Steam messeage me?The Server i Play on : srv.lifeisfeudal.nl:12520"
,Recommended,290080,15311864,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,SklaggyBird,"I love this game, even if it is a early access game its still amazing."
,Recommended,290080,15546122,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,ChaoticShmoo,Never thought building a road would be so enjoyable and fun.
76561198007056701,Recommended,290080,16193930,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,BtoTheW,i just need to know where are the updates for this game?
,Not Recommended,290080,16204283,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Wien Disel,Life is Feudal: Your Own........More likeLife is in Vain: If you buy this game
76561197974844200,Recommended,290080,16253332,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,DoomCraft,"This is a PURE role playing game as it stands. Being early access, it's still too early to be able to play full on. That being said, it is playable in the format of testing the crafting system and some small combat. Resources take a long time to collect as it is fairly time consuming to build structures and craft basic items. Combat is incomplete and there is very little active PVE. The map itself is a decent size but will need to be much larger in the end. The developers are working toward an MMO but honestly, this game would be so much better if built around private servers and MODS. It has a great role play feel to it and should remain focused on that aspect."
,Recommended,290080,16257645,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,huskai,"WARINING, ONLY PLAY THE GAME IF YOU HAVE TIME. This game is very time consuming, and mostly fun with friends! I've gotten a team up, and we all had specific roles. As the logman, I had to cut down trees, But not when I felt like it. I literally had to get on the game every 2 hours and just cut / plant trees consistantly. It's a fun game, but, it's mostly fun with lots of players / lots of time."
,Recommended,290080,19136029,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Xerxes,"It's awesome, and getting better."
76561198131889039,Recommended,290080,19145109,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,mmate3001,It s a good game. The main theme is building so if you except a fully survival themed game don t buy it. I would be happy if it got  mod support or a creation kit. Right now it s on sale and it s worth a try
,Recommended,290080,19145413,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,The Punisher,The game works nice and smoothly now. :D
,Recommended,290080,20515887,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,AngelofDth,Its all I can play since the christmas steam sale.  No other games matter.  Its got me hooked.  Long live the king! Death to all criminals and bandits!  Die rival clans on the morrow of judgement hour
,Recommended,290080,22601328,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Vapaamies,"Have you ever wondered how it felt to live in middle ages?Have you ever wondered how it feels to be a peasant in middle ages?Have you ever wondered how it feels to be a king in middle ages?Have you ever wondered how it feels to be raided by bunch of savages in middle ages?Have you ever wondered how it feels to build your own house into wilderness in middle ages?Have you ever wondered how it feels to be pierced by a hog in middle ages?Have you ever wondered how it feels to commit cold blooded murder in middle ages?Have you ever wondered how it feels to shine a shoe for a cozy little hut in middle ages?Have you ever wondered how it feels to master survival skills in middle ages?If yes, i got good news for you: This game is TOTALLY for you!The possibilities are endless!10/10 game."
76561198009305075,Recommended,290080,22668433,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,INS Julius Khaldun,"Had a ton of promise,  but some things like mining took an unrealistic amount of time for a game. If it was real life or you had the time to dedicate your entire life to a game,  it'd be perfect."
,Recommended,290080,22790448,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Fuck You,Yeah
,Recommended,290080,25437411,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,☭ Autismo the Great ☭,Love the game
76561198019126037,Recommended,290080,26128020,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,legoman,"Don't take all the reviews as gospel, I have this game and have played it on and off since it first got released, currently it may not be quite worth what they are asking price wise, but it is a very well thought out game. The skills levelling system is very deep and the crafting possibilities are huge. I have only played this as a single player and it takes a long time to get anywhere but that's what makes it good, it will not be completed in a couple of weeks. And if you decide to join on of the community servers then their is some great role play to be had. 8/10"
76561197961915793,Not Recommended,290080,29327677,Posted: 17 January,all,Hercules Rockefeller,"I was supposed to get access to the MMO for my original ♥♥♥♥in purchase and instead they want another $50 and the game doesn't boot up anymore. Literally ran ♥♥♥♥♥ier every 6 months I tried to boot it since launch until now. Yea I played 220 hours. ♥♥♥♥ no it absolutely wasn't worth it. In YO the servers are tiny and it's the same dumb island every time. It was passable as a proof of concept of what was to come, but that never came, did it?"
76561198007191524,Not Recommended,290080,30502402,Posted: 13 March,all,Shinron,"I don't know, I want this game to be good. But the total lack of any real info from devs and just the general sadness of the current map. I can never really get pass a few hours before im totally bored. Might be good one day, but thats not today"
,Recommended,290080,30787684,Posted: 27 March,all,RangerOfDeath {mixer},"I can't choose to either rate this game yes or no. Theres a variety of reasons it feels amazing so when it is finished and out of early access I believe it'll be a great game, until then it has some issues for one it seems to crash a LOT, opening a menu equiping something although this might just be me i also noticed on task manager that it was using 50-60 % of my disk so although my computer is♥♥♥♥♥♥and that may be why its also a problem for who this is affecting besides me although it seems like a great game unfortently I cant get very far due to it crashing. Still would recommend if you have a good computer it has great feeling to it although I haven't seen much so I cant say for certain if theres more problems or if those are just a couple minor glitches on my end!"
,Not Recommended,290080,35436582,Posted: 2 October,all,maxxfairo1,Listen I really tried I have been playing survival and games of this nature since well since computers....I wish they had a wavy little hand that said so so on it .The pain staking process of clicking three things just to farm one thing and mass production is not what it is cracked up to be.The land flattening process is also a really time burner and dont get me started on the tutorial system...( one thing I did like was the onboard  wiki page and the videos ...if they where bigger.I know the devs have some other motive fo rmaking this game something about funding a mmo I dont care..I was getting the game for me and three sons to play but listen I cant suggest this one 6 hours in and I am still ...well lets just say in the Rain...yes six hours of rain ....???not sure what thats about...well me an my adhd ocd our MIA...
76561198046399669,Recommended,290080,12222906,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,liquidmetal_05,Played for about 7 hours yesterday. Had 2 crashes didnt take too long to get back in overall very stable for being in an alpha phase. Now my experience was very positive you basically just get dropped into the world and have to figure out how to survive.. the attention to realism into the game play mechanics was very refreshing for me personally. Especially with the mining aspect having to keep the furnace at a certain temperature to melt ore. Great potential in my opinion I personally look forward to see where it goes.
76561198034709333,Recommended,290080,12239626,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Jayko-Mayko,"Very fun, but has a long way to go.  Support it!!"
76561198151102490,Recommended,290080,13314513,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Speedy Weedy,Would R8 8/8 M8 This game is great! love everything about it mosty and the updates are fantasting worth every dollar!
76561198024401670,Recommended,290080,13411052,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,bushways,game has promise even in alpha but its a pian that I can't host. so I am always playing in another server until they shut it down and i start over (which is often). why the game crashes when I try to host is strange. hosting worked just fine until 0.3.2.1.
76561197970512783,Recommended,290080,13718909,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,DRAGO,"Great Game so far, can't wait for more updates.  People may be complaing about this game being misleading but they clearly state the differences between LIF:YO and LIF:MMO."
76561198090182879,Recommended,290080,13720942,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Tydrakar,heck yes
76561198156729190,Recommended,290080,13724438,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,ThePhoenix7645,devs plz fix the sound effects for the pickaxe when mining because its of
,Recommended,290080,14053119,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Ahkmedoodle Al Weedazi,If you've played Wurm Online ... it's like that but good.
,Recommended,290080,14439161,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Kolya,This game is Feudal
76561198121203100,Recommended,290080,15301210,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,R3dRose,Awesome game!! Would recommend to anyone that enjoys a challenge and a multi-tier skill system.
76561198038776999,Recommended,290080,16212849,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Crogster,"Addictive, amazing, Creative!! If this is early alpha I cant wait for the game release <3. The people giving it negative reviews are a few people of having loading issues. I assure you this is issolated as My brother, my friend and I all play this game and it laods bad on one of the Pcs.  They have had week patches and  release some great new content this week. Top game !!"
76561198061275043,Recommended,290080,18146270,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,latislatis,This is a very fun game if you like to build
,Recommended,290080,19145689,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Fort Mark,"The release went a bit rough for some with low end computers, but Im so glad they switched to DX11 cause the graphics are amazing! There is so much detail in this game I don't have time to mention, but I would highly recommend it to anyone."
76561198119481610,Recommended,290080,19230125,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Brother Bjal,"It is like Savage lands, Chivalry and a hole other great bits!"
76561198007264241,Recommended,290080,26083178,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,NightOwl,"This game to me is an escape from the crap of everyday real life. I enjoy it very much and have a great time crafting new items and the discovery of things as the game progresses. If you have patiences, I recomend this game. If you don't, then I would not buy it. This game takes time in all things, but feels very rewarding when you accomplish it. Like any game it could use a few simple things as the weather affecting the character with warm and cold temps, moon phases and birds flying in the air. But over all I enjoy it very much and maybe this will get added. Onward Oh! My feudal comrades. P.S. Sorry for any words spelled wrong. I've had 2 beers and it's 3:30 in the morning."
76561198025942604,Not Recommended,290080,29407646,Posted: 21 January,all,Wanted514,"Worst multiplayer interface ever. Make you run through hoops installing database softwares and all that just to play a nice lan session with a flatm8.You try to use the in game non dedicated server, it takes an ungodly amount of time to get up, and no one can connect to it anyway.Refund x2No comments about the game, i never even played it."
76561198125313679,Recommended,290080,12197428,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,BigWillyStyles,The fire ate my fish as I starved to death. 12/10 would cook fish again.
,Recommended,290080,12222584,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Watson,"If Skyrim and Minecraft had a baby. It would be Life is Feudal. Much like Rust you start off with nothing and move up to build your empire.If you enjoy building, medieval war, and much much more. I highly recommend this (early access) to you!"
76561198093257127,Recommended,290080,12228692,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Kilon Kasio,"Even though it is early access, I can say the game is running relatively smooth for me. I love survival games, crafting games and medevil type games. This game hit the nail on the head so far."
,Recommended,290080,12233157,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,mrknifey,"i know this is early access, i've been there before with the unstable builds and game reboots...but so far i have 60mins of game time, about 15mins of which is actual play...i have crashed 4 times, and every time a server is a deadend or crashes, i have to exit the game to get back to the server lists as it doesnt automatically return me there, and back doesn't work. add to that an expensive pricetag comparatively to other early access games, i think i was expecting more. more stability most of all.that said, the game looks like it will be awesome. the crafting system is reasonable and relatively intuitive; i had a knife, axe and fishing rod in minutes. the 1v1 combat is simple but perfect for a game that doesn't only focus on killing each other, but i haven't gotten far enough to test the formation system.so long story short? at this stage, i'll play something else until this gets stabilised. 4 crashes in an hour is pretty intense and frustrating even for alpha. but i'll definately check beck regularly because i truly believe that this will be a fun mmorpg where we can build towns and be medievel together :)"
76561197974637187,Recommended,290080,12261581,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Dat Hobo,So far I love this game.  Yea it's a ♥♥♥♥♥ to figure out at first.  After a few webpages and youtube videos you get going pretty quick.  It has a few bugs yes.  Nothing too gamebreaking though.  Who would have thought that after work I would come home to relax and fire up a game where I'm digging a ditch.  Digging ditches has never been more fun!  Excited at the possibilities that this game will have to offer.
,Not Recommended,290080,12268868,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,deen wispa,I will have two regrets when I die;Not being able to keep the love of my life 10 years ago.Paying $40 and spending 10+ hours of my life grinding for a buggy hyped-up game that will not deliver on it's promise.The only bright side to this is that I only spent a little over 10 hours. This is not the Open World Sandbox  Survival MMO game you are looking for. Move on.
,Recommended,290080,12335358,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Gauvner,"Spent ages building a platform for a base with a few friends, crafted a Alchemist's Table and then someone put it on there back and stole it.10/10"
,Recommended,290080,12670290,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,N O V A,Life is Feudal is a hyper realistic medieval survival game that will put you into the shoes of a serf. This game is not for the lone wolf as it will task you to survive and also continue to develop your land. My only complaint about this game is how heavy it is on computer resources... I have many friends who wish to play this but fall behind due to their computers. Once this game is optimized it will be one of the best survival games on the market.
76561198043703596,Recommended,290080,13359411,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Yieldsign,"A great game and nice idea behind the game. I can spend hours playing it. Because the game is still in development, one has to be prepared to start over if any major updates occur, which is normal for games in development."
,Recommended,290080,13486302,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Azirin,"I've had this game for a while and I've put some decent time into it, at least I think so. I have to say I like the game a lot, it plays on my hardcore survival style yet gives me reason to actually work with other people. The skill system is very close to Wurm Online's skills, actually... The game is almost identical in structure aside from the combat and the faster game progression. The combat stands out quite a bit as something akin to... Oh I don't know, Mount and Blade I'd wager. It is still a bit clunky due to the early access release part but all together it is fun. If you see this on sale, buy it. It is a fun game to watch be built up. *Also, the ""Life is Feudal: Your Own"" if I remember right is the personal sever while the standard should be an MMO."
,Recommended,290080,13508456,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Dingo,"Fun, but only with friends"
76561198125859888,Recommended,290080,13509577,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Argyll,"This game is really fun, I would recommend it to people who like RPG games."
76561198028622569,Not Recommended,290080,13799308,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,DADDY-OOPS,the game does NOT work for me. ?
76561198034190864,Recommended,290080,14120152,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Atruin_Augustus,you get what you put in. so if u play like 3 hours then you dont get anything out... best played with friends.
,Recommended,290080,14301402,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,CouldntDeal,"Okay... wow. Found a server that was incredibly hard to rank up in skills...played with a friend, we split the duties...our base is coming together, and by base, i mean its been a real day and we have some fence up and a crate...but god damn are we proud of our fences and crates.Oh yeah, he threw a rock at me once for fun, and he broke my leg from a huge range away."
,Not Recommended,290080,14306542,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,MiscOnduct,Haven't played long for a reason. Any server with a decent amount of people on it seems to have a bad GM. Servers owned by people and unfortunately abuse their privelages. Don't waste your time with this game if you don't want to put up with unfair treatment on a populated server. The other option is playing the servers with 10 people on it..personally i don't want to play a medieval sandbox with 10 people in it.
,Recommended,290080,26215761,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Codex,"I was a priest named Brandan Lamberstan.Arrived at a unknown land with only my devotion to God to hold my bones.Walked right into a viking village, was made a slave. Between that there was a lot of character development.Haha, fun times.Now, the game is excellent if you like Roleplaying a character.The main critique I have for the game is the loading time and the quantity of players.There aren't enough players to make it run smoothly, roleplaying-wise. Sure it has some tech problems and stuff...But that doesn't matter to me.Only the RP aspect matters and the lack of players, at least at the server I was playing (GREAT server btw, Australian Realm of Fury, much detailed and organic!), was what made me step out for some time."
,Recommended,290080,12225958,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Mr1rsole,If you have a lot of time on your hand then play this game if not don't buy it.
76561198042871561,Recommended,290080,18472854,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Chris,"I should mention that this isn't a game to play if you want things to move quickly. but really, it's a lot of fun once you get started."
,Recommended,290080,20521795,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,RepsaJ,"I do not understand why this game got mixed reviews. It is one of the best survival games at the moment. In most survival games after 1 week you have crafted everything and you start enhancing your PvP skills. Well in Life is Feudal this is not the case. Depending on how large your group is, after 1 week you will not have made a castle (ingame name Keep or Large Keep) up yet. You first need to do other things. What other things? Well farming, wood cutting, mining, setting up a wall, warehouse, chests, blacksmithing, setting up a snare trap to get a chicken or hare, taming a horse or cow, or both!, etc).Setting up a decent farm already costs about a week solo play with 2 hours playing time each day. But since you also need the correct tools you also need a blacksmith. Oooh darn... you need to have a friend who learns that skill because thats another tier.Welcome in Life is Feudal, where it takes a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of time to actually do things. Which forces players to work together and focus on 1 skill tier each (Metalworking, Woodworking, Herbology, Engineering, Argiculture). You need players from every tier to set up a good base, or trade with other towns (/ people) in the server. This sounds hard, annoying and stupid but it is actually the most social and hard working survival game I have played in months (or even years).So now im going to chop wood for at least 3 hours to have 25% of my wall finished before the evening...A small note: Yes there is PvP and it is overpowered which forces smaller players to forge deals with their landlords (taxes) or work together with other towns to start a rebellion. PvP works almost flawless altough I do not have much experience in that yet."
,Recommended,290080,23487258,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,killeraapje123+ caserandom.com,its a nice game
,Recommended,290080,25026448,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Bolt-Action Hero,Learn to love to dig dirt.
,Recommended,290080,12176506,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Dolador,"Very playable in this early alpha stage, and it will only get better from there. I suggest watching some youtube videos to get a better understanding of how to play the game, or you can be like me and figure it out in about an hour of testing. :)"
76561198066333644,Recommended,290080,12223919,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,scoop,"excellent game and VERY DEEP gameplay. although I couldn´t connect to any server yet (game crashes when I try), even the single-player side trying out stuff and finding the right way to do stuff is pretty amazing. the crafting and building is out of the park. no game I have played comes close.some stuff takes a LONG time to do, but it is a medieval sim / MMO, so I think it fits the genre quiet well.also, when playing in teams, I can only imagine how important cooperation, trade and teamwork will be.I like it and can only recommend.now if I could only find a way to play online and tag along with others....."
76561198075747350,Not Recommended,290080,35398871,Posted: 1 October,all,CThatch,"I loved this game when I was playing as Allen Carter on a Role play server.Besides the character I played this game pretty much sucks and the devs shouldn't be supported in future games.Two games now they have released unfinished with bugs, glitches and tech problems."
76561198068519088,Recommended,290080,12630500,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Can't Killean The Zilean,"Great game truely great, but a few weeks ago when i tried to launch a server the server crashes and i cant play any more. When i actually had the game though, it was great."
76561197968359681,Recommended,290080,13083471,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,b33f,"This game is fantastic in its early stages:1)  Craft from the bottom up; start with some low quality, simple ingredients and get your first tier tools going and some day (a long ways away for those playing on RPG settings) craft huge castles, windmills, buildings, and many weapons and armor types.2)  Hungry? Better start a farm, gather seeds and good quality soil, plant when it's sunny (harvest the same) and see your quality/quantity increase3)  Lonely? Not good, this game requires teaming up with folks, especially after they introduced the decay systemThe prerequisites for many medium to high skilled items usually require 1 ingredient that is just a pain to get w/o the help of another person following a different specialization.This game is a time sink, be warned.  For early access it's real nice but if you're looking for a polished game this is not.The fighting might be a little sketchy so if you're looking for a lot of action, it isn't going to interest you at its current stage.Craft, eat, kill, repeat. A little light on the killing, heavy on the craft."
,Recommended,290080,13222361,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Jimmy0117,"If you loved Mount and blades persistant worlds, than you will love this game."
76561197978435543,Recommended,290080,13227252,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Dr.Khaos,"Imagine Minecraft and Chivalry were ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥d at a party and they decided it's a good idea to make out and do the whole ""no pants dance"" thing. A few month later this comes out. You can tell that there is a lot of stuff missing and the inventory and overall interface looks like a Kindergarten student did that in MS Paint. So just give it time.Apart from that funny. I killed a deer."
,Recommended,290080,13338622,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,calsin,I've enjoyed everything about this game.
76561198048042766,Recommended,290080,13401444,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,nitro198,"This is a very nice game I love it, I was just hoping for a single player option so that i don't have to be connected to the internet when playing the game. But I really hope they create a single player option later. There is still a few problems with the game: first the ground has a few bad spots where you can look throught the ground, second when you run or walk in the field, the man just stops, it is if something block you but there is no object in front of you and third the game loads very slow to create a server that is also a reason why I want to play single player mode."
,Recommended,290080,13519141,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,pizzaboy043,its a cool game i recommend it you need a verry strong computer
,Recommended,290080,16200980,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Kanki,"My spec ;i3 - 4150 = 3.5GhzRam         = 8GbVGA         = HIS R7 265 2Gb 256bitRunning at max setting without problemThis game is really hard, though mostly you go play alone building this or that for your own sake (better play with friend) you need to learn many receipt and basic, there is a ton of it and very balanceNew patch is giving us horses which is good.What i like from this game is if you could be pacifist and stay peace, or be an opportunist loot from fallen war, you dont need to always become builder at a time, you can become a herbalist, a warrior,  a builder, a worker, a scavenger, etc. because most server people fill with builder and warriorTo play single player is to turn off all internet security and antivirus ? What a joke...better play with other server which currently empty"
76561198074256635,Recommended,290080,22771256,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,BROVAHKIN,"Well I got killed by a boar on my first day, then got high off herbs and drunk the next, and then well now I dont think I can get into University...It has taken my life"
76561198005722805,Recommended,290080,23972960,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,D.S.Jensen,"Bye job, wife and slim body. . . New life starts here..Its better then Wurm Online (In my eyes) But You must know there is gonna be hours of work to get your dream castle or village up."
,Recommended,290080,25463548,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,A Devil Chicken,"Putting it simply, this is a great game. when it first came out I was on it a LOT. I noticed this in a lot of positive reviews, but not as much as the negative. Just like a lot of multiplayer games or even some forced singleplayers, it is always so much better with friends. Have a group of 5 guys who all have the game? Brilliant! Hop on a server and begin building your empire! This game takes a ton of work, which, yea, might not be the best of interest for some people, but if you have a lot of freetime along with some friends, this can be an extremely rewarding experience. To hammer in the point of you NEED other people more, there is a skillcap. So, no, you can't be the guy who spends 22 hours a day playing this to get all skills maxed and then just wreck everything. You need a community to play with, to compliment your skills, and most of all to have fun. Sadly, this game is not getting much attention anymore, as everyone is getting ready for the MMO, which is advancing at a snails pace, or then the new seemingly unessecary LIF: Forest Village. Once again the choice is personal and it is up to you to buy it or not, but I would recommend this with friends. If your friends decide to drift away from this game, and you have no one to play with, you sorta stop playing it like I did. At the same time, I am starting to get back into it again"
,Recommended,290080,14172481,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,GrubbNStuff,overall the price is a little steep. $40 for an early access game is a bit much. but the gameplay is good from what ive played. and its an enjyable experience when you get in game.pros: extensive ui and can run on almost every configuration.very well thought out and well done being executed.very rich crafting system and skills menu.cons: very long loading times for servers.to create a world you have to disable your firewall no matter what- (its an early access thing)and be a bit confusing starting out.overall i would recommend because the gameplay without  is the best part of this game.
76561198076397544,Recommended,290080,14320106,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Levi,♥♥♥♥ yeah. of corse i recommend this game. it is awesome!
76561198010177140,Recommended,290080,19142287,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Ardendro,I love this concept! But it needs to speed up.
,Recommended,290080,28525000,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Dawbsy™ is sad.,I followed a bull for about an hour.It took me to the ocean.We had a nice long walk on the beach.I beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of him to level my skills to fifty.Would commit domestic violence against bovines again.
76561198136027835,Recommended,290080,31500020,Posted: 1 May,all,Rubz,"I've played LiF:YO for a decent amount of time and gone trough all the stages of from nothing to a big castle, one thing i can tell you right away is that this isn't a game for everyone, its grindy and NOT a game to play alone if you wish to accomplish something great.However you do feel rewarded for all the effort you put into the game, which is why i stayed! as of right now LiF:YO isn't getting loads of updates and new features, but LiF:MMO is. Which is the same game just instead of 64 players its 10.000 and a huge map. I feel like LiF:YO is good for learning the basics since this game has the biggest learning curve i've seen in a game so far.So what makes LiF so great?- Crafting system: There is so much to craft and its so complex, so you will feel good after learning something new.- Building system: The objects you can make are amazing and all of it matter even when you've reached endgame- Advanced combat: So many different weapons with unique playstyle and abilities, commands and unit formations!- Skill trees: This is what matters in the long run and the reason why you can't play solo, due to the fact you can only do something while your friends can do other things.- Gathering: Mining is one of my favorites and chopping down trees, it'll feel boring after a while but try to make the best out of it.I have nothing bad to say about the game other than it forces you to play with more people than some are comfortable with, i personally like to play with 2-3 players when its more than that it feels unsocial and a bit like going to work."
,Recommended,290080,31999440,Posted: 27 May,all,BrodenPlays YT,"I wanted to write a review for this game, as I wrote one for LiF: Forest Village, cause it seems that this needs to be stated. I don't like the practices of this company. Life is Feudal was a fun game when I played it, and it has been fun so far. But there are some things plaguing my experience that I need to express. I don't really like that they keep ""releasing"" a game out of beta and alpha when some features are not finished. Also, it seems like they over promise and never really deliver, which is something you should never do.I just needed to get that off my chest. Now, for the game, I think it is fun. I think you will enjoy it. You will grind, a lot, so if you enjoy grinding, this is the game for you. I will say that I will still 'recommend' this game, but it will be with you knowing about that first paragraph. If you are someone who just wants to play a game, I think you will like this. But if you are someone who cares about the developers and practices behind the scenes (I know not everyone does) then I will advise you against it."
,Recommended,290080,14332511,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Survivalist07,"everybody says it is mix of minecraft and mount and blade...But if u really know, u can easyly say ULTIMA ONLINE . it worths every single pennies.definitely awesome..."
76561197989321799,Recommended,290080,15430559,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Orticus,"Hardcore ""SEMI STABLE"" full medieval sim with both economic and warfare tech tree's of equal depth.My main negative of the game is the combat. The model hit box's and weapon damage are nowhere near finished or balanced makeing combat unrealistic.For example 1v1 combat vs a player in very very expensive full plate, a naked player with just a big high damage weapon will usually win.All the other early access faults i can live with but the combat one was just too much to bare for my community to deal with so we shut down the server untill they sort it out.However i still recomend the game for low pop/RP servers, there is still alot of good game mechanics to play around with if pvp combat is low priority."
,Recommended,290080,24280550,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Lukoss,Great medieval survival game. Very realistic and fun with friends.
76561198033842032,Not Recommended,290080,26460614,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,CrazyJoe,What a grind. Should be paid a paycheck to play this game
,Recommended,290080,26956221,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Seanster,"Started playing with friends, they left me to build the castle on my own :("
76561198175663319,Recommended,290080,27102450,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,"Mirza ""ThePanicGuy""",One of the Greatest of ALLL TIME !!
76561198177223153,Not Recommended,290080,34660989,Posted: 1 September,all,King Stannis,This game is like being forced to take the black and live the rest of your days on the wall defending the realm against wildlings.
,Not Recommended,290080,30302001,Posted: 3 March,all,pellerossa,The interface is as bad as it was when it came out ions ago.
76561197968685348,Not Recommended,290080,12270477,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Eddy8888,"It should have a big fat warning saying, ""This game doesnt work with 7.1 USB headphones."" It doesnt have audio for what must be many many people. Check the forums it's common."
76561198010300638,Recommended,290080,34183952,Posted: 11 August,all,Ruks,good game but need some more work on it
76561198159564735,Recommended,290080,27724381,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tunca,bu oyun adamı yoruyor. ağır amele similatörü kendisi
76561198129995068,Recommended,290080,15201036,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Tzatziki,"i recommend this game, but there a few buggy situations which there are going to be in the pre alpha:-textures on huts-textures on trees-rendered distance (textures not loading properly)apart from that i think the game in great just needs a few issues fixing:)"
76561198000494951,Not Recommended,290080,29988179,Posted: 17 February,all,Master-T,dont buy your just alpha/beta testing for a MMO version...belive at 1 point the told us we wil get a ticket for the MMO....that forum page have been removed and instead you get 10$ off of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ price 60-120$... So unless you have 10 friends with no work and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of time...dont buy
,Recommended,290080,33014306,Posted: 29 June,all,Dubzy_TV LIVE !,good game only buy it if you have a brainvery in depth buildingsome good servers with helpful people and also good chill game dont get why there is so many negative reviews
76561198006579797,Not Recommended,290080,25523236,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Ulysses,"A stillborn early access game! S**t! Nothing happens, no development, this game is dead before it's born. Don't waste your money.In the last times you have only 2 kinds of early access games: survivals WITH ZOMBIES (boring and all similar),and survivals WHITHOUT ZOMBIES (so called ""realistic"" , ha ha ha!). I bought many early access games and only 2 out of 50 made it to a real game. It's a f***ing fraud. Some ""developers"" bring out a beta version of a game and then kiss a*s - good bye, the game is a dead duck like this. I'm really through with early access games in between! Too many peeps who think they can make easy money with a stolen beta version!"
76561198128293601,Recommended,290080,30988551,Posted: 6 April,all,BrittNayNay,this game is awsome. i recommend this game to everyone!
76561198142216577,Recommended,290080,30847349,Posted: 30 March,all,Ozgamer,"i bought this game recently after thinking about it for probably 12 months, and it's right up my alley as far as gaming goes, survivalism etc.the only downside i can see with this game,my time ingame doesnt actually match what i've actually played, the rest of the time has been trying to get the dedicated server software working. it has taken me a week but i finally figured out how to run a dedicated server... i wouldnt get this game unless you want to play with others, that's crux of it, because it's an MMORPG. i'm not a fan of humans so i like to run my own private server, so unless you are a MP person i wouldnt recommend this, but if you like to grind and do things YOUR WAY. as i do, then go ahead and buy this game, but wait for a SALE. specially if you are an australian because our dollar is rubbish at the moment, and the game will cost you around 60$ so wait."
,Recommended,290080,29594247,Posted: 30 January,all,Niko,Form your own world with your bare feets. Kill innocent villagers with pitchforks. Yell at everyone who isn't following your village rules. Create a kingdom no one else have seen before. Give it an autenthic name like America.
76561198117155397,Not Recommended,290080,16464612,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Holvr,"This review won't be in-depth. It will be short and to the point: When MMO version of ths game comes online (yes, version, because THIS PRODUCT IS NOT AN MMO! It is LOCAL version you can make your own server on - just to be clear) and when it's actually playable, it will be a good game. For now it is not. I strongly advise not to buy it in its current shape."
76561198053620315,Recommended,290080,35097211,Posted: 20 September,all,Dar Kensytus,Amazing game. Best I have ever played.You can really shape the world around you to a medieval stage of your choosing.You can truly interact with other players in an immersive community of great people.You can actually spend thousands of hours in this game and not get bored.11/10 Too sexy for its shovel.
,Recommended,290080,14827271,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,IcewaterCreekStudios,"Status;""IN PROGRESS""If you like or have played;The Forest, Stranded Deep, 7 Days to Die, H1N1, Mount Blade Warband, or ANY freaking Survival Game title... heck anything where you can build, craft, level and/or survive...ITS TIME YOU DO ALL THAT AND  PUNCH SOMEONE IN THE FACE!In this game you can build, train, level, scavenge, hide, craft, melt, fish, smelt, felt, belt, make a belt, run, jump, skin, rob, gift, slam, shoot, stab, mine, grab, take a swim.... you get the idea.... but the best part is PUNCH SOMEONE IN THE FACE!Run endlessly in your underware/briefs/boxers/skivies.... and literally, whilst you scare everyone you come across! ""My what a small package to fear in that one"", you hear off in the distance.If you want to kick, scream, run from animals, then turn and hunt those animals, get in a guild, get out of a guild, burn down a guild or barn, burn a house, make a house, make a hammer for that fist you have that is going to PUNCH SOMEONE in the FACE!!! DO IT NOW!THIS GAME IS FOR YOU!!  IT WILL OUTPLAY, OUTCRAFT, OUT IN-DEPTH, OUTGRAPHICS, OUT RESOURCE and OUT PUNCH ANY TITLE EVER..... IN THE FACE!GET IT! You wont regret it!Now that my poor advertisement is over... now for a serious review!Pros; (There are no pros in this game, it is getting ready to start BETA)Amazing endless, in-depth Crafting Content (So much content we just pee'd)Amazing in-depth Skill Tree (So skilled I need to really not drink while playing)Great Wiki and Help on any serverVery well polished Alpha, doesnt even feel like Alpha (Nope dont know what your talkin bout!)Fantastic Server choices and gameplay to choose fromVERY active community and support (Like a big freakin party!!!)Constant work done professionally and responsibly (yes suuur... no maam... 10-4)Terrific Graphics (ooooohh....ahhhhhhh.... eeew... what was that? )Fantastic Map and no hangups or stuck situations (Well sometimes but no one hears you if your not close enough!)Endless ways to play(Until you die)HUGE Sandbox with actual freedom(B-52 plays in background... Love Shack...)Animals and AI that chase, kill, and run from you very well done. No stupid AI for them. Great animal detail.and still... I keep forgetting it was Alpha! Now about to be BETA! (Oh yeah! Finally!)NOT A GRIND UNLESS YOU CHOOSE TO GRIND, (ie... server choice and we said it before)Cons; (Jail time... oh yes we can build it and you will come!)Too many servers as too many people want to own a world its so good, so popluation is thin if you dont get on the right servers.(So... get on the right server that suits your playstyle and population requirements. Duh!)Reviews written that dont do the growth justice!Updates to the poor reviews never updated.. so keep up with our reviews!(change who you follow people. Only active curators serve the community well! LIKE US!!Still in Alpha at the time of this review, but now about to be BETA!Horses not implimented yet (must need the meat... EEEEW) and there are slight map glitches where you can see thru areas of terrain, but it seems to be fixed and horses are coming in BETA we believe. Hope. Well... if they do not allow mounts, then guess what, we still got our feet!People attack too much without much reprocussion while your building. Stopping constant to deal with threats. Its time consuming but part of the game. A negative for some, for others its awsome! Let the beating's begin!(New moment in recent play, seems there is reprocussion for being an A-hole... more A-holes... out to fong the lone A-hole!YES! For some, an A-hole party is just what they need! Turn head.. Cough... and Say AHHHH!Poor exposure and sad I didnt get it sooner. But at least we have it now... and thats more than we can say for you if your still reading this! Muuuahhhhha!DEVS! Hire ICEWATER CREEK STUDIOS!They will get you all the exposure you want! Very cool group!Solid Buy! Get it today!They are still progressing! Rock on gang! Keep up the good work!Discalimer; The Review Crew's evaluations are based on paying close attention to forum response and activity, system demand, fun of the game genre, position of originality in respective genre, growth of the project in its current state at time of review, graphics as a whole for end user, presentation of the game and display, replayability, patch/tweak progress, beginner friendliness & gameplay direcction, content & depth, attention to detail on small things(polish), lag and multiplayer application if applicable, badge card availability, with a minimum 8 hours of gameplay and interaction with customer base after release. We are not affliliated with any specific brand or entity or on any payroll. All views are based on positive only feedback as we are in no position to criticise anyones craft, just current states of development and progress at the time of our participation. If we offend anyone with our content, it was not us! Our review was hacked!"
,Not Recommended,290080,16456210,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,CREED,"So.. At this moment I have 26 hours logged on this game, and the biggest accomplishment?  I built a hut, and made some iron bars.  The trailer looks awesome!! However, it takes FOREVER to get to that stage in this game.  There's so much grinding I havent even scraped the surface of what the game offers!  This game isn't terrible, it's just so slow!!"
76561198019417237,Not Recommended,290080,14007756,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Hauggy,"Could be better, a bit expensive for what it is right now."
76561198042095046,Recommended,290080,14205377,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,|Ethos|,Fell asleep while building a house10/10
76561198107805704,Recommended,290080,15240366,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,pykester12,very great game
76561198027944360,Recommended,290080,13097567,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Dracon,"Game is expensive but totaly worth of every peny, Its connection of minecraft + pvp system, Only diffrence is nice graphic and construction must be done from prepared blueprints (at this moment player can't design his own buildings) game is lot of fun and its updated all the time!"
,Not Recommended,290080,16459453,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,dat1LARPchick,"In it's current state... no, no, no, no, no. I know it is early access, but it has a million bugs, missing content, choppy animations, it's pretty terrible.Move on, find another game that actually has people workiong on it. The concept is great, and when I saw this as at PAX east I was amazed. but... yea save your money.Update: The game still sucks despite all these ""updates"". poor optimization, poor controls, Dont you dare Alt tab out! the game wont know how to handle it when you alt tab back in, like a prepubescent female teen whose boyfriend has a hot cousin"
,Recommended,290080,19161024,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,The Supreme Gentleman,Still Terraforming for my perfect village.10/10
76561197983416910,Not Recommended,290080,24809016,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Damaharus,"The game is fun in the start but, once you played it, you can't help to feel that the devs are just to lazy to improve it, and they focus  more on a game that no one gets to see, just rumors that they are alot further on LIF:MMO than LIF:YO.But if both games are the same, how hard is it to implement some of it to one another?So i would not Recommend this game anymore, it's a waste of time and effort."
76561198053922906,Not Recommended,290080,22796058,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Hades,Been playing this game for quite a while now and a gamebreaking issue came out of nowhere after a new patch. My tanning tubes and drying rack been freezing each time I logged out. So that mean no leather and no ropes for me plus I needed to build up new tanning tubes and rack each time. In this game you NEED both so I stopped playing.I did some research and this issue have been reported like a year ago and its still there... Devs have no clue how to reproduce this issue so basicly I spent over 80h on my city for nothing and will need to wait for quite a while to be able to make some leather again...Ya I know its not a polished game yet but I mean cmon you guys couldnt fix this before and the MMO is almost there?Other then that its a nice game and its♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off to not be able to play.
76561198033038612,Not Recommended,290080,23090764,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Whooplaah,"This game is a grind simulator. You will spend most of your time watching a progress bar fill up and listening to bad audio clips on a loop. It takes hours to do anything. Expect to spend 20 hours working towards the first storage container, and throwing away a lot of supplies while working towards that point. Servers are buggy,The developers have not been good about bug fixing or updates.Also, I'm particularly angered that when I bought the game I met the recommended system requirements, but in a patch they upped the graphics requirements and aren't giving refunds to players (like myself) who can no longer play the game."
,Not Recommended,290080,14283217,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,IBXV,This game is too broken to play.I spent more time trying to figure out how this game worked then actually playing it.it's so tedious that i resorted to cheats.The game now crashes on loading and I cannot fix it.The dev's seem to be focusing on their MMO rather then this title.I want my money back.
76561198002977983,Recommended,290080,16251430,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Ravenwingbike,A very visually pleasing game and loads of fun to play. Can be a steep learning curve however there are plenty of how to video's on the community to help you along. Even in Alpha testing stage I have yet to encounter any bugs that inhibit gameplay. Working in team with each person specializing in a different area will make the game easier to achieve your goals.
,Recommended,290080,18860884,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Saddest_Boi,ey dis game is dankerino <3
76561198012998130,Recommended,290080,19636713,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Dark,Awesome game shouldn't still have mixes reviews as others have said
76561198128474448,Recommended,290080,16196348,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Zack_Batcountry,good game vry emersve and takes real amount of time to craft and buildin my opinion btr than rust and reign of kings if u whant a midevil survival sandbox game this is it
,Not Recommended,290080,20829981,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Rezulm,"Still doesn't work on my new, modern system without jumping through hoops.  But it worked on my older laptop and the skill system was great in my first go before I got the new PC.  Had high hopes for this but not willing to play the ""opt in"" thing just to fix something that no other title I own is experiencing.  (Caveat:  I waited over 2 months before writing this review after reading about many others with the same issue of game not even opening on new hardware).Update:  Still doesn't work.  Feel robbed by a hack dev team that must have at least some talent but no professionalism.  And now I hear from more recent reviews they are charging $40 for it and have removed early access tag?  What is going on here?  Seems like money grab and thank you ma'am.  I guess they know they won't be held accountable in the long run..."
,Not Recommended,290080,22404414,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,JonnyTrump,"Invisible trees, check. ""Your computer isn't good enough to run this, by our check's standards"" message, check. This game is a buggy mess.I love the concept and the way the game plays. It's great. But the fact that I can't walk for a single minute without having to navitgate through a forest of trees I can't even see once I get within 50 feet of them kind of ruins it. And that's after I try and launch the game several times, each time telling me ""You can't handle the DirectX needed for this!"" But I can, and eventually it lets me.I'd excuse these if the game still claimed to be in early access. It looks like this is an actual release though. A buggy, $40 after over a year, messy release.This game has a lot going for it. The slow pace and demand for cooperation in traditional servers makes it a really nice kind of game. You want to be a village blacksmith? Cool, you can in this. Want to be a farmer and trade food for tools of your trade? That's a thing you can do. Want to be a soldier and fight in warring factions? That can be done as orderly or chaoticly as you want. So much potential in this game.Please, I want to like it. Fix the bugs that ruin it. Until they're fixed, I can't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,290080,22175609,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Templar,"To the Developers-""1. Thou Shalt Not Release Broken PC GamesFor there is a special place in Hell for those who release unfinished, buggy, and broken games, and yet that doth not appear to frighten publishers as it should. Thou shalt not release PC games that crash immediately after launch. Thou shalt not release PC games that hitch and stutter even on powerful PCs. Thou shalt not release PC games that require gamers to trawl forum threads in search of arcane workarounds to improve performance. Thou shalt not release PC games with busted controls, or missing graphics options, or broken DRM, or non-functional online play.The solution to these problems is simple: Thou shalt dedicate more people to testing and optimizing thine games before launch. Thou shalt invest more heavily in QA, and in PC-specific testers. In other words, thou shalt take this♥♥♥♥♥♥seriously, for thine paying customers are not thine quality assurance department. And really, thou shalt apply this approach to games on every platform, PC and otherwise.If thou art to fail in any of the above regards, thou shalt be appropriately contrite, and shalt not rest until the game works properly. And if a user requesteth a refund for a game they preordered, lo, thou shalt grant the refund, apologize, and ask no further questions.""-http://kotaku.com/the-ten-commandments-of-pc-gaming-1670058011"
,Not Recommended,290080,23999270,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,RMS©™TiggaTheNibba,Two words: Poorly Optimised
,Not Recommended,290080,23828239,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SouthGaming,"I have tried for 30 minutes to get into a game or to create one myself. I managed to play for literally 5 seconds and then the game crashes. I'd like this fixed so I can actually start playing this game, because it looks realy fun!"
,Not Recommended,290080,25275891,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Flanderino,"I have this game since January and I only played a few hours. Not because the game is bad, but because you can't play it on ""your own"" like the name sugests. It's extremely sllow to get any progress by yourself, really, and then someone kills you and your progress is gone.ANDThe combat is very bad. I have 700+ hours on M&B: Warband and even in that old game the combat is better, I mean, same idea but did wrong. Your dude takes like forever to swing his weapon, it's so sllow...I'm not that good at reviews, but I had to express my opinion about this. My advice is: If you want to give it a try, find a clan or some friends to play with. Thanks"
,Not Recommended,290080,25346031,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Chairman,they could use this game to torture prisoner's of war.
76561198024155818,Not Recommended,290080,20858774,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Hook,"This is a pretty fun game, my brother and I found some people and we all started building a town.  We had a stone wall, a blacksmith, warehouse, etc. and a few rival neighboring towns who we would get into the occasional skimirsh with.  It was a pretty fun experience playing and working with a bunch of people.Completing tasks like building structures or crafting weapons and armor can be very rewarding because of the time it takes to complete, but the Catch 22 is that this does take a lot of time and not everyone can put that into a video game.  It is not a game you can jump in and out of.  It should really be reserved for kids on summer break or the unemployed.Also, the biggest drawback is how bad the combat system is.  It is terrible.  I could have gotten really into the game if the combat system was a lot less glitchy and nuanced.  As it is, you just swing and *sometimes* you hit the person?  And blocks are pretty much inconsistent.  It could have been a good game because of the scope and complexities of it, but the comabt turned it into a mediocre to bad game."
76561197974315887,Not Recommended,290080,30499418,Posted: 13 March,all,Yurizle,"An aquired taste, however very autistic and not going places."
76561198071455684,Recommended,290080,19567509,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,819-KILLA,great game !!
,Not Recommended,290080,12480077,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Jenneke,"Version at time of writing: 0.2.1Pros:It has potential.Cons:UI is a pain to use.Actions seem to have very little effect in the world.Notes:Since this is an early build, it's enitrely possible that things will improve. It's also possible that I'm simply ""doing it wrong"". Even so, I'd still recommend waiting before buying."
,Not Recommended,290080,23411377,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Lord Atreides,I REALLY WANT TO LIKE THIS GAME... i just cant.. It looks amazing.. has every feature i want... but... but... it's so clicky.. the interface has you left clicking selecting menues for so many things it's terrible. To get a branch off a tree i have to go up to it click on it select produce then wait for it to pick off a branch as this progress bar slowly go's across my screen... I want to run up to a tree and smash it with my hands to get the darn branch. I should be able to claw at it to get off the bark i should be able to equip an axe in my hand and just chop the darn thing down. It would be awesome if there was an interface system like ARK Survivor Evolved. Diffrent tools for collecting diffrent things. would make the game so much more interactive and enjoyable. The game looks stunning though first class..but is just not playable.. takes to much time to do simple things...
76561198030767953,Not Recommended,290080,12467739,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Javert,"This game still needs lots of work.  The install package is bugged - have to delete and fix some of the files then manually tell it to install other things to get it to allow you to create a server and there are some significant grind/balance issues.  That being said I am extreemely excited regarding this game.  It has amazing graphics, the water I thought was particularly impressive as there were waves.  It actually reminded me of swimming in the ocean.  The music is some of the best I have heard in a very long time.  Its not there yet though so unless you are willing to put up with the typical things you would expect from an early alpha then wait, but definately keep your eye on this one."
76561198041138095,Recommended,290080,19586931,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,t0@st3r0v3n,"If you like Wurm, you will like this game.  Very time consuming, and better played with a group.  If you don't mind the grind, there is a beautiful world waiting for you to make your mark."
76561197995020722,Recommended,290080,19652504,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Michio Kepler,"At first the game seemed difficult to work with,The tutorial is average and ideally need someone to guide you through.Fortunately finding a decent RP server a group of people aided and guided me through some of the crafting.Once you get the hang of this, things actually start to get really enjoyable. The skill tree is a nice concept too alongside most server offering a skill cap, which forces players to not just be a 'jack of all trades' but pick up a specific role within a group.One drawback being found as game time is accumulated is the graphical engine itself, its not efficient at all and can cause frame rates to fall drastically. Being that it is still in alpha I hope that this will be tuned a little, since higher end cards can struggle rendering visuals.It certainly needs more work before being released officially as an MMO but it shows some real potential with the level of content available.+ Graphically pleasing+ plenty of crafting options+ a nice take on the medievil era- Destruction capability very limited- difficult to grasp, not recommended for causal play- Much room for griefing on some of the largest server through 'nuisance building' which is indestructible."
76561198116815058,Not Recommended,290080,16477777,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Der Knabe,A mess.
,Recommended,290080,16191948,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Froxin,Can't.Stop.Grinding.FLUX FLUX FLUX FLUX FLUX NAHPTHA NAHPTHA NAHPTHA NAHPTHA
76561198170677446,Not Recommended,290080,16479819,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,floki,I do not recommend.
,Recommended,290080,12410115,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Dislarbie.,"This game, I hate it so much. It crashes all the time, freezes, miss clicks and everything is so slow. You need a decent computer to have steady frames. The game's sounds glitch out and repeat themselves constantly. Sometime when the game glitches, your character continues to repeat the action it previously did. Wolves come out of ♥♥♥♥ing nowhere and eat your face.But holy♥♥♥♥♥♥it is fun. 10/10 would play again."
76561198067834656,Recommended,290080,12440231,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,C++hrist0bell,"Medieval Man Simulator.My first game...i spawn on the beach with nothing but the clothes in my inventory and five cookies to sustain me. i start walking along the beach picking up branches by nearby trees, flint from stone piles, and the occasional bit of plant fiber from the grass. crafting a primitive axe i start marchin up the beach. its a beautiful looking world with a few minor graphical glitches (that are soon going to be fixed)Stumbling upon two ppl on the beach just chillin i walk up slowly saying ""Hey""...expecting the classic dayz death of being pummelled to the ground and then tea bagged profuscely they instead just said Hey!""...........i know what your thinking.This is not a game for everyone. it certainly takes time to build things and get your skills up to a level where you can do other things...so you inspect some trees..get some bark...then u start cuttin them down n eventually sawing them into planks n crafting furniture and so on. After about 20 minutes i made my way inland to a lake with the server admin and 12 other guys. after gettin the teamspeak address and everyone talking to each other we had a plan.... Splittin up into various teams gathering logs, terraforming land, gathering food, we soon had a proper little settlement of rubbish huts and a campfire complete with kitchen and herb garden. Ok so the combat isnt quite sorted yet and the interface isnt perfect but ive still poured 60 hours into the game and more in the future. We made friends and we built together and still do. From a simple village we now have proper walls to protect ourselves, a complete foundry, 2 warehouses stocked to the brim, farms and an orchard, armour and weapons...have we gone to war with anyone?? not yet as we are taking tributes of rope from some of the villages... although im pretty sure our two northernest villages are secretly about to wage war when they finally put they put guild monuments in...its a simple bit of Roleplaying but thats quite nice about this game.Players in our server are mostly friendly and over time our humble little band alone on our island now has 5 villages some with 3 people in others with 5 and some with more. we have had one time of bad pvping on our island and looting hasnt become an issue....we did have about 10 guys come in once but they all raided one guys hut killed him n took his stuff but i think it was their first game cos after about an hour n all they had was a tannin tub they couldnt use...a coop they couldnt harvest from n a big house construction ready to go but they all left the game and havent come back for weeks. its a complicated little game that has quite alot of charm aslong you dont mind working with other people.Pros+Alot of content for an early access game+Teamwork+True terraforming+Decent city building+Pretty good music+Detailed Skills+Cannibalistic Moose+A responsive and good developer+Not another Stompling LandCons-Graphical issues (That are being addressed)-Crashes now and again (nowhere near as much since last patch)-Overwhelming UI and controls for a new comer.Overall...a damn fine game that has alot of potential and once they fix the gpu problem...and its only gonna get better"
76561198072420707,Recommended,290080,14041429,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Throbbing for Bannerlord,"Amazing gameplay, catchy music, beautifuly land and graphics, combat is reminisant of mount and blade or morrowind, crafting is hard but rewarding, only downside to the game is the player character (wich as of yet cannot be customized or changed) is ugly as all hell."
76561198040781397,Recommended,290080,15193132,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,TheseWatersKill,"free cookies, 10/10. would start another character again."
76561198005353312,Recommended,290080,15566642,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,lemusis11,"I have to say this game isn't for everyone, you want to know why? It seems that some players are used to the concept of the game helping you do $hit in the game. They want someone to hold their hands tell them to go here collect this, go here kill this, go here and you can make it so on. It seems that most people have forgotten the  times when you have to go buy a guidebook for that game, look at how the game works and what you can work with or do research for that game. This is an ""EARLY ACCESS GAME"" what you are looking for in a game that holds your hands when you take a pi$$ isn't here or have not been added yet. This game is recommended for people willing to do some research, put chunk of your time in and experiment with the game's rules. Finding out what you can make with the current skills and what's the fastest way to improve your village/town/kingdom. You can play with friends in a server or make your own server for your own use, there is so much this game can offer. Mind you this game is only little over 6month old and I'll repeat again ""EARLY MO7HERFUKIN6 ACCESS GAME"", don't buy this game if your not up to the challenge of surviving and actually playing the game.Like every other game it has controls and yes you have to get used to it, might be bit hard to get used to but once you start playing for let's say about an hour or two will get you used to the controls. If your new player in a server, ask how to play and most will tell you how it works and what needs to be done in order for you to survive. You don't sleep in the game just rest to get stamina charged up and depends on the server setting you can get hungry fast or slow, so before you start playing the game read the description on the right side of window that tells you what and how long it takes for plants to grow. To help out the new players who wants start digging, well you need terraforming skill at 60 some server have the skill multiplier set at 0.1 and that is slow holy $hit I'm screwed slow, anything over 3.0-5.0(max) will make your life easy and less stressful collecting materials. If the server is set at 3.0hrs for plant growth that is slow, plants/tree have 8 stages of growth period so that is 8 X 3 = 24. That server will take one full day ( Real life) to grow a single plant/tree so take your time choosing your server or make your own like I said earlier. Also on that note if server is set at 3.0 hrs for plants that also indicates how long your day/night going to last. There are no monsters that comes after you at night time or npcs. It has wild animals you can avoid or just go up to it and smack it few times until it bends you over and make you his woman."
76561197998840896,Recommended,290080,15770309,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,savisitor15,Very promissing so far :)
,Not Recommended,290080,21903039,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,JosephADR,"Great core concepts but it isnt enough to justify the price, clunky gameplay and a very unpolished look for those who are concerned about those things.3/10 would not Sean Bean again"
76561198080793786,Not Recommended,290080,22715385,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Sunelf,"Was great until i dug a tunnel, fell through the world into water, drowned and lost everything."
,Not Recommended,290080,22726115,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Azio,"Life is Feudel feels a lot like a game that tries really hard to become everything cool at once. This makes it that it does cater to some people who want to establish a pristine colony of some sorts, but the complexity and bugs that overshadow it halfway the tech/spec tree make this a game that I didn't want to continue put my time in.If you feel like you should work for your pleasure, this is your game. I, for one, didn't enjoy this grind fest."
76561198039759127,Not Recommended,290080,29472482,Posted: 24 January,all,Karl Rohan,Best con ever. I have to pay another £30 to join MMO beta as a LIF:YO owner... what a joke...
76561198059542611,Recommended,290080,30765053,Posted: 26 March,all,CaramelMcNasty,This game gets me hard everytime I play it. I can't even play with my pants on because it's so fun.
,Not Recommended,290080,26210098,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,lordsudo,"Game pace is too slow; I would like to get an empire up and running in a few hours, not in a few weeks. #grindThese games require a team since the pace is so slow, especially a team with rotational shifts if you want an upper hand on the map. #moregrindThe amount of realism is accurate and superb, the UI and design are well done, and the graphics are nice, however, the bugs were definitely real, and from I have read from other reviews they seem to have not been fixed and the common trend is that a lot of promises weren't kept and the developers were treating reviewers horribly!  I don't know how true that is, as I stopped playing this when it was still in early release, so I stopped following the news.   Long story short, I just simply didn't enjoy it.EDIT:  Despite what is said above at least you get the MMO for free if you bought this."
76561198014213233,Recommended,290080,30378748,Posted: 7 March,all,RealBalkanBoy,"very deep game, its like Minecraft + Mount and Blade :)"
,Recommended,290080,30400052,Posted: 8 March,all,So_Blind,"Holy mother of grind fest! This child was birthed specifically to weed out the weak!This is a ""simulator"", not to be confused with a regular game. Just like in life you are most likely not going to master every single trade. I have been playing this mostly on single player and the struggle is real. I immagine if I had a life or friends... well I wouldn't be playing games then... I guess... conundrums...I digress, so if you and your friends collectively don't have lives and you want to dump 3 hours at a go 5 days a week into an immersive game, this is the one for you!If not, buy it anyway to support the developers so I can get the MMO I've always dreamed of. :) :) :)"
,Recommended,290080,19136585,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Dabbin on haterZ,"11/10Would be a Viking from Vinland and make people rage quit again,"
76561198043297870,Not Recommended,290080,29989178,Posted: 17 February,all,zeroinuyasha,so if u bought the game u got in the mmo free but now thay have changed the plan typical  kick the consumer around milk them for all thay have  i have ben folowing this game for some time  free acess to the mmo was y i bought thiss  if thay were going to charge me twice  thay shold have ben up front about it  this is not acceptable  soon  thay will charg a monththe game is loadingbar after loadingbar  after loadingbar it takes forever to doo enything  it took dats just to level up then days to build  a wall  thear is no  consistency betwen servers   meny items are too hard to make to costly or  use the same mats as outher  things u need to build at the same time  solo players wont cant do much  on there own  the game is rideld with glitches and flawes  the game high res textures dowent werk for me thay caus crashes vc run time err  i dont recommend thiss game to eny one
76561198148923610,Recommended,290080,30713265,Posted: 24 March,all,Bloodfistdeathpunch,"It's a great game. Grit meter, off the charts. If you like fooffy instant gratification games, do not buy this. This is a hardcore, real game where accomplishments feel great..... because you worked for it. If lumberjacks had time to play games. They would sure as heck play this one."
76561198117498426,Not Recommended,290080,21337239,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Kacidest,"I have to give this game a negative review.  The concept is great, and the gameplay is very unique.  Sadly, the developers are creating a new version of the game that is supposed to have a much larger map and a lot more content.  That being said, I really don't think that this game will get the attention that it needs to fix the bugs and glitches that really hinder gameplay."
76561198014137129,Not Recommended,290080,22021110,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Haunted208,Needs a lot of work on optimization
,Recommended,290080,12323071,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Heijou,"its pretty good, but i wished it was Optimized a bit more, hope that happens soon, it is probably my computer, but it seems when i look at alot of tree's i lag quite a bit.. *Ahem* so.. a game about building and survival is usually a favorite of mine, life is feudal pretty much lets you build you're own towns and fill it with townsfolk like players, in normal games with normal  settings usually has you to where you need to partner up with someone who is better than you at a skill, or the fact that you might not have the skill, the skill system gives you a choice, cause after a certain amount of points, you will reach Max capacity and then will have too decide which you rather want afterwards, cause you can degrade skills for space for others.. also it seems Bandits can get punished if you kill someone who surrenders, yes there is a surrender system.. you also seem to get punished for hurting Unarmed people as well from what i seen with videos.. which i think is cool, it's just to bad i cant play the game as it is due to lag, but hey it was worth a try, of course they does not stop me from trying to play, in any case.. life is feudal is gonna be one of those Big shot games i just know it"
76561197970640805,Recommended,290080,16449464,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Olbas,"I can see why a lot of people have given this negative reviews, but I'm really enjoying it. That said, it could use a better Wiki.Gameplay reminds me of Ultima Online circa 1998. You cut down trees, gather materials and use them to build your town. You'll either need a good team to help you with this or to have a LOT of time on your hands because to build even a small wooden house you'll require a forge, a kiln, an anvil, to have grown a field of flax, a ton of tools and an awful lot of wood and steel (which is hard to get). If you've not played before, this could take you many days.It is however EXTREMELY satisfying when you build something impressive like a fortified Keep and, as I found myself, these are not much harder to make than small houses.Combat is a bit glitchy, some servers can get a bit laggy and, if you don't claim an area by planting a monument your buildings can collapse (on some servers). It's a lot of fun if you like building towns though."
76561198083266885,Recommended,290080,16450710,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Tony [SVK],"Very good game for teamplay.Huge skill tree. Skill tree is slit to craft skills and military skills. So you can be farmer and at the same time rider on horse with lance.Game is mainly PvP,PvE or roleplay (PvP is much more different from other sandbox games) but you can start privite server and build your own city.You can build monument what create radius and claim this land as yours. Other players can't steel from you there.For protection of players there are aligment system. If someone kill lot of players his aligment is decreasing and if hit -50 he become permanent bad man :) (Lower aligments is, more skills loose attacker if he dies).Server admin can turn on Judgment hour in settings for server. During judgment hour other players can stell from you (if he reach it :D ). When you connecting to server you can see if is Judgment hour set up.There are lot of skills for blacksmith, herbalist, farmer, woodcutter, builder (skill cap is also server settings)."
,Not Recommended,290080,16941845,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,djc,"Game looks like it would have potential, but they have serious ""Single Player"" issues still. Tons of people (incl. me) can't even start the game for a single player session on my own machine. The developers don't seem to care much about such issues, since not all people are affected by it apparently. Buy at your own risk, I wouldn't recommend it until this issue is fixed."
76561198028594222,Not Recommended,290080,25591970,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Thorendir,have another scam.
,Not Recommended,290080,31265930,Posted: 20 April,all,pandorra,"Sorry, Maybe .. someday.. when they can fix the issues. For now its crashed game/get in game/ game crash while IN game/can't get back in game. lol"
76561198068670881,Recommended,290080,30429491,Posted: 10 March,all,Ralphthemexican,"Still the best game of its kind still in 2017 just sucks its dying cause of all the little loosers hoo complain for nothing and wright bad and false reviews about it because they rage quited, cause its going to take a long time before we get a nother great game like this"
,Recommended,290080,12165262,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,}SoC{Scorch,12th Century Plowing Simulator 201411.5/10 Would plow again
,Recommended,290080,12244503,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,k2hunnit,"Minecraft meets Runescape, this game has lots of potential when tidied up a bit. Low end PC users may not enjoy gaming experience due to fps issues."
,Recommended,290080,12460039,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Zesticle,"Got its bugs, but it has shown me enough to wait it through, it's the game i have been looking for would recommend. Those who are interested should wait for a later build or you may be put off."
,Recommended,290080,12508673,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,STFU AND PLAY,This game is awsome but have a major bug....and ruin the work of all roleplay players...:if you are near to a wall and write in local chat /stuck we will be able to jump the wall...and the walls are pointless...please do something with this bug!
,Recommended,290080,12730550,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,KungDavid,Start a New Server Today!http://steamcommunity.com/groups/Valhalla-LIF
76561197993498323,Recommended,290080,13116924,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Sheepish,It's gonna be DF1 all over again#♥♥♥♥magic10/10
76561197986316516,Not Recommended,290080,16236367,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Rmm007,"Whoa whoa whoa...now those videos vs the real game...COMPLETELY DIFFERENT. For one this game is not even close to being fun. This is the biggest grind fest on a SLOOOOOOW and terrible game. I dont care if this is early access, the game is designed to be as slow and grindy as possible. This game  SUCKS. The videos of combat are false advertising. I want my money back."
76561197978598436,Recommended,290080,16246125,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,sabersage,"Not for ADD kids who love call of duty, if you have self dicipline and enjoy things not being easy or fair you will get addited to this game. Do not play alone, get friends to buy the game with you or find a group of friends on a server. It takes a long time to do anything so you will need to all focus on different things in order to be able to compete with the other groups.Negative comments have one thing in common they hadly have any time played. The combat actually is functional and there is a bit of a learning curve. I think these casuals think they can just run up and win a fight by clicking frantically, but if swing a sword when you are too close you will miss and if you are too far away you will miss mastering what the right distance looks like is essential. Most if not all good players fight in first person, im betting these guys that have trouble fight in 3rd person.TLDR: I got addicted to this game and I can't wait for the MMO buy the game while its on sale it's worth it."
76561198035965072,Not Recommended,290080,16454423,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,TwistedPair,"This is an example of a Pre-release game that is soo incredibly rough, that they shouldn't be charging anyone to play it.  I successfully have connected to a server Twice. That's right, Twice. both times were interesting enough, I suppose. But I have ""Tried"" to play this game at least 30 times. 45 minute loading screens (not hung up) to no avail.   Avoid this title until Devs catch up. (2017??)"
,Not Recommended,290080,16457477,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,For The Emperor!!!,"After a bugged server search, server crashes and the failed attempt to host a own server me and my friend joint one of the many empty servers, we played for a hour of ""Oh we are on the other side of the map and cant get to each other"" We decided to play of our own, After a other Half a hour of fighting with the controls and the HUD we said ""NOPE"" and we gave it backThank GabeN for refunds and to hell with early accessin the current state unplayable and boring wait until its finished that would be in the next two decades or never"
76561198087134170,Recommended,290080,19186280,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,sunnyb20,"Very open content!I like the graphics, the creation possibilities, and the combat!"
76561198043612076,Recommended,290080,12532559,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,cody_buds,"game is fun verry laggy and needs lots of work yet, still fun tho"
,Recommended,290080,22825372,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Zafra,"If sandbox games are your thing, then this game will appeal to you. The negative reviews are from the early beta versions of the game, a lot of the bugs have now been ironed out & the game runs well.I love this game & its vision10/10"
76561198267969447,Recommended,290080,30393680,Posted: 8 March,all,lyriga.geforge,"I will write in English and Finn.(Finnish, suomenkielinen versio on sulkeissa.)I really like this game, and the way I can make my own serv to play by my self. I do also wish there would be some server to join at times - not too much war and pvp like. I kinda enjoy that tune of peacefull RP and so on a lot too, as I play other games that involve fighting alredy.(Pidän todella tästä pelistä, koska voin luoda oman servan jolla pelaskella ittekseni. Tietty toivon että olis ja löytys serva jolle toisinaan liitty - sellanen joka ei oo täynnä liikoja sotia ja pvptä. Pelaan mielelläni rauhallisesti RP tyyliin jne, sillä tappelua riittää kylliksi muissa pelaamissa peleistä.)There are few things I hope the creators would think of yet:(Pelissä on myös muutama seikka jotka toivon pelintekijäin ottavan huomioon.)1. The animations on my toon stop working completely after I carried something heavy like a log. She just slides on the ground and does not move even though she still does things. Now the solution is to re-start. So a refresh animations button could well work. To have in your options.(1. Karakteerini animaatiot jäävä jumiin ja se vaan liukuu liikkuessa ja seisoo kohmettuneena perusasennossaan kun ole kantanut painavaa esinettä kuten tukkia ja laskenut sen käsistäni maahan. Pelin toiminnot eivät lopu, vain animaatiot jumittuvat. Tällä hetkellä ratkaisuni on re-startata, siis käynnistää peli - siis servani uudestaan. Näin mielestäni vaihtoehtoihin pitäisi lisätä 'refresh animations' - eli 'uudelleen käynnistä animaatiot' toiminto/nappula.)2. When I play on my own server which also runs my characte and want to 'log out' to refresh those anims I have two options - to exit or to log out. I really wish it would take me down back to the character selection, if I chose just to log out - and not to exit completely. At the moment it quits the game, no matter which option one chooses - so I'll land on the desktop hand have to rerun open the full server.(2. Kun olen omalla servallani, joka on tietokneellani ja näin ollen käyttää mun caracteeria myös - ja jos joudun, esim edellä mainitusta syystä jälleen-käynnistään pelin - niin on olemassa kaksi vaihtoehtoa. Joko kirjautua ulos tai käyttää exit nappulaa (siis niitä on kaksi päällekkäin vaihtoehtoja). Mutta tällä hetkellä sillä ei ole mitään merkitystä kumpaa vaihtoehtoa painaa - aina päätyy omalle desk topille (tietokoneen työpöydälle). Mielestäni toisen näistä vaihtoehdoista pitäisi ohjata takaisin karakteerin valinta ruudulle.)3. The Delete Server button is right next to the Start Server button at lower right corner.. and even on the left of the Start button - thus it makes itself the 'first choise'. I deleted by accident my server once and it does not feel funny. It definitely should be replaced elsewhere on the interface - not next to start button. This kind of issues are present in many games and it would be refressing if one had layout not prone to accidents.(3. Tällä hetkellä Tuhoa Serveri nappula on vasemmassa alakulmassa ruutua - aivan Start Sever nappulan oikealla puolella. Siten se asettuu tavallaan 'ensimmäiseksi vaihtoehdoksi'. Onnistuin siksi tuhoamaan serverini kertaalleen, eikä se ollut kivaa. Mielestäni tuhoa nappula pitäisi asettaa jonnekin muualle ruudulla, tuhoa ja aloita nappulat eivät vain saisi olla vierekkäin missään pelissä. Silti sellaisia pelejä on loputtomasti, jossa tuhoa jokin nappula tai vaihtoehto on aivan jonkin tärkeän toiminnon vieressä, mistä aina seuraa vahinkoja, joten olisi virkistävää löytää peliä jota voi käyttää pelkäämättä että klikkaa jotain väärin epähuomiossa.)None the less this game is good and I will recommend it. I really enjoy the look of the nature and such. It would be amazing to have few different looking maps - but the game is in developement and I absolutely enjoy this. It made me think though that.. maybe one day we will see a game where you can have your own character and travel from private servers or hosted ones to another with that same toon. So that we would not necessarily need to rebuild the skills over again. I would love to have my own land on my own serv and then visit other nations.. on other servers. Well one can only dream. This game is in developement still I think so a few things that could be better, should not put anyone off from the game. So even with my little hopes and wishes for certain features - I found to enjoy the time with Life is Feudal.(Joka tapauksessa tämä peli on hyvä ja aion suositella sitä. Nautin kovasti siitä miltä pelin luonto näyttää (ehkä eritoten koska asun nykyään suuressa keskieuroopan kaupungissa ja kaipaan metsiä.). Olisi tosi ihmeellistä jos tarjolla olisi erinnäköisiä pelikarttoja - mutta pitää pitää muistaa että tätä peliä kehitetään edelleen, ja että olen todellakin nautiskellut sitä pelatessani. Päädyin tietty haaveilemaan, että ehkä jonain päivänä olisi myös olemassa peli jossa voisit luoda oman servan, omaa maata ja sitten sinulla olisi ainaskin yksi pelihahmo jota voisi siirrellä servoilta toisille - vierailemaan eri valtakunnissa. No haaveet on haaveita. Kuten sanottua tämä peli on yhä kehittymässä, ja vaikka jotkut jutut voisivat toimii hieman paremmin, sen ei pitäisi olla luotaan työntävä seikka. Niinpä pikku toiveideni kera, nautin kaikesta huolimatta Life is Feudal pelistä kovasti.)(Sori on tainut suomenkieli vähän ruostua - lol.)LyrigaG"
,Recommended,290080,12328886,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Mike 'The Silver Fox' Pence,I watched my friend fall from the sky after praying. 10/10 would pray again.
,Not Recommended,290080,16214842,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Cyclops,Dont play unless you like to wait.
,Not Recommended,290080,20646155,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Wisteso,"So much potential, but the developers have let this version of the game languish indefinitely so they can take your money and spend it on development of the MMO (which they'll probably charge you AGAIN to own).It wouldn't be so bad to have few updates/fixes, if not for the fact that that the game is riddled with critical bugs. No matter what kind of system you run, you're essentially stuck running on medium/low quality due to the bad graphics code that will probably crash you every 30 minutes on higher quality settings.Most of the following bugs are well known across the community... (Ask any player with over 24 hours played time)* ""Morning lag"" causes the game to be unplayable every in-game morning while the server updates objects. Since the game's netcode is really poor, any server lag/stutter causes the client to also lag/stutter.* Horses are a major part of the game, but require the game to work so hard that you typically crash (and lose the horse) within a few minutes.* Objects often become unusable and require a server reboot (fortunately most servers crash multiple times per day).* Objects in the game very often become invisible for certain players. Though at least this can be remedied by relogging.* Objects (like trees) can fall into other objects and become lost (but still cost the server a little more CPU/memory use).* Teraforming can massively glitch out with no way to correct it without losing you lots of time. Especially when placing walls (making your 100+ hour investment look like crap).* Major bugs have been left in the game for months and some MAJOR bugs have existed since the initial release.* The game will basically never run over 45 FPS, even if  you have an amazing system. For some, they get 5-10 FPS even with a moderate system.* Lack of any effort to provide some quick/easy band-aid fixes to make the game less difficult to work with. (e.g. lack of ""quick reconnect"", spreading out ""morning lag"" updates through-out the day, making horses return to inventory upon crash)* The developers recommend setting a ""preferred interaction"" with objects, but the game immediately forgets your preference as soon as you use a different object. This causes lots of frustration from accidentally moving chests, inspecting trees rather than cutting them, killing friends with Coup-de-gras, etc.* No way to have any type of guild permissions. This means that recruiting new guild members becomes a very problematic scenario. Either they're completely unable to interact with your claim, OR they're able to access everything, and rob you blind, if they desire."
76561198118731471,Recommended,290080,23518556,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,nootstoots,A huge blast of fun cant stop playing.
76561198064904156,Recommended,290080,15036767,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,HankTheAnimal,Worth every penny
76561198115815577,Recommended,290080,15592522,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,pie102,"This is a great game it may have some bugs like every other early access game and the game can be fusterating when it comes to the complexity and the skills for example in the skills you have to cut down a curtant amount of trees to saw them into boards and other things. but, the game is very fun and is worth the price but I would recommend waiting to buy the game when its on sale like me. Also, most people in this game are nice and rarly KOS (kill on sight) unlike most other survival games. Another thing is that this game is great to make friends in because you kind of need other people in this game to play with or its really difficult. So I really would recommend this game to anyone who is wounding if they should get it."
,Not Recommended,290080,22730727,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Gandalf's Big Oiled Staff,"Not going to beat around the bush and bull♥♥♥♥ here. If you dont like to grind plants for an hour...then this game is not for you. I myself enjoy picking flowers, getting sticks and getting my skills to a level to do ANYTHING. I did find a large group of people yet I still did not enjoy the game. I also had a lot of trouble with it not working on my PC, frequent crashes and the settings went to the lowest. My PC GREATLY exceeds the requirements needed.Not only that, the combat system is the most gimpy♥♥♥♥♥♥ever. It feels like a fart being wafted in the general direction of your target, hoping to kill him. Very clunky - feels like I am playing a more♥♥♥♥♥♥version of skyrim combat (SWING SWING SWING). Now customization -♥♥♥♥♥♥ Gottlungs (basically Anglo-saxon/English) apparently cannot have black hair ? as if its not the most common hair colour possible. Not only that but all you have in the way of faces is three options, a overly serious ♥♥♥♥er, a guy who looks like a monkey and a guy who looks like he just spilt his mum's tea when she is on her period. 10/10 would like to waste money on some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t again ! ( ͡☉ ͜ʖ ͡☉)"
,Not Recommended,290080,24941410,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,lazerduckp5,"Its very difficult to build anything, you have to grind small buildings to improve your skills enough to build even a shack. You cant currently deconstruct completed buildings either, so you have to move when you are finally able build your house. If they lowered the requirements for the first shack and make it so you can deconstruct buildings, I will give this game a thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,290080,12558595,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Prince  Charles.Z,"May be it is a good game , But sorry ! it doesnt suit me ! cause I should cost abundant time to participate it ! So  sorry , maybe build a city is achivement , I need faster !"
,Not Recommended,290080,24286502,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Jebediah Schmeckel,10/10 Best game of all time at being bad
76561198021991968,Not Recommended,290080,25238131,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Ocherkashin,Don't bother buying this game if you hope for any PVP or raiding experience such as in Rust; Everyone on the game is a ♥♥♥♥♥y 10 year old and every server has such restrictive and cancerious rules that it's not worth trying to play.
,Recommended,290080,26428903,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Aratto,"Dear developers.You want money, i want to play with my mates.Translate it in Spanish, and you will recieve more cash.Have a nice day."
,Recommended,290080,15695786,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Gabriel Theodoulos,"Hi-dee-ho Neighbors!  Bought this game late last night, right before bed, and allowed it to download and be ready in the morning.  When I woke up, I sat down, and began playing Life is Feudal.  14.9 hours laters, I decided to take a break.This game is awesome!  Think of it as Skyrim meets Minecraft!  If your a Minecraft nerd with a love for Skyrim graphics, this is the game for you.  Leveling up skills can be as easy (and as hard!) as you want.  You can easily and quickly set up your own server so that you and your friends can join in together.One of the best things about LiF is the fact that the Devs are quite active.  Updates come regularly, and the game is constantly being improved.  If you want a fun game, with tons and tons of crafting, this is the one to get."
76561198035785927,Not Recommended,290080,22032675,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,NiteWolf2225,"The concept is cool. Basically Minecraft but in Feudal times, right? Sounds like fun. But then you get into it. Combat is unique being physics based and frankly I've never seen anything like it. Foraging for material is a lot like Minecraft. But everything is buried in an ungodly amount of menus and the menus aren't easy to naviate/exit. And crafing/other concepts of combat are buried in bad tutorials. Currently, as I'm typing this out. I've been ""mass producing"" anything edible. I've been doing this for about 15 minutes, with nothing to show for it and it keeps on chugging away. In general, this game seems buggy and not worth the whopping $40. Go play something else. Save your money."
76561198036409695,Not Recommended,290080,21807502,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Akiba,I want my money back
,Not Recommended,290080,29513736,Posted: 26 January,all,Shadow Star,"I tried to play this game but it's mechanics are way too confusing and way to overcomplicated. While I like the idea of having a feudal survival game, the very clunky mechanics just can't make it work.The tutorials are confusing as well, even if you try to follow them some things are just not properly explained so you just get lost.If a game can't properly introduce you to it's mechanics it's just not worth playing it."
76561198085234439,Recommended,290080,15529075,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Nickbb,Very cool idea and very very very very addictive. Keen to see how it looks when its finished. But look out it takes a while to learn the game play...
,Recommended,290080,16439068,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Pestilence,"Amazing game, barely any major glitches at all, runs like a dream at highest graphics and has to much potential.Running an australian server ""[AUS/NZ] A Peasants LiF 2 [RP/PVP]"" if any aussies or kiwis wish to jump on and play with a good community."
,Recommended,290080,21516025,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Dexter,"After 200 hours i can say that this game is complete brilliance,so much fun, im in love with this game !!!!!"
76561198011301724,Not Recommended,290080,21502959,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Elinter,"I have had this game for 2 years. I have 268 hours on it and with the recent patches and ""upgrades"" it is now currently unplayable. I have a good computer and play simalar games with out problems. Let me go over the last hour. After about two 10 mins period of game and server start-up the game server timed out on load and booted me TWICE. takes forever to load and forever to exit the game. Finally got it to load. Sound was stuck in a repeating loop (Thunk, thunk, thunk over and over) and it was so laggy it was unplayable. Adjusted video setting way down, not quite as laggy but still unplayable. I loved this game when it first came out. I spent 19 dollars on it at the time. DO NOT SPEND #39 DOLLARS ON THIS GAME!!!! It now BLOWS!!!"
76561198006574952,Not Recommended,290080,21739128,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Atlas Law,This is a half finished misleading bugfest. clearly all the budget went to getting Sean Bean for that trailer. I highly regret making this purchase... to the point it hurts me physically. It is a nice trailer though.
76561198002976162,Not Recommended,290080,29621762,Posted: 31 January,all,Ap0llye0n,"was kinda fun in a large group,not solo or small group friendly at all.everything stuck behind a huge grind wall"
76561198022217781,Not Recommended,290080,23893438,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,rock3ru1984,the game has nice graphics but it has nothing to do with survival. It's enough to eat apples and u don't need any kind of clothes because you never get cold or hot. All you need is apples to survive.It's a bit disappointing.And the fact that nowadays u can't find a brand new official server for newbies makes it pretty hard to find a plot of land and evolve.I can't recommend the game as it is in it's current state.Still feels like a beta version / Early access game
,Not Recommended,290080,21513094,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Mike,3/10
76561198102751963,Recommended,290080,17326355,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Corbin.Smith2,Great game!
,Recommended,290080,19137904,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Innervate2D,"оптимизируйте плиз. Лагает на хорошем железе очень сильно, про текстуры вообще молчу... А по сути в игре есть какой-то интерес, надеюсь в будущем будет шикарной, доработанной игрой!"
,Recommended,290080,16954526,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Number 7,"After I played for a while I must say it is a VERY nice game for a very early alpha, this game has great potential and so much to learn that I am simply amazed about it.It is so realistic and fun, of course there is a lot to add and maybe some bugs but overall this is a great game, can't wait to play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it once I fully understand it."
76561198071750077,Recommended,290080,16825035,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Anubis,It has it's flaws and a kind of slow development but the game is worth the money if you play with friends.
,Not Recommended,290080,14544050,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Kieron!,A Good Game With Potential but its not ready for playing yet
76561197993071170,Not Recommended,290080,22401000,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Zyruna,"Akward movement, annoying ui, bugs, feels as pre-alpha game."
76561198061007873,Not Recommended,290080,26028347,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,dmitryreus,"Crappy and poorly optimized, I have a 1070 and it's still super choppy,NO AI, there is nothing, NOTHING TO DO playing alone,no bandits will attack you nothing or anything of those sorts, cannot recommend if your looking for that awesome survival crafting game... keep looking cuz this isn't it trust me"
,Not Recommended,290080,22600720,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Zerodouche5000,"Way to grindy, the game is great and all, infact its really unique and awesome but my god, you need to know advanced trigonometry to craft a ♥♥♥♥ing wooden spear, let alone smelt armor, when i say it took me TWO weeks to get my own little fort set up and make a set of armor, i'm not overexaggerating it literally took me two entire weeks to craft a little wooden fort playing solo. game would be so good itf it wasnt such a grind, #surfsimulator2k16"
76561198035712382,Not Recommended,290080,22634068,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Havoc,"Too grindy in my eyes, UI hell, awful combat."
76561198076024191,Recommended,290080,30233923,Posted: 27 February,all,Seekinglevel,"Life is Feudal: Your own is a game many would love to play for a nice role-playing experience and I would recomend it to somebody that wanted to play such a game. The people that I have met in the game itself are straight up cool, a lot of these guys helped me build my first home and we traded are stuff as one would do in a rela life situation. Although I like so much about the game it still has its flaws such as the combat if you could call it that.The combat is some of the wonkiest I have ever felt it's like if Mount and Blade Warband was an actual retard and had the reaction time of a dead rabbit. That is my main complaint about this game, since fighting is a rareity if you are like me who rather just be a blacksmith and a tavern keeper. In my opinion I believe the soundtrack makes up for the amount of hours one is to grind to be able to get higher tier stuff.Anyway im recomending this game to anyone who wants to roleplay and be their medevial selves!"
76561198215646153,Not Recommended,290080,22514922,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,PinnerGnome,"Like many, I was really excited when I first learned about this game. My excitement was due to the potential that I saw in what the game could become and its open nature. Having played similar games such as Everquest and Elder Scrolls in the past, I was hoping LIF would incorporate the best elements of more than one genre into its platform. However, after having played LIF for dozens of hours, I have come to the conclusion that the game is far too deterministic to actually provide what it advertises.The idea that you have to join a group/clan to make a successful feudal settlement is bizarre, and the limitations of individual activity in the game are grave for personal player enjoyment. After having numerous frustrating instances, it became clear that simply not enough thought and effort were put into the game.Why do tunnels that are dug out over countless hours (days in the game’s time), disappear? In reality, a tunnel that is dug into a side of a cliff or rocky surface will be there for hundreds, most likely thousands of years (see the caves in the mountains on the island of Gran Canaria in the Atlantic Ocean). Another shortcoming of the game – Why do structures (made out of wood) have to be put together through the building system, rather than enabling players to make custom houses from wood logs? Additionally, the same problem, wood logs disappearing, is bizarre. I’ve seen wood logs laying in the forest for 5 years without deteriation.Last, there exists a crafting system which many have praised, but I found the crafting system to be extremely boring. The ability to craft unique items would make the game a lot more fun. If everyone has the same items, this results in large groups of players dominating and in turn disables the individual player (or small group of players), from obtaining similar items. On the other hand, and this is the major pitfall of the game, since each item is the same (no matter how high your skill is to craft/make it), this leaves creativity and rarity out of the game and results in everyone having the same stuff."
,Recommended,290080,26137374,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,DeimosErebus,This game legitimately ended an irl friendship10/10
76561198128773782,Recommended,290080,35364141,Posted: 30 September,all,Concentrated Autism,"""Horse drawn carts released.""10/10"
76561198131390093,Not Recommended,290080,12956680,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Barattolino,"I played for about 530 hours and we'll play again because now I bought it but I don't recommend to buy it, why?negative:•The team does not accept criticism and delete the comments on the Official and Steam forums• They do not communicate with the players (forums) and do not have a road map, it's top secret• Patches are made at random and without warning (the last patch did lose almost 30% of users, deleting all objects with very short notice, five hours during working time (Europe))• the official servers don't have a GM, are garbage.• The patch does not correspond to the patch notes (Paved texture will be fixed in next patch… stil black spot) and create new bugs• low fps• crashpositive:a year maybe it will become a good game.landscape3d model"
76561198065085718,Recommended,290080,13023144,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,assassins312,i bought this game and it keeps telling me that tourque has encoundert with something and something about directX3D can someone help me
76561197997812090,Not Recommended,290080,13232613,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Vandarix [201],"Fun, interesting, delighting game. However, LIF:YO is absoultely terrible with private servers. This is a game you cannot play unless you plan on hosting your own server. Considering it takes an extremely long time to progress in this game you will more than likely be banned/kicked when you're ahead or witness GM abuse often. There are very few servers it seems worthy of playing and it seems more and more of them are shutting down daily.. It's sad because in all honesty, I like the game but you're stuck playing on Offical dead servers or waiting for them to actually go back to LIF: MMO.Do not buy this game until it is under $10 or less."
,Recommended,290080,14362638,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Johnny Lootgoblin,They have a bear on their dev team. What more could you want?
76561198081781415,Recommended,290080,15212210,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,DutchDuk,THIS GAME IS WHHHHHHHYYmy friend got the achivement this really is your second life it takes a while alone but with friends ITS FUN LEVEL IS OVER 900000000 this gem is a great one its a indie game that passes for tripple A game but its not it took me a week to build litteray a small shack A SHACK 900000/10 best game of the year 3000
,Recommended,290080,15643579,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,SapperLex,"so far i like this game alot, its like rust but a bit harder. im on a carebear server ATM just to learn and im really enjoying the community. Thing not being implemented can be a bit annoying and the skill build up to build a good shelter can be tedious, but i like it. I play with my wife and it helps out alot, she cooks i repair her stove.9/10"
,Recommended,290080,15652978,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,« POLARICA »,"Comes better game what DayZ, if developers not stop work on it. Gonna play fully when it have biger community."
76561198141902518,Not Recommended,290080,16210669,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,clonxia271,this game is bad. not only are the controlls super complicated but ive only gotten this game to work twice.
76561198095149506,Not Recommended,290080,16328287,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Schuit,"Buddy of mine got perma banned after leaving a less than desirable review about the game.He wasn't badmouthing the game, simply stating how the game is severely lacking in many parts, and it is! it Drops you into the world, no clue what does what, or where your skills are, you can't find the effects of what those on your skill bar do, it's all trial and error.Of course, he isn't super♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about it, seeing as he wasn't planning on playing the game a whole lot longer until updates.I'm not a fan simply because everyone wants to kill you, the harvesting of trees is annoying, and it's impossible to find iron, until you youtube it.Do I recommend it?For the support team? **** no.For the game? Ask again later."
76561197990365392,Recommended,290080,19178111,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,RAGE,"Fantastic open world with lots to do.  No instant gratification but the rewards are fantastic.  Be wary:  You need a group, it's awful alone but fantastic when played together."
76561198081164228,Not Recommended,290080,21881317,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,gr5a,"Not worth the price, despite really trying to like it. Very grindy, always repeating the same stuff. Graphics are ok, but a bit dated. You have no chance of survival without others. I would make this reveiw longer but this pretty much covers it."
,Recommended,290080,22927038,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Cerby,"This game is great for people who like to grind, and enjoy the feeling when they accomplish something after wokring on it for a week. If you think you will be rich after an hour of playing, you are wrong sir. There are many servers outthere, many good for RP, and the eventual MMO they are adding to the game will be amazing. I reccomend it to anyone."
,Recommended,290080,22996546,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Encrypted,"I didn't get this game for a few months because i was worried about the ratings that since its mixed that it will be bad, well i bought it a few days ago and i can't put it down. the people are fun to play with the servers are still buggy here and there but they are stable enough to play pretty much ALL day if you want. This game is an all around great game, but like every game it has its flaws. but me personally i can look past them and enjoy the game for what it has to offer as of right now. if the game is on sale get it ASAP its worth it to me for 40 dollars and it would be even more worth it at a cheaper price. so get it when its on sale but if you're like me and can't wait for a sale then get it now."
,Not Recommended,290080,23423645,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,DirishFella,"this was just a bad choice, waste of money really and a more grinding exp to get stuff you will never fine. just dont."
76561198007280637,Not Recommended,290080,24821099,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,ComeFaceGuy,"Played the game for the first time a year ago just for a little bit. It was brilliant.Upgraded to a new computer a month ago, and decided to revisit this game. Now the game wont launch properly and it just remains as a grey screen with the menu music playing in the background.Forums all indicate this has been a big probblem for a year or so and the Devs still havent done anything about it or found a solution.From what i can tell. Devs don't care too much about their customers; but don't get me wrong. It is a good game. Just with no support"
,Recommended,290080,26184481,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Jonboy,This is a great game to play with friends or make new ones!
,Recommended,290080,15611329,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Raddeck,"I have enjoyed this game very much thus far! It has extreme potential as far as I can see. Some minor lag issues, nothing big. I have told friends, and have gotten a bunch of friends into the game. It's very addicting, and can and will consume your time! Havent encountered many negatives thus far, but I'm sure they are out there. Overall, LOVE THE GAME!"
,Not Recommended,290080,19538828,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Riv The Cunt,"After 560 hours I can safely say this game was fun.WAS fun, the game is no longer playable for many new players and old players as several of the menus from the options menu (i.e: controls, video, exit) are no longer usable as they open behind the options menu and the options menu won't close. As a result, you cannot exit the game without terminating program, you cannot edit controls or video settings, and this leaves the game largely unplayable in its stock state. This wouldn't be so bad if there was dev support for the problem, there is none. The devs have ceased caring about issues such as this since they already have our money.I've been waiting almost three months for a fix to come from the devs, they have not even acknowledged the problem.So if you enjoy Russian Roulette then buy the game- it might work but probably won't. A shame really, it was a really fun game before the devs decided all they cared about was the money we gave them, and couldn't even be bothered to fix something like a menu bug."
76561198002518278,Recommended,290080,30504099,Posted: 14 March,all,Oleski,"Co-op survial.I was trying to play alone, and it was Hell for me.But i find a nice group of ppl and start to play with them, they learned me how to play.Now this game is evrything what i was looking for :)"
76561198147844259,Recommended,290080,13482490,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Keith,This game is awesome some times could be cut down though
,Recommended,290080,20471394,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,RainbowRadish,Need to fix the resolution but 10/10 otherwiseee
,Recommended,290080,15014459,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Proko,"Not for people expecting anything close to even medium/fast paced.Great game all in all, but wait until there is more content and stability."
,Not Recommended,290080,35463252,Posted: 3 October,all,fufightr,This game is way too complicated and extremely slow. It would take forever just to get started so I can't imagine building a city. I found myself wanting to play on my phone as I wait for my character to harvest. The only good thing about it was the graphics but it's not optimized (or yet) to run on Ultra settings to enjoy it.The whole crafting and leveling system is a cluster♥♥♥♥. I would hold off a long while on this game or look else where for a city-building survival that's less boring because this one doesn't have the right formula down.
,Recommended,290080,35463472,Posted: 3 October,all,Baby[WoF]Let,"sunk too much time to give it a bad review, love the game, but really need friends to enjoy it fully"
76561198033942271,Not Recommended,290080,35464509,Posted: 3 October,all,Lund,this is a bad game. loading bar for every little thing you do and no forseeable tasks. not worth a penny
76561198044790728,Not Recommended,290080,22226899,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Foreign Snail,"I want to like this game so badly.  I have enjoyed it for a good long while, but in all that time the developers have really done very little with it.  It seems like they have no intention of fixing the bugs, or developing major new content, nor even listening to the requests of the fanbase.  Most criticism is met with snarky come-backs by the developers.It pains me to say, because when I started playing I had such grand hopes for this game's potential (remember the massive multi-server map that was supposed to happen on release?)- but at its current price tag it appears as though the devs are interested in soaking up as much money as possible before they abandon it completely."
,Not Recommended,290080,22310991,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Eviltek2099,Too grindy and wore out my tab key because every menu opened would not release mouse and leave me in mouse mode instead of returning me to look mode. Most irritating game I have ever played!
76561198091340126,Recommended,290080,20073225,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Salomael,"I recommend this game, but is not a realistic game at all - the skills tree is not realistic. For example, you need to learn agriculture before learn livestock (but in real life this makes no sense). Another exemple, if you spend a lifetime tracking animals, you automatically become a great fisherman. The skill tree was not well planned, I expected more realism. But It is an interesting game anyway."
76561198138134311,Not Recommended,290080,15731221,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,jonhadderss,Wish I could have my money back. Stuck .... later on stuck again... nothing works... game crashes.... wont load then loads and walk 10 feet and stuck again... I can not move but just look at different options. Click TAB as it says and nothing. Just stuck. reload try again span branch... oh stuck again... grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
76561198002477652,Recommended,290080,22035543,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,MadMax8316,Bit of a grind but it's fun.
76561198062359124,Recommended,290080,22104178,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,44Alex99,"Good game, especially for cooperation and Role play. Development may be slow but they are getting a lot done."
76561198268960657,Recommended,290080,22087886,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Dovey,Great sense of achievement when you complete a building on your own or in a group. Defiantly need patients with most things but worth it in the end. Met some great RP people. Lovely sunsets and scenery. Big thumbs up the the devs on the game and patches so far. Looking forward to the MMO. :)
,Recommended,290080,29573586,Posted: 29 January,all,Cait,Love this game. more people should play it. ive got over 3k hours. the mmo will be so worth it!
,Recommended,290080,16522380,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,TheTrueBbox,spent two hours paving a sidewalk10/10
76561198069801723,Recommended,290080,16746815,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Huginnnn,"I've seen a few negative reviews on here so I feel the need to throw in my two cents. Overall I really love this game and I look forward to the full release more with every update.First off, I've fallen victim to abandonware and incompetant devs before but this is most definitely not one of those cases. The dev team has a public update schedule that they do their absolute best to stick to and while the updates might have seemed minor lately, it's most likely because of the massive upcoming graphical overhaul that they'll be implementing soon. The game is very much playable in its current state, however. Combat is similar to Mount and Blade, and I really like the skill progression system. The player base is a LOT better than most of the other sandbox survival games I've seen and there are always whitelisted servers if that's a concern.This game requires people to work together and it seems like a lot of the problems that people are having stem from not finding a good group to play with. I lucked out in that regard and there is no better feeling than having six people all pull together to finally put up that big plaster house. Server choice is also incredibly important; as an example, some servers are still banning mining and tunneling despite the fact that the devs have optimized that aspect so those don't cause the same lag problems anymore. The judgement hour/ guild update has removed a LOT of griefing that was happening before. It's also good for groups since it gives a single hour every day for everyone to sync up and pull together to defend the base or conduct raids of your own.TL;DR: Don't try to solo this game; especially important for herbalism. Pick a server carefully. Past that, everything is good and only getting better."
76561197986503760,Not Recommended,290080,29531689,Posted: 27 January,all,Brian,25minute load screen _|_ asif play this game
76561198131512782,Recommended,290080,16452012,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,The German 6th Army,Crashes a lot and is very frustrating at times when you can't exit a loading game you can't get into. And when you want to play a game by yourself and it won't let you. But i think the game is good and has good potential it's just really frustrating.
,Not Recommended,290080,16315301,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,QuickShift,No
76561198131344371,Recommended,290080,16226570,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Elrin,"I love this game. It feels like a really technical minecraft, but with some much more added to it. I love all the options that the game gives you, and I love the fact that it is realistic."
76561198044022766,Recommended,290080,16237792,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,SilverfoxBL,"Would definatly recommend this game to any person, it has a very time consuming atmosphere but when you start playing you dont want to stop as you just want to finish something off or get your skills up to get the next skill.Lots of good settings for the server however the server could be simplified quite a bit instead of 5 million lines of DOS which mean nothing to most.All in all a very deeply immersive game and enjoying it thouroughly"
76561197995455346,Recommended,290080,17602038,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Chief Tok-Tok,not bad
76561198115465764,Not Recommended,290080,24786528,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Lizard Wizard,"Trailer looks way more fun than the game is.  Virtually no tutorial system, so either beg to join someone's guild or try to stumble through the clumby interface. 25% of the time spent on this game is waiting to connect to a server or for the game to load.  Great concept for a game, but I wish I could get my money back."
76561198053988784,Not Recommended,290080,26470535,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Stephen,"Too much work, too little reward."
76561198012897648,Recommended,290080,26349238,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Fijona,is a great game 2k houres but dont play solo cant wait for the mmo to com oue
76561198057500663,Not Recommended,290080,33718227,Posted: 22 July,all,Fear The Bear,Devs have forgotton us
76561198085314198,Not Recommended,290080,25407505,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,SLOWPO,LIFE IS NO MAN'S SKY. THAT'S ALL TO BE SAID
,Not Recommended,290080,33556140,Posted: 15 July,all,Tatsel2008,After hours of labour and multiple repairs of my trusty shovel I turned around to admire my terraforming and what I saw brought a tear to my eye and a catch in my throat... I'd levelled off 3 tiles.Get a lacky like I did and make them do the work. But that is also boring.
,Recommended,290080,16853271,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,FloofyPangun,"Amazing potential but terrible progressThe game has GREAT potential but currently it's going very very slowly. I'd say optimization is terrible, graphics really aren't that good, I'm playing on Ultra with an i7 and a Nvidia GeForce GTX 760 getting 30 fps. At close range the game basically looks like Counter Strike 1.6 but at a distance it's alot better, the animations are terrible, player models literally look like someone decided to make a suit of armour out of a cardboard box and is wearing it. Basically it has nearly infinite potential but at this point it's not that good but I'd recommend not to give up on the game and stick with it I mean look at Orion: Preludehttp://store.steampowered.comit was one of the worst games but after 3 years of hard work and great feedback it is one of the best games and I hope the same will happen to this"
76561198098613552,Recommended,290080,16835413,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Septadius,"I have played this game for about 20 hours and I must say it takes time to get to know what to do. But After figuring the basic stuff out, I started to enjoy it! It is a much better game to play with friends, but solo is doable.I've built up a nice little cottage and a few basic tools and am doing fairly well for myself, so I can't complain.I do wish there was a better way to get rid of dirt though.But after that, I really can't say anything bad about this game. You should deffinetly keep an eye on it's production and buy it."
76561197972424792,Recommended,290080,16627149,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Grumpyoman,"Introduced to this game by a friend, I did watch his progress on steam and thought I would buy it when it was on sale. With his help in the game I have progressed, I dont know how I would have got on if I was by myself. The game is all based on building your skills for various tasks from farming the war fare and building houses to castles, the game is still in alpha with updates on a regular basis. Its a interesting game something that I would not normally play but I do find it relatively relaxing to play."
76561198062522256,Recommended,290080,22296353,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,tanker_in_tan,"I've played this for some time now, watching it grow and experienced different ""kingdoms"" on  different servers and have been blown away by peoples creativity.The graphics are wonderful, day/night, weather, season changes.Relaxing music that unfourtunately repeats...and repeats...and...repeatsIn depth skill tree that lets you create the person you want to be.  Really strange arrangement in what skill needs to raise to raise a different, however.Insane amount of crafting, livestock, farming, and herbalismPVP is fun with practice, lots of practiceFuture MMORPG elements to be addedPersistent world that lives and breathes when you're not connected.  This is the one thing I hate, but can't escape in this style of MMO.  Your crops and animals need tending so unless you can dedicate an hour a day to the game, you might have a problem with keeping your livestock healthy.What is it right now?  A great community based Kingdom builder with a purpose for your character.  Or a PVE server with no skill cap that lets you master everything.  Either way it's a great experience."
,Not Recommended,290080,25299980,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Xothoss,"An well-like concept that peaked my interest for my wanton of medieval Sandbox-like game. Sadly, the beginning was a little frustrating and I don't know if I'm willing to sell more of my time to try out this game. Every time a window pop-up I lose control of my character's view but not my movement so I had to open up my person's equipment window every time before I learn I just needed to tab instead after some minutes in. Usually, a lot of other stuff in game would compensate the minor annoyances like that but since it seemed it was gonna be a long time before I get anything else going to progress, it became more irritating to the stale start.Maybe its me, but I was hoping it was a little bit more new-player friendly at the start even through all of the tutorial but I can't say much because it was intended to be a hardcore survival idea of a game.UI was a bit weird to get use to, the controls were nice to my likings, and the graphics are a bit above average. Sounds for the game were a bit of a letdown--especially the tree cutting. Sounded like it was from Runescape or something.The worst part was that after I had a tree cut down to a log and sawing that log for other things, I didn't get anything afterwards. I mean, the chance for gathering the items you want was a bit disliking when you waited to find something only to get nothing in return (although mass produce sorta relieves it barely), but chop down a tree--either a small thin one or a larger one--saw that log, and get nothing in return spending, what, almost 2-3 minutes of work? Really? Like, how does that tree I cut give me nothing in return? At least give me something else to use than nothing. Some sort of wood.If this game is gonna give me some RNG chance of retrieving logs and others after spending a few minutes in to just get only one or nothing at all of an item that I may need more of in case I want to make?OVERALL: Good game concept but riddled with bugs and the RNG of not getting anything for a few minutes of owrk. I may revisit this game if there isn't a better one like this. Right now, we shall see. I'm really hoping it could do more and beyond. Really."
76561198080240355,Recommended,290080,29795949,Posted: 8 February,all,Jek,RuneScape + Morrowind + Chivalry. Everything Reign of Kings tried to be.Warning: Not for the impatient.
76561198198888330,Recommended,290080,16438051,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Rania,"I can really recommend this game.It is Early Access, but it has already enough implemented to have a nice gaming experience.===========Ich kann das Spiel wirklich empfehlen.Es ist Early Access, aber es hat bereits genug implementiert, um eine schöne Spielerfahrung zu haben."
76561197983171571,Recommended,290080,16433151,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Morok,"Game has great potential.All survival games are about grinding. You will do a lot here as well. But... It is not only about that.  The game has something... Very positive, something attractive and addictive, it s even hard to explain.+ Graphics is quite good.+ World looks alive and it is fully terraformable.+ I like the game, althogh I played a lot of different games and I am very picky.- Game still need a lot of development, but they are constantly working on it."
76561198012102752,Recommended,290080,16457440,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Morpheus,"Highly addictive and fun. Most bugs have ways around them- not a huge problem for me. I really enjoy the complexity of the crafting. Definitely recommend playing with others as it does get a little long grinding materials.All in all, 9/10"
,Recommended,290080,16454463,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Uri,"Regardless of the numerous recent negative reviews, I do enjoy this game. It's best to find a server and friends, as working alone will be a hell of a lot of grinding, but they definitely are still developing the game, if fairly slowly. There are some frequent graphical glitches, etc, but I assume those will be patched together and fixed in due time."
76561198046851091,Recommended,290080,17430720,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Cgi4567,"I like this game but I keep getting stuck in big trees, ramdomly stoping movement and after an action (and when i first spawn) I cant move the camera. I hope this is an easy fix."
76561198169892353,Not Recommended,290080,21279939,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Anas Al Faras,"Graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥which I wouldn't usually think is a problem but it ♥♥♥♥ing lags so hard. And it is *not* my pc. I run Battlefield 4 and Grand Theft Auto V on Ultra settings just fine.The community is toxic, and if youre here to rp good luck because youd be killed in your first attempt to talk to someone.If you want medivieal rp unfortunatly there isn't much but I reccomend Mount and blade roleplay servers.4/10 Unplayable."
,Not Recommended,290080,21579664,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,TheOmegaOne,"This game is absolutely NOT ready to be on the steam market. It is entirely unplayable. Game displays only a grey screen, and never loads, got it to load ONCE on a friend's computer, using an AMD GPU, but on any of my NVidia systems (including a 970) it would never get past this grey screen. On my friend's AMD system, game would constantly crash to desktop if you clicked ANYWHERE in the tutorial window, and then closed it. Immediately crashing the game to desktop.Tutorial is insufficient. My world that loaded, would never have any flint in it. So it was impossible to craft even the most BASIC item needed to play this game in any way (The axe). You can't do anything without it, and i got well into the crafting menu, and was able to learn prospecting copper/iron/silver/gold and still no axe! This game should NOT be for sale. It's not even alpha ready, let alone beta or early release. It needs to be pulled and reworked until it's ready to be played without major serious gameplay bugs. Crashing during a tutorial IS A MAJOR GAMEPLAY BUG. Absolutely garbage and not worth 40 dollars.And don't try to spend ANY time fixing this problem, as when the game crashed, the EXE was still running in the background and steam claims i played 6 hours of this game. I guarantee i didn't even get ONE hour of gameplay in, let alone 6. Steam refuses to issue a refund as of this review. Trust me, i will be speaking to my credit card company regarding this ""game"" because this is a fraudulent product. Not a game."
76561198063214231,Not Recommended,290080,21392923,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,chai flavored nut,I dont really know what to say. I bought the game an hour ago. It won't even launch and they have npt replied to my e-mail. I would say it is definitly NOT worth 40 dollars even if it did work. I am very angry and frustrated in fear that I WASTED 40 ♥♥♥♥ING DOLLARS. youtube videos look great but I am very angry. My computer is fine. If anyone has anything that might help me please reply.
76561197971649542,Not Recommended,290080,21355880,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,AGBuLLet,"Unistalled for last time.Crashes at open and close.Firewall warnings.Play a server as a noob and get killed (by wannabe tough guys) and lose the stuff you collected for three hours.Set up single player server to avoid noob killers and life looked good...until the tedious LIFE WASTING chores set in.  You spend 5 minutes cutting wood to add as fuel in camp fire, and it almost instantly burns up.Deer and wildlife run into the middle of a tree and stop.  Almost took a screen shot of one deer that looked like a head mount on a tree.Inventory system is rediculous.  You collect items and it separates them into multiple piles that you have to keep sorting and manually stacking them just to keep some orgaization.Mining and prospecting for ore, silver etc, is like finding a needle in a hay stack.  When you dig a tunnel, your inventory fills with dirt that you have to carry back out a dump in a pile, which would be fine if it actually made some progress in the process.  It's maddening!Massive learning curve on almost every task.Having to hit the tab button to go freestyle view between every action is annoying.15 hours logged and as much as I wanted this game to work, I found myself wanting to smash the computer screen in frustration....and honestly, that's a first for me.  At this point, I want my 15 hours of Life back from this feudal game!The game has a tremendous amount of potential, but it stops there."
,Recommended,290080,21493929,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Solidus Jungle,"Loading bar simulator, tenouttaten"
76561198031407677,Not Recommended,290080,21491009,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,esx9,"Hope you like context menus. Everything you do in this game requires right clicking on something, navigating over to a dropdown menu, and selecting the appropriate action.  Sometimes there are nested menus that you need to navigate through. Since most basic tasks need to be repeated many times such as gathering resources, or leveling terrain, expect to be clicking through the same menus over and over again. This is partially alleviated by an ""auto craft"" feature which will perform a task repeatedly after you've clicked on it through the menu, but you will still need to go back to the menus each time you want to change a task, and the auto-craft feature doesn't work for everything.Every time you want to access a menu, you need to stop moving and enter mouse mode. Mouse mode lets you move your mouse around and click on things. Then when you want to move around in the world again you need to switch back to move around mode. There's also a separate ""combat mode"" which you need to switch to in order to do combat.There is a way to set a default action for a tool, so for example you can set it so every time you click with a shovel it will dig the earth instead of navigating through the menu to select ""dig earth"", however you will still need to constantly go through the menu to change the default action between digging and filling since inventory space is limited. And if you want to switch tools, you again have to go back to mouse mode then to context menus. Basically there's a lot of clicking for even the most simple tasks, despite a few little short cuts.When you are working with terrain you need to constantly go into ""observe mode"" which lets you see whether the terrain is level. But again, instead of a quick key for observe mode, you need to stop moving and go into mouse mode, right click somewhere on the ground and navigate through menus to get to observe mode. Once you're in observe mode however you can't actually perform any actions and need to go back to move mode so you can use your tool.When you're gathering resources the UI doesn't tell you how much more weight you can carry, so you have to keep clicking until your inventory is full. However it will still make you go through the digging animation even if your inventory is full and then tell you that you can't pick anything up. Things like digging and even eating are not instant, you have to watch a timer count down. Watching a timer just to tell you that you can't carry any more is frustrating.The interface is poor, the control scheme is poor. The game itself is repetitive which can be forgiven for a building game, but not with the painful menu system. There might be a good game somewhere under all the clunky menus and clicking, but I can't be bothered to find it.Another side note, there's these electronic birds chirping constantly while you're playing, it's a pretty annoying sound. If you try to turn it off in the audio menu it turns off all sound effects. There really needs to be a separate setting for ""ambience"".All in all this game might be a good concept but poor implementation. It feels more like a proof of concept for a game than a completed game. Currently, it's not worth my time.5/10"
,Not Recommended,290080,21211109,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Ruin,Requires far too much system modification to play the game. The game used to be alot more stable.
76561198053224293,Recommended,290080,22116961,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Drauka92,"This is my first review I have ever written so I will attempt to describe this game in the best way possible.First off, I do not believe this game deserves 'mixed reviews'.  This game is extremely fun but you will have to earn everything!  The community is awesome, there is usually a lot of help from people if you're just starting out. Is the game worth $40? That gets tricky, I personally believe it is worth it.  The developers are constantly fixing bugs and coming out with new items and construction you can.  Not to say there are a lot of bugs or glitches, but they aren't the type of developers to leave the game like Day Z.  There are many people who say this game is a million times better than Ark.  I suggest you give it a try.This game is essentially a real-world minecraft. You can build whatever you want!  If you like mount & blade and like being the sapper/builder this game is probably for you.  It's very fun making your own personal defenses and working along skill trees.Things I have done in the game:-Dug underneath a person's wall to steal their items during 'judgement hour' which is another term for the game's 'Purge'.-Dug a tunnel for two days through an entire mountain.  Tunnel collapsed. ..-Betrayed members in my guild to steal their precious items to use in my own fort that was secretly on the other side of the hill in the valley.Leave comments if you have questions!"
76561198046877452,Recommended,290080,15643425,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,CaptainPatt,yES I RECOMMEND this game  however i need help my resolution changed in game and now i can no longer change it back if anyone can help me please do this game is amazing but this bug is killing the fun times!!
76561198055879945,Recommended,290080,25124015,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,oily fun seeker,"great gather builder grind, like it takes actual corrdinated thought and hard work to get the best stuff in this survial game."
,Recommended,290080,26758345,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,"Connor ""Irish"" O'Neill","i see a guy making a home in middle of a swamp. i stop.23:05:01 Ciceron: Welcome to the swamp, sirAlso nakedly jousted a bear on horseback.10/10"
76561198079863287,Recommended,290080,16282917,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Mr Dr Professor Patrick,Great game but it sucks that it is still in early access.
,Recommended,290080,16386614,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Defrayz,Loading Screen Simulator 201511/10 would wait again
,Recommended,290080,16302722,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,"在下坂本, 有何贵干 ?",I m waiting☺
76561198021421001,Not Recommended,290080,25272328,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Trisceratops,"This game is just too slow paced for my taste, the idea in general is nice but I cannot bring up the patience for this game, especially if you have literally anything else to do next to playing this game."
76561198020252038,Recommended,290080,25950284,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Wraithlord,"Can not wait for the mmo i have been waiting for a game like this for a while, no game is perfect and I am impressed with the upgrades and updates over the last year that i have played"
76561198187936151,Recommended,290080,30359062,Posted: 6 March,all,FineLivingston,"Most people write a review after just a few hours of gameplay, i wanted to play for a while so i could give you a better review. Now that i have played 400+ hours i can tell you this game is awesome, it does have some small problems but nothing to kill the game for me. I have been looking for a game like this, there is plenty to do and the grind is challenging. The more people you have on the server or have in your guild the better the game. People have to remember that this game is in Alpa build and they are still adding to it and making it better. After all the hours i have played i am only half way through my skill tree with still plenty to do, i havent even touched on the combat system yet and i can see were that wil be a blast.If you are looking for a game to play long term you cant go wrong with LIFYO. I have bought 6 copies so far and gave them to my friends and family to play, and all of them love it."
,Recommended,290080,30645470,Posted: 20 March,all,[TZF] Apollo,If you have friends this game is alot of fun
,Recommended,290080,34617951,Posted: 30 August,all,Loki,"Awesome game, a little wonky at times, but very enjoyable. Stoked for the full MMO release."
76561198054082270,Recommended,290080,30358575,Posted: 6 March,all,Vaarkus,"I love this game. It can be (depending on the settings of your chosen server) the most hardcore Sandbox/Survival/Building/RP game I have every played. In my 700+ hours of game play I have helped build and maintain 3 different villages including Castles, Barns, Inns, Smithies and so much more. I have hunted and killed more animals than i can remember( yes you can actually track your prey). I have killed many other players inboth solo pvp combat and group pvp combat that is not centered around simply swing a weapon and do damage. There is a strategy to pvp. And thats just the tip of the iceburg!This game is unforgiving, time consuming, and frustrating. It is also fun, rewarding, challenging and addicting. If you like hardcore sandbox/survival/crafting games then this game is for you. This game is not for solo players! Team up to survive and build a thriving community or fall by the way side and be forgotten! ( Please note that many servers are set to help people play solo. I dont recommend this.)If you truly want to become your character and Roleplay, then this is the game for you. Many servers rules are set to make RP fun and rewarding. Want to be a burly Blacksmith? Then you be that Blacksmith! You want to be a woodsguide or trapper/hunter and thus providing food and pelts to your community? Then you be that! If you can think of it then be it! You could be a Drunken Monk, or a Paladin, or any number of possibilities!Tired of breeding animals and picking herbs? Get with your friends and build some siege engines! Take down castles! Plunder the city! Be a Rouge and set up ambushes to kill and loot unaware players! Like horses? Be a knight with a lance and a sword, defending the innocent and protecting the weak!The possibilities are nearly endless. Who will you be?"
76561198135810461,Recommended,290080,30620441,Posted: 19 March,all,Eliman8,"i have really enjoyed LiF, like many others have said this game is hardcore & as much as making friends & banding together can greatly increase your development & progress, you can play as a lone ranger if you wish, i have played alone a few times & i got by very well, just by developing trade with others, living a simple life as a farmer who would work hard and trade my harvest's with the neighbouring communities for everything from weapons & armour, to warhorse's, or even just a few extra hands to help me build or clear land etc. On the teamwork side of things if you find a good bunch you can work hard in creating your castle, starting wars, raiding etc, until eventually you conquer all & your leader becomes king of all the land or the masses begin to unite against you, until nothing remains but ruble and ash from where you once laid claim. All in all this game is extremely difficult starting out but once you learn what to do i found it alot easier, although it will still take alot of time & work to level up, you really do feel rewarded when you finally finish a building or get your skills up to creating things others can't, the graphics are great, the world really feels alive, the only thing i hate is the inventory, because i like things neat and it just throws stuff everywhere lol, but apart from that ive had alot of RPG fun, check out some lets play videos & if you think its your type of game then its worth playing, also i havent followed the MMO version for abit so i dont know if its open to everyone yet, but if it is then thats where you want to play this."
76561198073089061,Not Recommended,290080,33974282,Posted: 2 August,all,latifeidrusi,You'll need a STRONG Wifi in order to play this game. Game quite lagging sometimes. Loading is very slow. I would want to sell it off if i could.
,Recommended,290080,34176798,Posted: 11 August,all,Bizzle,spent 3 days building a house and ended up joining a village and spending another week building roads and hauling trees lol was a fun game but requires a serious amount of time
76561198171642257,Recommended,290080,34749173,Posted: 4 September,all,Big Swinger James,"Probably one of the best games out there. Similar to Ark and Rust but with a much more advanced crafting system. This is a game that is not for the casual player simply because of the time required to build walls, warehouses, etc. Certianly worth the current price. A worthwhile buy if you're willing to put some time into it."
76561197966973931,Not Recommended,290080,22523736,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,IKilled!Teddy!,"If you like contant griefing rust style, with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ looting, no rp on rp servers, then have fun. Great game too sad u need a private server with friends before u can have fun, and if u dont this is not a recommended game."
,Recommended,290080,34522578,Posted: 27 August,all,CatAstrophe,a good change of pace in the daily grind
76561198057366792,Recommended,290080,34939115,Posted: 13 September,all,Nihal,"There is a learning curve, but oh it's worth it. Life is feudal is not meant to be played on your own, you NEED at least two other people to be able to do anything past building a shack and a fence.During the time I played, I learned the basic mechanics for a small week on my own, planting stuff, running around, getting killed by russians, etc, before finding a small clan (maybe 10 people total, from a bunch of different countries). And there the game really began. It's all about building a community, where each person is specialized in something, and everyone thrives to improve the ""quality"" of the materials and items. Unlike what you may hear from some people, you don't need to play 10 hours a day to enjoy it. We were 3 playing a lot, the rest would just pop by a couple hours a day to do their daily harvesting/crafting/hanging out.After a month we had a large town, stone remparts, a fort, lots of fields, a lot of horses, and basically every available craftable items. The most time consuming task was terraforming for our walls, but we all chipped in whenever we had a moment, and it probably took us a good week of shovelling total (complaining about it the whole time).Once you reach this stage with your group, it's a whole new game that opens up again. You get to train your weapon skills, build siege weapons, train warhorses, arm the newbies that live near your town, and attack your mean neighbours.Back when I played, that was the most flawed aspect of the game, we sieged a castle for a good 6 hours, because our enemies repaired their wall faster than our 2 siege engines damaged it (eventually we climbed on top of eachother and killed everyone). The combat system was also not the best, a naked guy with a pitchfork or a bow was much more efficient than an fully armored one. I hear a lot of it has been fixed now, so that shouldn't be a concern for the mmo launch.All in all this game is trully excellent, it has some flaws but there just isn't anything on the market that is as realistic and community oriented. I couldn't recommend it more!"
76561198058610339,Not Recommended,290080,22417277,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,graegore,"After playing for several days I was enjoying the game but several points I dont like that I think ruin the gameplay, first of course is a skillcap when there are so many skills that can be learnt it is to restricting, then theres the cooldown when cooking, I really enjoy sitting there staring at a screen instead of actually playing the game, then there was the digging, for some reason I dug and dug and dug and dug until finally a hole appeared but then I could not dig any further on that spot, it doesnt even say that you cannot dig any further, just goes through the action of digging but nothing else happens, I cant say I would really enjoy this game with restrictions on gameplay and long times to do stuff like cooking a meal."
,Recommended,290080,31783941,Posted: 16 May,all,Phoenix,"I was a bit sceptical buying this game at first, due to the mixed reviewes, and that most RPG games with mixed reviewes are most often, quite garbage (RoK), but when I started playing, I Instantly got hooked. The time consuming aspect of manual labour in this game is quite fascinating, and in reality, quite fun. Nothing you do, can be done over a span of an hour.To actually build anything or develop your village/town further, you need to use days and days working on it, and teamwork is esscential. Its so satisfying finally seeing your structures rise and your town becoming a reality.This game is amazing, and I would recomend this to every player, who enjoys hardcore-relistic RPG games, set in the middleages.10/10, would waste 10 hours flattening dirt again."
76561198009197485,Recommended,290080,31814298,Posted: 17 May,all,Storm Trooper,"This is my first time writing a game review. I must say this game is absolutly fantastic. I would love to se more games like this in the future. My only gripe would be to add NPC characters to help influence the game play and possible quest or side missions. As for the crafting and world creation, it's flawless. I truly enjoy the concept of how you start in the game and work through technology progression to advanced weapons and skills. I always prefered the skill base gameplay as oppose to levels and stats. Once you begin a game, the possibilities are endless. This is a very well made medieval open crafting world game. You can spend house just tending to your farm or gathering resources for construction.I DO HOPE THE DEVELOPERS KEEP ADDING TO THIS VERY WELL MADE GAME AND CONTINUE TO INSTALL NEW WEAPONS, CARTS FOR TRAVELING LIKE CARRIAGES, AND I HAVE YET TO SE A GAME WITH CANOES, ROW BOATS AND WATER TRAVEL. I MUST SAY-THE FAULTS ARE AS FOLLOWS:1. NO NPC'S2. ALL HORSES AND ANIMALS CAN BE LOST OR DIE DUE TO NOT BEING FED WHILE LOGGED OFF3. NO SHIPS AND WATER TRAVEL4. SAME REPEATED MAPKEEP AT IT GUYS AND GALS. Truly a fantatic game."
76561198024506178,Not Recommended,290080,34848602,Posted: 9 September,all,Antonio Accardo,"The interface is utter trash.  you have to be on EXACTLY the right pixel to perform an action.    You have to ""flatten"" a grid to build on it.  Fine if you only want to do a 1 grid item.  but when you want to build something bigger, every grid you change ♥♥♥♥s up all the grids around it.  Its impossible to do♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game.  Dont waste your money"
76561197961554752,Recommended,290080,12167479,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,peeka,If you like mount and blade you'll like this.
,Recommended,290080,12169867,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Edgemaniac,Lots of Potential
76561198142600487,Recommended,290080,12170024,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,ethan21213,This game is the game i have been waiting for it takes a while to get the hang of but a great game
76561198075299694,Recommended,290080,12170184,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Totalwalrus,BUY IT IT IS AWSOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198078742267,Recommended,290080,12460314,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,{{-_SpicyM3MES_-}},"Very interactive, Good graphics, lots of options and abilites and skills.Realism factor over 10000 it took me like 6 hours to make a hut!Bugs:-Loading time into game is a little long.-some glitches but who cares!-but over all a good game with very high potential 11/10 :)"
76561198079427957,Recommended,290080,12562489,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Rashid,"no gamepad option,voice only in local(?how). A lot of keyboard deaths or quit till they fix option to game pad mapping.just like elder scrolls online both need game pad options,voice .     back to my games with gamepad option,not keyboard,mouse.                i  don't play long if it cont"
76561198062425317,Recommended,290080,12681575,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Turbo,"Okay I'm going to tell you all what I just did with the last few hours of my life:1. I entered the game and saw that I had 1-8 fps, I lowered my settings to the lowest on everything but had still like 6-10 fps.2. Me and my friends spend 30 minutes meeting up.3. Crashed like 4 times4. We meet up and start doing stuff for about 2 hours and guess what.5. I ran into a tree and turned invisible oh and glitched so I had to reset my game, then I joined back and crashed...6. In that time we built a small plowed plot with like a few carrots and peas, half a furnace and a few tools.7. Then I crashed and gave up.10/10 would recommend to people who enjoy closing and launching games."
,Recommended,290080,13308615,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Mr Saxon,Over 182 hours of gameplay and I still love this game. Hurry up and get this while were waiting on MMO. This way when the it comes out you already have a free character and you will also get a feel for what the MMO is going to be like. This is one of the best medieval style games to date. Show your support and pick up this game.
76561198039870191,Recommended,290080,13465913,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Mal_Goldcrier1,Great game!
76561198102833071,Recommended,290080,13953923,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,[WPAR] Lord Henry.,This game is very Lordly.
76561198071657012,Recommended,290080,14156026,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Tyrannofaggot,Tried to dig a hole for 2 hours.Finally broke through.10/10 would dig again
76561198209044296,Not Recommended,290080,14305232,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Demius21,Game Absolutely Has Potential But Is Way Over Priced For The Condition It Is Currently In.
,Recommended,290080,15499312,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Killrage699,i am♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because i bought game at 40 usd then not even 8 hours later it goes on salebut the game is great i do recommend it but play with friends as for the skill tree is large and cant learn everything
76561198126188749,Recommended,290080,16239451,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,TOC-Owner-Austin,i just need a new pc to play lols to lag at this time i love it so mutch well when the loding for 1hr stops lols thats my pc for you ha ...........thx for the game
76561198094432841,Recommended,290080,16251801,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Da Boyz,"Great game, cant wait for MMO (hopefully). If your used to playing minecraft and building a house in 30 seconds, don't play this game. This is a simulator."
76561198079758720,Recommended,290080,16254337,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,-TST-Vergan,"Awesome concept! however it needs work, the interface on crafting is counter-intuitive and requires some messing about, the combat isn't particulary great, the map it self is full of glitches such as graphic decals not sitting properly or connecting to each other correctly, the AI on the animals is rather basic, crafting and leveling is much too slow.Sadly i think by the time this game is complete, a better or more competitive game company will of already released something like this."
76561198176237527,Recommended,290080,17051949,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,poffabacco,"I put the full-screen just to see how was it and now I can't go back because I can't see the entire page where I have to click APPLY or OK, Please help me"
76561198014093186,Recommended,290080,18134220,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Mullet,Sense this game has been updated i cant seem to open the game up. Even reinstalled. :(
76561198008536512,Not Recommended,290080,19217028,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Steve,"This game seemed to have alot of potential, then I learned it had been in development for quiet awhile, it is playable mostly, very tedious and frustraiting, takes alot of time to get anything done, you are forced to play multiplayer or you will never get anywhere. Graphics are ok, mostly, still glitches even after release. Once you build something you are stuck with it. Build a shack, great, level up some, want a Med house, to bad you can build it next to your shack, but your stuck with it. Storage is a joke,  Devs actively remove negative posts and ban hammer the forums, Fanboys galore. There are to many better built and supported games like this out there to spend money on this one hopeing it will get fixed.If I could I would request a refund.Added:The negative reviews are spot on, the Posative reviews are probably payed for by the Dev that isnt realy doing anything, another case of release it and collect the money and walk away. Game was in Alpha for almost 2 years, its still barley an Alpha and has been released as finished, don't waste your money. Thank you Steam for the refund."
76561198044289258,Recommended,290080,20314633,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Hochmeister Anson,Its the best. Buy it.
76561197987540382,Recommended,290080,21912005,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Napkins,I AM SEAN BEANNNNNNNN!!!!
76561198307931802,Recommended,290080,25447574,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Hellwinter,It is a game where crafting is some what realistic time wise and how stuff is created.
,Recommended,290080,29407427,Posted: 21 January,all,AsylumJohn,"Grinder, you harvest and build the same items to level up a 1000x. After your week long wash/repeat grinding and can play not bad."
76561198039819071,Not Recommended,290080,35432952,Posted: 2 October,all,St4tic Hybrid,Wished this was more than the bugs it is plugued with. Camera crap and long load times for creating my own server...
,Recommended,290080,12166455,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Rament,This has to be one of the best examples of a sandbox game I have played. Truly having fun figuring out how to complete the next step. Looking forward I can't wait to see what they are going to be implenting next.
76561197979160301,Recommended,290080,12487867,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,THIEF,"Great Potential, Immersive Sandbox Game"
76561198117599818,Not Recommended,290080,14342582,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,⎛⎝Lucifearus⎠⎞,"The bugs are too much. I understand its alpha, but when I change my screen size to fullscreen and I have to manually turn off my computer because the fullscreen screwed up my game and freezes my computer every time I open it we have a problem. Also, I run a very high capability CPU. Simply too many problems to be overlooked, even in Alpha. Controls are also very awkward and you will likely find yourself stuck when you first start the game. Worth 10 dollars, not 40."
76561197966613039,Not Recommended,290080,15148475,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Beercanoe,"The idea of a medieval survival crafting game is great, but the execution in the case of LIF:YO is awful. After a handful of hours, I'm seeing a pattern of pointless grinding needed to make anything cool that extends far beyond aggregating the needed materials. You literally have to snap branches off of trees until you have 30 skill points in branch snapping in order to use the axe you made an hour and a half ago to cut a log. Only then do you realize that you need to cut trees for 30 levels before you can actually reduce said log into fuel for a fire.Just how much knowledge of ""Turn big wood into little wood"" does my guy have to have in order to fuel a fire he already knew how to make from the beginning? I quit playing after I found the skill tree and saw what a grindfest I was in for before I'd be able to do much more than chop and scavenge things for the sake of grinding chopping and scavenging.That said, if this game ever becomes not bad, I'll come back and rewrite this. I disliked a lot of other things, but I chalk them up to it being early in development and there being a lack of content at this point. What I was hoping to see were solid basic game mechanics and I'm sad to say that I found none."
,Recommended,290080,12183556,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,HeatCliff,this is the best real life simulator
76561198025928232,Recommended,290080,30518878,Posted: 14 March,all,Daddy Dur,you know i dont usually write reviews i think this is the second review i have ever done so let me list all the pros  firstthe game is very addicting if you have a good group of friewnds who are willing to put in time and effort you will have lots of fun also when you finnally finish buiulding something the feeling of success is amazing from the moment you build your first little shack to your first stone keep its a feeling of accomplishment everything in the game takes time and effort so if you want to just play around for 30 minutes to an hour your not going to get max level on your skills and to my next point this game does not have level its goes off skills you train and when you die they can go down a small percentage or allot depending on your alignment most of the bad revioews are of people claiming abuse or glitches  given there aree alot of abusive admins and glitches but if you find the right server its a very fun experiance currently i play on the shattered lands eu server and i work as a healer and an herbalist fopr a bandit group and hes also a big Life is Fuedal Streamer you should check him outwww.twitch.tv/mrpinball022but over all im just saying this game is amazing if you put time anmd effort in if you arnmt willing toi put time and effort in its not going to go ytour way defiantly looking forward to the life is fuedal mmo when it releases
76561198142807675,Recommended,290080,12474774,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,nicadimis25,great game just cant wait for it to get progress on some of the issues glad i bought it though
76561198006355436,Recommended,290080,12502419,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Captain Jack,So I spent 17 hours straight playing this on saturday I can happily say im addicted.
76561198093125124,Not Recommended,290080,14342531,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,sparks216,Hey guys this is a awesome game... lol. Seriously imposible for me to play the game because the server local can't be reach . Productor of this game not fix this and let you try to fix their game so if u want buy a very good game who can't be playable : Enjoy !   Ithink its just a copy of stomping land --'
76561198042240066,Recommended,290080,12181198,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,|OO| Kendal,"yo dis♥♥♥♥♥♥is of dah hewk i drop a log an kill a dude, das fuedal"
76561198128870817,Recommended,290080,12278858,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Young Guard™,"I love this game even though it's an alpha. The concept is great and I always look forward for more updates. The only problem I have with this game is that every time I make my own world, The second time I go into it it keeps crashing and lose all my progress in the world. :("
76561198038522711,Not Recommended,290080,16104395,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,jdelac3,Currently broken for me. I looked around and found that this bug has been around for quite some time. Tried different ad hoc fixes but none are working. Might change review once they get this fixed.
76561198024727187,Recommended,290080,33265058,Posted: 5 July,all,Splat,One of the best games I have played in a long long time.
,Recommended,290080,24467071,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,sG | Dakka,"I've had this for a long time now, jumping off and on, and I can say that this has turned from a ""Russian scam"" to a full-fledged game. I thoroughly enjoy it and look forward to owning LiF:MMO where I can hope to meet hundreds or thousands of new people and clans and kingdoms and possibly even empires."
76561198007307550,Recommended,290080,28091679,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,VIIKIING,cool game
76561198083456231,Not Recommended,290080,29576450,Posted: 29 January,all,Hugh G Rection,"Boring, confusing mechanics, insignificant playerbase. All in all, I'd advise not to spend your money on this. 2/10"
76561198058996857,Not Recommended,290080,16609887,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Beans,"My friend told me to get this game after he himself had only played it for a few hours, and I stupidly purchased it. I spent the majority of my time trying to create a mine, and it was buggy as all hell. I wouldn't pay 99 cents for this game as it has seen no progress as far as development lately and I would be surprised if it saw any in the near future.I suggest no one buys this game, I wish I still had my $40."
,Not Recommended,290080,12320364,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Raelic,"Takes literally hours to do anything, especially by yourself.for what it is, it is a ridiculous resource hog, and I have no issues playing anything else on Max settings.trying to connect to any multiplayer server just gets stuck on ""loading"" until it crashes.This could be a really really good game, But for its current state, it isnt worth $10 let alone $40.check it out in about 6 months, you will regret wasting your money for now."
76561198141737373,Not Recommended,290080,12320648,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,jsphhrt,"How am I supposed to play without my own private server that wasn't mentioned anywhere until I had already bought the game.  I don't have 100 dollars to drop on a server.  Granted, I can still join other servers, but every time i go to play i can never access the character i made or the server i was on.  Yes, I was warned it was in alpha testing so i exspected glitches and lag, but not HAVING TO HAVE MY OWN SERVER.  This needs to be made much clearer to people before they buy the game."
76561198040925451,Not Recommended,290080,13617735,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Blackstrings,"Normalmente nunca escrevo análises, mas nessa eu estou morrendo de vontade de escrever...1º - Achar animal é praticamente impossível.2º- PVP é horrível, jogabilidade péssima.3º- A tela de ""carregando o mapa"" fica uns 30 anos e eu jogo uns 10 minutos antes que o server trave todo.Espero ver melhoras nesse jogo urgente, não paguei para ser passado a perna"
76561198004772072,Recommended,290080,20901129,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,BLDS | Baal,"This is the game I always dreamed about.Played it the day it went out, it was awful but I liked it anyway.Played it one year after, I ♥♥♥♥ed in my pants.Btw if you don't like hardcore games, this is not the game you're looking for :)"
76561198075568444,Recommended,290080,13637512,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,UniqueUsername,"Will everyone who bought the alpha version, get the beta and the final release game for free?"
76561198022719643,Recommended,290080,16222619,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,caerhill,Cannot get past the the first page to agree to the contact...suggestions?
,Recommended,290080,16332299,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Kryeger,"Grindy game, but great nonetheless."
76561198029332652,Recommended,290080,16335586,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,dranman,Very time consuming if you like to build towns and it feel legit this is the game for you.
76561198134233578,Recommended,290080,16224073,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,XplicitGameX,love this game have heaps of fun playing it thanks
,Recommended,290080,16228767,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Benwick_TFB,"This game is very chalenging. (which is the best part about it) It's pretty much my dream game. However, it it's current alpha state, it's very buggy and almost unplayable."
,Recommended,290080,16318603,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Baxterish,"Forewarning:  Prepare for a grind.  With that being said, you can also prepare yourself for feelings of accomplishment and pride.  I fully recommend this game despite the ""Mixed"" reviews.All right, so I've had this game for a while now.  I can't recall at what point I purchased it, but I can tell you there have been MANY improvements and implementations into the game since.  I love this game.The devs are open with the community, they're actively tracking and fixing bugs, and I can't help but love the crazy Ruskis behind it.On with the Pros/Cons:Pros:You can terraform anything.  With a big enough group, you can level a huge area pretty quickly, or make your own plataeu village.Requires seamless cooperation from multiple people to achieve amazing ends.Certain resources are actually area-dependent, promoting trade between towns.Settings can be adjusted - You can max out all the skills in a short time, or play something closer to realistic.Animals will kill you if you're not properly prepared for it.  Don't chase down wolves with your bare hands.Everything is player made.  I LOVE crafting and the way it was implemented in this game.My favorite aspect:  EVERYTHING HAS QUALITY!  Your end-game here is producing perfect materials and items.Cons:Requires seamless cooperation from multiple people to achieve amazing goals.  If you don't have a group, I bid you good luck in finding some Canadians to take you in.  They're nice people.  Really.Combat takes a lot of practice.Worst thing I can think of:  The grind can be a little too realistic.  While you're going to want those awesome stone walls and towers put up, you're also going to have to spend your ""down time"" shaping stone and moving logs.  It's like snapping peas, though, make it a social thing.  It can be very zen sometimes."
76561197995893746,Recommended,290080,16336368,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,macpharlan,"Still in alqha so has a lot of work to do, but had loads of potential also."
,Recommended,290080,16486634,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Abiamox,"best crafting and survival game out of ANY of the current options, all the negative reviews I've read say ""development of the game is practically non-existent""... which is a blatant lie... you can look at the list of patches and what they have added/fixed. patches that seem to come out with bulk addistions every 2-3 weeks... while the $40 price tag seems a little steep, you are buying the release MMO when you pay for the alpha, which even in itself is AMAZING.I allmost feel like all the negative reviews are other game Dev's jealous of how inovative this game is.Better crafting system then ANY similar gameBetter melle combat then ANY similar gameBetter use of guilds then ANY similar game....A MOST HAVE for any fan of survival games AND/OR MMO fans"
76561197972317018,Recommended,290080,15828762,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,lol,I love almost everything about this game other then the grind. The game looks good and plays well but the grind needed to reach the end game is too high.
,Not Recommended,290080,12175157,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Dad,DO NOT EVER GET THIS PERICE OF CRAP HOLY FEST THIS GAME IS NOT WORTH 40 DOLLARS ITS ♥♥♥♥ING TRASH GET RUST INSTED THIS IS BUGGY PEICE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥I WOULD RATHER ♥♥♥♥ING CUT MY♥♥♥♥♥♥OFF THEN PLAY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING BAD RATS COPY!
,Recommended,290080,15716582,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,iozz,best sandbox/survival game i have played its like we have our own mmo. very playable now tho. Please remember this is alpha it will have bugs but the point of alpha is to help test the game and find bugs if you do not like to work at doing things like gather wood search for theore vein in the mountain etc this isnt for you if you want to really feel like you accomplished a goal then youll love it. you wont just jump into this and have the best stuff you will have to work for it. highly recommend it to anyone who like sandbox games or medieval games and remember life is feudal
76561198097775430,Recommended,290080,15271959,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,theonlytreat,im stuck in my house i built when i spawn please help other than that ive enjoyed the game
,Not Recommended,290080,21091273,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ProcDrone,"I cannot recomment this game, sturdy, not fluent, grindy."
76561198005449071,Not Recommended,290080,21055645,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,ECH,its like a slightly ♥♥♥♥♥ier version than reign of kings
,Recommended,290080,29575246,Posted: 29 January,all,(-RoS-) Fujiwara Tetsuke,"Okay, I've only resently had this issue where I get 'Run Time' errors. I validate my files and it says there good. Then I get to a server and then it says again run time error. What do I need to do to fix it?"
,Recommended,290080,21986186,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Omnipotence,"I love this game! The great survival aspects with a twist of medieval really creates a fun and exiting game. Most people only dislike this game because of how long it takes to even make a simple house, or needing skills, but this game is all about the realism behind what people had to deal with back then - and remember Life IS feudal"
76561198025940563,Not Recommended,290080,26583484,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,MrMilkshake,"Both games this company make do not work for me and many others anymore after them working just fine in the past. Having uninstalled for a while then coming back the problems still exsist on both games. Great when they worked, but i'd save my money and spend it elsewhere if i were you."
,Recommended,290080,28723193,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Flapjack,This game is *not that* terrible.
76561198001807994,Not Recommended,290080,17546181,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Crudux Cruo,"This is not a game, its an experiment the developers decided to release to test the mechanics so that they can make an MMO. you're paying for a product that exists only in principle. so then, playing this small server only game to what should be an MMO is ok, but not even the core framework is developed yet, plenty of screwey unimplemented skills and bad game mechanics, as well as bugs galore, namely to do with networking.Just wait for the life is feudal mmo, dont waste your money on this bull.edit: now they've released a new game based of LIF, and the free MMO is up in the air... double dog crap sunday."
,Recommended,290080,26937363,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dhementor,"God...I need to play it again but I don't have time!!! Can you help me!?? I have two kids and a Wife, Work, a great house, almost sex all the days,my son are good in the school, but WHY!!??? If I don't have time to play this game....It's just perfect...maybe I can divorce from my Wife....and have my child some days and not other...then...I will have time to play it...YES, that...I will do that...yeahh....We are going to do it, right?...we have time for this plan, we just need to call a lawer and pay the divorce, talk with my sons and just explain my choise and why they don't need to have sons and Wife and have always time for you, you are soo perfect..you.....My PRECIOUS!!!!"
76561198114384365,Recommended,290080,16655518,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,ShaneTheSlayer,It's a fun game but it is a lot of work it takes a while to get from wooden tools and a hobo shack to plate armor and a huge castle. It can be very frustrating one time i spent 2 weeks on a server had just finished wooden walls surrounding my place then the server went down... all of that down the drain. But when you finally get to where you're set up with a good base and good weapons and armor it becomes a lot of fun and you can start wars and such. If you have to time and the money its a good game.
76561198215461792,Recommended,290080,15294329,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,rubyismycat,"Potentially awsome they need a better interface and the games full of really anoying stupidly unnecessary problems gear stored in bags dissapears very annoying, the game sometimes doesnt save more annoying and totally irational methadology to certail in game skill chains.Far too much busy work not enough polish developers finish this game properly then lets try again please.ill give the game a thumbs up it could become great but sadly i doubt it"
,Recommended,290080,28400335,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,GoofyGoose,"this game is cool as hell, just needs population"
76561198045455980,Recommended,290080,21169550,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Baby Cakes,"currently the only one keeping me occupied.  Heavy grind. Everything you accomplish feels like just that, an accomplishment. Glad I own it and look forward to new patches and the mmorpg. Hefty learning curve. Its like ultima online, swg, and the best survival games had a love child."
,Not Recommended,290080,24924850,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,r-Diggz,"This game as the right idea, just bad exicution. You need to make a stable game if you want to make money. The tutorial is bad, the controls are bad and it too far from a playable game. I do not recomend this game to anyone until the developers can put some real time in on it."
,Recommended,290080,28193511,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,FishY,The CamperCombo single player experience.
,Not Recommended,290080,12202150,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Marinxar,"First off, the bad. As stated the game is in Alpha phase and not all things are implimented yet, and other things are still buggy. They promised a lot of things and delivered few. I feel I been ripped off.Review used to be positive, but recently they been posting images of them reenacting satanic rituals on their fb and public sites. Can't support this kind of thing, slaughtered animal in pentagram with people bowing to it. That is not something I want kids, not my own or anyone elses, to see and get accustomed to. No matter what you believe or not believe, ritual sacrifice of animals should not be promoted in a game."
76561197982877381,Not Recommended,290080,12199904,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Dethstarr,"It is very early days however the scope and potential of this game are shining through already.  It has a long way to go, so dont go early access unless your willing to wait as aspects of the game are a long way from ready.  Trying to configure a dedicated server has wasted many hours and even following step by step guides a d working server eludes mee.  This is a big problem at this point as worlds are small and only as persistent as you can control for yourself.However, it is Early Access and this game is fun.  The opportunities are as mindboggling as the depth.This game has so much scope that it is impossible to review.  If you like open world games with a great deal of depth which you will be playing for a long long time to time, this is beyond the scope of almost anything I have seen.  I am going to enjoy watching how this one develops."
,Not Recommended,290080,16538903,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,[BS] syderwarp,20minutes can t access first server feels like your just ripped off $26( oh and now taxes! from a State I don't live in)
76561198218748067,Recommended,290080,26603856,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Ronaline,"Pretty great game if you like to grind out and work for what you want. I would definitley go back to this if I had a friend with me and we could do our own thing on a server, but there are great servers out there, including straight RP or just PVP if you so wish."
,Recommended,290080,16007142,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Spoonz,"If you want a medieval survival you are looking at the right game. Probably the most realistic survival and  also most time consuming. You don't just get  to build a massive keep in a day. It takes a week, and your house the small plaster one not the shack the fastest I had one up was in 3 hrs of game play, and that was from the location I was in. Also the plus about the game is that there is quality on items, which makes you want to find the best stuff as soon as possible, or else your weapon would break on you in combat and you would die. Which death would ruin your skill points especially if you are a known murderer, which also makes the random death match quite limited for no one wants to die."
76561198056906140,Recommended,290080,16101778,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Obi Wan Shinobi,A great game. Only thing they forgot to show was the hours on end you spend punching the ground and staring at trees.
76561198069795378,Recommended,290080,16135494,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,frederikkeller,"i cant wait for it to work, but for now, it's just a cool and beautiful world."
76561198130536466,Recommended,290080,16191825,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,PREACHER,It will take a lot of time to get to know how this game works and how to go about building things and working with other and what you want to be and how you want to do it.
76561198155969392,Recommended,290080,16193404,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,aidan.lee,this game is fun if difficult you will most likely eather need a tutorial video from youtube or a helpful player but once you know what you are doing its very fun and has a very long play time
,Recommended,290080,21180230,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Ilya Kurilenko,"I don't know why so many people dislike this game.  You do have to commit a lot of time, but you can adjust how long it takes to make and craft items. Make your own game with your own rules if you want/need to build/craft faster.  Not any different then grinding dungeons over and over to get items in other games. Lots of detail and a very complex game.  Nothing is handed to you and you have to earn your keep.  Cannot wait for battle... hope to slay ya later..."
76561198110032710,Recommended,290080,21571097,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,rennyhall79,"This open sandbox game is lovely to look at.  It's in alpha testing phase, but they have already added and fixed a lot of things.  This game has a lot of potential!"
76561198086328905,Recommended,290080,21174652,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,alex_17_ilie,i'm lovin' it!
,Recommended,290080,21403488,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,jikdur,Ive only played for about 100 hours but im really enjoying the experience even though im playing solo which i wouldnt recommend. If your wanting the high tier building as resource cost can get high.Just one more point to add tamed aniimals are like tamagotchi's dont leave them a irl day and expect them not to be dead haha bye bye 90quaility pigs.Highly recommened game
76561198220063979,Recommended,290080,21506183,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Brian Griffin,This game has a lot of potential.I recommend this game its just so fun and it got a high crafting sistem.
,Recommended,290080,21633903,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Daffles,breddy dank
76561197980745911,Recommended,290080,21342791,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Frozen_Thumbs,"What they are trying to accomplish they do good at. There is a lot this game offers. It may not alway be perfect, but its very playable and ejoyable."
,Recommended,290080,21378184,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,MetalxTongue,"The game is really fun. There is a ton to build, including your skills. This game is meant to be played with friends or you have to make some. Because, there is only so much a single person can do. There is a skill cap that will eventually be reached and in order for to do other things you would have to lower your already full skills to learn something new.I say get it and join in on the fun."
76561197970643146,Recommended,290080,21577210,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Richard Cockburn,"Game is very much minecraft for adults/teenagers, with an environment that looks not unlike the Witcher series. Crafting is extremely in-depth and not for the faint of heart. Hardest part is finding ore, but once you do, things progress very rapidly."
,Recommended,290080,21343183,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,ZIPPY,"really good game, need alot of time and patience tho"
76561198035673634,Recommended,290080,21630712,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,tallcaddell,"Honestly just an interesting game. Start off as a hermit-peasant with rags on your back and nothing else. Sustain yourself with a variety of tasks, or specialize in a trade to bring about advanced products in a purely player driven economy. Everything you ever buy, sell, or use will be made or collected by a player. Honestly could seem dull to the impatient types out there, or those who need quick, easy entertainment, but me and my group of friends had a great time building our own little village.If you can get advanced enough to actually wage war, it has non-target combat which is always fun, and an interesting ""formations"" system which encourages teamwork. The entire game is built around encouraging teamwork and abosultuely demolishes griefers and undesirables (but at the same time, if you can pull off being a evil character in this game, the effort it takes makes it pretty okay).An awesome niche title that is still growing and adding content. I'm really hopefull to see how the MMO handles (which all owners of Your Own get a character in for free)."
76561198008593505,Recommended,290080,21541095,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Magyve403,Excellent game prepare for a grind and lots of time
76561198227162476,Recommended,290080,33316710,Posted: 6 July,all,alpal240,♥♥♥
76561198056642460,Not Recommended,290080,19180624,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Han Solo,"Concept of the game is perfect but it has a lot of optimization problems. I've tried to create my own world but i faced with loooong loading screens. It happens everytime when i want to enter my world. Also i got some frame problems therefore i couldn't play this game efficiently.If you have good pc, you should give a try. Otherwise, i recommend you to think twice before buying."
76561198092966685,Recommended,290080,20986220,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Vajangle,"I am really really bummed, keeps saying that the game client stopped working. I was super stoked to play this, and then poof... 40 bucks and I didn't even get to attempt to play it. Please fix, the game looks freaking fantastic!!!"
76561198086012049,Recommended,290080,13949020,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,oneRecker,"wost game ever, I am running on 4.0 8 core processor and 16 GB of ram AMD 7950 graphics card on a 30 Gbt ethernet connection installed on an SSD hardrive and the game WILL NOT LOAD, I sit in ""loading world"" for 30 minutes and nothing happens, I click exit game, and the game is ""not responding"" its worst game ever, I want my $40 back!*EDIT* 10/31/2016So its been many many months since i originally got this game, and the progress they have made, has completely changed my experience, Now I am able to play it, and the game play is absolutely entertaining, it can be a bit grindy, but it is a very rewarding game, your hard work pays off, it is a great game for a group of friends to clan, it is much harder to solo. I am kind of glad I didnt get the refund because I would have never tried it again, and would not have experienced the game."
76561198006602062,Recommended,290080,29161239,Posted: 10 January,all,ggarzelli,Fairly good game. Looking forward to the mmo recommended.
76561198045843098,Recommended,290080,16528249,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Eremitae,"The requires a realization that teamwork is key. Don't expect to launch the game and do everything by yourself like you can in other survival games. As soon as I bought this game, my first impressions were rather poor. I was saying ""Clunky UI"" and ""Horrible skill progression"" Although it might seem like that at first sight, I realized it was actually very intuitive. The UI is allowed to be placed freely and wherever you like. It's wonderful in fact!There is a lot of grinding to per se ""unlock"" options to craft/expand on what you are leaning for. For example, want to be a blacksmith? First you need to prospect and figure out where some ore is. Keep doing that until you reach the 30 mark on Prospecting and now you unlock mining. Depending on the server, grinding can be fast or slow.This is where working together with fellow people is essential. As for I, we play on the RP Clif Server which raises the cap just a little over the default skills progression cap. This forces joint operation such as someone being a blacksmith, farmer, contruction builder, herbalist (Which is the most grinding of all the skills as well as animal lore which is under farming), carpentry, ect.Many people find this off putting but this is exactly what I look for a survival/building medieval game. The social bonds and interaction on this game is like no other. In your average surival game like Ark or Rust you will most likely be killed on sight and get a few laughs out of little things. In LiF: YO however, you forge your own destinies and bonds with each other. It's epic!Thank you for this game and I can't wait until it is fully complete.Cons:Some mining can cause server lag/freezes annoyancesGame crashes (when exiting, changing audio device,ect)Some bugs (nothing major)Exploits (Making bolts to sacrifce in your claim is OP!)Need more people than 64 people on a server (playerbase and server cap) MMO PleaseCombat is a clunky (especially compared to Mount and Blade Warband/NW which clearly this game is inspired from)Pros:Wonderful teamwork requiredLove the skill progression(although it can be a little grindy in some skills, balance needed in areas)Love to see how you progress when finally accomplishing somethingRP servers and wars of guildsRealism(for the most part) based around the Middle Ages"
,Recommended,290080,12253169,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Ratboy,good game
76561198110148586,Recommended,290080,20650009,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,ɟooפ,Only playable if you have ALOT of time on your hands.Only buy it if you have no job and nothing else to do.
76561198196939711,Recommended,290080,30417821,Posted: 9 March,all,RivalBarracuda5,if anyone gets this game dont go on this server the admin is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who tells people to kill them selfs For HONOR: The Three Kingdoms
,Recommended,290080,31265088,Posted: 20 April,all,BR Patrol,Amazing game
76561198008244407,Recommended,290080,34250511,Posted: 14 August,all,The Freak,"The game is good, you will not be able to rush this game depending on what server you go on, take your time and learn this is like nothing i have been on before.In facy my only down side to the game is once at main load screen all the text seems to get a box around each letter and makes if very hard to read, make your chap/lady and then to pick a server and join one, I did find once done you can go back and you can read all however if you log of and come back to the game it will be back to the text box again :-( can find nothing on this and how to fix it i have tried re load but get the same everytime.The game runs ok on my MSI Apache Pro."
76561197968345843,Recommended,290080,22504908,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,scott.art,"This game has become like crack to me, and I've still yet to experience much of what it has to offer. I am currently just playing on a private server with one other friend, and I find the open-world crafting and building extremely satisfying. It has tremendous depth and complexity. The learning curve is steep, to be sure, and the interface is a bit finicky. However, I think that's a fair trade for the incredible freedom this game allows. One day I'll actually try playing on a large-population public server; I'm sure that will open up an entirely new set of fun experiences.I highly recommend this game to anyone who has the patience to climb the steep learning curve and enjoys open-world sandbox builders."
76561198091174618,Recommended,290080,22597785,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Shmuel The Jew,"I saw this game in my queue and I thought it looked cool because im into the medieval time etc. I got the game because it was on sale and somewhat disapointed. The reason being that its hugely relies on multiplayer and I don't really have to many people to play with. I played the game for some time to see how I like it and its a good game though I can't do anything really because it would take hours and I don't have that time. If i'd known that I wouldn't have got the game. I can't say its a bad game but if you have no one to play with or enough time DON'T GET THIS GAME. I probably won't be playing anymore and sometimes think of the 23$ I ""wasted"" on this game. I do recommend this game however just because its a good game for lots of poeple and it was not meant for me to buy."
76561198152308170,Recommended,290080,30234425,Posted: 27 February,all,Reaper,Great game love the terraforming played so much I had to take a few weeks off.
76561198136374926,Recommended,290080,30265814,Posted: 1 March,all,bottomley00,This game used to play on my cpu now it says something like adapter not dx11 compatable why is that how can if fix the issue had no issues with the game before.
,Recommended,290080,31828151,Posted: 18 May,all,Anal Waterfall,I didn't know grind till this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,290080,30201750,Posted: 26 February,all,[715] R3SPONSE,"This game has a lot of potential, some things need to be tweaked, but nothing game breaking. The best comparison I have for this game is its like the EVE Online of Rust. You want the in depth and time paid off feeling from grinding and time spent, this is the game."
76561198074920944,Recommended,290080,30365717,Posted: 6 March,all,Warspite,Life is Feudal really puts you through the grind of a medieval life. If i have to level one more parcel of ground I will find a rat to gift me the bubonic plague.9/10 will level ground again.
76561198048038147,Recommended,290080,30414661,Posted: 9 March,all,lencraig,This game so far is really fun if you have a good interactive group. This is not a solo game no matter what you are from a bandit to a craftsmen. You will want to join a group of at least 2 people. It is really fun and I can not wait for the MMO.If I had to describe it it is a survival build game with real world elements that intertwine for a imersive gameplay machanic.
,Not Recommended,290080,13494315,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mini Grim,"Over 1800 hours. WAS THE BEST GAME EVER!!!!!! But has slowly died with less than 1000 players at peak times  playing the game. Slow making progress and has lag problems.08/09/2016. No real changes and still no lag fix. They have moved on to other games.12/12/2016 Messed up tree growth to try combat daytime lag. Added blueprints to stop people from easy making best armor though 1% to find one is bad whats worse you need to find new region stuff to make which is also 1%. Also the broken the growth as nothing grows if it does not rain, and there is no rain in winter so puts you at a stand still, This is meant to be Your Own where you can have what settings you want but unless you want to edit your server files you will have to play the MMO settings."
76561198065163975,Not Recommended,290080,12359293,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,frozenfire27,"You take hours making items, then when you try to make an anvil, it disapears due to low inventory space"
76561197987379526,Not Recommended,290080,12364858,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Solation,"Have only managed to play it once, since logging off its never allowed me to log back into a server. :(other than that, quite enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,290080,13729279,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,911,I farmed roots for an hour then got mugged by 3 naked men.Respawned and then I was roleplay♥♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10Garbage
76561198119534775,Not Recommended,290080,13731194,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,uncle nancy,"dont buy it yetalot of potential but until there are community servers, dont join some 12 year olds server in which he abuses and ban those who wanna play"
76561197963706093,Not Recommended,290080,13832371,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Barthalonious Monk,"I had high hopes for this game, but was let down.  I prefer Rust over this game any day of the week."
76561198022952734,Not Recommended,290080,13987273,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,eyebrows,"This game is great if you want to progress through a detailed tech tree and crafting system however it is simply too slow for my liking. Great if you have plenty, and I mean plenty, of time but if you are after a game like Rust this is much more detailed and slower to progress.I am somewhat concerned that the developers whilst warning those that this is a early access with all of its bugs, state that this is and will lead up to a huge MMO later down the track with in game purchases and upgrades($$$$). If this is the case, please look after those who persisted through the early access and reward them for paying the money to play and report the bugs for your benefit.I would not recommend this game this early if you're expecting a complete, fully functioning piece of software as it has too many bugs. Also if you're a lone wolf player, this is not the game for you. You need friends to help build and progress through the tech tree(which is good, don't get me wrong) but you will simply get steamrolled by bigger groups if you're alone. Much safer if you have friends playing too."
76561197963773765,Not Recommended,290080,14006067,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,GirthQQuakes,"I got this with a friend, excited to try another sandbox game. The graphics looked nice, and the reviews were very positive.I played for 2 hours, and havent touched the game since. The crafting is tedious, the UI is a pain in the butt, the world is very empty feeling, and to do anything at all takes a ton of time with no excitement or rewards to break up the game play. 5 mouse click to gather grass once? No thanks.Do not be fooled by the videos on the steam page, you will not be wearing armor or swinging a sword. You will be getting carpel tunnel from gathering bark and grass."
76561197973364292,Not Recommended,290080,12362651,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Bjorn Stein,"This game needs a ton of work still.There are numerous bugs in the game that need attention. i.e.*Poor user interface control- like items don't stack in inventory.*Universal icon texture for tree sprouts collected.*Dead Wolves respawn over and over ---dead.*World Map is incomplete with no legend nor Zoom like it is advertised.*Once a structure is built you can't remove it simply deconstructing it.*NO use of ranged weapons..thats right no Bows to shoot things with just a sling with stones to take that moose down with =+/*Built structures do not form to the ground well... you must manually dig everything flat or have floating edges of your building making the structure look uneven.  This takes a very very long time.*Mining only works on exposed ores..  Busting rock is 95% of mining and you don't get points for it while busting rock.*Mining tunnels create very sharp edges and it is possible to create a hole you can't climb out of because you remove huge blocks at a time.. this should be fixed to show a more realistic hole when using hand tools that is smooth and gradually gets created...   it's like your using an excavator once the block comes out, if you got the patience to stand there that long.*No self help guide in game to explain how to make more advanced tools... prepare to alt tab non stop so you can look up help.*No weapons starting out to defend yourself.. nope not even a simple spear to make... prepare to wack wolves with a shovel or whever you got on at the time while your fishing..possibly your fishing pole...This game needs work..lots of it, but it's headed in the right direction, however if you feel like spending $40.00 on an unfinished game full of promises then go ahead .As for me I am unhappy I spent my money on this massive time sink... Supposedly going to be an MMO eventually with offical based servers and the whole 9.. I seriously doubt there willl be GM's and a customer support ticket service nor any real economy based auction house or any of that.This was a project that ran out of cash and needed more to be completed from a group of indipendent developers.If they do manage to get this game runnning well and make it more feudal and not futile, with a strong player base, centralized economoy, multiple town continents, capable of supporting any serious full scale size of feudal society , with wars, trading, and what not, oh and lets not forget a dedicated server so you can actually use the multiplayer aspect of the game, then they will need to make it a free-to-play title.. cause everything takes FOREVER TO DO!Seriously...at least 1000 players on a server is a MMO title, any less is your friends across the street logging into your primitve♥♥♥♥♥♥hut to make you feel better cause you wasted $40.00 when you could have went to his house and played some ""New Title"" on the ol sex-box and bought a bag of kush for the weekend.This game needs an investor before it should have been released on Steam.♥♥♥♥ing Horrible"
76561198060655862,Not Recommended,290080,13821510,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,[PLAGUE]Daedalus,"Fun, but horrible controls. Got to play it for a bit, then my damned game zoomed in and it's now unplayable. BEST 40 DOLLARS EVER. TOTALLY."
76561198026481765,Not Recommended,290080,13973158,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Arkturus,"After buying this game i have found it quite enjoyable, but i still feel the game is far to basic to be placing this sort of price tag onto it, like many other indie games, these devs beieve their game is worth £15+ when its in its basic foundation of development, sorry sir but people begrudge paying so much for a half broken game from a reputable company, dont take the Cake!Other than that the game does seem to be gaining some headway with its direction of development and hopefully in time it will become a viable and fun game to play."
,Not Recommended,290080,13976452,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,ScrappyJ,"This is definitely one of those early access games you should wait until it is released before you purchase. The game is riddled with bugs, showstopping bugs. More than other early access titles I have tried. For a while it would not close when you exited it (hence 34.9 hours), also you couldn't join another game without quiting. It does crash, but not frequently, but I also have not played it alot either.There are simple things which they could have focused on that would have seriously improved the experience, which I can excuse in an alpha, but not something released, early access or not. For example, the server browser and the UI were not coded well so you had to wait a while before the UI was responsive. Note that there is a leveling system that is PER SERVER. They also don't have a way to show you servers that you have characters on either. So if you knew the server you had to wait for all of them to load, and if you didn't, well there is no way to know what server your character is on.Right now, I can't play more than 5 minutes without running into an invisible wall in an open field that prevents me from going anywhere or doing anything.The current price is a joke."
76561198057430623,Not Recommended,290080,13985751,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Scruffy,"I bought this game after playing other simulation, sandbox survival games like Rust and Minecraft. I enjoyed the idea that I could build villages and castles, erect palisades and terraform the world to my fitting. What I didn't expect was the god awful mechanics and overall bad design. First thoguh, I'll highlight the few good points this game has.Good:- The hierarchial skill tree. its something different, and it would make sense that I need a high forestry and logging level before I can move onto carpentry.-The crafting system. You can look up what you need, and gather the necessary materials, building better and better tools as you progress.-THe community. For an alpha game, this has a very strong and friendly community. Joining a guild or gathering a group of friends increases the fun you can have expontentially, and creates a genuine village setting in-game.Now for the bad:-The waiting. This game is built almost entirely around the concept of waiting for other things to happen. Every concievable action or movement triggers a progress bar to appear in the middle of the screen, and you have to sit there and do literally nothing for anywhere from 5 to 20 seconds while it finshes the action. You have to wait while you gather plant fiber. You have to wait while you snap off a tree branch. You have to wait while you EQUIP A SHOVEL for christs sake. I understand that performing resource gathering and farming or building takes time, but making the player just sit there and stare at there screen while a progress bar fills is not the way to do it.- Improving skills. I suggest you find one good server and stay there, because everytime you join a new server you hve to make a new character. This means reassigning skill points to all the different areas (Resource gathering, basic physical abilities, cobat, etc.) It also means that you will spend the first hour and a half in this new server grinding trying to level up your basic skills just so can actually get around to building or farming or mining. Each server admin controls what speed you learn skills at, so unless they've cranked up the learning curve to 200%, enjoy wasting a good chunk of time just to prepare your character to prepare playing.-Playing solo vs. Teamwork. This is a major compnent of the game. The game itself is called ""Life is Feudal: YOUR OWN"". Playing this game with a group of friends makes this game about 100% more fun, but more importantly, it makes it 500% easier. The idea is that each person should a special role (blacksmith, carpenter, farmer, etc.) so that you can work together to build your world without everyone having to worry about prodcing their own food or tools. However, this means that if you try to go your own way, you better be prepared to grind for a good ten hours so that you can barely cover your food, resources and tools needs. I get that the game is meant to be played with others, but it shouldn't sacrifice the enjoyment from playing alone. There isn't even a single player option, unless you start your own server and make it private, which can take anothe 30 minutes.Overall, this game has huge potential, but is ruined by the insane grind and need for others to help you to actual progress. Hopefully the MMO they are making will address this, but as far as I'm concerned, the money I payed for this game was flushed down the toilet."
,Not Recommended,290080,13976092,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Zylonis,"I have played this game for a little while now, and while it is fun I still have to say hold off on purchasing. The asking price of forty dollars is way to steep for an early access alpha title. This game still has way too many bugs and server issues to justify the pricetag.Errors that make the game unenjoyable range from ridiculous load times, minor graphical glitches, and the inablility to log out of the game. Forty dollars is way to steep. With some more polish though this game will be a must have for crafting/ survival game nuts, but wait for the price to go down, or for the developers to fix the bigger issues before purchasing.I would like to add as well that this game will be good. It just needs some more time. So to the developers - please finish this game and dont steal our money!!!"
76561197991860888,Not Recommended,290080,14096272,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Highstakes,ResidentSleeper
76561198115608229,Not Recommended,290080,20324282,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,The Mighty Pleb,GTX 970i7 4790k8 GB RAMPlaying this on lowest settings at 17 fps....what even...its got a good premise and all but this is the worst optimized game ive ever played
76561198049124143,Not Recommended,290080,13793614,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Hahncore,"Well, for the whole 10 mins I was actually able to play this game it was very laggy and not smooth at all. After I left that server to join a less populated server, I wasnt able to join. Now I cant join any server. It just continues to say ""waiting for server"". This includes manually joining a friends sever using the command. I am also not able to find no help on forums."
76561198118517034,Not Recommended,290080,14014356,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,d.dias.lopes,game wold be fun with out all the crapy server that lag all the time and crash alot olso alot of the admins abuse the pouwer and treatened peppol with bans with no good reason and player comonety not frendely for bad english speacking peppol alot of racist gowing on
,Recommended,290080,21058011,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,sad,"6/10Not bad but not good enough as I expected, well it's Early Access.I wait further more updates and improvements and consider to buy.Sry I had to Refund."
76561197999946763,Not Recommended,290080,18633032,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Trenix,"Review Score: 3/10Tried this game in very early access and it was unplayable so I avoided purchasing it. After watching its progression, I decided to get it. However I’m a bit disappointed with the purchase. The game really does feel like it was a way of testing the game for the MMO version as most negative reviews state. The game itself is a great idea, which is basically a realistic medieval sandbox survival crafting game. Yet there are things hurt the Life is Feudal: Your Own version and also still make it seem like its early access. How the developers handle it, will determine the games overall success. I see potential, but with all the issues I simply cannot recommend it.Pros- Developers actually followed their roadmap.- Both the graphics and the environment are beautiful.- Game offers unique ideas and systems, making it stand out from the rest.- Game has a heavy grind with noticeable progression.Cons- When playing on a public server, you’re forced to play daily with long hours. If you’re not playing a public server, you don’t experience the full game and miss out on the features which stop you from losing interest in the game. On a public server you need to keep your monument up, watch your crops before they die, and if you play on a server with judgement hour, you need to defend your base. If one person falls behind on their chorus, it impacts everyone. It feels like I sold my soul to the devil or am paying a monthly subscription.Just the pressure makes you want to quit. The developers should find ways to remedy this issue. Time and days will fly by quickly and you will separate yourself from reality and family. It’s scary and I much rather invest my time and effort in things that actually matter in life. Unless things change, I might abandon this game all together.- The terraforming feature is not as fun as it seems. It requires real life days to get the layout that you want. It doesn’t matter what settings you have, it’s just way too slow. Makes you appreciate games like Don’t Starve and Haven & Hearth which don’t include terraforming whatsoever.- Optimization doesn’t seem like it exists. I can’t tell for sure what’s causing this absurd lag spike that lingers for minutes and keeps coming back continuously. Developers said it was the server but no one else on the server is experiencing the same issue and nor is my older computer which has worse specs and is using the exact same internet I have. It could be the game, the server, or my computer. What I do know is that I’m having difficulty playing a game that lags so badly even though I have recommended specs.- Game is not polished and doesn't feel finished. I'd personally call this an early access game which is not even worth the price tag.- The game has numerous of bugs and glitches. Some of these type of issues may make you question if you should even continue playing the game.- The combat is not balanced at all and needs some serious improvements and additional features for it to be considered functional. Combat is based around exploits currently not skill, making it simply not fun. Imaging working hours and hours for your things only to have some player who logins during judgement hour, exploit the game to get the upper hand of combat, and then stealing your stuff. Thought combat was going to be much more strategic in this game, I was wrong.- Survival in this game is just too easy, making it feel non-existent. I wouldn't call this a survival game.- Servers are capped to 64 players by the developers not the hosts. This drastically hurts your experiences because even with a full server, you will hardly find anyone. Also server get full frequently, which prevents you from playing. Unlike other games, you can’t just join another server because all of your progression is on that server that’s full.- Mods aren’t officially supported. We’re dealing with private servers, mods should be expected."
76561197999784206,Not Recommended,290080,35504577,Posted: 5 October,all,Martyn,Miserable.
,Not Recommended,290080,12165233,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,[GSD]Slithers,"This is the most awful game I've ever played in my life besides Mortal Online. It seems now companies think merely making a small map, and using autotree to populate it makes a game. This is more like pre alpha.The combat is just sad. You swing and swing and even though your axe connects on screen it wooshes away as a miss. I literally swung at a guy with my friend for twenty minutes as he went about his business, even standing still sometimes and it would be miss after miss. After he jumped in the water and dove under where he cannot be hit, and never runs out of air.Ah, but combat is not why some of you came here. Some of you came so you can do chores online. Well, this game is for you. You can do chores to your hearts content. If you want to stand around chopping at trees for hours and hauling logs around this game is for you. Want to build something in a small empty world? Go on ahead! After all, we don't need to develop games anymore. All we need is a map, autotree, and the game is made. You build the game for the developers, how does that sound?"
,Not Recommended,290080,15162293,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Cell,"Day 1:- Watched some YouTubers, and they looked like they were having fun- Bought the game- Launched and crashed multiple times while trying to adjust the resolution. Whatever, I survived- Started a new world- ... 10 minute later ...- Luckily I'd watched some YouTube videos, managed to make some tools and fiddle around. It was goodDay 2:- Decided to set up my own server because I wanted to save some of the loading time if my game should crash, and I really wanted to speed up the progression- ... 45 minutes later ...- Yay! In-game, and back to where I was in no time.- Tried and tried to find flint. No rocks anywhere.- Found flint, built basic tools. Awesome.- Hammers are probably useful right? I need rocks. To get rocks, I need to dig, right?- Move dirt around for 10 mins. Yay, I can dig. I got rocks!- Made my first hammer. It's useless.- I can build a furnace now, wonder what that does. It needs Clay and Water to build- Find Clay vein close to home, collect that- Walk across the map for water (should have tried to find stone closer to water)- Found my first apple tree along the way, and ate 20 apples in one sitting. Full health again!- Bring water home, and complete Furnace.- Can't use it.- ~2 hours of gameplay in now, and I have no idea what to work on. I guess I need to get my skills up?This was on at least 10x skill progression. I thought I'd enjoy ""figuring out"" peices of the game on my own, but it was just too much. You really need to play the game beside the wiki, and that wasn't what I was looking for. Also: apples are OP, and night is never-ending."
76561198023305229,Not Recommended,290080,13623785,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,۞∃иAɔʁ∀۞,"Life is feudal is a game with plenty of potential going for it except for the fact that the progression element feels tediously slow and boring. You would have to endure hours upon hours of time taking part in virtual chores, which involve a lot of waiting around for progression bars which themselves feel like a chore before you have anything worth showing for it. By this time, you could have accomplished and achived something even more worth while in real life. If you're the type of person that's easilly amused or enjoys a good grindfest then you might actually enjoy this game. If like me though, your mind requires much more stimulation and all that choring gets boring, then this loading bar simulator is probably worth a miss."
76561197997139212,Not Recommended,290080,12164919,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,parens(),"Interesting game that needs more polish.* Needs a tutorial system to ease people into the game    * Botting up a server in a separate process that has a log window isn't all that useful. Just write the log to disk, we the customer do not need to see that.  * Crashed my computer once (blue screen) the only program to do that in over a year.  * Cannot do much with a starting skillset and raising the skills at the default setting will take hours to be able to build structures. * Voxel games are meant for building and creativity, yet this game begins without the ability to build anything of signficance (e.g. a campfire and a few crude tools)."
,Not Recommended,290080,12172235,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Cornelious,"Holy darn.So I opened the game and first went into Options < Controls to set up my preferred key bindings.I bound interact with item with left mouse click.Now, I can't click any of the menu buttons.  For example, if I click "" Join Game "" nothing happens.  If I click the close program on the top right, nothing happens.  Now, the only way I can even CLOSE the game is with task manager.So I deleted all local content and reinstalled the game... and have the same problem.  Great game..."
,Not Recommended,290080,16225312,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Y23Y,"This game looked really cool, but then I started playing and there is one edtremely harsh flaw. No tutorial. Yes, I know it is an early access game, but tutorials are the basics, they should always be made before putting the game out into public, even if it is an early access. I recommend it, but not very much, just buy at your own will.Update: I change my mind. This game is unplayable. They have somewhat of a tutorial, but it doesn't do♥♥♥♥♥♥to help you. I watched the video before I got this game. It looks absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. I will be able to do all that stuff. WRONG!!!! If the developers could put as much time and effort into making the game as they did making the video, I wouldn't be writing this review. I cannot say anything else except that this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing dumb. In the way that it is sooooo godamn far from being finished. Dont buy this game until it is either halfway complete or done. Otherwise, you'll have more fun reading the loading screen than playing."
76561198090721946,Not Recommended,290080,12169145,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Magners,"its like rust. just worser. on the +side no hackers and guns.on the negative, no single player or ai."
76561198005817182,Recommended,290080,12320603,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,[TGB] Evil FLiNT,"I have to say this game has me hooked. It's Alpha ... I crash perhaps 2 - 5 times in a 6-8 hour gaming period. The server probably crashes twice during that period as well ... people can easily grief and steal ... I have spent probably 20+ hours digging in the earth ... fighting is hard and clunky ... the interface is a bit non intuitive ... but I am loving every minute of it!When this game is finished it will be an amazing thing.With servers of different degrees in the MMO version I can see this game being hugely popular, as it will be able to cater to the Hack Hack Slash Slash junkies with a speed mode build etc... as well as a normal mode for those of us who like to struggle to build something we can be proud of!Currently I am on day 5 of Terraforming up a spot with a few friends ... we have 0 structures - beyond a few crafting ones - and it will probably be another 5 before we start! And I just can't get enough."
,Not Recommended,290080,13601382,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,^0[W^3K^1S]_Hitokiri Battōsai,"this game has a lot of potential, but it is NOT ready to be sold"
76561198048161334,Recommended,290080,14986464,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,mrgreen9705,Dug a hole soo deep to the point where my friends had to come dig me out. 10/10 Would get stuck in a hole again.
76561198103517341,Recommended,290080,16247565,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,...,The best Game in the world for play with your friend. \o/\o/\o/\o/\o/
76561198018658992,Not Recommended,290080,12188232,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,ATARI,"###early access review 22.09.2014 (european ;))###4/10While I love the concept and the visuals, i do not recommend this game for anyone who saw the ""single player"" tag. There is no single player. its like playing minecraft on a server alone only with less to do. More RPG elements for single player and im good."
,Not Recommended,290080,12825489,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,123,"Be Aware!!you are not paying for the devlopment of this game.insted they are using the money made from this to create an MMO that will be pay to play based on the gameplay from this.basicly you are testing and ironing out bugs so the MMO will be launched near perfect with little or no cost to the devlopers, those that have pointed this out on the companys forums have been deleted.as far as this ""game"" goes, it remains to be known what will happen at the launch of the MMO (btw you get 1 free chr for buying this, thats right, only 1!) but my guess is this will be pulled.this is not a direct flame at the compnany involved, but i wish i had known this before buying.guess i should have reaserched it first.This Statement was written bygatt001I agree 100%, do not buy this game, I have already requested a refund, I would recommaned everyone to do the same!"
76561198054222800,Recommended,290080,12201668,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,MikeTheLittleSerf CSGOGEM.com,"Finally, my dreams have come true i thought this game were never going to be made. But now it has finally released... I totally recommending this game! 5/5"
76561197984503913,Not Recommended,290080,12395623,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,SKINZ,"I will get to a review down the line but just want to say in 8 years on steam i have never been permantly banned from a forum for saying the work♥♥♥♥♥♥ lol yes♥♥♥♥♥♥... The mod of the forums for this game is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and he prob sucks his own &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; or tries to anyway,♥♥♥♥♥♥ Anyways review comming soon.....Edit....Game is poorly optimised and runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ while there is some content most of it is locked or unavailable, combat is rubbish if you do manage to find some to fight or craft a weapon, constant crashing, bad fps, devs dont listen to any feedback, using your money to fund a MMO and this will prob be left in the dirt, 25 pound for an EA in this state is a scam, ""oh we will give you in game money for our MMO if you buy this"" errr no i just want to play this game not fund your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ MMO, save your money or come back in 5 years, oh and the moderator on the forums is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Watch this review get removed like the rest of the negative reviews.Overall 3/10"
,Not Recommended,290080,13261470,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,SycB,"The game is difficult to get a hang of. The loading time to even play can exceed twenty minutes easily. I would not recommend this game until it enters Beta or even Release stages. I bought in expecting a smoother Alpha experience, but I should have guessed it is terrible in its current state. This game easily will be worth it in time, but give it just that, time. Don't purchase this yet."
76561198126549716,Recommended,290080,19470388,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Skjalgrim,"So far heres my review with life is feudal.Pro's: with an economics based game and pvp as a small entering factor which isnt bad but there are more cons than there are pro's but that doesnt make the game bad just needs a good balance.for instance.Cons:players shouldnt be punished for having to re gain their skills once they gained hat skill number up already after each death after a batle. really ludacris and self defeating and really staggering. like in world of warcraft if you gain a proffession that you increase you increase it by putting more into that and when you get killed your not fualted or have to re learn your proffession skill for that one specific thing. i enjoy new ideas and concepts but only when they work properly and not at fualt by lagging means. also, the frame rate lag ona  horse needs a bit tuneing and needs to keep up wih frame rate, you will get ♥♥♥♥ed by things on land ort he land its self because of oo many trees you cant dodge because of horse riding lag. off horse is fine.another con would be skills shouldnt have to accodate with one another, if you need 60 of one thing but need 30 of another first, tthat shouldnt even be a tthing.  i can see it makes sense in opposite land but if your gonna have a thing wear you need to have 30 throwing to have or wear leather armor, why not just make the game so you can make and wear armor with out having to accodate another skill just to do that one thing.anotther con is weigh issue and stam issue, your stam bar will run out so many times during running or fighting its becoming un realistic and un timely where anotther would have the advantage on you then you die, also when re spawning your characters body becomes etheral and you can see through the ground through your characters body. if your gonna have a weigh system have it make sense with things your carrying,wearing and pulling with on carts and have each armor have their own weight limit, light, medium or heavy with different speeds acomdating movement's.the combat its self isnt bad, its the exact combatstyle from age of conan exactly. this is an economics based sandbox so everything has o take time to progress which is fine but not when your punished for dieing and having to re get those skills you jusst put in and lose everything after you die again which makes sense but iot does get furating. like extremely. right now im seeing more cons than i am pro's i guess, but this still isnt a bad game, just a work in progress and i crave too many new games to be at its perfect when being made. like for me honestly♥♥♥♥♥♥has to make sense for one thing to work in a way, i know that sounds super ocdish but ona  realistic term or note, no one is going to work on hrowing to wear leather when they can just wear leather armor n put on. also horse combat needs to be a thing, i was riding earlier and hi defualt r to enter combat mode but my guy wasnt able to pull out his sword or anything just fist to block with. i would say ou of 5 a 3.5/5 , no tthat is bad or that is the best, but a work in progress if you give it time and your investment which is what his game requires is time to invest in. also things should also be more trivial and triverse on a personal note. and maybe a few more looks for your character, hings are great now bu more facial hair, just over all looks in general would be nice. doesnt have to be on the stupid levels of aion online but more of an opion for darker or white hair color, or different faces like more faces and facial hair and hair colorrs and body scars or body war paints n such, and  banners o accodate peoples fortresses n such maybe some war flag's?. again im not rying to detour people away bu there some hings o consider when playing this game thats all"
,Not Recommended,290080,13263206,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,AveChill77,Way to early and way too many bugs to recommend right now.  Crashes way to much even for a game in its ealry stage. You will get constantly kicked out of servers.
76561198012336820,Not Recommended,290080,12751539,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Mortii,After 72 hours in this game  i feel very disapointing .More grafic buggs than before thanks too the latest patch & it takes 5 turns to reach one skill point  after in any skill after 90.  5 Hr for just one points.... Its has an nice game idea indeed but it takes forever to  rank in the skilltree .So dont buy this before its completed. Its need  more work.
,Not Recommended,290080,13010325,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,tharealsmokie,this game is garbage dont buy it save ur money i know i wish i did
,Not Recommended,290080,19147920,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Gawain,Horridly optimized game. Developers are very non-transparent. An interesting concept but it never works out like the screenshots make it look. Just play Mount and Blade.
76561198149652137,Not Recommended,290080,19139748,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,☯  Trigga Fingga ☯,this game is fun i will give it that but the Grind is so Real i played 200hr with 15 mates and still didnt finish our town and it was on a high exp server.good for ppl with no life :)
76561198001917685,Not Recommended,290080,19811428,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Sunrayn,"I struggled with the 'No' recommendation even with nearly 400 hrs of playtime.  This could be a great game but, at this point, it is a mediocre game.  Still in an alpha stage, even after its 'release', it is still buggy with content that is in the game but doesn't do anything. (sawmills)  LiF is fun, lots of fun, right up until you hit a bug that forces you to log out and restart the game (finished builds reverting to building signs--'only' a graphical glitch but still a game-stopper.  Animal taming is an exercise in patience but mostly just frustrating as you have to chase it around the map until it tires out, which could be a very long time.  Structures break and become unuseable with no warning even with decay off.  Skill trees are a great idea, until you realise you have to learn cooking in order to become a tailor (hint: totally unrelated professions)  Skills should lead naturally to the next like terraforming/prospecting->mining->smelting->forging.  Just one more thing that makes LiF a mediocre game not worth its $40 price tag.  Why do I keep playing?  Because the fun parts are really, really fun.  There is satisfaction in seeing the progression from a simple hut and campfire to a complete village with a metric-ton of different builings.  It's just that LiF was not ready by any stretch of the imagination to jump from alpha to release."
,Not Recommended,290080,14352976,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,stonemage,"Just wait for the MMO. This isn't a bad game. Its just not going to ever reach its full potential like the mmo will. So buy this only if you want to spend 100's of hours cigging and picking grass, only to have everything you've done wiped when the server goes down or update requires a wipe. Also it seems the devs are focusing on the MMO and not this version."
,Not Recommended,290080,12715585,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,✪ DG-Hero,This game is awful. If you have $40 to waste have at it.
,Recommended,290080,19155837,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Lange,sihk
76561198026142710,Recommended,290080,19552570,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Daba,Good game
76561198126992082,Not Recommended,290080,15470490,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,atelescope,"Highly not recommended. Takes 10 minutes to login to the game every single time and the gameplay is really unenjoyable, well at least for me. The interface is not very user friendly. It is unclear and I have totally no idea what is going on unless keep reading walkthroughs. Perhap it is early access so the hover help instructions and tutorials are lacking. This makes the learning curve very high. Also, the interface is not very sensitive to mouse clicks, like it takes 3-4 times to detect a right click for inventory items. Also, the time wait for each action is very annoying. Like every time I take a branch or gather a rock, it takes 5 seconds to do. This is making the game awfully long to just do a tiny bit of thing. I would suggest a more user friendly and attractive interface, eliminate time wait on actions (or shorten it to 1 sec) and including clear instructions and help in the game. Perhaps it is my problem, I have never got a $40 game that I just totally give up after 2 hours because of playability."
76561198071160202,Not Recommended,290080,15967783,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,frankoo98,the idea of this game seems very interesting but once you play it it is extremely complicated and takes about an hour just to make an axe. i do not recommend this game for £25. i think it is a waste of time and money.
,Recommended,290080,16212262,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Freebird,"Have you always wondered what it would be like to be a dwarf, constantly digging? Play this game.Want to grind harder than a Korean in an MMO? Play this game.Are you the worst humanity has to offer? If yes, play this game.10/10 - Would grind and be murdered again."
76561198045687087,Not Recommended,290080,16217621,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,MetDragon,do not get this game right now.. wait a few months... and make sure you have a big monitor/screen.. I tried.. and not even after 30 minutes.. I relized I made a mistake
76561197994554776,Not Recommended,290080,20654796,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Bushwacker,"how long has this game been available to steam customers? In all that time they still have not managed to get this game stable enough. If its not servers lagging, crashing its client side crashes. This game does have potential dont get me wrong! They just need to fix the crap that frustrates people to the point they dont want to play it and move on to other games of simular type as there are MANY out there!!!!"
76561198107073106,Not Recommended,290080,12190948,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,ICE Immigration Agent,"First off, alpha is alphaThe concept is there however this needs a lot and I mean a lot of work.It is a medieval grinding sandbox game with creative/survival elements.The current system of clicking and menu along with HUD is pretty dreadful. I constantly have to press tab to release myself back to point click mode and select.The 20 second wait to switch from a pickaxe to a shovel is a little frustrating...On the note with tools, if I was digging with my shovel then switch to my pickaxe to terra a tunnel why can i not dump the soil i collected?? Why must i select my shovel to dump soil out of my inventory?? MeaninglessWill update later though I cannot recommend for $40"
,Not Recommended,290080,14375303,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,very nise persin [GD],Couldn't spawn in any server. Tried changing my resolution and now it is zoomed in too much so i cant change it back. I wish i could play it.
76561197974026700,Not Recommended,290080,14224541,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Yusho,"Nice concept but it takes ages to build something and the combat system is a jokeAfter all it is still alpha and a lot can change, it still has potential."
76561198254211682,Not Recommended,290080,19426166,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,moultonjohn,"The dumbest, most idiotic, moronic server system I have ever suffered though, for the most interesting, addictive and compelling game I know. Every character will require at least 30 hours of play to to level, but good luck finding a server that stays up that long. What ends up happening is you repeditively dig in the dirt for a week or two and then just before your ready to do some really cool stuff...POOF the guy who's server your on desides he wants to play Fallout instead.The brillance of the design team is matched only by its total failer to take responsibilty for the games most important link. Namely the one that allows you to play it. Even their ""Official servers"" go down for months. Its as if they don't want you to play any length of time on any one server. Bottom line...an incredible game hamstrung by an comicially stupid server system. Wait for the MMO (though I do not believe these imbicles will have a clue as to how to run a server when the time comes.)"
76561198035994405,Recommended,290080,19683581,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Black Swan,"I'v had the time of my life playing this game . A bit hard to learn the game at first but its all worth it at the end . This lets say is RoK on steroids , so much to do in it that you can play for hours and never get bored. I recomend this game to anyone that loves the medieval stlye of games with survival , building , teraforming etc. Playing this game you never know who you going to run into :) In my case ... well check it out your self .Watch My Stream Series on Life Is Feudal , Enjoy .https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4O4SQoG9wYThank You From BlackSwanGaming"
,Not Recommended,290080,16724102,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,GenKo,"I will never get a product from Bitbox Ltd. again.  4 hours total play...3 hours stuck at the menu, and 1 hour of actual gameplay and they/steam refuse to give me a refund.  Game crashes, fps drops, and other problems for $40 bucks.  No thanks.  I figured that Steam would support someone who has thrown a lot of money into games and offer me a refund the 1 and only time I have ever asked for one.  Wasted of money, and extreme lack of care from money hungry fools."
76561198028342983,Not Recommended,290080,21649029,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Ktzzho Zeth_UDSR,I expected something like mount & blade... but... i'm just disappointed.
76561198026641948,Not Recommended,290080,21636051,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Uncle_Sam,Still unplayable after all this time.
76561198000437435,Recommended,290080,16288781,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,userba2579,Great if you like the era and like Skyrim. Personaly love it...
,Not Recommended,290080,14956962,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,SickTag,"Everything takes hours and hours to do.  A little frustrating.  Great game if you have hundreds of hours to invest on someone's server which may or not be there in the future, leaving you to restart several times.I would recommend waiting for this game to be finished.  They might add MMO fees on top of playing.  Also the world is kind of small in my opinion."
76561198074720971,Not Recommended,290080,21979232,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,cranium1,A useless grindfest.
,Not Recommended,290080,12256310,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,rape,worst game ive played in my whole life the developers should commit suicide
,Not Recommended,290080,12483612,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,O'Reilly,"Unfortunately even though I'm really excited to play this, and it looks great from a ton of videos online, I can't recommend it because my i7 2.6GHz Macbook Pro Retina with a 2gb nVidia 750m graphics card and 16gb of DDR5 RAM can't run the game smootly in the slightest.Rust is far superior coding at this point, so I'm sticking to it."
76561197966471751,Not Recommended,290080,12588908,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Deathcon62,"Do not buy this game, so bad. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197992290031,Not Recommended,290080,12823507,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,jblue21,"I totally recognize what they are aiming for with this game.  I love the idea of the truely open sandbox experience building together, etc.As of writing, it's so unstable it's impossible to give an honest experience of the game.  It's choppy, it's slow, it's clunky, it's hard to say buy this.  I'm hoping it pays off later on down the road.  But as of right now, don't...."
76561198073032920,Not Recommended,290080,12592303,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,timmyboyox,"The game is ok. The lag, however, is unbearable. I play and continue to play because of the great group of people that are as helpful as ever - so why not? But seriously, you guys need to curb this lag down, a lot. it would be the only reason people wont play this game much - i cant ever get up wooden stairs to the top of a castle wall in under 5 minutes, literally taking ages to get up them. I am on a good MAC and run other games which are graphically demanding on high settings. The loadtime is not a bother, its loading, so what? Playing it with the lag however is the only setback so far as I can see - get it fixed."
76561197986960628,Not Recommended,290080,12629657,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,-= H2s =- Neocilip,Unless you want to pour absolute hours of your spare time to get hardly anywhere in this game i would not recommend itnot that i've poured hours into this gamewhat i did was gather a ton of materialslevel out some land for the first housefind out i need to spend a ton more time leveling up another skill before i can place said house/ragequitthough im looking forward to the full games release once they've balanced everything and even the MMO they're working on
76561198020301364,Not Recommended,290080,13724765,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Dance Commander,"Don't be fooled, this is NOTHING like mount and blade, it's minecraft with a medieval skin and terrible combat"
76561198065223916,Not Recommended,290080,22158359,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Zanlam,Dissapointed
76561198074325208,Recommended,290080,23557295,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Spaz,"I would highly reccomend this game who finds time based accoplishments satisfying. this game is not for the player who wants to server hop and try and pvp, thouse types of players are commonly banned from servers."
76561198080299828,Not Recommended,290080,17522577,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,ivy,almost a year after release and still isnt finished way to pricey for incompletion
76561197998053931,Not Recommended,290080,28203036,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Dalmon,"Looking forward to seeing the mmo if it actually comes out. The game is WAY too time consuming and some of the things they have in game make you straight up not want to play. Why with all the struggle in the game already and the upkeep required would you add the recipes or whatever the hell they are to be able to make armor now? What the ....  is the point in even adding that crap? Not to mention the stupid rules of all the servers until the mmo comes out. Alt combat controls are a + since I hopped back on. Though there are a lot of cool aspects to the game and I enjoy playing, at this time, without seeing how the mmo is or if its even going to release, I would NOT recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,290080,16452144,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Kyros,Looks horrific. Absolutely unintuitive. Basic features are still not implemented. Don't even bother.
76561197981960923,Not Recommended,290080,22486862,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,leehype,"Excessive realisim...Take a look at that vedio right quick, you see how nifty it looks digging those trenches and such?  That takes hours.  You have to keep digging the same spot over and over, and each time takes alot of time to do.  just like in real life.  To build anything close to what is represented in the preview for this game would take months.Oh, and after you build something, and you walk away to get more mats to build something else, it despawns.  Thats hours of my life wasted on a camp fire...Pre Alfa, don't buy.Combat is very clunky.  ""Original combat system"" is quite right, it's very ""original"" if this is the end product, but not a good version of original by any view.Everything takes excessive amounts of time to make, and then despawns on you.When it despawns, it doens't vanish, it changes into it's pre built state, and you can't get rid of it, so that spot is no longer useable for building (see teraforming)The teraforming takes hours or days to get what you hope for.  You remove soil an inch at a time.  After 3 inches or so, your over burdened and need to dump it somewhere walking slowly due to being overburdened.  Raising levels is the same issue.Oh, and when lowering levels, it takes some from the neiboring blocks due to it pouring in the sides (I assume anyway, pour out dirt on the side of a hill, it will spawn at the bottom of the hill.)MMO...  So people can work together and build things together.  I imagin this is the idea, 10 people go to gather everything all at once, then come together to make a town.  Great idea...  Reality is, 10 people start trying to build a place, 1 guy gets bored, and kills everyone.  Suprisingly, that takes just as long as the crafting due to the combat system.AND MANY MORE!!!  Crafting fails due to you not being in the correct spot, but it doesn't stop you from trying!!!  You just spent a few moments trying to dig that hole for nothing.  No error message, no suggestion, not even a message to tell you it failed, just no result.Perhaps this will turn into something better, but as is, this is a complete waste of money.  This is not worth paying for."
,Not Recommended,290080,22439467,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Azazil,"Game was unplayable for me with r9 270x and fx8320. Constantly crashed after a minute or two and during those two minutes it would work great and then Id get a couple second freeze and eventually a crash. Wouldnt recommend it and considering the game is near release , this problem seems to be a major engine problem. For reference I can run arma 3 with 45fps"
76561198121096398,Recommended,290080,25688276,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Salamanderson,Terraforming Simulator 20167/10 would flatten dirt again
76561197993512067,Recommended,290080,12416506,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Bigpapa,"Amazing concept, some bugs but nothing too serious. I cant wait until animals are implemented fully and buildings have actual functions, would love to see capability to build underground implimented, to allow for houses built underground, however some realistic portions would be cool, like using stone/wood to reinforce the walls and pillars to hold up the roof of the created cave."
,Recommended,290080,12419551,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,LinkPop,"No Zombies, No Boners. Only Awesomeness"
,Not Recommended,290080,12466193,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,RutyShacklford,Cannot Start the game at all. Crashes upon joining of every server.
,Not Recommended,290080,12502880,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Artcue,"really bad interface, can't save the painfully slow progress!"
76561198023690281,Recommended,290080,13883958,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Kolljak,Game is Great but beware its hard to find a good server with an good admins. you either get minecraft type server admins who abuse spawn and or dont punish people they like for violations or your admins who just dont care... its really rare to find good server. bottom line game is like DayZ almost raiders everywhere no real good admins.
76561198052981982,Not Recommended,290080,15008119,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,mauro_rubens_2000,"My first hours with this game looked really promissing, because when I bought it, I didn't realise it was an online game, as it wasn't clear back then, and I am not a Online games fan. But whithin couple days I gave up about this game because I just couldn't get connect to my very own server. Maybe I'm going things wrong but I am no longer playing this game, because I just can not log at any server at all. So I'll give this game a time and just wait for while.So, in my opinion, the game costs too much for you not  play it, and its not very clear this is an online game only and there isn't a stand alone option in it, and I am very frustrated. At this time I do not recommend it. In fact I uninstalled it from my PC and my PC is way up its recommended specs.Say:32 GB RAM Mem.Intel i7 and Up to 1.25 TB and4 GB video Card... and I was using this one as server."
,Not Recommended,290080,15691059,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Sovtek,"do NOT buy. Simple as that.This title is highly unpolished, full of problems, boring, and plagued by exploits and hacks. The amount of time you will waste simply trying to figure out basic concepts is a testament to how poorly made this game is. It's not 'hard', it's simply time consuming, poorly designed, and excruciatingly boring and slow.If you enjoy fumbling around without direction and wasting countless hours trying to simply determine WTF you can do - go for it.But really, it should be called ""Life is Feudal: What else could go wrong?""So: Where can I get my money back?! Please?!"
76561198018865082,Recommended,290080,16211989,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Goarin,great game. can't wait for LiF: MMO
76561198059650402,Not Recommended,290080,12506520,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,m.robinson1367,"Well you can't log in.  LiF is still running every time I try to log in.  When it does let you log in, it takes 5 to 10 min to actually get in.  Not to mention that the server is very laggy, and boots me from server often.  Save the 40 Bucks and get a game with better upkeep!!!!"
76561198086574414,Recommended,290080,16210218,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Jon Thor,Fix the Tab Button. I don't like pressing Tab while holding shift all the time. Make Tab Permanent. Else you have to keep pressing Tab all the time when you do anything...
,Not Recommended,290080,16465236,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,BlackJesus,Not exactly as awesome as in the intro movie on the sales page.
76561197983492527,Not Recommended,290080,32085934,Posted: 31 May,all,Tigerlily,Dev team let the game die to go off and make an MMO of the same game and resell it -_-
76561198057521157,Not Recommended,290080,12486334,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,bloodskulls,when i try to create a singleplayer world it says local server can not be accessed plus the console thing that runs the programs stops working plz fix it
,Not Recommended,290080,12501002,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Snisga,"Very expensive, very boring, you play this game by simulating work, WTF!"
,Not Recommended,290080,19178419,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,tizzel,"DONT BUY ! It will never ""finish"" some russians made some money and were just getting some more by telling you its ""finished"" it is not at all. Buildings arent working and not close to the promised features. If you can even lay the Game without a crash. Screw them."
76561197969125110,Not Recommended,290080,13009607,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,[KING]Osama Bin Laden,"This game had a wonderful premise ... based on what the devs said pre-launch; however, in the current state of things, I cannot endorse this ""Early Acess"" product and cannot in good conscience recommend anyone to spend money to support this business practice.Life is Feudal: Your Own was supposed to be a stand-alone game and separate from their MMO project. Great.But that changed when the developers started mentioning that they will use the funds raised from Life is Feudal: YO to fund their MMO project.Hmm... sounds like they are over reaching at this point because the development of the standalone is excruciatingly slow at best with no MAJOR features or updates to date.Devs: MMOs are expensive to develop, as I am sure you know. At least finish the standalone development first (To an acceptable level at the very least), then use what you learn to finish the MMO or you will end up in the graveyard of countless ""MMOs/Games that had promise but never got off the ground""Please take heed or you will be left with nothing to your legacy  aside from an incomplete game and fade pipedream MMOAnd remember, I am a customer, not an enemy. A customer who has vested interest in the success of this project as evidenced by my financial contribution in purchasing of this early access game at launch.Arrogance, pride, and stubbornness has been the downfall of many game developers who were unwilling to accept or hear criticism from their customer base. Please do not become like the many failed startups and keep an ear open to us, your customers.Thank you."
76561198040889480,Not Recommended,290080,16213805,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,BigPoppaFitz,"DO NOT BUY. In its current state it is a complete waste of time and money. It takes 10-15 minutes just to load up a world and join a server. There is absolutely zero point in playing. The developers show off a bunch of cool tools in the preview videos but really, each map is just an endless sea of trees with people aimlessly wandering around, flooding the chat log with questions about why none of the  features work. The control scheme is wonky as hell. Every time you perform an action, you have to TAB back into the HUD so you can move around (if not your cursor just moves around on the screen). What a waste of time and money. Yes I know it says I haven't put in much time but I have no patience for rubbish like this. I feel ripped off."
76561198077253923,Not Recommended,290080,20431133,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,BigWilly,"Before I can recommend this fix your god damn crafting machenic, its so weird, just make a menu for it like minecraft."
76561197982552570,Recommended,290080,19634062,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Kuwalski,The grind is real but I think what keeps me coming back is the sense of accomplishment after completing something. The community has been awesome also.
,Recommended,290080,32301014,Posted: 9 June,all,:-) champinj0n,oh man i love farming and♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,290080,16921797,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Bart,THIS GAME IS ALPHA... and make sure u know it!!!   i have locked up over 100 times while playing this game!!!!But .. if u got a bunch of friends... and like to watch a green meter bar fill up and clicking your mouse ALOT... then get this game....You put a monument down.. and start a city around it .. and watch over your shoulder for Exploiters... cheaters and hacks.. and Murders.... and build a town!!   Thats it.. oh.. and u build stuff... More than u can imanage!!
,Not Recommended,290080,16361419,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,The Original Don,"This game is total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ its worthless and doesn't have anything good about it, its a waste of money and an insult to the steam library. I would rather play Uriels Chasm than to play this sh*t fest."
,Not Recommended,290080,16747894,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,[NE]Widget,"It's yet another in a long series of construction and semi-survival type games in the vein of minecraft, rust, 7 days to die, etc.   It's quirky draw is that it's medieval themed.It might be nice some day.  However, it's currently horribly, horribly broken.  Save your money.The game often ends up in a state in which you can't exit it without resorting to task manager.  You can hit escape, bring up a menu to exit, click exit and it just returns to title screen.   You click the red X in windowed mode, it brings up the menu.It is slow, loading times are erratic, it often fails in the connecting to a server process leaving you waiting without any indication that it will NOT recover.This is just the first of many, many issues.This is a heavily multiplayer desired game and it lacks a linux server.Will edit if any of this ever gets fixed, right now, the game is an exercise in frustration."
76561197997652363,Not Recommended,290080,16777624,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Kirk Wood,If you want a game that will simulate gathering sticks and leveling dirt for hours this is the game for you. I really enjoy right clicking through a clunky interface to do any actions that take. Save your money this game sucks.
76561198020907839,Not Recommended,290080,16755311,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Weevah,"SOLO GAMEPLAY REVIEWWith an overly simplistic survival mechanic (""hunger""), undeveloped PvE and grindy, deeply interwoven skill tree (progression in one line is impossible without developing several others) this is a particularly unfun solo survival crafting experience."
76561198010310744,Not Recommended,290080,24384892,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Xerios,Umm how is this a finished game?Refunded.....
,Not Recommended,290080,23850151,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,King Arkus,♥♥♥♥♥game... Don't buy it.
76561198135642079,Not Recommended,290080,16488218,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,MurderOfCrows,"The game gave me a head ache because of how long it took to load, level up, get good things and actually play. i have consumed many many advils because of this game. if i die its the developers fault."
76561198076085616,Recommended,290080,21388354,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,LEMON,It fun if ur in to larping and rp
76561198053115936,Not Recommended,290080,29179825,Posted: 11 January,all,murph75,rubbish
,Recommended,290080,16298317,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,[Snipe76],"Here is my review after I played for about a week:Cons:1. The community is very nice to new players and is helping alot by teaching you how to ""survive"" (I tested this on few servers)2. The Basic mechanics are there, It is well build game with much content for alpha.3. I am Just addicted to this game by thinking ""Just a few more minutes, I need to finish this"" and keep on playing for hours. might seem bad for some people but I like it.4. The graphics are Pretty nice for an alpha with a bit performace problems.5. The devs listen to the community and update the game on regular basis.Pros:1. The game is in alpha, you will encounter bugs. They can be simply fixed with the server restart.2. The performance is bad but the graphics are nice.3. It takes hours on hours to get started. but if you like it than its not a bad thing.Conclusion:I vote Positive. I like the game and the developers.I like the community behind this game and I like the players.I suggest to buy this game when you can and try it out for a few days, Join a settlement or a town and just have fun!"
76561198006599805,Not Recommended,290080,21415624,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Jessica Poison96,"This game sucks you end up spending all your time helping your team mates only to never be appriciated.and attacked later by friends for their enjoyment as the're bored and nobody else around for them to kill.The time needed to do ANYTHING is HUGE and Nothing can be done alone so once your team has conqured the enemy they turn on each other.No reward in the game, No end game, Hostile Communites.This game is Just like a JOB.. A JOB that you pay to do.I wish it didn't take so long to do ANYTHING or I would have Got the refund.by THE TIME I FOUND SOMEWHERE to build AS Nothing can be done Alone.. so finding somewhere to build is finding a group then they put you to work for hours and hours then take what you've done and give you a plot to build on that you can't build on since nothing can be done alone. and you need to wait for someone that has the skills to help you signs on then small progress. then oh shoot next helper isn't signed on.All so they can either kill you after wiping out any sort of enemy village that anyone may have started. or you end up with just Nothing to do.. you have a house and thats it done BORING and STUPID game..I want my 40$ back. this is Electronic Arts fun.."
76561197960369970,Not Recommended,290080,16462111,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,✪ Asche 8><,"Oh boy was I wrong in my last review. This game is a whole different level of complete crap compared to the Dead Linger. They aren't comparable you say? You might be right... at least the Dead Linger didn't crash! The last thing I want to do is role play with grains of sand on a beach while I attempt to dig for resources that don't exist. That being said, I did give that a shot and was promptly served with a crash to a gray screen (not even my desktop, took me a while to even find it). Kudos though, when this game crashes, it crashes hard.Seriously need to learn to stop buying early release games, biggest pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ever. Please give me my 80 minutes of my life back. On a positive note though, I have no more anger about Jon Snow getting shafted as I just got shafted much harder."
76561198030962791,Not Recommended,290080,12317285,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Nihil,"Im divided, game is fun but this is no alpha, pre alpha at best... Server crashes all the time, loads of bugs..."
76561198083216622,Not Recommended,290080,22500258,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Dirtysquiryl,"Trying to upgrade the skill (materials preperation). The only thing I can do to level it is build furnaces. Annoyed that I need to  build many furnaces to level it to 20 not just 1? I go to the wiki to find out if theres another way to level the skill. The tips for levelling materials prep.....Training TipsAs a beginner, find area with lots of clay. Then place furnace anywhere near (it doesn't require flattening any tile), gather clay, drop it into the construction window and click ""Build"". You will notice skill going up. Don't actually finish building. Once all 100 clay has been added, right click on the sign, Construction -> Deconstruct and confirm it. Repeat as many time as you need until your skill is high enough.So basically the only way to level materials prep to to exploit. Great skill levelling!"
76561197995364140,Not Recommended,290080,26021897,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Bare Grills,"Don't make the mistake of buying this game under ANY circumstances! Unless you have a group of friends to play with it will ultimately turn into a grind where you can't even accomplish anything on your own since you can't max out all of your skills - that's right you're limited to how many total levels across the various skills you have! Did I mention level progression is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and makes no sense? You can craft bows far sooner than crossbows, yet have to train your♥♥♥♥♥off to learn how to use a bow! That's right, you learn how to use the basic low tier bow AFTER mastering a finely crafted crossbow! How straight up backwards and stupid is that? That is one among A THOUSAND glaring flaws in this game.TL:DR - Don't buy, this game isn't even complete, developers already ditched it for another project, which they then ditched for another project, these guys only want your MONEY!"
76561198067162435,Recommended,290080,30627840,Posted: 19 March,all,RO0ZiE,"Yes it requires a lot of time, but you don't have to play for hours every single day. You can play it for weeks / months with friends and the game becomes awesome. RP is legit in this. Waiting for teh MMO"
76561198037200868,Recommended,290080,15561996,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Bulshito Necrobit,"Good game! Still alpha for sure, but has alot of potential. You can already sink alot of hours in it with its current state. Understanding the interface can be difficult at first. Wiki is your friend!"
,Not Recommended,290080,32390608,Posted: 13 June,all,InertFurry,Cannot reccomend this game with the current myriad of design issues.  No offline protection means you have to be playing 24/7 and skill trees that mean you have to be a farmer in order to simply put a tree into the ground make for unsustainable gameplay.
,Not Recommended,290080,33451707,Posted: 11 July,all,AzViz,They abandoned this completly to sell the MMO. Shady buisness practice.
76561198072493284,Recommended,290080,12173382,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,GameZero,greatest of all great games XD
76561197960612107,Not Recommended,290080,12461690,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Apollo,"Horrible. I tried to change my audio device in order to get the sound away from my monitor to my headset, and the game crashed, and crashed, and crashed. I'm not interressted in another Dayz, do the bloody development, then ask for money, I'm sick of all these ""Alphas"" being sold on steam just so that people can't complain when♥♥♥♥♥♥they spent money on doesn't work, its unethical and too bad, because this game looked like it had promise. Also the FPS was at about 5 when i tried highest graphics on a relativley powerfull GPU. No thanks, never again."
,Recommended,290080,12527015,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Magnus,Awsum gaem. Rly recommend it.
76561198089034503,Not Recommended,290080,12939599,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Emelly,"This game is a full platter of poop.Look at the reviews carefully and you see when they say it's a big waste of time and slow.  They are lying slow is not the right word it's more like wathcing paint dry.Building is slow, moving dirt is slow, mining is a hour long journey on the same spot, graphics are medicore at best.I baught this game because my friend insisted me to get it and I rather enjoy playing online games.  After I got it I played it for about 15 hours maybe less because I could not take the boredom the game offers.  What gets me more upset is the fact that I should have known better but I still baught this piece of poop because I was blinded by the Feudal Theme.This game is probably the number one reason I would never ever try another Beta again unless they are free.  Unfinished games should release betas for free and ask for donations to reward hard work.  The way things are now they make useless waste of time game and get tons of cash for an unfinished product.Beta can go ♥♥♥♥ themselves.  Sorry for cussing but that's the best word to use."
,Not Recommended,290080,13289359,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Shensei,soooooooooooooooo bugged you cant even play..
76561198030027617,Not Recommended,290080,14358876,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,dusty_yost,this game has a horrible learning curve. It took me 3 hours to figure out how to get food. and after many hours i still couldnt figure out how to swing an axe to kill a boar which seems to be rediculously rare. all in all the game is poorly laid out and it is over priced.  Perhaps if it didnt take a life time to figure it out it would be ok. At its current state its not worth 15 dollars let alone 40 something.
76561197994789772,Not Recommended,290080,14950728,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,McBelly,"This game has ALOT of potential. But Loooong loding times and steep price for an erly access. This is not cool. I feel cheatet!And I usually newer get anoyed vhen testing alfa games. but here I draw a line!This is one bugged up game. :)But as I said, this game has ALOT of potential! SEE YOU IN A YEAR OR TWO!!!"
76561197990525795,Not Recommended,290080,15041331,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Skull,"Sorry but this is the worst game ive played in a while!!!!  The crafting seems like its from the 80's and you have to hit tab after everything you do.   I never rate games but i feel like my friends and I got ripped off..... Do yourself a favior and give 20-30 $ to anyone else in the world....  If you do buy it after reading this you better respond to what i am saying i bet you will ALL agree!!!!PS  sorry game Developers play 7 days to die then redo your game, you can make something good here your just headed in the wrong path............"
76561198114214388,Recommended,290080,19909568,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,James Titan CSGODUCK.com,i like it i  guess
76561198035556048,Not Recommended,290080,20635486,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,MissOma (Elektra Volt),"This game is really more like an alpha, nothing is polished, on a great graphics card with huge amounts of RAM available this game has issues with graphics, often times blurry or the mesh does not even pop out of cardboard cutout versions. At this point I'd say that Second Life's graphical inconsistancies are years ahead of this game. Game is constantly patching as the game permits terraforming and object creation therefore there is new data to be downloaded everytime you log into  a server. Hope you don't have any data limits though I did not see much of a major dent in my data usage to be honest but then if the server has lots of people doing lots of things that could change.Animations are stiff, UI is awkward always having to TAB between mouse function or movement function, thought it is at least customizable. Solved some graphic issue with correcting a game file that had viewdistance at 10,000 ...put that down to 2,000 and was finally able to turn around without a game stall. Search steam forums for this solution if you want step by step instructions. Lots of keyboard commands that are not documented in the keybind control settings or in the help section inside the game. Oh...if you have the game fullscreen and have to tab out of it to go searching for websites, videos or any other sort of help  the game will not return to normal when you alt tab back in, screen gets funky, goes sort of windowed but not really, losing most of the UI around the border of the screen. Have to log out and restart the game then. Otherwise if you need to switch screens then you have to go into settings and turn the game into windowed mode before attempting to deal with websites or voice applications.The other issue is that in order to play this game you either get it running on your own computer and play it alone. Or you connect to one of many player run servers. These come and go, everyone has thier own rules, decent website listing them all, ping times, popularity and comment sections but often there is no info on the game server, who runs it or what they expect for rules.There are some pretty solid looking servers out there, repleat with websites introducing thier concept, rules and some of them look fairly dedicated. But watch out...unless they say 'noob friendly' somewhere in the game server website or title you may be in for a shock. I found one that by day 2 expected me to know what I was doing and be good at it. Died officially 2 times. Once at the invisible edge of the game in the water just off shoreline, unable to retrieve belongings from grave as each time I returned there was another insta-death. second time died by getting wedged between a building and some extreme terraformed slope, fell through and died. Nothing of my belongings in that grave. Frustrating. Joined a settlement who said they would help me to survive only to be snapped at for asking stupid questions, go memorize the wiki and watch every single youtube video, write down your plan of action before bothering to log into one of those servers that does not explain what they are about. Perhaps they are just having a hard time themselves trying to learn this game but in reality to even hope to enjoy this game the server community needs to be strong and helpful or it won't survive long. Even then you may walk 10 feet into the world and be eaten by a wolf, start over, start over, start over.5 days on a server that has been up and running since October and after all the drama of losing everything I owned twice, getting kicked out of the settlement without even the starting clothing for being a 'Noob...we just want experienced players and have no time for your questions or patience whilst you build up your skills, even though yesterday we said we could help you.'Server taken down suddenly, all progress lost. Server admin say that the developers do not support this game beyond selling it to us then offering some slight patches that seem to make the game more difficult to run on these home run and/or professionally run servers. Frustrated server admin, took it all down. All progress lost.Warning, servers cost money and do not be surprised if the server owners start asking for monetary donations, maybe promising gifts like clothing, weapons or castles but in the end they can still take the server down and you got nothing to show for it. Either that or someone will come along and kill you, take all  your nice bonus gifts for your donation and burn down your house.Will I try a new server? I don't know...maybe if I get over the trauma and frustration of my time spent struggling both technically and with trying to learn how things work without any good single official help. Wiki is not enough, game play videos not enough. Built in tutorial teaches how to put sticks and rocks together with plant fiber but they do not go into any depth about how you need to level various skill trees if you want to use the more advanced skills in a completely different skill tree. Also  your skill specialization is limited to just 3 so you really are dependant on making friends in the game. Maybe good if you go in with a group of friends but if you go into a server alone, you may waste many hours only to find out you don't like the server politics.Also, there's a system called judgement hour, basicly once a day everyone gets to run around killing and destroying everything you've worked many RL hours for. If this does not sound fun to you then make sure you find a server with this turned off. Also look for a server with decay rate to zero, hate it when your work just poofs overnight due to decay."
,Not Recommended,290080,24784257,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,BOT Nubs,Takes 10 minutes to load just to crash when you adjust the graphics settings. Pretty good.
,Recommended,290080,29472476,Posted: 24 January,all,ADKL,got killed by a boarran 10 min away from a moosebroke my leglost all my tools and herbs10/10 would play agian
,Not Recommended,290080,13602135,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Fisherman Joe,"Ever wanted to get off work, and play some relaxing video games?Well this isn't relaxing.This is work.YOU WILL TERRAFORM TO PERFECTION YOU LAZY FREE-LOADER"
76561198033389866,Not Recommended,290080,12617337,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Frieza,i want a damn refund. This crap is not worth it.
,Not Recommended,290080,12938513,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,automatony,This game is like having a second job digging holes and pruning trees.
76561197974590638,Not Recommended,290080,14923510,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,wing46man,"Can't even get the game to start properly without significant work.  Create a world can't connect to a local server even after following the instructions posted by multiple people trying to solve the same problem.  SQL server problems abound. And, really the fact that disabling anti-virus and a firewall to run a local game is unheard of and ludicrous. Why would I even connect to a remote game without that stuff enabled?"
76561198096801956,Not Recommended,290080,16207834,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,acidballoons,"Don't waste your money, it's another early access game and is terrible... grindy, useless might as well watch paint dry"
,Not Recommended,290080,16231346,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Dick Jerkman,"This game is extremely bare-bones and confusing, and imediately turned me away when I booted it up. Maybe there is something worthwhile buried inside the depths of the black void that this game occupies, but I was not willing to risk my money and spend more than 2 hours to find that.Also the musicSWEET GOD THE MUSIC IS AWFUL"
76561198081339165,Not Recommended,290080,20478027,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Ole Zip Coon,"Very hard to get into, very slow paced. Feels more like labor than fun. The controls are confusing and there are few things to do."
,Not Recommended,290080,28656957,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Doc Holliday,"I wasn't a fan... The graphics are horrible.. the gameplay was slow and repetitive and the RP most servers required was rediculous.If you like hours of grinding and farming to build things, then you might love this game.  I didn't."
76561198149095922,Not Recommended,290080,20244655,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,EpicEnchiladas,"I have played this game for a little over five hours. I played it for this long because I wanted to give it a chance, but I got little work done and it was not rewarding at all. The game takes forever to get used to and the combat is trash. I bought the two pack so I could play with a friend because other reviews say it is more fun with friends. The game is still boring and not fun to play at all. I do not recommend you buy this game unless you like slow paced, trashy games like this one. I cant get a refund because i have played more than two hours of the game and in my opinion, two hours is not enough time to get to play a game and make a decision on whether or not you really want to keep it. It was a waste of close to $40 and I regret the decision very much."
76561198048316021,Recommended,290080,12170484,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Alex,Best Fighting System And Crafting System Buy It 11/10
76561198061869565,Not Recommended,290080,15120310,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Bruxel,"Honestly feels like a prototype, there is alot of cool features yes, just doesnt feel like it was ready to for early access still tons to do.i spent 20 hours running around, really."
,Recommended,290080,16203823,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Xantica,Digging Simulator Pro - 11/10
,Not Recommended,290080,13599529,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,gomaner,"honestly the early access isn't worth the 26 bucks, better if you wait until its out to buy and play, it's far too over priced and it's probably always going to be"
76561198011470751,Recommended,290080,34030674,Posted: 4 August,all,Haralgumin,Great survival game with a huge skill tree.
,Not Recommended,290080,32462356,Posted: 15 June,all,Bort,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,290080,22319761,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Good Whisky,"Had very high hopes for this game because out of all of the games that fall in this genre. It falls short in so many ways, lack of developer updates and follow through on promised features is a huge one. The videos make the game seem complete but that all is for show, the way the characters move and interact with the enviroment is buggy and crashes the game. The world is beautiful but the interactions with other players and the amount of time it takes to get anywhere in the game results in a dissapointing sense of wasted time. Would like to see this game meet its full potential but with most games like this. They will never be completed because the task is simply enormous and requires a dedicated team not just some people looking to make money for their next game."
,Not Recommended,290080,16297918,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,[TM] @Yookie,"I cant play it and I heard you can get refunded for it. I bought it on sale for 17.99€ I think. Nevertheless, I cant run it for some odd reason and I would like if possible :)Best regards- Patrick"
76561198005806820,Not Recommended,290080,32594874,Posted: 20 June,all,Darkfire,"This game is not for the average gamer.  It is tedious and needlessly overcomplicated.  The graphics are nice and the premise is really good, but there is not much entertainment in watching an avatar mindlessly repeat a task 100's of  times(no clicks, nothing else to do other than watch).  The sound effects are poor and the overall mechanics are clunky.  It's a right click based system, as long as you are in mouse look mode.  The developers are overly ambitious and may have started out with a brilliant idea, then somehow the ""mmo grind"" got put in and ruined what could have been a fun sandbox.  I will keep playing it, in hopes that the mechanics imporve."
76561198158823734,Not Recommended,290080,24762111,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,SpaceCat,"macam sial. jangan main game bodoh ini, dah lah cari barang sana sini. siap bina itu ini.. ada time masa barang yang di bina.. lepas itu log out.. log in balik.. barang dah luput.. hilang/rosak.. kena cari lagi..kena bina lagi.."
,Not Recommended,290080,16229126,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Tess,No Single player and I couldn't get it to connect to my friends server (which i had to try directly because it wasn't showing up on the server screen).Very disappointed that I can't even play the game to try it. Bit of a waste of money in my eyes atm
,Not Recommended,290080,16232478,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Cinix,Okay first off. Anyone looking at my play time for this game I want you to note that about 75% of that was waiting for it to load.first off the cons:1) LONG WAITS: The game will take a while to load worlds but if you're soloing it you're more or less fine and it wont take that long. However should you dare to enter the servers or group rooms/worlds be prepared for 20+ minute waits sometimes. The game does not load well.2) Non-friendly player community: While you might be able to outside of game run into some friendly people once in game you should be prepared to die about as often as you would in darksouls. You start out with just about NOTHING and will usually get killed by a player fairly quickly after you've spent a few moments gathering basic materials. Sorry but I spent most of my time in the world being killed and having to wait through loading screens when dealing with servers/multi-player.3) Near Unplayable in Single Player: Because of the cap in skill points and the like and how group focussed the game is. In single player you are more or less doomed to digging around and wondering around not knowing what to do. Make sure you look to the guides online or find someone in the player community to walk you through it.Sadly that's about it. I only managed to (after loading screens) spend about 45 minutes in total in game. I really wish that the Return policy had been around when I bought this game as I really want my money back.Pros:Competative player base: It's true there's a lot of very competetive or just people who love punishment that I have to put this on the Pros. If you want a game where the community will kill you more times then the actual world and wont punish whine about it if you do it to others you've found your game.High Co-Op focus: If you have a large group of buddies that you can team up with and make a world together you'll probably have fun. Just as a heads up be prepared for issues if you aren't all in the same country. That was the biggest issue I ran into with trying to get worlds going with my friends was the server not wanting to let people in or taking insane lengths of time to let someone in.
76561198017918851,Not Recommended,290080,14911693,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,GRANTO,"JUST STICK TO A ""NAME BRAND"" GAME"
,Not Recommended,290080,15701179,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Legolas,This is my review for a game and Im going to keep it short.VERY SHORT.2 words: No TutorialEND
76561198065126142,Not Recommended,290080,13933833,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Sm3xyM3xican,"waste of 40 bucks, want my money back"
76561198034029183,Not Recommended,290080,15909023,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,sperca01,"Game often doesn't work. Server crashes frequently. Took an hour to get it to open the first night after downloading it. Usually don't have any problem with these games, but for some reason this one only works about half the time if that. Don't recommend purchasing - especially for the price and the stage of development it is in."
76561198005968559,Not Recommended,290080,20627223,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,SabreWolf,"well, almost to give a thumb up... nice graphic and style, love design, good combat...but, it is a waaaay too slow, no npc enemy, and leveling with that kind of decimals are just game killer."
,Recommended,290080,15013932,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Interpolated,Optimize! It's been out for a year and it you still can't even customize your guy very much. This doesn't bother me because I know there are much more updates to come and i hope optimization is one! I put the settings very low and i run it like a fat kid running from a tiger.
,Not Recommended,290080,17439918,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,shrooomzy,Doesnt Work @ all ... Just loads then kicks me off... GG :( Hope it develops so i can eventually play it .. My brother also bought this game so we could play together and he can log in but he cant do anything . The controls wont work on his end . So its hard to give this game a good review. Really hope the bugs get worked out so I can play with my brother! . :(
76561198141463616,Not Recommended,290080,21080925,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,TrogDoR,what a $40 waste of money. this has to be one of the most boring games i have ever played. unless u have 20 friends who are playing this you have absolutely no chance of getting anything even remotely cool. then when u finally can make armor and weapons u cant equip them because you have to make practice♥♥♥♥♥♥first which requires you learn a completely different skill set to make rope. graphics are so so and music will make u want to scream. i tried for a refund but i played more then 2 hours so it was denied. only reason i played more then 2 hours is i thought it had to get better but it doesnt
,Not Recommended,290080,15681375,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Snake,0/10 cannot even press the agree button for the terms and conditions literally restricting me from even the main menu. Wtf dudes
76561198065034292,Not Recommended,290080,16004888,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,truetitandonarud,"This early access is terrible. One of the worst I have ever seen. They give absolutely no help to you at all in game, other than telling you the controls, so you have to look everything up. Sandbox mode doesn't even mean what sandbox mode usually means. You still need to spend days of time looking for resources and leveling terrain to build more than a small hut.Even after trying this game again and again, I still find every aspect of it to be way overly tedius. If you have absolutely nothing to do with your time, then I guess this game can be alright. Honestly though, if you want this level of tedius realism, your time would actually be better spent doing this in real life.Lots of people would just say I'm being immature, or are just hating on the game. No. This isn't even an issue of it being in early alpha, this is an issue of it takes hours just to find basic ores, or basic anything, and thats with the skill growth rate maxed out. If you only want something to waste time with, this game is perfect for you. If you want a game that has entertainment value where you can feel like you're doing something in a game, don't waste the time or money on this.I just wish I hadn't given this game so much time so I could get my money back."
76561198039257500,Recommended,290080,15958267,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Thievin,"I definately recommend this game to persons who are willing to put forth a good amount of time and love to build up a character and base, its a deep builder sandbox game that is only in early stages, the price is a little steep, but it is worth it"
,Not Recommended,290080,16377154,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Trashbaskeyt;ODLSfgnjergnjs,"A waste of 40 dollars, and since i bought it before the refund policy, i couldnt refund it. its an afwul un-optomised mess. to top it off, when you get into a server after the 15 minute long loading screen, good luck finding anybody in the massive empty servers that reset every week."
,Not Recommended,290080,16457037,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,LGG | Aqua Games |,bad game !
76561198067106607,Not Recommended,290080,16432167,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,TwoPotato,"Awful game, just terrible.  Highly recommend you avoid this game.  I just cant say anything good about it.  I had literally not one moment of fun on this game... Id play rust, out of reach, or ARK..  Just better games.  I cannot believe I wasted $40 on this game. Sadly it was before the new return policy or I would've refunded this game after an hour.  Oh well."
,Not Recommended,290080,27846285,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lil Wiz,"Be careful buying this game, the servers are desolate, the character creation is beyond limited for a roleplaying game and the controls are clunky and awkward.It also can bug out and say that it's running far after you've closed it down causing you to be unable to get a refund because it's artifically boosted up your playtime so high.This is a great game concept but that's about it, it's left me with such a sour taste in my mouth. Definitely not worth the £20 at all. Do not buy this game."
,Recommended,290080,16888915,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Libertygeek,"Life Is Feudal: Your Own is a mixed bag depending on what you are looking for and what price you pay.   I picked up to play solo realizing what I was getting into.  You can play solo but the game is really meant to play multiplayer so realize that while you can things are going to be slow going.   I haven't played multiplayer however when you purchase LiF:YO while in EA you get a ticket for LiF:MMO when it comes out (no timeframe).   So whle the $40 seems insane and really is, you are getting technically not just the game but ticket to the future MMO good for a single character from my understanding.   Now what that may be worth to you is for you to decide.  I personally gave up MMOs about a 10 months ago but figured what the heck we shall see.    Back to LiF:YO I haven't played the multiplayer side which honestly is a huge part so I can't really speak of that which may or may not be great.  I have seen videos that judege it either way.    From the solo side (ie gathering / crafting) the game doesn't do anything that you will not find much cheaper in Rising World.   I am recommending as long as you keep in mind that for the most bang for the buck you are going to want to play the multiplayer version and be patient and willing to wait for the MMO version to come out."
76561198075136711,Not Recommended,290080,24794771,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,The Gentleman,"So I bought this game when it first came out. I stopped playing for awhile then came back after a year or so; and quite a bit has changed from the Early Access release, it was hell, glitchy, unoptimised and no fun, (still is tbh) but it has improved. The building/terraforming though on the other hand still takes ages and would take hours to accomplish building your very own castle or village.I don't think Im going to recommend this game just yet because they could do so much more! This game has been around for nearly 2 years and they have not done as nearly as much work on it as it should.But please don't let this review stop you from buying, if you want, just read all the other reviews and watch more videos to get a better feel for it.I don't write many reviews but this is the best I could come up with from my own personal experience."
76561198030980450,Recommended,290080,16301414,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Tallestdavid,(Update last review from launch)so this game is so much better loved it the first time but was too hard and lack stuff and couldnt make any friends and was bald...now its too hard but i can be a hot nomad female who cant start a fire :Dand still cant make any friends...I recommend.
76561198145613915,Recommended,290080,33954928,Posted: 1 August,all,^ chzg,"This game is really grindy, and you need to give this game a good portion of your time in order to progress. Its very hard to progress by yourself, so you would need maybe 3+ friends to play with. However, it is very enjoyable if you like growing, building a village, and combat that makes some sort of sense (you have to hit the enemy with the actual damaging part of your weapon and to block you must look at the attackers weapon), because this game has a lot of it."
,Recommended,290080,30630386,Posted: 19 March,all,Outermostgold,"Just passed 100hrs on this game;This game has some critical game breaking mechanics that are out weighed by positivity.If you are looking for a casual, medival game this is not the game for you, If you are looking for an in-depth highly detailed and visually stunning medival game... then this is for you. However...This game lacks a stable gaming experience and you can often find people on this game which is ran by GM's often with no training in situational mediation. Therefore if you were to pick the wrong server which goes unchecked by the games development team then this game can easily leave a sour taste in your mouth.In saying that if you do choose the right server with the right kind of people on it, you could end up spending months and years of devoted time to this game easily.I would recommend this game to only the people out there that are willing to take some time in finding the right people to play it with."
,Recommended,290080,31501064,Posted: 1 May,all,Chonto,dirt farmer simulator
76561198016477228,Recommended,290080,34818902,Posted: 8 September,all,Crankage,"I was a simple farmer. I had high hopes... aspirations... dreams... I learned how to be a skinner, and a tanner, and then a fletcher. I began to hunt for my food, collect things from the wildnerness and survive with no outside help. I was completely self sufficient and free....And then... One day...I played Life is Feudal. And now I'm addicted to video games.10/10 would recommend.- Crankage Games (Developer of Metal as P H U K)"
76561198143110189,Not Recommended,290080,22547218,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,virginia.myrum,"Been playing this game for a few hours and I have yet to find anything I do like about it.  Absolutely nothing is intuitive and, frankly, it's almost too much work to do ANYTHING.  The tutorial feels like you need to have days to go through it to be able to begin playing to a degree that playing is enjoyable.  Mostly I feel like I wasted money and time that I'll never get back."
76561198088194993,Recommended,290080,30225118,Posted: 27 February,all,JohnnyRidden,It's a good game if you don't mind grinding..  and to those telling you to stay away because the mmo is coming you can ignore it since buying this gets you the mmo as well. It also gets you ready and helps you understand how it works beforehand
76561198023197403,Not Recommended,290080,33665037,Posted: 19 July,all,BlackNeko06,"I wanted to love this game. What it advertised that it had was what I wanted in a game ... but it lied.- Controls were impossible- Land empty and barren- Multplayer Shmuckiplayer- Very bare bonesI was excited for this game, had in my wishlist forever ... then traded it in within the first hour. Dissapointing."
76561198049014120,Not Recommended,290080,33636041,Posted: 18 July,all,Rockybalboa,"its nice but after few hours you found out there is alot of bugs and you get traped everywhere... also not frendly players on non english servers.... dont buy wait for MMO, this servers reset too often and just waste of time for pvp or pve"
,Recommended,290080,33246906,Posted: 4 July,all,Cedjoe,Nice game
76561197995826219,Not Recommended,290080,35461910,Posted: 3 October,all,Provin,"What a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game this has become. I bought the game after viewing it through a friends computer. I thougt it would be a nice switch. I can hear the game but only see it when i click to minimize or enlarge. Tried several hundred fixes non work. Went to compatibilty mode only thing that changed was green square turned blue in a big black boxed window.My system is way equipped to handle this budget game.Windows 101080 hydraI7 670032GB ram7 TB of spaceand i only run my Monitor at 1360x768 tried different resolutions nothing changed.No support from any Dev.All in all, it was not worth the headache I just received to play with friends and family."
,Recommended,290080,12171313,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Blackened,"game is pure brilliant. if you love crafting, this game takes it to the next level. 10/10"
76561198062555361,Recommended,290080,12175706,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,winer,som gr8 bantz to be had w/ tihs game i r8 11/10 nothing special
,Recommended,290080,12187077,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Erich,"This might be the game I have been waiting for all of my life. Is it worth getting to enjoy in its current state? No. Is it worth buying in order to support the developers and the future of the game? YES! This game has more potential than anything I've seen to date, and I have faith in the developers to deliver a great product in due time, especially given what they have achieved so far. This game is truly complex, and while the outer skin of the game looks rough, the meat and bones are truly intricate and detailed. More complexity means more possibility, and that's what makes a great sandbox game even better.It is definitely geared towards multiplayer, though you can have fun in single player. Some folks compare it to Rust in that regard, and I have to agree.It has its bugs, it's not finished yet, but holy cow I can't wait until it is."
76561198027668470,Not Recommended,290080,12398935,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,L0ki,"After giving this game a chance at $40 it does not provide sufficient entertainment for that price. That said, I do think this game is unique in the survival genre, it does a good job of making teamwork and survival important to the player, and the developers seem to have a real shot at taking this title all the way to completion.After 8 hours of flattening land with a group of people yesterday (we got a 14x14 square done in that time frame) our server failed to restart correctly and all of our work was lost. These problems are normal in an alpha and of course should be expected. But the appeal of this title is creating epic works that will be long lasting. As of right now the more epic your building the more dissapointed you will be in a day or two when its all gone. Shoveling imaginary dirt does get boring, eventually."
76561198010238292,Not Recommended,290080,12400487,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,tpitt,DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE BUY THIS GAME.It will not load. It srews up your computer and you get no help from Steam. Its a you brought it live with it.Loaded once and froze Totally srewed up my computer my Ststem Mechanic Proffesional had to work overtime to get my computer working again.Very disappointed with the game and the response of STEAM.
76561198098376773,Not Recommended,290080,12403149,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,a.buraksafak,this game is a total waste of money. Really boring and unplayable. It needs at least 1-2 years to be playeble and enjoyable.
76561198122032810,Recommended,290080,12513507,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,YoUr FaThEr,my game just says loading server ? how do i get it to work right?
,Not Recommended,290080,14201041,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,ez1to3,"Very disapointed with my purchase. Just the huge load / wait time is enough to quit this game, let alone the irrational learning curve."
,Recommended,290080,14347417,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Shleal,This game is so awesome!!!! One of the best survival type games out there I highly recommend it to anyone.
,Not Recommended,290080,14664211,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Gjz,While playing this game I have ran into many points that annoy me and I hope others too1. I know this game is trying to get as realistic as possible but you need to put hundreds of hours to just get off the ground in this game2. This game in my opinion is not worth $40 I could have bought 2 or even 4 other games that would have been more entertaining for the ADHD person I am. This game peaked my intrest because in the trailer it shows what you can do but it doesn't tell you how long and annoying it is to get there I would understand if the game is $10 and in early access but there should be much more in this game to be worth such a large amount of money
76561197987316096,Not Recommended,290080,14673585,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Talon The Half-Drow,"Not worth the money at this point in time. If you ever take anyones advice once in your life, let it be this. Never play this game alone, after 1 hour of gathering things by myself (and getting killed about 10 times by kids breathing very erotically into their mic) I decided to rub my♥♥♥♥♥♥with a cactus. Same amount of pain, only the cactus provided better solo entertainment. In all seriousness, wait for this game to be gain a few more miles and make sure you have a group of colleagues with you."
76561198072535634,Not Recommended,290080,15241679,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,DanQ,"Overhype ? After hours spent finding a server that will be up 24/7 and is running the same version of Lif:YO as you. If you choose the wrong server you will have to restart the game to choose another one (Or fight infinate load times of making your own) You will be introduced to an extreamly un-intuative and complicated world of glitch's , bugs and well nothingness. Later having  spent a while on wiki's you will have a basic understanding of the game and be able to make tools , campfires, etc... The visuals of the  map and various other huds resemble the art and design capabilitys of a 2 year old and overall has an extreamly indie feel to it. Navigation is neer imposible with the map as your icon is imposible to acuratly determine where your Town or camp is  due to its size and again detail of the map. I understand that this game is early access however for £25 i was expecting a bit more than what i have seen whilst playing. Positives, The realism is nice and completing tasks feels extreamly rewarding. Maybe the MMO they claim to be relesing will be more however as it stands i would NOT recomend buying this game."
76561198067869074,Not Recommended,290080,16251130,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Xanfu,"(Let it be known that this is a pre-release review)Crazy, crazy learning curve that tips the cup (into the negative) of being realistic vs. being fun.I love the realism. I love the crafting. What I don't love is the horrible interface not to mention it's not user friendly at all.  Seriously, if you have the equipment, then it should auto equip or just use it. It's just daunting how much time you have to spend on changing things in your inventory. It's pointless and time consuming.That leads into my next point: combat. It's non-existant since it's so awful. Press a button for combat stance then press the button of the apendage that you want. And then, there's a huge lag. Really?  You try to attack someone, but low and behold it will bug out and do nothing.Yes, I realize this game is in beta, pre-release or whatever.This game is NOT worth the price that the devs want you to pay for it. At least not now."
,Not Recommended,290080,16254559,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Andro Bourne,"Honestly it's a good game. For those that played Darkfall back in the good old days, it gives you that type of feeling and I love it!But as the game is there is just too many problems such as:1. Being able to make floating logs to jump into other peoples bases2. Other floating objects that allow for you to mess up other peoples bases3. Not an MMOFor me number is the biggest concern. I know they are working on the MMO version but as it is now with dedicate servers it is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. If an admins base get messed up from #1 or #2 I mentioned above they will simply wipe and reload the whole server. Days or Weeks of work is all gone. Also to mention when any major patches come out it sometimes requires a server wipe.Also currently admins can adjust the skill caps and basically make it so 1 person can learn everything. This takes the whole trading aspect out of the picture.I would highly recommend this game it is was in it's MMO state with dedicated servers ran by the company and not some 3rd party company. This allowing modding of game files needs to be removed and a standard format put into place or it just drains the whole purpose of playing the game right out of it.I would say wait for MMO version to come out before you purchase the game.I noticed some people mentioned they were keep up with updates. This is incorrect, it almost seems like every week there is an update and the update notes are alway posted on their site which can be seen here.http://lifeisfeudal.com/as for mmo status, I haven't heard of any updates recently and their site shows last update on MMO status to be in 2013 so I'm not holding my breath on it coming out this year.http://lifeisfeudal.com/mmorpgsandLiF/Simply put. Wait for the MMO version."
76561198016498180,Not Recommended,290080,16260154,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Slimy,Don't buy this yet. It has massive potential but who the hell wants to spend several hours just to build a house.
,Not Recommended,290080,16260734,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,[Redux] Ryan Covolski,This game is horrible I spent an hour on it only to relize that I would have to spend my whole day just to make a crapy house along with the horrible graphics and crafting system.
,Not Recommended,290080,16261557,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Eric the Goblin,"I bought this maybe a week after it came out.And I haven't enjoyed a single session that I've spent playing this game.The gameplay is slow, loading into a server takes forever, I had to wait 3 months before I could walk into forests without unbelievable lag, the player base is tiny, character creation is basically non-existent and accomplishing anything in this game takes unbelievably long.I do not recommend this at all."
76561198215983437,Not Recommended,290080,20187366,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,redstar1a.j.m.5points,"this is the worst scam of a game ever.not a real game sure as hell not an rpg, its a building simulater that take 20 to load a server that has no npc's or anything to fight .false advertisment. 0/10"
76561198052973656,Not Recommended,290080,20205231,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,cdwike111,This game is a NIGHTMARE! Thanks for making us pay for a game that has a great concept and ultra poor game play.
76561198044914440,Recommended,290080,23026583,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,jacksin125,"This is a pretty good game, it is a relatively realistic medieval sandbox game. This does mean that leveling up and building things takes a looong time though. It is almost a requirement to play with a group, but if you don't have your own friends just make sure you join a server with decent people on it and you will find someone who wants new players. It is a little unoptimized and buggy, but those problems are not nearly as bad as in, say, almost any Bethesda game."
76561198072409086,Not Recommended,290080,26097113,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Guerrand,"This game is for people who want to grind for hours on end, more than any other survival game I've ever played."
76561198132674054,Recommended,290080,26223867,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Derp123,"I think the game is amazing! But I will still make a pro-con list!Pros- Beautiful game- Almost no lag unless your graphics are set too high for your PC- Amazing crafting gameplay- Incredible creations and teamwork is used a lot- RP servers are a thing and so are just regular servers- A lot of servers with a lot of people all day- Ability to Realisticly hunt, mine, chop trees down, etc.- Very easy to find groups in game to work with- Very few updates THAT make you restart everything!Cons- Everything takes time! You have to work minutes, hours, days to complete tasks, depending on your task- Combat, A bit weird with swinging direction thats like Mount and Blade (Which I LOVE)- Stupid People, Something you have to deal with every once in a while, What you get for playing a multiplayer game...- Long connecting times, (5-10 minutes no matterwha computer you got)These cons don't mean that much when you think of the big picture and you will see people HATE the game, why? They got killed and lost skills... Or are very stubborn about the combat which is still FINE! Hope you find this helpful!!! :)"
76561198057042089,Recommended,290080,30522390,Posted: 15 March,all,NotJay,"I wanted to make a bow but first I needed to learn how to make furniture. I made furniture then learned to make bows. I made a bow but couldn't use it cause I needed to learn how to use crossbows. I tried to figure out how to make a crossbow, said I needed linen rope, which requires a spinning wheel which requires things, I DONT ♥♥♥♥ING HAVE. Why cant I use a primitive bow before learning to use a crossbow? Other then that, the game is fun but some of the skills make no ♥♥♥♥ing sense."
,Recommended,290080,12521739,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,TheHedgeMonster,"An interesting take on what is becoming a saturated craft/build/survive market. This game has taken some really cool ideas and given them life. That said, it still has a lot of work to do but has shown promise by having regular updates and bug fixes. Would I recommend this game to friends? Yes I would...but I would also remind them that's it's an alpha."
76561198026606931,Not Recommended,290080,13671343,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,MilSurp,"Not worth the price they are asking for it currently, give it more time and it might be."
76561197970698435,Recommended,290080,19242172,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Brainbug,"Although I have to agree with many of the reviews here that I would have expected more from a released game I still love the concept and want to play this! If the developers keep the patches coming and listen to the community, this will become a great game.Things that I encountered in the first hour of the game will bug EVERYONE, those AT LEAST have to change:bugfixes for bugs that are known for a year (like the faulty ""paved roads"" texture)basic interface handling (some menues are too complicated and inefficient - how hard can it be to at least sort the lists of buildable items alphabetically, for f**ks sake!)better accessibility (like an in-game wiki - at least show the crafting recipes, indicate the size of items and explain, how things work; try and error is tedious)The immersion and the possibilites are great, the graphic glitches were patched soon after the release. I hope, the developers keep the patches coming! @developers: Please, listen to the reviewers and make this game whole - then you will have a lasting fanbase and a committed community."
76561198057781627,Recommended,290080,12562923,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,FreshXTRA,"The game is good, but theres just too much grinding involved (terraforming simulator)"
76561197962153042,Recommended,290080,12563973,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Jean-Philippe Emond,vERY GOOD GAME
,Not Recommended,290080,13263572,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Malacath,"Life is Crash: Your ownYou start it, it crashes. You start a world, it crashes. You click, it crashes. You take a few steps, it crashes. You think about fairy bread, it crashes. I've dealt with many early access games, and always manage to figure my way through bugs and issues, or waited for updates. This is the only game ever that has gotten WORSE after every... single... patch. I used to play for 20 seconds before a crash. Now it crashes at the intro... or the server screen. Don't waste your money. Take your $25 and go buy some bread and butter and hundreds and thousands. Lather that sucker up with some nice room temperature butter. Sprinle on some hundreds and thousands and smash slice after slice into your face until the whole loaf has gone. Then get onto steam and never buy an early access game if anyone ever has had any issues. Don't buy an early access game unless windows 95 can run it. Go to work tomorrow and work for the exact amount of time that life is fedual is worth, then jump out of a window and light yourself on fire. Because that is what happened to me. I'm but hurt by this game. I'm only angry because i WANT TO PLAY IT. It's like having an insanely beautiful girlfriend that goes and sleeps with people all day long, and when she comes home she's too tired and you never get to experience her, you just watch videos on the internet and sit back wishing it was you. But it's not me. I'm not playing life is feudal. Don't be me. Don't buy this game. Buy fairy bread."
,Not Recommended,290080,13534075,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Baxby,"Garbage, unless you have ten people working together in perfect harmony nothing will get done. Takes forever to do anything. Dont buy this game unless you like hitting grass for 5 hours."
,Not Recommended,290080,13597657,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Crazyi,Has lots of promise.I believe it will get there.But its not there yet.
,Not Recommended,290080,12396907,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Operative.Kiwi,"Unoptimized like ♥♥♥♥, don't buy it yet. Wait till they reduce lag (8GB ram, gtx770, i7 6 core)"
,Recommended,290080,12506594,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Zer0,Sick game. Really fun. Looks like crap in the trailer but its really good. Slow paced.
76561198150377098,Not Recommended,290080,13587509,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Midget,As of npe it is just way to clunky and skippy it really needs to be more smoothe before the thought of enjoying this game because real...
76561198148559696,Not Recommended,290080,13840204,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,theIMMORTALx2,"bought this for $30 on sale. let me tell you why i hate the game for reasons besides the fact that it doesnt work at all! iv sat at the loading screen for an hour, and nothing.( i got into one online game but thats it, cant get into single player.) my pc specs are more than enough. anyways. there is no tutorial from what iv seen. no idea how to craft stuff, and the things you need to do just to build are rediculus. i like complex games. but this isnt complex, this is♥♥♥♥♥♥thrown around in the game made to look complex. to get some twigs and bark off a tree to make an axe (i think thats how they did it on youtube) iv had to go on youtube to figure everything out. even then i couldnt do anything because it all costs levels. i actualy spawned in once and got killed by wolves because i had no way to protect myself. and the game play is so very slow. if you play this game and enjoy it you might as well go outside, and build a ♥♥♥♥ing house, or start a garden, or do somthing! it would be less time consuming than this game, i can garentee it. this game is just $30 im not getting back. i can honestly say i would have wiped♥♥♥♥♥with the money before buying this game with it. this game is a simulation for what life would be like if life were in mideval times and had glitches around every corner. i do not recamend this game at all! i thought it looked great but it is not."
76561198026189797,Recommended,290080,18127022,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,kugal83,Needs more options for race....im pretty sure aficans existed or at least the option to make one with another background.....will wait before investing.
76561198040005911,Recommended,290080,20506582,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,WishingOnAWendy,"Okay, so after over 100 hours in this game I think I can finally safely review it because I'm tired of seeing all these negative reviews that are just whiny people that can't handle this type of game.So first I would like to say that I personally have enjoyed this game a huge amount. WHen I started playing this game I did not know a single person in here. 100 hours later I have my own guild and we have a Mumble server specific to our guild with anywhere between 5 to 10+ people in it at any given time and we've formed a pretty great bond with each other.You need other people to play this game. They don't have to be people you knew prior to starting to play. Basically everyone who plays this game is older because it simply doesn't lend itself to younger gamers so if you're looking for a game with a more mature audience then this game is for you.Okay, time to say what this game is all about. This game is truly all about surviving and progressing, and it takes a long♥♥♥♥♥time. Don't get me wrong I'm not complaining when I say that. It is such a great feeling to spend hours working on a singular project with others who all have a different hand in it and watch it finally be done, but be aware this game takes time.If you're wondering why you need others to play this game it's because this game, which will eventually be launching as an MMO with a 10k player cap per server, takes an MMO approach in that you only have so many skill points that you can spec in to skills. Your choices are to become a jack of all trades in the low tiers of every skill or to look at one or two skills that you really want and that your guild really needs. You do that, and suddenly you're an irreplaceable asset to a group who will always need you.This game is so much fun with a group and I can't stress that enough, it's long, and some things can be a ""grind"", but if you're with others this game will never feel like a true grind it will feel like you're accomplishing something. I think that's what a lot of these negative reviews miss out on.Now, what negatives do I have about this game? A lot. I love this game I really do. But, it's a buggy mess and I can admit that. I usually crash 4 or 5 times in a very long game session of 6 or 7 hours. Sometimes you encounter objects that you personally can't see and you get stuck on them. You can glitch through a wall in a mineshaft and fall into the endless ocean beneath the map. The list goes on. But clearly based on the people that have put over a THOUSAND hours into this game really should show you that if you enjoy slower paced survival games where you really have to work to survive then this game could be for you.The combat is also an issue right now. It feels like a slower, clunkier version of Mount and Blade. However, in the thick of battle when you're going against 5 or 6 other people at once, swinging your sword, blocking strikes from the enemy, you forget all that and just get sucked in to what's going on because you could lose not just your items but your skill levels. So you fight and you call for help and you scream at your enemies because you're out for blood.This game is just a lot of fun. I'm afraid I don't see where a lot of these negative comments come from because while the game has a lot of issues it also has a ton of potential. Should it be out of alpha yet? No. Do I understand why they released it straight out of alpha? Yes. Am I ready for the MMO version to release? Hell yeah!"
,Not Recommended,290080,24260830,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Mashiin,"- Great for Roleplay- You need Teamwork to accomplish things.- Everything is slow and stratetic.- Fighting doesn't feel fluid (Mount&Blade style but bad)Gameplay is too slow for my taste.I tried to build a bow for hunting, after 20h i gave up.Skillpoints are limited, you have to specialize on certain skills.I need to turn the graphics down to get ~30fps (i7, 980ti).Near a village i got max 15fps.Edit: I just realized it isn't an early access game. AND they are working on an MMO. I lol'd but then i cried because of my money."
,Recommended,290080,12519873,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Alchazaar Aelfdane,Интересная иразнобразная крафтовая игра. Дружелюбное сообщество. Большой и живой мир.UPD:Информация в стиме по поводу доступа устарела. Владельцы YO смогут попасть на тестирование лишь во 2-й ЗБТ волне. А потом уже и на релизе. А 14-го декабря лишь началась первая волна тестирования.
,Not Recommended,290080,16238990,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Selim,This game is barely working. The performance is also really bad and all in all it's not enjoyable.
76561197970629293,Not Recommended,290080,32967659,Posted: 28 June,all,Ser Eddard Stark,"One of my worst games i have ever had, if i want to work i go to a real work, when you have no job, no family and friends and girlfriend, it is worth a try otherwise don't buy this hot pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,290080,22305396,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Stargazing Snake,"A friend and I got this because a few of our other friends were enjoying it. It is an intense and interesting game, for what I could actually see. I figured most of it out pretty quickly with a little guidance and it is unique.But sadly, it is totally and utterly unplayable. I tried on two different machines, which are both relatively new and one has a brand new graphics card which is really powerful. One a laptop, one a desktop. On the laptop I never got more than 5 fps on all the lowest settings with no mods.On the big rig, 10fps was the best I got. I could not move, could not fight, could do nothing but gather basically. Constant freezing and lagging and crashing. Totally not worth the money, just don't do it! I did all the bug fixing I could, I tried all the setting combos I could find suggestions for, and nothing.Perhaps it would be fun if I could actually make it work, but as it stands, no... i don't expect most people have top of the line, brand new computers with all the best graphics and processors. And that's what this game seems to want. At least, from me :/ Maybe if it some day works, I will give a new review. But for now, please stay away.I feel it relevant to add, even my laptop has more than the recommended requirements to run this game if you look at the sys req's labeled. And it STILL doesn't work."
76561198285357035,Not Recommended,290080,32455430,Posted: 15 June,all,slegassick,Extremely boring
,Not Recommended,290080,13630248,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,"Irvine ""Danger"" Riker",I want my money back
,Not Recommended,290080,16639984,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Murdawg6,"Game is a waste of money, even if you get it on sale. Not even a real game, as it is just the testing ground for the devs ACTUAL game which will be a MMO style while this is a 70 max per server game.I do like the feel, that old school mmo grinding for hours for almost nothing feel. The bad side of this is that there are way too many people who quickly get bored and feel like making your life in game terrible by PKing, raiding, trolling/greifing you. So, naturally you rent a server to play the game r-tard♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥knuckle free. I didn't, it didn't catch me enough to want to pay to play this game.2/10 apples."
76561198092437233,Recommended,290080,12225233,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Smoke-Meth-Erryday,"This game has a huge amount of potential to be great.The concept and idea of the game is a lot similar to most creator games that are available to us nowadays, but this does it in a way of it's own. I've really quite enjoyed the game so far and I look forward to helping with finding bugs so the dev's can make this game to the best of quality. The finished product is going to be amazing if they keep doing what they're doing."
76561198047447699,Recommended,290080,14925539,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Achaerion,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8zNDL4kOF6kThis game is amazing, this isnt a review but when you can pray to move around the map do not deny the awesomeness of this game :D"
,Not Recommended,290080,23883177,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,BIA_VOLDORAC,"The idéa is a good one, the grafic quality it perfect but you can't play the game by your own, it's too hard, if the developers would focus on making the game a bit more crafting friendly (aka a bit easier to play the game) they would gain more in the long run with more players to actually but/play it than scare them away ... i would love to give the thumb up but i can't ..."
76561198021051195,Not Recommended,290080,17506773,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,CaptCuddles92,the controls are broken for me
76561198128055192,Not Recommended,290080,32555482,Posted: 18 June,all,TheRealPlayer,i havnt play it once wasted my money and i didnt know of the refund thing so yea i just had a fuzzy black screen
,Recommended,290080,12403785,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Sacher,Very good game.
76561198090988423,Recommended,290080,32189942,Posted: 4 June,all,haakon765,black screen at start of game unplayable
,Recommended,290080,28387704,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,MacLeod,"-Combat is comparable to chivalry and the mmo part of the game is comparable to wurm.(the pvp,etc is not that bad)-stamina bar-Some kind of mmo comming out soon making the game colossal.-apples-Big grind like everyone else says with a satisfying payoff.-monumentsIf this game was wurm (and it can be because of how similar some of the mechanics work) with the combat system lifyo      would be the better game then wurm imo.-The emotes are pretty garbage,and there is no crouching mechanic,sitting down doesn't count."
,Recommended,290080,28393926,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Divi,"You have to like a game like this, it's really a grind and you have to put alot of time in it. I really like the game since it got objectives which no other game have. I would recommed it to people who like to grind to achieve something."
,Recommended,290080,26600648,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,raider.671,"My friend recommended this game to me and I absolutely love it! Finally a game I can chill out and play, and all my hardwork will be there months and maybe years from now. The devs are so good at making sure updates don't need to wipe the server unless it's really necessary."
,Recommended,290080,15944199,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,ChaseECarpenter,"This game is awesome, its exactly what Im looking for. If its fleshed out a bit more itl be perfect."
,Not Recommended,290080,13626759,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Toasty,i cant even get into a match. i dont know if its my internet or what. my friends tried joining a server and they had the same problem i had. we sat here for half an hour waiting for it to load
76561198035661043,Recommended,290080,21382738,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,mayzier,"for sure if you can manage to build a simple thing such as a house, think i had glitches somewhere"
76561197983587009,Recommended,290080,21377884,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,ShadowsRage,It's a good game to play with friends
76561198003014750,Recommended,290080,21552616,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,midwestwhet,The bees knees!
,Recommended,290080,21244522,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Golum4471,ive played this game for a little bit and its a really good game in my opinion unless you dont like getting stabed every three seconds than this isnt the game for you but other than that. the graphics are kinda crapy but the gameplay endless hours  kinda boring (have second device playing music or what other thing you kids do these days) and i have a kinda neutral comment but i like the game so i personally give it a 6/10.
,Recommended,290080,21290307,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Nicirin,Don't be fooled by the mixed reviews. This game is awesome. The combat is very good and the crafting system is like no other I have seen. Raiding is really fun and I am so stoked for the MMORPG when we can get so much more than 64 players per server. I used to love Ultima Online and have played games since dial up AOL days. This seems more of a successor to UO than SotA IMO.
,Recommended,290080,21196969,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Bjørnos Pizza,its fun but its really hard if u suck like me
76561198060059419,Recommended,290080,21549096,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Zionite,Awesome game.
,Recommended,290080,15959444,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Donny the Dealer,By far one of the best games I have ever played....The trolling is infinite and the level is intense
,Recommended,290080,29887874,Posted: 12 February,all,Spartacus,"Since they added 64 bit support it is MUCH better. It feels complete and in depth. The controls are annoying but past that, it's great."
76561198056404402,Recommended,290080,13932114,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Pandanator,"Besides getting raided by naked bandits with big sticks that 2-hit your soft hp even though you have heavy armor, you can also build walls and punch the ground for herbs for 100+ hours! You can try to build houses, but you'll need to chop down over 100 trees for any decent, non-shack house! When I heard hyper-realism, they were not freaking kidding. Still fun, untill naked Bear Grills ♥♥♥♥s you in the♥♥♥♥♥for you stuff. My advice, build a small warehouse, put wodden walls over the windows, and you just built a fort no one can enter!"
76561198032042135,Recommended,290080,34285355,Posted: 16 August,all,PERICLE,"Excellent for hardcore survivalists with a penchant for building stuff, quite awesome game that I'm certain will receive it's polishing updates in due time! Can't wait for the MMO!"
,Recommended,290080,22629289,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Sinxer Dranes,"If u ever imagined a medival era game which u can create ur own cities, be a bandit or a knight and fight with other players with your sword, axe or bow this is the game u should play. Belive me there is no end of this game. There is allways something to do. Skills to improve like hunting, mining, blade mastery, unarmed fighting. I must say it wont be easy. For making a sword u need to find some ore than smelt in a furnace or an anvil than forge it in anvil with leather which u need to hunt animals for it. Its better to play with a team and share the jobs. I know reviews are mixed but its not mixed because the game is bad. Yes its still unfinished but devs are working really hard. In next mounths they ll change the game to a MMORPG with massive servers and an endless map with lots of player on it. So buy this game and just try. You can give it back if u dont like it. I bet u wont ;) Feel free to add me and u can ask anything u want. I'll try to help as much as can."
76561198119366846,Recommended,290080,25952828,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,XxGIORGIOxX,a really good realistic game (atleast in good roleplaying servers) its hard for u to be alone in the game so a tip for yall new join a guild or be 3 or over i joined a small guild named frostwolfs while i trained there and got my skills up i felt i needed to make my own guild so i left and made a my own guild by the name of Northern Vikings its fun and really good for ppl that love roleplaying (if ur intrested of joining talk to me in steam) well anyways ive played 100 hours and its pretty good through my opinion
76561198157155462,Recommended,290080,34909772,Posted: 12 September,all,World pandemic,Worth it.
76561198076400849,Recommended,290080,30180960,Posted: 25 February,all,demonloki,great game already bought 4 copies to give to friends defo recommend this game
76561198027149665,Recommended,290080,30175204,Posted: 25 February,all,darkrahmir,Well i really love the YO version of the game not sure about the upcoming MMO however. i think it will be to much like Mortal Online in many respects.
76561198234335292,Recommended,290080,30639835,Posted: 20 March,all,DoinkerDave,"For my English speakers; this game is amazing I would totally recommend it for anyone. World is always changing!/:/ Für meine deutschen Redner; Dieses Spiel ist erstaunlich, ich würde es für jeden empfehlen. Die Welt verändert sich immer!"
,Recommended,290080,22397270,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,CharlesShaw,"Plus some field monsters, the survival will be more interesting, is no longer boring PVP"
76561198049481820,Recommended,290080,22619722,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,werdety,Good game!
,Recommended,290080,25732834,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,TheNebulai,"This game will lure you in and take away all of your free time...in a good way.Has a fantastic community of people, usually very welcoming (Depending on the server) and with friends can be a great co-op experience."
,Not Recommended,290080,33653226,Posted: 19 July,all,Genpredator,"This game has so much potential to be awesome.  And yes, I understand it is ""still under development"" (which it has been for nearly 2 years with little change).  The flaws are glaring though, and basic things that needed to be fixed from the beginning are still prevailant.  While none of my friends play this game, I could definitely see the benefits of teamwork, but many of the issues I have experienced have absolutely nothing to do with that aspect of the game.Let me just be short with this.  You'll have fun with this game until you actually start using forges, campfires kilns, etc.  You will sink countless hours into honing your skills, and gathering materials until you finally have the equipment to actually use that ore, and you will use it, and you will watch that campfire that has 11600 durability drop to 50 durability 3 uses and 10 fish later.  Or that kiln after an afternoon of use.  Or that forge after about 20 minutes of use.  And you'll be like me where you'll be like, ""well♥♥♥♥♥♥ let me try to fix it.""  And you will realize you cant repair it because you don't have enough nails to make the repair kits.  And it takes a LOT of repair kits to fix a forge.  You'll realize that it is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t waste of time, and go back to playing Wurm."
76561198065972960,Not Recommended,290080,12307062,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Imperator1125,should not have aquired
76561198117232270,Not Recommended,290080,12326127,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Joelimme,"i like this game actually, but it's too buggy for me. i can't create my own world, so i join other's. when i would like to change other server and go'in to delete old one, its keep WAITING FOR SERVER..I can't log out, close and hav to force restart my pc"
76561198007103070,Not Recommended,290080,12379574,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Hessian,Early access or Alpha is all you will hear if you have anything constructive critism to say about this game. Which is fine but the criticisms people are speaking of are rather large and ignored or censored by the community.If you like doing the same thing over and over again to just start over again this is the game for you. For the current $40 price tag it is too much for the state of this game. Sadly once it becomes a MMO it will probably be a huge grind fest with a character probably skill capped really low. So people buy another character so they can chop wood and do another role.Really want to like the game and have tried but in the current state it was a waste of $40 for 18 hours of play before my gpu disappeared due to a patch. Besides the fact you can spend hours ingame and someone just closes their server and you get to start all over again. Or the server is up but you are forced to spend your time trying to find it again in the list of hundreds of servers.
,Not Recommended,290080,13585613,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,ToadStoned,"Not in its current state. Mind that the graphics are ok, but the animation and the character control really needs some work."
76561197968023860,Not Recommended,290080,13586779,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Nucking Futz,"Hokay, I try a lot of new games and pre-release. I have 2 similar games in pre-release: Planet Explorers and 7 Days to Die and both of them have 50x better User Interface. In this game I have to tab literally everytime I want to preform an action, do anything, move, eat, mine or even scratch myself. Then, when im trying to get something accomplished, the menu options are all over the place and I can only see certain ones at certain times with no indicator why. When I finally do get something into my overly small inventory, it doesn't auto stack or auto locate. Then, since the back drop is active, it moves the inventory window instead of the item if you aren't 100% accurate with your click. Not only that, I can't break up stacks, or store anything.  As for inventory space, it fills up really fast and takes high techtry just to build a chest to store anything in.  I sat there for 6hrs trying reaaaaaly hard to get used to this game on the fastest settings I could make (30 minutes of that time was spent watching videos) and I still couldn't get iron ingots.  I could only imagine it taking 25+ hours to even put a decent building down on the normal setting.  Not to mention as it stands atm, the game takes 10 minutes to load. I have a dual quad core i7, 750ti, and 12 gigs of ram and it literally takes 10 minutes to load. So when it errors out and I have to reload, I might as well go make a sandwhich.  I know its pre-release, but in its current form it doesn't compete with other sandbox crafting games that I enjoy in their pre-release such as the two I mentioned previously.That rant simplified:1. Redo the UI so its user friendly and get rid of the ""tab"" that requires toggling between crafting and motion2. Increase inventory sizes or decrease weights and allow seperation of stacks3. Take some notes from other crafting systems on build orders and combining techtry to make it user friendly4. Increase response of the terrain so people can build in a decent amount of timeGame as is: 3 out of 10. The Sand box is poor, UI was designed by robots, Runs like horribly, graphics lag bad for how low quality they are, very little to no AI interaction (men storming the castle, story line or anything of the sort) so its a game based solely on sandboxing witch takes way too long.  The 3 points they get is: crafting is cool, sand box is cool, it has potential to be an ok game with a lot of work... and castles are awesome."
76561198055516680,Not Recommended,290080,13655021,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Vash,"This game looked so great but in fact it is not great at all. I understand the fun in working for the in game goals, I just dont have 6 hours to make a small tunnel or catch a fish for food. The game should be called Life is more fun."
76561198037634122,Recommended,290080,13714565,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Dj.K,DO NOT EVER BUY EARLY ACCESS GAMES EVER AGIAN!
76561197983680293,Not Recommended,290080,13812544,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Booker,Not worth it.Game is misleading.What is this and MMO or not.No its not.
,Not Recommended,290080,13838016,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Setari,"Life is Feudal: Your Own is not the way a PvE or PvP survival game should be run or pulled off in any way, at least in some aspects. I realize this is an early access review, but the decisions the devs made here are ridiculous.My constant gripe about this game is that you can't make containers to store things in the beginning of the game. You should be able to make, as someone in my Steam forum thread pointed out, maybe wicker baskets out of plant fiber or something like that. Your staple materials at the beginning of the game are pretty much plant fiber and sticks off of trees, until you make primitive tools and start moving up. However, your moving up efforts are hampered because you can't carry anything. You can carry up to roughly maybe two times your designated weight to carry and then that's it. Now, this sounds like a lot but in reality, it's really not, as you'd soon learn if you played. This is why containers at the beginning of the game are so important, so we don't have to drop everything on the ground and risk it despawning, and I would LIKE to be able to lock them or to be able to implement custom locks, but I just want some containers.^AND FURNACES DO NOT CUT IT. 100 stones worth of items does not a good container make.Another thing I do not like about this game is the difference between items, and ores + dirt (clay, forest soil, etc). This game makes it so you can't ""store"" ore or dirt like a usual item. Why? Why do you have to make that difference? For all we know it's in a sack in our bag, waiting to be dropped instead of ""poured out on the ground"" like how it is in the game now. Just more hassle for people. Get rid of it.The one thing you need to progress in the game is ore. Unfortunately for most people, this isn't an achievable thing unless you're playing with a large group of people that is taking the time to dig holes. Holes take many minutes to make, and honestly from my experience on a multiplayer server, probably anywhere from 10-15 minutes for one hole. You have to make a hole to get ore, but you may not find any ore on your first hole. You may not find any in your second or tenth, and by that time you pretty much have a small mine going on with no reward. I get the game is supposed to be time consuming, and that's fine, but I feel like to get up and running it should not be this time consuming. If the devs wanted it like that, fine, I have no quarrel with this. It's just my opinion. (Also, people having trouble with ""mining"" need to remember you can only mine walls. You cannot ""mine"" anything underfoot. In order to get those resources, you have to use the ""terraform"" option. Another bug on the devs' part, as once you're underground, everything should be ""mining"" skill levels.)The Construction skill is the biggest thing this game has to offer, and it is an extremely core game mechanic. Why make it so hard to level up? Yeah, like I want to spam fences everywhere on the map to level up my construction. Give us something that actually is useful to us to level up on at least, and IMO this entire system needs to be redone into something better. It is extremely cumbersome to level right now and that's going to drive people away.My biggest thing with this game is that this game is something that these devs released to make money for developing their MMO. That's it. Literally. That is the stage this game is in, and will always be in. I would not be surprised if the game was in infinite early access forever. Development seems slow to me, and I would much rather recommend a game like 7 Days To Die rather than this game, even with the zombie threats in that game. The devs just slapped this thing together on their MMO engine and called it a day, and are now rolling in cash due to sheeple that buy this game. I am also calling myself a sheeple, because I thought it legitimately looked decent for the most part, but there are a lot of design decisions in the game that have been effed up to any extent you can think of in my opinion. I would not recommend buying this at full price, or for even 30 dollars.I am rating this a DO NOT BUY, because as much as the game keeps me coming back to it to challenge me to progress more, these quality of life problems in the game really, really suck and need to be reviewed and fixed by the devs. I know there are a lot more people playing this game that don't go on forums, so I am speaking for them with these problems.I do not recommend buying this game. It is not worth 40 dollars and it is certainly not worth any sale price unless it's 15 bucks right now. If you want to support the devs, go ahead, but I thought the game was very much farther along than this when I bought it."
,Not Recommended,290080,13977369,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Artix,"Despite what the trailer would have you believe, your enemies do not actually bleed math. 0/10"
,Not Recommended,290080,14152502,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,☆Im Bad☆,Honestly I like the concept of this game. It is a very in depth game with a huge learning curve and lots  of skill. I get it. But everything takes forever to complete and learn and do and move. I played for 2-3 hours and still have no idea what reason I would have to continue playing. There doesnt seem to be any point other than survival and building things.Maybe they will improve it and make it a smoother play.The character creation and skills section is buggy.Not quite what I was led to think it was graphicly either.Combat is very odd and clunky. Movement and skill use is clunky. I felt like I was going to trough the monitor.After every action the mouse unlocks from view mode and you have to press TAB to lock it again. Interesting. I would rather go with the old Right click to lock screen MMO style. Its very inconvienient and all that. I would not recommend this game for anyone without patience.Originality              7/10GamePersonality   8/10Interface/Function 3/10Overall                    4/10I probably will not play again.
76561198113509750,Not Recommended,290080,14607699,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Beowulf Mace,"Really liked it when I could actually play, but too many problems trying to set up a server, even if it was just to play alone."
,Not Recommended,290080,20049264,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Nuk3na,I really tried to like this game. Its not a bad game it just seem's very unfinished. Im not one for writing alot of stuff so here are the pros and cons.PRO'sCrafting is very indepthGreat medival feel to itBase building is nice it has features like terraforming the land aswell as an observe mode to see highs a lows.Very realistic in terms of moving dirt and crafting items in a specific order and so on.Theres probably a lot more to this game that I can think of these are just some pointersCON'sVery buggy still and I have a very good machine.Feels very unpolishedThe UI is annoying sometimes due to it being confusingTo complex at times and will be hard to understand if you dont really really really look into what your doingNot very self explanitoryCombat is clunky and buggy.Hard out fps drops on certain servers when people are terraforming.All in all its a good game but youll need ALOT of pateience with it as its very buggy and an unfinished product. I cant recommend buying this game as its not a finished product.Theres plenty more Medival games out there that are way more polished and up to date than this one but they probably wont be as good with the crafting system as I think this game has done it best. I think this game could have been alittle less grindy considering the servers are managed by there users so basically if there server goes so does your hard work.
76561198119622204,Not Recommended,290080,20184755,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Veriticus,"I'll start by saying this game does not appeal to me, but I'm not disparaging those people who do enjoy it. With that in mind I will explain why I would not recommend this game:1.  There is a steep learning curve with virtually no in-game help features. You must rely totally on the benevolence of your fellow players or go to YouTube and watch videos just to figure out basic functions.2.  There is virtually no explaination of the various skill trees and how to unlock them.3.  There is no real persistent server. You play on player-provided servers and if for some reason they feel like wiping and starting over you've lost all of the time you put in. And trust me, you're going to put in a lot of time because:4.  EVERYTHING takes FOREVER to do. Very basic things like creating tools for you to do anything requires you to break a branch of a tree, gather some flint, and harvest flower fiber. Each attempt takes 10 seconds and you are not guaranteed success. Want to build a campfire and light it? That can take up to 10 minutes of gathering twigs so  you can have the fire reach full fuel. How exciting is harvesting branches? Think standing in front of a tree and clicking it over and over and over and getting one branch at a time.5.  You're hungry constantly. You have to find apples, trap your food, fish (never caught a single fish btw), hunt, or otherwise scavenge food. I would rather be working on figuring out how to build a house...but I can't because I'm hungry and that's going to take hours to stock up. But don't spend too much time because...6.  Other players can come up to your flint-using character, knock you unconscious, and steal everything you just spent hours harvesting. The combat system is clunky and you can be killed quite easily by someone who has been around a while.Honestly, real life is easier than this game. I felt like I should be getting paid to play it. I would rather go to work on Monday than slave away in a virtual world that could be gone tomorrow. If you enjoy playing solotaire for the repetition then you may like this game. It's rote, pretty shallow, and ultimately erasable. Not for me."
76561198029576525,Not Recommended,290080,20282711,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,AyeMagpie,Still clunky. Steep learning curve.Might get better.
76561198113886187,Not Recommended,290080,27384306,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Garett Slayer,never could get it to load a server to start building on.
,Not Recommended,290080,12392472,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,ValiantJared,"This game *will* be great, the dev team communicates and pushes out updates regularly. The core concept is amazing and there is a lot of fun already in the game. HOWEVER I do not reccomend it at this time, it still crashes a ton, many features are not implemented and it is the true definition of ALPHA.There will be crashes, bugs, frustrating♥♥♥♥♥♥ and imbalances. If you are not comfortable with this, do not buy it, wait a few months."
76561198021089990,Not Recommended,290080,12665559,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,xredonex,"Nope, Straight out got ripped on this one.  Quick story about how things may end up for you if you don't land a group that is advanced and has weapons, you will work for 10hrs to get your skills up to a shack (which dosen't lock)  store your stuff and have it stolen when your not on.  Day 2   work for 10 hours gathering and digging and crafting, stuff gets stolen again when your not on because the people that have all the weapons, also came when you weren't on and stoe your stuff.  Does that sound fun, no.  Do you like doing the same thing over and over and over again until you get made because someone stole all your stuff because you have a life outside of the game.  Nope  Until this game gets better content and security options for starter players.  Don't buy you will only be frustrated."
76561197977755899,Not Recommended,290080,13785381,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,zogg,"I was only fortunate enough to get in 7 hours of game play with friends which was a great cooperative experience. Although it took 30 minutes with several attempts to connect to the server!Be warned, the game is VERY grindy, a little too much grind for my liking, you will need friends to co-operatively work together to achieve great things, playing solo is not an option. The learning curve is VERY steep, so you may find yourself watching a lot of you tube clips to learn how to do some very basic functions. You will also need ALOT of time on your hands if you want to progress.My issue: I find myself staring at the “Loading Server screen” sometimes in excess of 20 minutes. After a couple of hours wasted and failing to get into any game to actually play, I have given up. I am not sure if the issue is with the game client or the game server. The issue is certainly not with my computer or my ISP.If you’re fortunate enough to not have experienced not being able to connect to a server to play then good for you. IMO if you can’t connect to a game to even play, then it’s not ready for early release, wait until the game is in a more developed state."
,Not Recommended,290080,20324744,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Synthie Pope,"Awesome game idea. It can keep player bussy all the time, and it's not just infinite slashing of fey dragons, but there is so many things which become even worse after each update:-awful, terrible, horrific, unacceptable battle mechanics(especially throwing weapons);-morning lags;-you can broke your bones because you are sitting or doing nothing too much;-invisible underground wolves;-immortal animals;and so many other things...How much does it worth? Well, no more than 5 EUR, atleast for now."
76561198051446118,Not Recommended,290080,14121056,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,HELL BENT,all i can say is dont go into the settings and put your reselution down the the ♥♥♥♥♥♥est cause it wont let u see the menu bar again to change it and then pretty well cant play the game f****ng bull s**t
76561198045870561,Not Recommended,290080,12358032,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,KrisTheImpaler,"im just disapointed. with a very good pc set up most places frames will drop below 20. it feels like im just filling out paperwork you have to grind so much. not worth the money or time. not to mention the mechanics are terrible. if you want this game go get wurm online its this game, free, and better. if you consider polishing poop better."
,Not Recommended,290080,12364215,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Frank Booth,This game is way too grindy. Building skills takes a very long time and combat is horrible. I suppose this game has a special place for people that only want to play one game for every moment of their waking life so they can acheive something that is really mediocre. I know this is still a work in progress but it really needs to be rebalanced before I will play it again.
,Not Recommended,290080,14225322,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Amatsuki,"Game seems small is said to support 64 players/server but the land mass provided is only 3kmx3km with this size if server had full 64 player there'd be no room to work or grow. Developer seems to be funneling all profits from this game to their MMO project with ""maintenance mode"" patches only for this game; would advise against purchasing this game until the devs decide to provide a proper polished game for their customers. This game would be at best a 2/10 for available content, 1.5/10 for available environment for players to use in a server and a 3/10 for Server Admin tool customization."
76561198055179842,Not Recommended,290080,12380040,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Diogenes,"I love the idea behind the game but its too tedious, the amount of time it takes to flatten a small patch of land is too long and you spend most of the time just sitting there clicking flatten land for hours on end."
,Not Recommended,290080,14275233,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Joncorley88,well devs you need to figure out a way for us paying customers to play the game longer than ten mins before it stops working and all the loading OMG steam says ive played for over 2 hrs but dang 1 hr 50 mins of it was all loading come on i didnt pay 40 dollars to just sit and watch a loading screen and one other thing where is the single player without loading a server come on there has to be something to play
76561197961590554,Recommended,290080,16178248,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Stian,Terraforming is strangely satisfying.
76561197977892146,Not Recommended,290080,14732964,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,M6Hurricane,"Not until they fix the load times. When I have to consider ""is sitting through the load time worth the amount of free tim eI have,"" the game is no longer appealing.If you like intricate sandbox games, it's pretty good.However, this is well into the ""lemme hit start on Game is Futile and then start making dinner because this is 1995 all over again."" It takes a straight-g minimum of 5 minutes of looking at the same image of horses walking to a village before you're in-game softly punching trees. This is not a horsepower issue (although that is absolutely not the case here), you can see the loading console hang at various points.Overall, game seems like it could be fun. Waiting for load times is definitely not."
,Not Recommended,290080,20706919,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Air Man,"Awful, just awful. Game should not qualify as ""Early Access"" let alone a full priced release. Looks and plays like garbage. Buggy as all hell. LiF is a ripoff on par with DayZ."
,Not Recommended,290080,16225779,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Mista Moshi,"Life is Futile is not a good game. I'm a black man and I feel like I was playing a slave simulator. Working fields and carrying logs on my back, This is not what my ancestors wanted for me. On a serious note this game is for people who flip their underwear over and wear it twice. Just people who don't do anything but play this game.Pros- NoneCons- Developers barely work on the game,Hurts my ancestors feelings, Takes WAAAAAY too damn long to build stuff even on fast servers and everyone is still building the first castle."
76561198046685576,Not Recommended,290080,14071595,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Dandelion,"This game is makes the most simple task unnecessarily complicated and quite frankly tedious. I know it is in alpha but still. It's a grindy pooptrain heading for a toilet. There is very little to do right now. Might be worth checking out in a year... Then again... It might not be worth brown even then.ALOT of your time will be spent waiting for a bar to reach completion since all tasks take a long time to finish...This game would benefit from an autowalk button. Carrying logs takes tiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiime.If you (against my advice) buy this game have a book or another form of entertainment ready, so you have something to do whilst waiting. For you will be waiting!Also SUPER expensive."
,Recommended,290080,16202661,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,The Irish Ace,Great game overall well worth the money me and some stranger made the thives guild made a super small base looted the server and its lords for days without them knowing. Get caught and got murderd10/10 IGNNN
,Not Recommended,290080,17128987,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Hektor,"This game is so broke so often it's amazing anyone even has faith with them still. You'll spend hours making a fort or a settlement, HOURS. Hours of your free time that are frankly better suited doing something else with. Then the server will crash, the client will stop working, entire servers will just friggin' empty. Hell, you can't even exit back to the menu still. How hard is that to friggin accomplish? I know, its hard to actually work on your game when you're too busy going to conventions waving swords around like you're doing something impressive."
,Not Recommended,290080,17235757,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Boylonian,"The problem with this game is that in order to be able to get anywhere and do anything in it, you have to spend a massive amount of initial investment time. There is not 'Creative' mode. You cannot just sit down and start building massive structures in it. You have to invest a significant amount of time in a single world to do... well anything.I am not outright calling this a bad game. If you have that kind of time to make that investment, I suspect this could be a really good game. Unfortunately for many people out there, who have many other commitments on their time, investing hundreds of hours what is basically prep work in order to reach a point you can really start doing things within the game is just not possible.This game seems like it has possibilities and it might even realize many of them. However it is definitely not for anyone who is not willing or able to invest hundreds of hours in this one game just to get a world build to a point you can actually start doing things in it."
76561197977016891,Recommended,290080,19132967,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Rolff,"If you dont have the game! Get the game! So much to do, so little time ! :D"
76561198002122976,Not Recommended,290080,16214603,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,albalma,"Unplayable, no content, no guidance, save yourself some grief."
76561198027679556,Not Recommended,290080,35319362,Posted: 29 September,all,Shing Lo,This game sucks worse than it has ever been!
,Not Recommended,290080,15552152,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,smokescreen,"This game should have more negative reviews, so I will write one.There are no berry bushes. There are no flint rocks lying around. There are no fish in the water. There is no tap root on the ground. There is no animal that walks around, yet somehow they can still end up in your snare. The entire game is spent aiming at blank looking tiles, using skills like ""look for food"", ""catch a fish"", or ""find a flint stone"", and hoping that you will get one. There is no way to visually see where any of these things are. The entire game world feels empty and desolate, because you cannot actually see any of the things that you are going to have to go gather. For example, you can gather the berries from anywhere, so there isn't even incentive to find a location that has say... many berry bushes, because the berries come from searching any grass tile.Basically, you are running around an empty world, and you are expected to imagine all the things that you are interacting with. Someone called it a progress bar simulator, and that is pretty accurate. I guess while the progress bars go by slowly you are supposed to imagine the thing you are interacting with. Like imagine my guy wondering if there are some berry bushes over here, and then when he finds some I can imagine that some are sitting there on the tile. I'm glad the trees at least made it into the visible world, because that would be funny if you had to go around trying to cut down trees, and you couldn't even see them. Its really not that far away from that.oh... and a 45 minute load time? hahahahahahhaha. since when has that become acceptable?"
76561198006911753,Not Recommended,290080,19143034,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Quackerjack,"This 'game' is a disgrace to crowdfunding.The most sloppy coded game I have ever spent money on. You can read more about it in other reviews, no point to repeat it.I think the only reason why people are recommending this game is because of sympathy for the developers and because they judge it like it would still be in pre-release.But it has been officially released yesterday, and taking that into account it is nothing but barefaced to throw it on the market like this.If this would have been released by lets say EA, there would be a major outrage here. This is indie, I know but the scale should be the same for all - they are all taking the same money."
76561197971087926,Not Recommended,290080,19154967,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Hamish,"Complete waste of time! until they make it so i can press create world, then steam invite a friend to play you would be better off setting your pubic hair on fire with napalm, i have requested a refund as this just is not even close ot been up to scratch!Saying all that, once i can press create game and invite friend and have it actually work i would buy even pay double and recommend to anyone shouting its praises form the roof tops, the idea is great the functionality is so bad i am ready to blow up my computer and delete steam and that is just after a day of trying to get a server running watching videos from 2014 that are either wrong or outdated.Fix it and call me back.until then terrible DONT TOUCH"
,Recommended,290080,32031943,Posted: 28 May,all,TheAngryBrit,gud game
,Recommended,290080,12152156,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Tomas the Feel Engine,Peasant simulator 2014.11/10
76561197963932590,Not Recommended,290080,28576561,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Wolffpack,"Just amateurishly made. Massive 90s vibe, and not the good kind."
,Not Recommended,290080,12179082,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,<<<<<<<<<<,"0/10At first the only issue was the game getting extremely low FPS because it could only detect my onboard graphics, now the game doesn't even work at all. When I try make my own server or join a server, it just says ""waiting for server"" forever.Would not recommend this unfinished garbage"
76561197962849564,Not Recommended,290080,12213641,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Splifsend,"for game the barely functions and probably wont be finish for another year yet , i think £25 is a ripoff.. I have had 10 hours of gameplay and done nothing.. i have spend about 5 of those hours trying to connect to servers and never actually had an online game yet.."
76561198079738670,Not Recommended,290080,14978205,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Imperial,"This is quite certain the worst thing I have ever wasted my money on. First off, it does not even start 3/4 of the time. Second, it constantly crashes♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you off once you finally get it working. Third, you can't find servers to play the god damn game, they are all empty. And forth, it takes a ♥♥♥♥ing hour to load up a damned server. If you want to waste time on this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, be my ♥♥♥♥ing guest. But get it when it is cheap and not when it is $40 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars."
,Not Recommended,290080,16820152,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Nauxious,"Where to begin.  This game is exactly like Tree of Life except less players because they're stretched over tons of servers run by other players.  But don't expect to start your own server right away, you will need to look up how to create a LiF server and even then it may not work.After playing the game for a bit I kept thinking it would get better and dreamed of a mighty tower to stand atop and survey and landscape; but I was greeted by horrendous controls, time consuming efforts to find ore, in ability to construct anything until grinding the construction tree and realizing I wouldn't be able to have a full fledged warrior and a builder.  So it was either wander around the tiny island on empty servers and attempt to kill cows or try to build myself a little area.  After grinding the skills needed to build a shack my brother and I soon realized it is only used as a recall point and not a place to put furniture in; to kick back and watch the sunset through a window.If you were as stoked as I was about this game, give it some time and maybe try it when they finally come out with the MMO style...though I hope they don't use the same tiny island they do in this version, Life is Feudal: Your Own, because it took only a few minutes to run from one side to the other."
,Not Recommended,290080,31985769,Posted: 26 May,all,Big Dicky,"This game is so bad... no explanation needed. Don't buy it, save the $40 for literally anything else and you will be 99999x more satsified with your purchase."
76561198048881688,Not Recommended,290080,16817072,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,GoD_Excalibur,never got this crap to work and my pc is a boss so yah idk what is rong with the game
76561198149567504,Not Recommended,290080,17423948,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,SteveOh,It was a bit buggy at first. They've done a lot of work to the game since then. If you don't mind grinding skills and losing them upon death would recommend.
,Not Recommended,290080,16071878,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Focus,"Pretty bad game. I haven't really tried it since I uninstalled it when I first bought it, but I really didn't like the experience of this game. It was NOT worth the $40 I payed for it. It just takes way too long to get anything done in this game and I'm not a very patient person. I also couldn't run the game at a great framerate. 3/10 -RiNOFocus."
76561198049544311,Not Recommended,290080,26346512,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Lone Star Ranger,This is a virtual reality... not because of how realistic it is but because you won't have a life if you play this... it takes FOREVER to even  build or craft so you spend 24+ hours just grinding to get some decent tools and a little hut... needless to say I NEVER DID THIS because I love my life and want to keep my life... if you do not have a life then this game is for you.
,Not Recommended,290080,32240426,Posted: 7 June,all,Sozzals,"Too much grind, not enough gameplay."
76561198021852220,Not Recommended,290080,17147627,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,$eXy ArChEr,"To call this a game is an overstatement. A big one.I DO understand that this is early alpha, as the developers call it. But then stop calling it a game? Stop selling it over steam - with a cool video about what is to come - as a 'game'..? It is very close to false advertisement, no matter how much you point out that the 'game' is in early alpha and very unfinished. It is no game at all. not even close.I am not a ""kiddie"" that wants easy games. I played Ultima Online back in 98: Full loot, decay, stat loss, etc.. and I loved it. I was hoping that this would be some of that. and it might be one day. But right now, calling this a game and charging 30EUR is only second to robbery in broad daylight. This is nothing but an environment where you can do mostly nothing. Everything is bugged, nothing works, and its only online to the extent that you can join servers with room for up to 64 players. If you have to create a server yourself, you have to disable all antivirus and protection (!)..I can NOT recommend this right now. Maybe in a year. At least I have the license now, and will check back in 6 or 12 months.. but right now this is close to fraud."
76561198037677776,Not Recommended,290080,21051194,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Jack Jefferson,♥♥♥♥ing incomprehensible game!!!!!!
,Recommended,290080,12156477,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Parruna,If only I could get to pass the main menu.... My mouse seems to be dead / locked... cant click anything. :(
,Not Recommended,290080,14532599,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Assimulo,"The game isn't ready for release yet. Nobody seems to be playing the game. I found the game's controls to be clunky and hard to learn. The user interface looks poor compared to other user interfaces I've encountered. The game runs slowly for me. I don't really want to play this game for leisure. The concept of Life is Feudal sounds great, but the execution isn't complete yet. I certainly hope the game improves by the final release."
,Not Recommended,290080,15507177,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Patarat_zero,"I would love to provide a review.... however, I would have to be able to get into the game and actually play in order to determine whether the game is enjoyable. I cant seem to get past trying to reach a server... and disabling my firewall and antivirus, I have to say, I am not a very big fan of.   I was really looking forward to this game, being a fan of wurm online.  Tell me, did I waste my money?  Where is the refund button?"
76561198012646491,Not Recommended,290080,19760258,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Jessyx,"The game is honestly good for the parts that work.  On the other hand, being in beta for an entire year, then going to full release - this game is just like it is still in beta.  Things that dont work are not being fixed, instead new content (making it snow of all things) is being released soon.  The servers crash from terraforming glitches, there are buildings that dont function at all, yet they are focused on making it snow...  All in all, fun game, but not recommended for a while at least."
,Not Recommended,290080,20288949,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,WTFBBQWNED,I played this game for 17 minutes and crashed 5 times. Then I requested a refund. It is a long bow to draw to call this a 'game'. Would not buy in its current state albeit the concept seems reasonable.
76561198061120150,Not Recommended,290080,25733507,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,a_l7uman+q8,this game its over not ok
76561198043338028,Not Recommended,290080,12218081,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,aswex,dont buy this its shity game
,Not Recommended,290080,12754052,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Axelblake,"Don't buy it, not worth the cash to begin with for a single slot game with nothing to do but grind, even less worth it since your not buying a game with your cash today, your paying for the development of another game, that you wont get unless you buy it seperately, that is if they EVER make it.  Either way, take this moment to say no thanks I'll keep my money."
76561197984265233,Not Recommended,290080,18403056,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,{WB}Sebi,"This software is an atmospheric and immersive grinding experience with no rewards.I really liked to chop down trees after i finally had crafted some proper tools and built a little improvised resting place and a fire beside.So i did the chopping and collecting and landscaping some nice paths just for the fun and after that built a village.It took time, oh yeah.And after it was done and every building was in place the only thing i could do is wondering what the ♥♥♥♥ ive had spend my time and money for.The amount of sorts of buildings are not numerous at all and every building itself just comes in the same form and shape, so you can build a hut but its always the same hut for everyone even if its made of sticks and straw, so it really feels more like placing something in a 3d editor than building it .The way of ""building"" is to first endlessly grind yourself up to the right skillset by doing really numb stuff for hours like picking branches from trees or harvesting grass etc.Then you take your shovel and landscape the tiles the building will be founded on to an even space, therefore you click for""dig"" , dig up some shovels then your ""full"", go to some other place and drop the earh again - shovel - by - shovel - , (implementing a ♥♥♥♥ing handcart you can just turn over, hell why ?) then you go back and fill up again, oh and carefully before that you inspect the tile-heights again so that you dont dig in the wrong spot, you have use an ability and switch the overall view for the tile height to appear, yeah no things easy here.Then you start the ""building"" by placing the foundation.Now you just gather all the stuff together for a loooong time and finally push a button and the building appears.Thats all pretty much you do in this. Additional there is a hilarious combat system which feels clunky and dull and has no sense at all, I watched a naked man with a club kill 8 Soldiers carrying swords and armor.The Island on which you play is way to small to handle the amount of players it would need to bring some life into this.Also theres is no need for more players or even fighting because with a little group youre pretty much self sufficient and can do anything and have any amount of ressources you need..if you have the time.There is nothing you could trade to a another group just because of that.There is no ""game"" in the game.It's just a 3d editor in which you do stupid repeating tasks to unlock a new button to place a premade model in a landscape or do tasks that finally allow you to do that.The devs are ultra slow and didn't even finish basic needs like the ability for players to  destroy or delete a building for over a year now, that particular ability i just read will be ready - in the far future - my♥♥♥♥♥It seems to have potential but the devs don't want or cannot handle this at a regular update pace nor do i see any structure in this whole approach.I think they know it's crap and it won't get better in the near or far future."
76561197971691104,Not Recommended,290080,19820864,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,SunStormer,"If your interested in this game for senseless hardcore long term multiplayer that'll drag on till the end of time, then you'd best try this game.Though if you were like me and were expecting some sort of single player gameplay you will be thoroughly dissapointed, not only does LiF:YO spin around the whole idea that your going to have loads of players joining you ingame, but your expected to put up with annoying lack of functioning tutorials, causing you to spend hours hunting down relaiable information on how the game works. If however your a genius and know how to play this noob unfriendly game then your still going to run into numerous issues such as the problems with structures decaying rapidly (15mins and your camps unusable) then there's also the problem with server lag every 24 hours ingame you get not one but several lag spikes (just hope for your sake your not in combat)Overall I would not recommend this game to anyone with even half a brain as you'll no doubt find this is a multiplayer game only that has been poorly ported from a MMOrpg.And if your like myself trying to get a refund from steam (like blood from a stone I know) don't even bother all you'll get is a automated bot replying 'you've played more than 2hrs' even if your trying to find work arounds we wont even help you..."
,Not Recommended,290080,20052598,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Benjamin,"Good idea poorly done as usual, take a way the grind and i mean unplayble grind it would be ok"
,Not Recommended,290080,19428806,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Apollo,"look, I love this game, and have been following it since alpha. I understand that the game is still in development, but why did you make a release it then? For ♥♥♥♥s sake, I can't play a half an hour with out being interuppted by a freeze, crash, disconnect from server... my PC should be more than capable for this game. Amazing concept, coming together pretty well, but runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ wait to buy, not worth the price at all right now."
76561197986078532,Not Recommended,290080,20383583,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,ZIPPER!,Should've refunded while i can.Spent $40 for a grinding simulator.10/10 will regret again.
,Not Recommended,290080,19392363,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Pirate Baby Squirrel,"Long Review first, short one after.Pros and Cons list after short review.LiF:YO could be an amazing experience, 3/10.This game can be fun with the right people, however after playing it on many different servers, I cannot honestly say they are that common to find!Let's clarify somethings about how I would review a game, and why I would ever give it a negative one; for starters I am a fan of the whole Early Access, I love supporting developers whenever I got a few extra dollars without hurting my wallet too much - This game, I bought last Christmas for my cousin, my friend, and myself to all join up on a server, do whatever it is we do in games, and enjoy it. Now, the fruit of my review begins.There Were Fun TimesWhen things are simple, you enjoy it, you enjoy it without ever knowing why until something more advanced finds you and steals you away. At the time we began, healing was horribly broken, never working - things seemed useless but the menu was beautiful. We sat around and dug holes or flattened the ground. Nothing mattered, the need for hunting or fighting did not cross our minds. Then that was the day we all just.. Stopped.Then There Were Bad OnesSomewhere between stupid fun and idle stalling did we fall off of the bandwagon of ""LiF:YO"", not because we were given something under false pretenses, but because the world, as big and beautiful as it was had been deprived. Animals turned all the way up? Might as well make it ""Fight Eachother 2014 - 15"", there were no animals to kill half of the time, you kill ten and then you wait hours for them to pop back up. You go to YouTube, to watch the videos detailing LiF as an MMO, and come to realize that was ANOTHER game -- not this one. At full price, even now, post-release you will without doubt enjoy the game in its fullest; because no matter what they do, I fear the game is at its peak. You build, and build, and build. Hunting? Only do it to build the stuff you need - you will never find animals much anyway.. I wanted to love this game, I thought I did. Then like I said, I fell off of it, I fell back on my feet andLifereminded me, reminded me of something great..Life is Feudal, too feudal anyway to be playing a game post release that is just as, if not more broken than it was back in Early Access - Oh, the most exquisite thing was the altering of the menues. WONDERFUL! Full-game complete!Tl;DrThis game is great without realizing its full potential. I paid for it, I loved it, I wanted to love it some more. I cannot bring myself to stomach it in its released state, being just a bit prettier, w/ a new HUD. I paid for the potential of great war, and hunting, and combat not only against players. It's not what it promised, not what I wanted.Pros and ConsProsBeautiful setting, wonderful world, a decent sized island.The crafting is a chore, as it should be. Makes the risk and reward factor even better if fighting happened a lot more commonly.There is a variety of choices, and approaches you can make towards things from crafting, to combat, to even hunting and taming.Roleplay-able, and able to be taken casually. A great concept that mends a lot of different players together.Island seems a little too large for the 32 player-cap on most servers, but it just works in the immersion.ConsThe game has NOT changed much since its alpha stages, and it becomes more and more noticable the more you play it / played it.Not enough things to do in a PvE-sense. Not enough animals, not enough threats. (Npc natives were promised awhile ago, still not present).Developers were developing another game entirely, and they marketed that game. (Go check YouTube) That game has more apparently than this one. They then rectified this by promising to work on both. A year later, they released the Alpha of Y.O, into a finished state. It is far from it.I will play the game, only because I spent over 120 dollars, purchasing it three times."
76561198006854613,Not Recommended,290080,22091111,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,itsthexypat,"I was unable to play the game, because it would crash instantly upon startup."
76561198028513039,Recommended,290080,19209614,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,HossDelgado93,Holy crap this game is fun but yall must play with friends or kingsmen!!!!!! Not alone gets old fast......
76561197978949156,Not Recommended,290080,22653184,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Shifters,This game Is the wrost game I've ever played. It explains nothing ingame and when you go to the Wiki its either out of date or wrong. The Combat system is weird and just bad.:UPDATEThere are the dumbest thing I've ever seen in this gameThe alinement is the Dumbest thing I've ever seenThe resurrection Is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid.Endless grinding onlt to have it yeild nothing.
76561198079647978,Recommended,290080,19140702,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,☣ Don Sonny ☣,"wtf i cant even start this game , resiving crash report after i run shortcut :("
,Not Recommended,290080,16817010,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Noodle,"After the longest and most complicated set-up process in human history, I started actually playing and quickly realized just how much this game resembles Wurm Online, so many gameplay elements are similar that it might be worthy of a lawsuit.Not only could I NOT enjoy LiF because I am completely bored of Wurm, LiF is actually inferior to Wurm in every department except the graphics.Don't waste your $40 here, Wurm is already free AND an MMO."
,Not Recommended,290080,26730877,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Tunaah,"Absolutely trash game, recently updated it, got on to have a go and was a bigger dissapointment. They made it so ♥♥♥♥ing trees grow up to 3 weeks, yes 3 ♥♥♥♥ing weeks. Not in game weeks, our weeks, worthless piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game"
,Not Recommended,290080,23730957,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,PALESTINE JE SRBIJA,"I spent 18 hours digging a hole with flint tools on vanilla speed.If you'd rather spend your entire life as a feudal peasant, this game is for youif not, maybe less soit also has♥♥♥♥♥♥devs.many people - ""hey devs fix VOIP pls""devs skillfully retort by adding in a cart and a sitting down animation...touché"
76561198057833044,Recommended,290080,16487994,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,The Management,Bad
,Recommended,290080,16275563,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Aneros,"Fun and addictive game,just make sure you have server admins to speed up every action,otherwise it takes thousands of hours to build stuff."
76561198066428309,Not Recommended,290080,12308392,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,SMOKEY_DA_BEAR,"HAVE HAD REAL PROBLEMS WITH IT, DOESNT LOAD ALOT OF THE TIMES AND THE PLAYER BASE IS UNHELFULL. i WOULD RATE THIS GAME AMONG THE STOMPING LAND."
76561198027307184,Not Recommended,290080,30270046,Posted: 1 March,all,Bonoc,game is far too slowpace
76561198030855735,Not Recommended,290080,24663195,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,cowboyleesan,"I've just purchase this game and was very excited to give it a try.  The tutorial help window does not function at all, meaning that the tutorial tab does nothing and none of the listed contents under the help tab function.  What makes this game truly aweful is some kind of bug which prevents me from placeing a log on the ground.  It stays on my back effectively incapacitating me until I disconnect from the server and log back in.  It does this evertime.  The place button simply makes a funny noise and does nothing.  So this as you might imagine makes the game completely unplayable unless all I want to do is run around in the forest.  Waste of money."
,Not Recommended,290080,12533913,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Graum,"View Dist settings:Small objects: 50 metersLarge objects/homes: 300 metersHuge/Important objects and Fortresses: 500 meters (defualt was 2000)All settings on minimal, extra effects off.Reflections turned off as well as shadows.Total FPS? A wopping 19...So I spent those 19 wisely and trekts across half the island to get to the Mountain! (took me about 13 minutes) I proceeded to climb it and got as high as I could before the collision system told me I was to much of an incline. I jumped... and fell... a long ways. And landed unscathed.Yeah... my system isn't bad, not going to post specs cause I'm to lazy to but I can play most other games that are coming out with minimal to medium and sometimes maxed graphics (all Borderland titles would be an example of maxed graphics) but this game didn't want to break 19 no matter what I did to it. Almost tempted to try it on 10 meter view dist for all distances and see how it likes that :SNow I was playing on my computer and my computer alone, I would imagine that since it runs an internet server in order to play by yourself it is using a lot of resources just to run the generation of the game. The forests will expand, the map can be terraformed, and there are animals on the map... somewhere... I didn't run into any on my way to the mountain. So if your playing Online you could probably see a performance boost. I however do not have gaming grade internet at the moment so I cannot test this for you.This has been yet another slightly informative but mostly rambling review by yours truely, hope it helps you in choosing whether or not your bank needs another withdrawal. I will say this though, the idea behind the game is awesome, I would love to pla it if I could, and I definitely would play it to... but it runs only almost as good as DayZ SA... and DayZ SA runs like crap."
76561198055533326,Not Recommended,290080,14087668,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,F3ar m3,"This is now my third review and the amount of potential this game has is still high on throwing so many survival games in the dumps is staggering but they're not using that potential. I have attempted to enjoy the game but i just... can't! They are attempting to add realsim (and i love realistic games) but there is a limit on how real it should be. One bad thing that should never EVER be realistic is build times because i don't want to spend 45 minutes of my life running around gathering resourses to build a simple mud hut. The next serious problem i find is the story behind getting to the island and surviving. Why? I find an explanation way worse than lack of optimization or a crappy tutorial because they have probably spent a long time developing anamations for the explanation wich won't actually affect anything in game. My biggest peve is the learning path.... no wait the learning wall.... no wait the learning mountain.... no wait the learning gravity repulsion field. Don't get me wrong i am willing to learn some stuff in order to play (like bo3 zombies, space engineers, darksouls,Warframe) but honestly it took me almost an hour and a half to find out how to build a small hut and it's not because i am mentaly incapable of doing so it's just that the game throws you in and you get a 4 paragraph ""tutorial"" wich doesn't really tell you how to do anything. The game is like a Horny, handsome,teenage, football star. It looks great and has a sense of awesomeness just you can't actually do much with it. I'd love to see this game grow but at the moment im seeing thousands of papers with potential written on it being thrown into a paper shredder."
76561198038195098,Not Recommended,290080,14355555,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Wolfcunt,What a ♥♥♥♥ing waste of money holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I'd rather spend 5 million to shove a mountain of oprah's used tampons up my♥♥♥♥♥than play this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥holy ♥♥♥♥ it's bad stay the ♥♥♥♥ away
76561198054673494,Not Recommended,290080,15527496,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,samlmeyer,This game is broken. I know its alfa but its not even playable. Do not get this game untill they have released the full version.
76561198137026665,Not Recommended,290080,15552145,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,"Blackheart, The Psycho Clown","Actually liked this game for bout 20 mins, but still decided to keep trying. After an hour or so I just gave up. Game is too confusing, too time consuming, not really any fun. Maybe if you played with friends or something but, it couldnt be that much of improvement."
76561198008679287,Not Recommended,290080,12945501,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Plisken,I loved the game until the patch today 11-14-14.  Not very well thought out for players to react to losing everything they have worked so hard to hide from bandits and build up.  Goodbye for now!
,Not Recommended,290080,16196439,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,GrUnGe_hEaD,I do not reccomend this game because it says singleplayer but you still need to be online to create a singleplayer server!No offline playPlus i've never got on another server infinite loading screen waited 5 minsDo not buy!game doesn't even work at this stage.
76561198062210407,Not Recommended,290080,16232995,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Squanjo,sucks
,Not Recommended,290080,19668206,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Styx,Get banned by admin simulator Wait for mmo.
,Not Recommended,290080,20028693,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,ZhugeKongming,"This game claims to be a medieval sim type game with a realistic and robust crafting system but this really isn't true.  In this case realistic = extremely tedious.  Want to make a simple tool?  Break off a brance x4, look on the ground for a sharp rock x3, collect some grass x5...Want to make a simple hovel?  Spend 30 minutes leveling the ground just so you can build it.  The graphics are unremarkable.  The engine itself isn't stable enough to even run smoothly.  Expect a crappy FPS rate and frequent crashes.  The user interface is horrible, I guess they thought that going for a simplistic bare-bone style of UI would help immersion but all it does is constantly remind you how terribly it's designed.  Even half-off the $40 price is an exteme rip-off for this alpha quality crashware.Purchase at your peril."
,Recommended,290080,12166684,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Savvy,>Spent 5 Hours digging into a mountain>Got some rocks>Got Hungry>Had to eat starter cookies>Still hungry>Fished for 2 hours>Caught one fish>Spent 1 hour making a fire>Cooked my fish>Game deleted my fish after cooking because i didnt have the correct tool>Died10/10 would play again.
76561198091681885,Not Recommended,290080,13328306,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,The Soviet Gutter Cat,"Initially when I purchased this game I was extremely excited to contribute to its development. After reading reviews, watching gameplay and thoroughly reading the steam page, it was exactly what I was after in an early access. I in fact had heard about this game a couple of years ago, yet it was a closed community test.At the moment I feel like I have been dealt a sleight of hand, I had presumed I was donating to Alpha test a game which was to be developed into the future, that is now obviously not the case. What I feel like, is that I have given my money to develope another ""different"" game.Different is in quotations because it is in fact not. LIF:YO and the MMO are one in the same, they should be the same and I feel it extremely deceptive for the developers to have conducted themselves this way.It is blatantly obvious now that prior to releasing YO their sole mission was to fund the MMO, this was in my opinion not an after thought due to the sucess of YO but their plan from day one. This is not what Green lighting games is about.They say the MMO version will contain 90% of the content that YO holds, so it only makes sense for them to utilise it.They say due to the great response of YO, the MMO can be created after YO is finished.They say a character will be provided to YO purchases for the MMO, so this makes it ok.They say they will complete YO to its entirety and many will enjoy it for what it is.I say to them, if something on the ground looks 90% like a rock, it feels like a rock, it sounds like a rock and you can throw it like a rock, then it's a rock!I want the game I paid for, a game they should be concentrating on, a game where there was no mention of having to buy characters, not a game your closed community always wanted.YO purchases are not your kickstarter or failed indie gogo contributors for the MMO, you are using us to make a game you want. That is not fair in any respect and has ruined my experience with this game.As much as I enjoy LIF:YO this foul taste will not leave my mouth, I have now convinced friends not to buy it which I initially told to do so and am putting it aside until developers come to the realisation, that they should be making YO into the fully fledged game not creating a new one."
,Recommended,290080,16244203,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Exterminatus ✝†✝,Its amazing!!!!!!! has so much to grow into one of the best medieval simulation games by far.
,Not Recommended,290080,19981902,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,BadNetCode,They really managed to take all of the fun out of open world multiplayer.
,Not Recommended,290080,20303377,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Bongo,This entire game looks and feels like a placeholder. Very disappointing.
76561198119594006,Not Recommended,290080,15041306,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,jessyka,"I had no clue I couldnt play locally on my compuer but instead have to either join a server on someone else computer to create my own. Big Disappointment. I dont feel like trouble shooting my own server, although I have for minecraft, but this is a pain in the butt. Game seemed really cool but the fact that I cant play locally sucks. Dont buy unless you want to log onto an unsecure strangers coputer server. Huge mistake and a waste."
76561197990902338,Not Recommended,290080,16232387,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Mr.Curlim,"nao compre esse jogo !! quando comprei gastei $80 (foi o dinheiro mais mal gasto da minha vida como gamer)nao tem servers brasileiro, alias !! nao tem quase servers com muitas pessoas !! o jogo tem um grande potencial mas infelizmente e uma♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!!"
,Not Recommended,290080,20798878,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,ODB-418 'Foehammer',I died 100 times trying to cut grass.I died 200 times trying to cut trees.10/10 would die in the wilderness
,Not Recommended,290080,20673991,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,CornDog,"This game might be half decent. If they had any concept of user experiance and interaction design. Short story, avoid this game. Its pretty, it has potential. It has a really neat combat system. but its not playable because of how terrible the interface is. It took me and my friend an hour just to figure out how to use the stupid sling. All the while 3 hawks drove us insane with their screetching over and over again using the same audio.Avoid this game. really."
76561198045429739,Not Recommended,290080,15967093,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Sulli,Grasspunching Simulator since release.you need atleast 5 Players that play withyou activlyDont Buy it
76561198032188875,Not Recommended,290080,16231658,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,stevealafogg,"Alot of issues with this game. can't delete constructions, spawn in trees, areas of the map have holes and you can see through to oblivion, the sun can still be at night through the ocean. i picked up a log to build a house and could not put it down. its not possible to exit the game you have to minimize the game and force quit the game via the task menu. alot a lot of issues with the game not worth 40$ and should have a big disclaimer about how much is wrong with the game"
,Not Recommended,290080,21489105,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,GENERIC_PLAYER,AFTER wasting many hours playing. i lost my Hud and chat box and feedback boxes. and i cant recover them. no help online.
,Not Recommended,290080,31370450,Posted: 25 April,all,Inflamous,"So bad I had to get a refund. Loading times are awful, graphics are dull, gameplay is tedious."
76561198012762464,Recommended,290080,26684491,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Smoke,"Not a bad game, just needs to come out already"
,Not Recommended,290080,24384266,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,comdude2,"It seems like a great game when you get in, it seems to be everything I want except there are a few problems1) It is incredibly hard to pick up on, the tutorials seem slightly outdated and it's not very obvious what you should do to start off, the tutorial won't let you continue playing with it open meaning you have to close the tutorial and do what it said to do in order to progress in it, which is kind of annoying when you can't have the instructions on the screen, meaning you have to keep reopening it.2) This is not a game for one person, while this isn't a negative thing per se, the problem it that when you don't know what to do unless you find someone you know willing to play the game (not likely when they see mixed reviews) it means you have to find someone on a server that knows what they're doing willing to take you in, which when they need to teach you everything is unlikely to happen.I really want to recommend this game but at it's current state and the fact that I still can't understand how to do rudementary things such as construct the first shelter, I can't justify recommending it, will update this if i can wrap my head around it."
,Recommended,290080,31613516,Posted: 7 May,all,funkymunk989,the best game out i love itenough said
,Not Recommended,290080,33164144,Posted: 2 July,all,DarthMenno,couldn't get past how bad the mechanics are in this game. It needs to be more fluid yet somehow still have all the options. It's a nice start. Mix the very basic mechanics of rust with this please.
76561198044543027,Recommended,290080,12458514,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,-TST-HayKitty,"I do love the game, the machanics, the realizm, the dangers of wild life, and player vs player combat. But I wish the creators could make a much bigger map that can support a large number of people like 64. The small map is good and all for you and your friends to play together, but for pvp clan wars on a small island. It would be a bit hecktic for those that just join. Being attacked off the bat isnt one person's ideal setting for survival. If the map was 3 times or 4 times bigger I would love to participate in playing on a larger map than the small island one."
76561198084183106,Not Recommended,290080,13014757,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,浅草kid,"What is wrong with this game? i mean, bug is accepteble but if you cannot even click the accept button for terms and conditions?please i just buy the game but i cannot even get in!!!!i ve never met such kind of situiation before!wondering if anyone can help meIt just stuck in the Terms & Condition!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198083388125,Not Recommended,290080,13206205,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,DSA_BrownRubberSafetyPants,This game is so painfully slow and uneventfull I've had more fun squeezing the puss out of my infected hemorrhoids
,Not Recommended,290080,13581092,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Zaldron,"Update 2017: Devs are garbage and this game is garbage.UPDATE: Still garbage.This game was not what I expected it to be. Horrible grind. Dont mention refunds to the gods here, they WILL smite you... If you want to play a good alpha, play Reign of Kings instead."
76561198020527549,Not Recommended,290080,13785264,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,MasterMind,"Very often do i rate games negatively, but for this one it was a borderline 49/51. The game is fun, very interactive, and can be enjoyable, if you have a large group of people with you that are working together for long periods of time. Alone, its nearly impossible to build anything. It takes several real time hours to build the starter hut, and anything more advanced than that takes far longer.Its a fun game, but if you dont have a group of 15 people to build everything with you, and cover all the different in game specializations, you would be far better off playing 7 days to die, or pretty much any other voxel based game where the time and ability constraints are not nearly as heavy."
,Not Recommended,290080,14699216,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,JudgementsKiss,for the money they are asking the game is simply not worth it.
76561198117731643,Not Recommended,290080,15104090,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,benvaneyk,"DO NOT BUYThere is a massive problem with this game i bought it thinking it would be great fun to playi then wait the 30 minutes to installit finishes i press playi get a errori search the web for a couple of hours trying to find out how to fix itNOTHINGnobody knowsdont buy this till they fix ityour better off gathering all your money in a pile and burning itat least that will keep you warm........................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..Thanks for stealing my money"
76561198009399237,Not Recommended,290080,15151391,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Feralsoul,This game has good combat mechanics and crafting/building and the fact you can terraform anywhere is awesome however it is stated to be an rpg and im yet to see anything even close to an rpg element in the game there is no story line at all
76561198082836883,Not Recommended,290080,15163151,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Kaligula,"dont buy until they fix. bug to log out and in with out deleting . all your progress .     bugs on game are okay but, after running script game it self crash  on exit and bug files to enter .  and seems is ot a priority to fix  this."
76561197970724842,Not Recommended,290080,15245891,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,A.Park,"Really not happy with my purchase, and I think I have a high tolerance for decent games.I understood well that the game is in Alpha when I bought it, and thought I'd be able to have some fun just building things despite the gaps. Other than being able to terraform land and plop down walls, there is really no room for creativity. I've gotten as far as skilling up to forge out metals as materials, but the game demands so much more in development before one would begin to build structures.There are minimal goals to achieve that are built into the game. The closest ones are the Steam achievements, but it's limited to just getting leveled up on each of the dozens of available skills. Getting the ability to build structures might be feats, but their rewards are fleeting only in personal emotion. There are no quests to solve.This game is not playable in single-player sandboxing. Doing everything yourself is very time-consuming. There are no NPCs to interact with for combat or questing purposes.I haven't tried multiplayer, but having been burned in games like Rust, I've read very similar experiences in this one. I had no intention of spending hours to get my work stolen or broken in seconds.This game in its curent state is just not worth $40. Progress on game development is way too slow for what I felt I paid for. To me, their promise of a discount for their ""MMO"" version when released doesn't justify the high cost. I imagine players will get bored of it quickly before the discount 'materializes'. Either wait until this is on sale for a deep discount, or stay away. If they keep the price, I hope they fail."
76561197986629379,Not Recommended,290080,15504645,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Vali,"I cant recommend it. There are tons of ""first person"" builders out there and this one didnt impresse me"
76561197966594651,Not Recommended,290080,20278248,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,GrogBro,"it's a neat game, but...- no npc enemies, besides animals- most of the building and crafting is way too complex- the menus sometimes are a bit glitchy- you dive in the water a bit and die almost immediatelyI enjoyed it but I would have liked to refund it at this point. It gets pretty boring as you go on and make things. No real enemies besides bears and wolves that you see when you least expect it. Very neat concept and it is in alpha/beta so hopefully it gets better."
76561198055544599,Not Recommended,290080,20416306,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,John Fuckston,This life is boring: not your own
76561198027587305,Not Recommended,290080,16254288,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,VSLeader,This game was a money grab. They took our money and ran. Sent it out as an early access game and never touched it again and left it half finished. DO NOT buy this game unless you like being taken for a sucker. Shame we can't refund this and drain their funding now.
,Not Recommended,290080,20098235,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Baron Cardenas III,Not optomized and all the good servers are very hard to get onto. Would suggest playing with a group of friends and wait till it has been optimized.
,Not Recommended,290080,12342778,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,DoctorGnome,"OK this is Early acces but, this is more of a pre-alph, most of the game doesn't work. I crash every 5 min or so (your exprience may vary). DO NOT BUY, BUY ONLY IF YOU THINK THE IDEA IS GOOD AND WANT TO SUPPORT THE GAME. I think this is way to early to be released."
76561197963229655,Recommended,290080,12460758,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Bergynion,Hi
76561198006688991,Not Recommended,290080,13953028,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,dsamarin11,Bought the game never ransent in erroro reportno responsenever ranthe enddont waste your money on a game that wont run.
76561198050803994,Not Recommended,290080,13577154,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Vanders_91,"So I downlaoded this with high hopes aaaaaand I cant get past the ""loading world"" screen....great! Might be worth waiting before buying this"
76561198130922879,Not Recommended,290080,14728036,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,TriggerHappy4U,BROKEN GARBAGE
76561198063174943,Not Recommended,290080,15163934,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,3Diosua,"40$^ for an Early Access? First let me tell you that this game requires hardcore time dedication, it's a quick get some good gear and you're well off. It take weeks and hours of just sitting around and waiting for production and skills to level up. I would also suggest you hold your money for now and wait until it's out of ""early access"" and see what it becomes. It's been ""early access"" for quiete a while now."
76561198050166846,Not Recommended,290080,15164903,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Marcus Aurelious,"it wont open or crash often sad.... =( , maybe later when the bugs are worked... also no help was given except from players in the forum but the people who made the game won't really care or doesn't know how to solve some of the drain problems. it looked like a great game  and the concept is fantastic but  it is early  still ....  i have the game but i won't play it and rather trade it for another game."
,Not Recommended,290080,20297694,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Legate Manius,"I wish I could recomend this game, but since the game refuses to even allow a world instance to start and no one has any info to help fix it I will likely never recomend this game."
,Not Recommended,290080,13581040,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Europe 2060: Neo Zimbabwe,"Awesome game, the community ruins it. Pvp servers with lists of rules 8 pages long (ask admin for minerals mines are disabled, tunnels are disabled, ask admin if you can raid a castle, ask admin for advanced minerals only after you have walls up etc etc)Tunnel under walls - banned, take someones castle or hut - banned, destroy their equipment to prevent them from building new weapons and assaulting you - banned for ""pointless griefing""Ask how youre supposed to pvp when the only legit method of entering closed walls is banned and get banned just for bringing it up.""Theres tons of servers!"" people will tell you. Theres 8. The servers have a 64 player cap for playing at once, only 8 of them have a reasonable amount of active players, the others are all under 10 or 15 active at once which is tiny compared to the large ones.There are no servers with large populations that dont have fun destroying restrictive rules (and bad latency). It ends up being a peasant simulator for people who didnt grow up in feudal times but still want to be oppressed by a higher power (15 year old server admins)Awesome game, terrible community who should not be playing it. Do not buy, unless you are a carebear who likes spending a month with a bunch of newbies slashing your armor to gain stat points to defend from people who arent allowed to attack you. Bans come instantly, all your time may be wasted.""He only has 6 hours in the game! what can he know!""  6 hours of building up to be an effective thief/reseller of goods only to find out I literally couldnt steal from anyone who made a 10x10 set of walls. By find out I mean excluded from multiple peoples towns for talking about organized castle attacks for fun (announced through chat) and then banned by the admin.Im going to keep playing because I know I can get more out of my money.. but if I could go back in time to earlier today I would have saved and picked up DayZ or Assetto Corsa or anything else. The MMO will be even worse, it always is, everything always progresses towards casual garbage these days... even a game where making a mine takes all day and a month to build a castle, somehow, the millenials have made it casual."
,Not Recommended,290080,22240486,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Erimak,This game is not for the PVP players but for the players who want to agree mutually upon raiding eachother.
76561198000774782,Recommended,290080,16237222,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,[VADN] Ocarin,Short Review:if you are alone and not rly interested in other groups (or just cant speak well) then dont buy itwhen you have a group of friends or maybe you are that sort of human that finds friends pretty fast in the internet then you must buy it
,Not Recommended,290080,14891939,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,El Slotherino,There are more entertaining ways to waste your time.
76561198120591357,Recommended,290080,28633812,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Mr_WOng,i want to play this game but when i try to start it up all i see is a blue and black screen
76561198110148412,Not Recommended,290080,29629172,Posted: 1 February,all,gashbash,"still waiting for the ""mmo"" update to come out."
76561198067807254,Not Recommended,290080,25425840,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Schlunzy Poo,"ABSOLUTELY BULSHIT - NEVER BUY SOMETHING LIKE THIS - CHEATING OF MONEYAGAIN COOL TRAILER AND IN THE GAME U JUST CAN CRAFT SLOWLY SOMETHING AND FINALLY THE FIGHTSENCE ARE NOT VALID, MOSTLY ITS NOBODY ONLINE WHERE U CAN FIND TO SPEAK. ABSOLUTELY BORING.....I WAS PLAY IT 5H BECAUSE I NEVER HAD CONNECTION AND FINALLY THEY WANT NOT GIVE U THE MONEY BACK BECAUSE ITS 3H TO MUCH THAT I ""PLAY""..."
76561198054581384,Not Recommended,290080,20620614,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Mr. Toad,Awful game.
76561197986812069,Not Recommended,290080,20622970,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Zel0t,The Interface makes this game unplayable
,Not Recommended,290080,17425462,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,aaronbrucesharp,"keyboard does not work, i havent been able to play at all. i was able to spawn only to stand there and look around. i could not walk or check inventory. when i go to the controls and try to set my own it does not recognize my keyboard keys properly and fails to work. i have an i7 2,4ghz and 16 gigs of ram. running 8.1. looked online to find solutions and was unable to find anything of worth. cant believe i bought into a game in alpha stages that has been there for so long. i fully  understand the mixed reviews now. dont make the same mistake i did."
76561198102448691,Not Recommended,290080,16819678,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,ARCHIE,"Thia game has the potential to be a great game, but for now it is the ULTIMATE GRIND game. A weekend of playing and I only made some tools, furnace and a kiln. At this rate, a castle and an army seems like a pipe dream.I hope in Beta that they shorten the harvast/ mining time. Standing in front of one tree to get everything takes like 5 minutes."
,Recommended,290080,28647197,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Stephen Paddock,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,290080,29681123,Posted: 3 February,all,SteelPrincess,"While I hadn't played this game very much, it looked promising so I would check back on it regularly, and until this recent update it seemed like a decent game moving in a solid direction.So, I tried the 64 bit update... and the FPS, have literally, become worse than Arma 3. It's great as long as I just stand still and look around, not a hitch, but the moment I move in any direction, I get about 0.5 frames/second-- so, there's definitely some loading issue going on; and I've tried this in the highest settings and the lowest settings, and I get the same thing.However, I still have hope this game will continue to evolve and that it will become playable again on my computer. Until this issue is fixed, the game isn't playable, so I have to move my recommendation to the negative. :/ You may, however, have better luck than I."
,Not Recommended,290080,15276055,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,The Highwayman,Super hard and boaring to actually do anything apart from get killed by wolves time and time again
,Recommended,290080,28224339,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Andrzej Duda,It's a good grind.
,Recommended,290080,16564924,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Daryoush,"Life is Fuedal: Your Own is a game that in my opinion has a lot of potential. It is important to remember that Life is Fuedal is an early access game and isn't totally complete. But from what I have seen it is still good despite not being complete. Sadly my experience with this game hasn't been perfect like one would hope so. Although the roleplay servers can be quite fun at times. However sometimes many parts of the lands are desolate and empty of people despite the land being filled with many homes and the server being half full. Honestly I would recommend this game to other people, however not for its current price tag. If you are into sandboxes that take time to make a decent amount of progress and enjoy roleplaying that can sometimes feel empty then wait and try to get this game for $5. This game is definitely not worth the $20 discounted price that I paid for it. But If you're really interested in it then the most I would pay for it is $10. You could even pay higher and just try it out for 2 hours and less and then return it if you didn't like it.Pros:- Cool RolePlaying servers- Sandbox- Vast world- Option to host a private server- Medieval Times- Great game for just you and a couple friends to have fun inCons:- Low Framerate on some servers- To improve framerate all graphical options had to be dropped to their bare minimum settings on many different servers- Price Tag- Some players in multiplayer servers- Takes a long time to see significant progress- Somewhat Complicated UI and gameplay mechanics"
76561198052765531,Recommended,290080,15990718,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Lord Chameleon,"This game is good.  It can be a little tedious and most things (depending on server) can take weeks to complete.  My guild was able to craft a very nice castle with a castle keep in the middle, but that took about 3 months of ~30 people playing a lot of hours.  There are faster servers where you can unlock all crafts and combats within a day or two, but those aren't fun imho.The game has several issues, and I don't think they will ever be fixed, since they've been there for a long time.  Horses can lag a bit, carts and setting things down can be a little clunky, and combat could use a little more work.  They're not all that bad, but there are noticeable problems with those things.The roleplaying, crafting and building are were this game shines.  If you like doing those things, then you will probably love this game like me."
,Recommended,290080,13868728,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Will,cabbages
,Recommended,290080,17421031,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Taylor,its mint
76561198067077795,Recommended,290080,25771950,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,overdose1523,great game.  they took huge steps since i last played in the alpha. but the combat could use some tweaks other than that its a great game. and in good shape.
76561198408911016,Recommended,290080,34397258,Posted: 21 August,all,Mad Docter,This game is best ever game that i have played in life
,Recommended,290080,30026908,Posted: 18 February,all,Dicky_Joseph,"Probably the best and most rewarding survival/crafting game out right now. However, its not conducive to singleplayer/or two player co-op. You need a group of 3, but preferably, more to enjoy this game.Here are some pieces of advice for anyone who decides to buy this:- Find a popular server (a popular server most likely has good settings/mods that will make the game more enjoyable)- Join an experienced player or group (shouldn't need to explain this)- When building a base: find an area relatively far from neighbors, and that is wooded heavily. I would recommend putting up palisade walls as fast as possible and then focus on the monument. Don't worry about the size of the original area inside, you can expand and delete the walls as time goes on. (this is better suited for ""full-loot-on-claim"" otherwise the walls aren't immediately necessary, however most servers have KOS at night, so its nice having walls)- Try to keep good relations between your neighbors (politics are a huge part of the servers on here, large claims will have wars, and the small claims will be caught in the middle; its best to have allies you can call upon when a raiding party decides to make a detour)- Spar with your friends! (eventually you'll have to fight people, its inevitable, so its best to have a little experience beyond beating up the training dummy)- Make trade deals (if you set up on an iron mine, and can make some quality gear, don't be afraid to offer your services in return for another's; trading, even in one or two instances, is a huge advantage and it also bolsters your relationship with the other party)- Be prepared to roleplay (almost every server either requires or strongly advises RPing, most times its required before entering battle of any kind, so get ready to have some awkward conversations)- Get an auto-clicker (even with increased skill gain, you're going to spend a lot of time clicking around and repeating tasks to raise stats)Good luck, and remember: Its slow in the beginning, but once you're established, the game really opens up."
,Not Recommended,290080,33456851,Posted: 11 July,all,CZtheDude,"Extremelytedious game. Great premise but ultimately super boring. I've got almost two hours of playtime, most of it spent loading the game and I've never gotten further than crafting some basic tools before I completely lost interest. Everything in this game takes time, shown by popping up some progress bar and animating your character. Equipping things, searching for branches, searching for plant fibers, even putting a tool in your hand.For example, picking up some plant fibres requires you to walk to a grassy area, press TAB to enter interaction UI, right click the grass, scroll through a popup menu, open sub menu and click ""Look for plant fibers"". Then, based on some RNG chance, you will either find or not find any fibres.It's just too tedious for me."
76561198055358431,Not Recommended,290080,12297950,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Tobis,cant turn cammera to look aroundgraphics are decent thoughif might be more player friendly if the mouse was used to turn the cammera insteadlike in skyrim
,Not Recommended,290080,12354184,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,[DK]Eliasr,"Like minecraft just:Bad animationsBad optimizationRandom crashes (even after memory leak patch)Longer wait time to do anything (well that isn't a bug)It lacks a lot of polishing. luckly, there is a year before their full release"
76561198012146031,Not Recommended,290080,12391059,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Rafael,"Alpha test. The graphics are wonderful, which currently is the only good thing about the game.They have implemented a progress bar on nearly all actions which is really annoying.The skill system is also a bit weird, you have to pick a ""hundred"" sticks before your character can learn how to cut down a tree. I would like the game designers to know that I managed to cut down a Christmas tree with a knife when I was three years old, so why a grown man with an axe cannot manage it in this game is just weird.Likewise you have to dig a large amount of dirt before you can mine, and you have to mine a lot before you learn how to smelt anything. It doesn't make any sense and feels tedious.There are numerous popups. I was killed by a wolf while I was struggling to remove the popup asking me if I wanted to hit the wolf once more :)Wolves and elks hang out in this game, which is a bit odd, but will probably change in the future.I just finished a little mining in this game and if you make a mistake when tunneling you cannot refill it.If you have played Minecraft, then think of all stone in this game as being made of obsidian, it takes forever to mine or build anything. It may have its charm for some people, but for those of us with only an hour or two to play, due to school, work or family this game needs a serious adjustment.Oh I also find it strange that the character can only run 50-100 meters before needing a rest. Most fit people can jog a few km with ease. The stamina bar needs to be increased, you shouldn't run out of breath when sawing a single plank.I cannot recommend this game as it is today, but hope that in a few months time the gameplay will have improved."
76561198094229014,Not Recommended,290080,13408666,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Caesar,problemscant connect to serverlow FPSWhen 1 man fights another the whole server lags for every oneNo custimizationdont get it
76561198089729088,Not Recommended,290080,13718000,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,bloodblade,"The game controle system very bug !!!!!  I can not turn left and turn right !!! until  I will press ""L"" then I can turn left and turn right but next few munite  the ame controle system  very bug agian !!  Repeatedly!!! Repeatedly!!! Repeatedly!!! I am very boring about worst bugPlease Fix !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561197968375459,Not Recommended,290080,14341642,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Joe_Mayo,"life is about the journey not the destination.In LiF the jounrney is not fun, it's long and repetitive with road blocks in every direction. if you have 3+ friends with no jobs or life ready to dedicate themself to this game. it might be fun"
76561198124648258,Not Recommended,290080,14667118,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,FactoryPrototype,"It's a decent game overall however none of the progression is clear at all, you will spend hours on youtube just to learn the basic's of the game, with progression being more linear than player developed EG. you need too rank up 3 skills you dont want before you can build the tools to work towards the skill you do want.The fact that you have to log in once every 24 hours to keep your home is also absurd for the players who play more than one game, given the fact that building a small hut can take up to a day in real time to build mostly from leveling out land. Frankly the game itself is good, but for anyone with interest in other games at all I can't recomend spending the money on this one since any and all progress you make will likely be looted while you log off for the night, or in my case your shift start at work. Great game for the unemployed though."
76561198007642106,Not Recommended,290080,15252957,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,PanamaRed,"This is one of the absolute worse open world/survival/construct games I have EVER played. If you have plenty of real life time to kill and don't mind seeing very little gained from all that time that was burned ... this game is for you.Seriously, I don't see how anybody with any kind of real life can afford to play this game. It's horrible. I consider it a waste of my money and have removed it from my Steam inventory."
76561197996792634,Not Recommended,290080,15300045,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,blairasylum,"Update: So now this is no longer early access...My review has to stay the same. I feel that the devs never addressed any of the issues I or others have had with this game. The load time alone is not worth the price. This game has been nothing but aggrivating and the devs need to be hung by the neck until dead in a public square for all to see. F U Devs, I hope every day of your life is absolutely misereable and your children eat you alive.Original April 2015 reviewWas a really fun game up until about 3 or 4 months ago. A patch then was applied and I haven't been able to get the game to function again. Reported the bugs but no assistance has ever been offered. Once again, appeared to be a very good game but absolutely worthless now. Such a shame as I was very hopeful about this one. I've been getting time outs for a long time and now it's time to give up and uninstall. I understand that paying for prerealese or early access versions is risky but i'm extremely disappointed in this one. Maybe later it will finally be fixed but it isn't looking so good at this time."
76561198074777881,Not Recommended,290080,15301692,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,[TAW]cuebux,"GRINDFEST. This game is a huge grindfest. In its current form I would not recommend the game however in its ""promised"" completed form I have high expectations for the game. I HIGHLY recommend anyone purchasing this game find a good guild to join as completing anything of a larger scale takes 100s of man hours to complete just as it would in real life.It should only be played with a group of people to experience the full scale of the game.I would not recommend a high price tag in its current unfinished form.I would value it at around the $15 mark."
76561198220006396,Not Recommended,290080,15312919,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Karax,"The game itself is not bad, not worth the price until its a little more finished, but not bad. The support however is lackluster at best. I bought the game and played for maybe thirty hours before they updated and with the update I could no longer enter the game. I don't know if this is a wide spread problem or just me and after a week of not being able to get into the game after I reported the problem I don't care anymore. I reccomend not paying for this game until they have ironed out more of the problems and glitches that plague the game."
76561197972225375,Not Recommended,290080,15330437,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,The Elliott,Love the concept.loading problems is the real pain in the ##%$%..hard to get started.Hard to learn when constantly looted.Had some fun...Glad I bought it on sale..Loading is working better...
,Not Recommended,290080,13747400,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Noodle Storm,The game wouldn't even work...
76561198047726619,Not Recommended,290080,13841859,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Schmitty,"I probably didn't give it a fair chance, but... I bought it, and uninstalled it. Perhaps I should have just taken $40, fed it in a shredder and threw it in the air."
,Not Recommended,290080,14659068,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Harry,"I Got DAMN WELL MISLEADED BY THAT STUPID TRAILER.I bought the game thinking there would be lots of people on , everyone working together and fun and easy to craft ..... it was the total opposite , not many people on , it literally takes about 10 minutes to make 1 tool , a house would be about 10 hours! no one works together, unless with friend, there is no fighting and all the stuff shown in the trailer will take you A LONG TIME TO GET! do not buy unless you love games where basically it nothing happens"
76561198072310130,Not Recommended,290080,15416911,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Morty Jhones,"Nice looking game just not what it is sold as. sold as a sevivial crafting game but is actualy an on line co-op game . this is great if you have a large buch of freands who you can work with but since most of your time will be spent gathering food and building an econimy, don't exspect warcraft very quickly unless you chose to be a bandit."
,Not Recommended,290080,15371465,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,PIRATE.420,"This is a waste of my money, spend 1.5hours trying to get it to work, single, server time out????, Then I have to shut my pc down because, I cant exit the game, So lets try Mutiplayer, yay it work's, oh it crash's...........looks like it would be fun to play, but that's not happen. hope they put my money to good use."
76561198050754735,Not Recommended,290080,13404191,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Raltor,"Got to love the fact I haven't been even able to play the game. FPS Lag, Bugs, and an Inablity to play singleplayer has basicly made me regret purchesing the game. Even though this game would be wonderfull for me.As of Now don't trust the Hardware Minimums, and Wait for it to be polished more."
76561197963550758,Not Recommended,290080,13608126,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,D0ngkey Kang the Terrible,"Well a friend recommended this.... As it is well know that i dont like sandboxy sadbox games he still recommended this.... Its obvious that i dont like this game. Its still early access so quite a lot of bugs as expected. Thats ok. The Community sucks though and expects everybody to know about everything from minute one. For someone who likes the genre, it seems good. Although the Trailer is quite misleading."
,Not Recommended,290080,14603346,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Mr Fox,I have never actually been able to get this game to work... very dissapointing and a total waste of money... read the forums.. this is a very common issue so dont just assume you wont be affected too if you download it
76561197990793790,Not Recommended,290080,12310310,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,caboose435,"You shouldn't get this game and I'll tell you why so claim your♥♥♥♥♥♥ Yes its fun idea and could be a great game but ... the Devs have listed on the site that this copy well have No guilds, no battles and no sieges. Without the Guild open you can't start a town to then later make kindoms. This is a huge thing I THOUGHT was in (or would be added later) the game but it wont be they say. So yeah with no guids your just bying Rust with swords and slings and we kniow how well Rust went if you ever joined a server.http://lifeisfeudal.com/LiFYO#compare"
,Not Recommended,290080,13339003,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Fist Rockbone,Don't buy it just yet unless you can deal with the headaches of a early access game.
76561198138274418,Not Recommended,290080,13991430,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,TheBamboozler,"Life is Feuadal:Is it fun?-Well if you like any sandbox game, this one pretty much emulates every other generic one. Don't get me wrong, the sense of accomplishment is great once you build something. But the progression takes hours and it gets slightly repetitive. You also have to be dedicated to a server, which for me is a little annoying. I like the freedom of being able to choose different servers, but the progression almost requires that I stay in one or else I have to start all over again.Is it worth $40?-No way. If you can get it on sale, it may be worth the money but I would have much rather have spent it on something else.However...This game is still early in developement and can change, so keep that in mind too."
76561198088961054,Not Recommended,290080,14165451,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Nameless,this game aint good for♥♥♥♥♥
76561198081370007,Not Recommended,290080,14655670,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,SW33T T3A,absolute crap.
,Not Recommended,290080,14683676,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Goat37128,so far i cant give you a reveiw as i cant get past the loading world screen my best time was an hour and 15 minutes before i gave uptoo bad there r no refunds on steam guess i just♥♥♥♥♥♥40 bucks out the window
76561198035786465,Not Recommended,290080,20209479,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,lyjordos,characters can't carry over and world too small.
,Not Recommended,290080,12385885,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Varanid,"I cannot recommend LiF in it's current state.The potential for a great game is still realistic but the current server issues mean your progress is wiped along with your personal server.The asking price is actually offensive and the communication from the developers is curt and not helpful.There are numerous server issues, not just one and it should not have been made available as an early access game when you can barely access the game at all and progress is wiped.Sorry developers - $40US is far too steep for the current state."
76561197982765231,Not Recommended,290080,14325158,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Honey Glaze Spiral Ham,"15 minutes to load anything sometimes locks up around 14 minutes into loading.Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM)2 Quad  CPU   Q8200  @ 2.33GHz (4 CPUs), ~2.3GHzMemory: 8192MB RAMAvailable OS Memory: 8190MB RAMDirectX Version: DirectX 11DxDiag Version: 6.01.7601.17514 64bit UnicodeCard name: AMD Radeon R9 290x Series"
76561198065482054,Recommended,290080,35469895,Posted: 4 October,all,John Bronuts,Of now you can see i only have like 1 hour but within the 1 hour i have found it fun and enjoyable A lot of people complain about bugs etc to be honest your paying for more of an early release game like ark and rust is its fun and i like it If you are someone who was thinking about it but did not want to waste money on it give it a try you have around 1 hour and 50 min to test it out after that if you like it keep it if not return it.
76561198026512221,Not Recommended,290080,14448524,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Inspektor,"13/FebruaryStill far away from beeing playable...i will keep looking at the changes but its like every other early acces game just a 50% chance that it will become a ""game"" one day...thats just what happens when u pay people before the work is done..its just human..^^30/July..Many improvements have been done, performence got alot better but its still a long road. I think its good to play but i havent got the time to test the newer builds in detail. I will have a closer look at it once its released."
,Not Recommended,290080,19137414,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Blightholtz,"I felt that this is not what you expect from a game that just released after an extensive early-access period. Within my first 15 minutes of gameplay I both lost the entire game world so that I could only see the skybox and the sea, and my character  model was distorted so badly that I couldn't make out what was what except for the head (screenshot in my profile).I'm disappointed to realize that the game is poorly optimized and doesn't look anywhere near as good as it does in the trailer - and I'm running on a fairly good PC. If I wanted to play above 1024x768 resolution in full screen then I'd have to be happy with ~30-40 FPS.It's a shame because the game seems to be interesting to play and I really like the character creation bit and progression, but I really cannot recommend this game to anyone until the bugs have been taken care of."
76561198050847506,Not Recommended,290080,14442496,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Lastbreath,admins ban u for pvping on pvp servers people cry 24/7 about thier stuff being looted and wasted my time on this game just to get ban from 3 servers after hours on each one becuze server donaters and server admin♥♥♥♥♥lickers
,Recommended,290080,12216248,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Cistic Victor,awesome
76561198006895447,Not Recommended,290080,14499203,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,gregorymooreii,"It is an interesting concept and I am an extremely positive and optimistic gamer - often overlooking major flaws and such if a game has some redeeming qualities.  Unfortunately, I saw little of value in this early version of Life is Feudal.  In fact I feel ashamed I spent $40 on this.  I was able to pull it up on my work laptop, but not my main PC, which is odd because the latter is much better equipped.  The technical issue with the PC is something that apparently can't be fixed, so I'm stuck it seems.   When playing on the laptop the ""game"" is very slow.  I'm fine with it being open world and there being no quests or story to go along with it (like Minecraft).  But there are few hostile mobs (and those seem to be contained to certain areas), nothing to discover (other than basic terrain), or any NPC's for trading (again, this is an Alpha, so perhaps that will change).  The community aspect of this is supposed to be really good, but so far I've only met two types of people - extremely rude players that seem to be well equipped and extremely rude players that are not well equipped.  I don't want to play with either of those, so it makes me wish for a more interesting single-player game, which this doesn't deliver."
,Not Recommended,290080,19136042,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,【ℓ ღℓ i  in  a  Box】,"Kind of a huge grind fest with stats, don't carry over servers either. Every task needs to be completed by the player, not to mention theres no plans to get npcs to do the repetitive boring tasks."
,Not Recommended,290080,19266100,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Umbrage,"game is great BUT completely RUINED by ridiculous skill 'lines'want to use a crossbow? get aquainted with throwing weapons, get attacked in leather armour (you wont get leather without literally cleaning animal♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a chicken coop because it's important to know how to clean♥♥♥♥♥♥and know how to make a horse breed before you can tan leather) THEN gl you also need other♥♥♥♥♥♥to build your ammo and weapon on a completely different line (that will take ages to level up, mind you)want to learn to tie a bandage around someones arm? too bad, first you need to become a master of gathering herbs, a master of mashing the right ones up in a mortar and pestle, AND ALCHEMY before you can do that.want to smelt/forge ore your buddy brought back? too bad, first you have to become a master of literally prospecting rocks then a master of mining rocks after taking 20 years to dig a mine and mining the right♥♥♥♥♥♥ then you can try it.want to forge weapons? cuz ♥♥♥♥ you if you thought that was part of smelting at allwant to build siege weapons? too bad you need to be a masterwork bow craftsmannot to mention if you want to tame an animal you literally need to manually feed it 200 ♥♥♥♥ing apples through an awful interface MANUALLY EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING TIME ( yes 200 of them) then take them back to your barn and wait for them to take a♥♥♥♥♥♥to level up your animal lore skill so you can make leather so you can make any of the starting weapons (EXCEPT FOR A ♥♥♥♥ING PITCHFORK LOL OK)tl;dr game is absolutely ruined because of the stupid  skill line ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t - skills themselves are fine, but why do I need to be a master militiaman, master at WEARING ♥♥♥♥ING PADDED CLOTHES, and a master spearman, to train UNARMED ♥♥♥♥ING COMBAT?"
76561198004663074,Not Recommended,290080,19139278,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Chuckles,"Glacial pace, requires massive communities to get anything done, not a good game to start with just a couple friends, and the majority of its features are PvP centric and not working properly. It's not fun in its current iteration and I can't see it being fun any time soon."
76561198013136595,Not Recommended,290080,30022751,Posted: 18 February,all,"Dr. Steve Brule ""Ya Dangus!""","I am so sick of half-asses money grabbing early acces games that go nowhere but sit in your library because the devs have completely given up on what the players want.  Don't let this game fool you with its enticing video and pictures, it's a cream dream."
,Recommended,290080,15672555,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Revan,"It is really good game, with big potential. Sadly, its still in alpha version, so there are tons of bugs, and other ♥♥♥♥♥. Although the game is still in alpha, but I think it really worth it to buy it. For now, 7/10.PS: Need more ♥♥♥♥♥♥ updates and less russians.. :-D"
,Not Recommended,290080,16210717,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Serathis[HUN],"It is more or less a Wurm clone with better graphics. An MMO version is planned so getting this? Eh, I cannot recomend in good faith. Sorry."
76561198137273130,Not Recommended,290080,19144424,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Razor Turtle,Immense amounts of bugs and crashing.Cant even play the game
76561198174246197,Not Recommended,290080,14467719,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,HASERBASER,Terrible game. everything takes an obnoxious amount of time to make even the smallest progress. the pvp is diabolical also.
76561198055510069,Not Recommended,290080,19139891,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Michael,"love the concept hate the result, wish i could get my money back"
,Not Recommended,290080,31681664,Posted: 11 May,all,charlesberg,"If you're into grinding, like the highest ♥♥♥♥ing level of grinding possible, go for it.Absolutely nothing like the screenshots and videos, hopefully it improves but idkright now, I really regret buying this."
76561198101435415,Not Recommended,290080,16205059,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Brodern95,"see you in 2018, maybe it will be decent by then."
,Not Recommended,290080,29619902,Posted: 31 January,all,Church,Dead game.
,Recommended,290080,12182652,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,POOTS,Yes.QUESTIONShould we buy this game?ANSWERYes. Because Yes.
,Not Recommended,290080,12225232,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Juice Head Gorilla,Error report simulator 2014
76561198156287386,Not Recommended,290080,12810166,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Bishuzz,"game sucks, glitchy, cant turn, does not connect very well, dont buy this game"
,Not Recommended,290080,23329863,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,2a3,"Very lanky, not worth it for the price."
76561198013601014,Recommended,290080,16815817,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,MERC Major Gosnell,"I have been playing on my own rented server for 3 weeks,i wont say the game is a laugh a minute or full of action it is very relaxing and rewarding.To watch a small campsite turn slowly into a hamlet,then a small walled town.To see the actual rewards of your labours is very pleasing,this is a game where you get what you put into it.To build anything of note wil require patients and time but my does it feel good to achieve your goals.On a negative note,some crafting requirements are ludicrous,especially the Flux system,also the fact that carts can carry so little ect."
76561198189708709,Not Recommended,290080,31439111,Posted: 29 April,all,Cara,So my first review here. I bought this game because of LiF MMO.They said will have it for free when released they are liars  changed this a few times.A few months ago the LiF:Your Own owners could have 1 character free for mmo now they give you only 10 eur discount wtf. I need to pay 35 euro for the mmo now f**k you liars you dont deserve our support just for lying us in the beginning.As for LiF:your own you cant do very much the map is small and there are not many players and where are more than 10 players you have no place for building something unless you terraforming wich takes alot of time.I will never buy MMO just because im so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off because they lied
76561197963072350,Not Recommended,290080,12202060,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,timzork,"The idea of game is excellent, the current features like crafting objects and creating structures  are much outstanding when  You will compare with most of other titles (like star forge alpha, stomping land or space engineers). The game have big potential to become huge hit.The problem for current moment is that gameplay is still unbalanced and mostly it lags.There is poor respond from support team as i have experienced and in case u are using more than 1 grphic card (lik i have hybrid) will suffer with only option of using the firs default one - no drivers update will help (actually it mad it worse).Actually i was eaven informed that the devs is not eaven going to pursue that particular case (and obviously i was not an exeption) becouse the do strongly belive that the are creating an app for a mobile phone or xbox console for that matter :PI have managed to get about 2 hours of decent gameplay (before i have updated drivers - when i have done so the gane crashed after 3 min of play) and i must say due to its complexion i was astonished. But becouse some things have to be reworked and apparently there will be no support for nvidia hybrid cards, on top U ACTUALLY PAY FOR HACKER PREVENTION NOT A GAME AND IT WILL EVENTUALLY DRY YOUR WALLET - which is redicules i can`t recomend it.P.S. what a shame"
76561198012573794,Not Recommended,290080,13404836,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,|JATC| Lt. Piggifishi,"Welcome to flux farming simulator 2014!!As the game clearly shows, life IS feudal. Instead of farming to eek out a living, chopping wood, or paying tribute to your lords, you can get the FULL medieval experience.Spend hours in open fields swatting at the ground to collect herbs, which in turn makes flux. Flux is the key to everything and is the essence of classic feudal life. So before you go farming and building your peasant houses, make sure you have half of your entire town swatting fields for flux. The immersion is incredible, ""it almost feels as if I actually am wasting my time""-raves players!!If you were looking for an amazing open world, terreforming, medieval life simulator, look no further. And remember, before you start looking for food and worrying about sustaining life, GET ON THAT FLUX because its the most valuable, and useful resource in the entire universe!!!!-150/10 stars"
,Not Recommended,290080,20549094,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,[USMC]Malikav,No.
76561198085834393,Not Recommended,290080,21013661,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,gkuc724,I want to play so bad but when I click on the game it doesnt even open it immediatly crashes it looks good but until I can actually play I dont reccomend it if anybody has a way to fix it please message me
76561198073148889,Not Recommended,290080,20555337,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Gimli,"what kind of cluster ♥♥♥♥ is this, messy combat boring crafting boring ui boring player interaction. despite all of that garbage i join a game with the name ""♥♥♥♥♥ slayer"" and get perma ban within 5 mins from ♥♥♥♥ing racism extremists. only nerds and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ play this game."
76561198042378606,Not Recommended,290080,28210180,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,KLear,"Pathetic interface, insane loading time even if playing solo ... will see if the MMO they anounced is going to be just as poor"
76561198051895840,Not Recommended,290080,28738320,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,wingman567,Way to hard to get into.
,Not Recommended,290080,16855478,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Mom's Spaghetti,do you like canstant grinding? do you like to sit there for hours on end to basically do nothing? is watching your life waste away as you let someone hit you so you can farm for a rare plant to make armor....... if yes then kill yourself... if no then stay away from this cancer fest
76561198100303416,Not Recommended,290080,12206137,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Bandar00,"The game does look promising. However, I don’t recommend getting it now it has bugs that need to be fixed. I hosted a game and invited my friend and we couldn’t get him to join and we tried for hours, and plus if you get it now and play it you’ll get bored of it before the game is even ready like what happened with Rust. So wait until the game is complete and enjoy the game fully!"
,Not Recommended,290080,12985758,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,wolf_fire_star,"game is fun , very intresting , and a good souce of entertainment with friends , biggest problem and the reason me and said friends refuse to play anymore of this for now . is that whenstarting game -> create world -> play -> shut down -> play -> shut down -> play -> corrupt files  = Cannot access local server -> fix = Delete files and all progress and restart.after doing this 5 times me and all my friends are content that we didn't waste money on the game but infact we are unable too enjoy the game at this time and would look very much forward too the game fixing this issue , it would be nice"
,Not Recommended,290080,16225492,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Thug Life,"Seriously what the F is this.Horrible quality. Really wish I had bought it today, rather than months ago. before Refunds were a thing"
76561198134400876,Not Recommended,290080,18702584,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,ajellings,"Hi allAfter over 660 hours , and hours searching on youtube which has been greatest help thanks to all those guys that took the time, then further hours searching for devs info on steam,  I have come to the conclusion this game will not procceed without unpaid mod time, much like Mir , this game has the basicis yet not mechanism to support it.Items like  Floor lamps  :Saw mills  : Bee hives  :  Trading posts : Horse breeding & training camps : Recycling : Siege items , Do not work : Game entry into  a saved location- u will land up on the roof  of your large building at some point , and may be thrown outside your town walls , yes its as bad as that: The fruits of trees like apples , seem only to come on  reboot of server.  All these take  hours to obatin , you have to gain the pre skill to get to final item, I   believe most testing has been done on gm  create, I have not , all the hours i have played i have played on normal mode, only to jump on gm to dimmolish, something all users should have , if they indeed created.The bag and storage is to say the least monged,  they seem to believe that un grid storage is best way, even tho they use something called quality ""quality is somthing applied to very single ingrediant into every single item, simplest way to explain this is FLUX  , flux is a compound made from 1/11 known herbs you need to identify , to idendentify u need  to have created 1 from a compound of 2. moving on to  a chance in 3 , there are over  65 , add to the mix quality  1-100 .... so bare in mind the national loterry bonus ball on 44 numbers altho u can right click  on alt to stack all after a good hunt on herbs u  can not on animals, this makes all storage of bulk items un manageble.  We have after hours of gameplay found a way to contain small items.we are still playing trying to understand this game past the point of gaming connectrions, we all have in our mail list 5 other gamers, I just hope your like me,  and do not reccomend to your friends at £16 each or like me  add £12 per month to so called alpha test  a game that seems more respondendant on your developemnet than theirs.Alpha"
76561198062139802,Not Recommended,290080,19679803,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,markbusch30,Keep Scrolling! BAD BAD BAD...!
76561198022948050,Not Recommended,290080,31567322,Posted: 5 May,all,Exhausted_Blade,Terrible communnity
76561198138664071,Not Recommended,290080,13350651,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,wldaniel,Waist of money!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198046632234,Not Recommended,290080,31425228,Posted: 28 April,all,Dzestino,Mind numbing dull. Rly not a finnished game..
76561198321281687,Not Recommended,290080,32072598,Posted: 30 May,all,rowon420,40bucks for this WTF the first 5 mins i want to kill the devs on the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game play and finding resources good♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing LUCK
,Not Recommended,290080,19154188,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,IshtonWasTaken,"Game is terrible. Graphic optimization is sub par at best. Did a lot of research on this game before I purchased it, and even after all the research and double checking, I was sure that I was going to be able to run it on my computer. This was not the case. I have dropped all graphics to the lowest possible settings, includintg resolutions, and yet, I still get only around 8 fps. I am very dissapointed and now steam will not let me refund this program."
76561198044915402,Not Recommended,290080,12213120,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,apollo,It won't start don't waste your money on this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198008218694,Not Recommended,290080,33061709,Posted: 30 June,all,bewest169,Rather watch paint dry yeap! that good
,Not Recommended,290080,29613774,Posted: 31 January,all,Hunderpanzer,don't do it.
,Not Recommended,290080,25273941,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Razorwirer,"Not very child or new player friendly, this game takes too much learning, with no direction on how to do so."
76561198033504259,Not Recommended,290080,24872103,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Fox Harley,"I used to be able to play this game. Actually it ran really well on my system. Now fast forward about a year and a half (this♥♥♥♥♥♥ain't finished yet?) and now due to graphics upgrades and such I can't even play the damn thing. They have a really great scam going here. A real money maker. Lets design a perfectly playab;e game and then redesign the graphics and prolong the dev phase.♥♥♥♥♥♥I gotta buy a whole new box for this ♥♥♥♥♥ now tha they switches DX! Actually other games that run DX11 run fine on my rig except this one. They have a road map and have had it since inception. Guess what?! The♥♥♥♥♥♥has been stuck for several months after showing ""progress"" through the entire development. Yeah they upgrade and♥♥♥♥♥♥but where is the finished game. They have been sitting on and end product from the start, This is my gripe with ""in development games""....they never end the devekopment phase and alwyas....""ALWAYS"" ruin the most stable and playable versions in order to continue the scam. BUYER BEWARE!!! DO NOT EVER CONTRIBUTE TO SCAM DEVS THAT GIVE ""ALPHA ACCESS"". It is a bottomless pit that ends with nothing more than a game in ""CONSTANT"" development."
,Not Recommended,290080,25869785,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,LordMaca,This game has a big lack of contents.
76561198253037842,Recommended,290080,22114128,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Gabbyy,Grindfest.
76561198081882213,Not Recommended,290080,25332731,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,DoesItHurt,Id met a couple of good gaming mates from this game. Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198042045164,Not Recommended,290080,32649207,Posted: 22 June,all,Dragoneos,I experienced a glitch that makes the game unplayable I requested a refund for good reason I played this game and gave it a chance because the idea is good how ever it's impossible to play on your own and there is no point in playing on anyserver because they all get wiped every few months so you're going to lose your progress and hard work you put in to building a massive castle I hope my review saves some people some money as the game at this stage is not worth playing.
76561198156299943,Not Recommended,290080,12297313,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,kiloblue1994,"To whom it may concern.I am an abbot gamer. I have video games in my blood. My first PC was a commodore 64.I may have been a bit harsh with the review, I was tired it, was late.The game did not perform to my expectations; even for an early release.Paying forty dollars to test a game is ok if the game its self was some what up and running.FFXIV MMO was released before it should have been. It was way more progressed then (life Is Feudal).Most of the team that created FFXIV was fired.A new team came in then FFXIV: a realm reborn was released.Not too bad of a game, I played its predecessor FFXI for 10 years.I know a lot about Video, Processing, and Performance in gaming.And I stand by my first impression (This Game Sucks) it should not be out for early release; instead the development team needs to go back to the drawing board.(7 Days to Die) I purchased for 24$ and change. Much like The interactions with (Life is Feudal)It had its issues, still does but it was playable.It did not fail as bad as (Life is feudal) and the game was not impressive enough to keep my interests, let alone be played for 10 years.When you are a chef you can tell bad food from good food.When you’re a writer you can tell written trash from novel material.When You a Marine Drill instructor you can tell weak effort from OUTSTANDING performance.When you an abbot gamer like I, I can tell crap from a game I would play for 10 years.Now how was that review?AND I STILL WANT MY MONEY BACK!!"
76561198118035304,Not Recommended,290080,12358932,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Big Boss,Kind of interesting and kind of fun but not worth 40 dollars
,Not Recommended,290080,13093651,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,ShagNasty.BriskeysGaming,worked for me once .....now doesn't load just crashes ... i want my money backmy computer is a intel I7 computer 16gig ram gtx 750 ti video card .....another expensive game that doens't work right ...i'll change this review if any update ever fixes it .
,Not Recommended,290080,13129418,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Veterana,"porque em vez de comprar esse jogo eu nao comprei arma 3 mds pqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqjogo lagado, lento, cheio de bugs."
,Not Recommended,290080,13146441,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Mythman51,to much time needed to make anything. not worth the money nor time spent into it
76561198058776978,Not Recommended,290080,13195676,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,NexusOfGaming,"The game gona die Becaus its being created to die reasons:Bad server (crashes, random kicks, lost server port error messsagesYou cant even close the game you actually need task manager to force close itIts almost impossible create an self maded server or a private server why should it be so hard if they cant even make this right to create an own game to learn or ♥♥♥♥ around. This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and they even want make an MMORPG version with almost unlimited land and +10000 people in the server if they cant fix server capacity by even 1 then give this game a middle finger and trow it in the pit!And updates are rearly and when there are updates then sensles like You can now build in buildings and mines you can now control plows but fixing the server doesnt seem to be importen until that problem isnt fix dont even thing about buying it"
,Not Recommended,290080,13516623,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,BattelMatter,"call it ""early acess"" all you want, nothing about this game is working. i have to open and close skills to move the screen in any direction. ugh. what a waste of money...i want a refund"
,Not Recommended,290080,13573021,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Choppywee,Wait a few centuries till release.
,Recommended,290080,17148196,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Lord Redbird,very good game. the bears with russian accents and AK's was a little much but a really good 18 wheeler simulator.
,Not Recommended,290080,17838836,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,n8 | Ricky,"ok thus far. got into a gaming server after 4 various servers not doing anything....   once inside made my char, lots of more options then i saw on the older youtube video so thats nice..  get in game.. looks ok..  start to move..  find that my toon can only move forward, back, left, right... NO TURNING...   i am facing an ocean..  check help..  see now info on TURNING..   i am sure THIS is an isolated issue.. but its quite annoying one for me since as of right now I can not do anything...  this has to be resolved, until then can't give the game a positive rating."
76561198047631661,Not Recommended,290080,19541673,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,SeanMungo,"This game was and is litterally one of the worst games I have ever played.I wish I could get a refund because I never expected this to be as horrifying as it actually is.It isnt really about the learning curve, its more of the hard as hell to set up, and it seems so much different in game then what the screens or information said about the game.Very displeased."
76561197993268419,Not Recommended,290080,19828484,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Crom,It has good ideas and i think be a great game. But as right now dont wast the money or wait for it being on sale like 50% off or more how it is now. Wait for awhile yet then id say give it a try.
76561198088340877,Not Recommended,290080,13132852,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,TheDude422,The game took about 50 minutes to load and then after I joined a serever it took another 50 minutes just to get into the game. Ounce I got into the server the bugs were so bad it crashed my computer.
76561197979055306,Not Recommended,290080,14627639,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,WalnutWolf,My life is feudal after purchasing this game.0/10
,Not Recommended,290080,16243893,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Hubert Shitmeyer,"This game will always have a special place in my heart - it deflowered, if you will, the ""REFUND"" function on Steam for me. Which worked flawlessly, by the way.I may have a look at this game again in 10 years. When it is, lets say, 50 % done."
76561198026184594,Not Recommended,290080,17879945,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,patpaugh,not till launch
76561198150554400,Not Recommended,290080,19220756,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Reaper,the devs finnay put the game into full release how ever theres no optimizations the game still is boring as hell and it sucks the big one i would not recommend wasting money on this game
,Not Recommended,290080,13504954,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Super Mario,"Title confused me, I want a refund, when did I waste money on this game"
76561198027219040,Not Recommended,290080,19754092,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Sosarian,The combat needs serious work. It's nothing like mount and blade - very buggy and animations are sloppy. Until this is updated and fixed must give the thumbs down.
76561198035873831,Not Recommended,290080,20073843,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Saylux,"So buggy. My game crashed a few times before I could even play it. THEN, my mouse kept disconnecting from the games input making the game unplayable."
76561198205214652,Not Recommended,290080,23516795,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,jizz_biscuit,its a decent game with allot of cool ideas but needs so many improvements its depressing music/sound constantly cutting in and out confusing menus extremely grindy i dont mind a bit of a grind but this game goes way over the top like took me 10-20 seconds to saw one wooden billet for fire fuel and took it like 2 sec to burn what kind of log burns in 2 sec item durability is quite low they break to quickly takes way to long to get into and get organised if u like an extremwly grindy game then this is the game for you if not there are alot of games out there like this one that are far less boring and grindy way easier to play and half the price of this one
76561198053459612,Not Recommended,290080,12865122,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Cigarettes After Sex,I see a lot of potenial in the MMO but this is kinda boring it takes about a million years to build a hut with only one person combat is dodgy i hope it will be a good MMO but for now you dont need to purchase it unless u want 1chr so my personal rating would be 4/10 Cholera outbreaks
,Recommended,290080,22712841,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Templar,
76561198007404536,Not Recommended,290080,33061110,Posted: 30 June,all,rafloe,slow progres in developement
,Recommended,290080,16451941,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Ryemane,Had a lot of autistic fun in this game.
76561198122251147,Recommended,290080,16232036,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Quest Lounge,its coo
76561198031744807,Not Recommended,290080,22599081,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,☭☭☭☭Robert☭☭☭☭,i would rate it 9/11 because it was a complete disaster
76561198018739682,Not Recommended,290080,22600921,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,ezpc5872,I seriously need help with this game! I paid for it and it wont load up!!Please email me or call me atezpc5872@gmail.comor 5038395919
76561198023291392,Recommended,290080,26369898,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,alperumutt,.
,Not Recommended,290080,16874747,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Squanchy,Honestly i really really wanted this game for since it first came to early access. i Had a few pops and felt i could spare the cash. but upon buying the game for me and my GF i realised what a mistake it was. she and I both have capable computer to run all other games but are unable to get about 30 fps for me and 15 fps for her. I read the internet some more and find this isnt just me or her havin gthis problem and that its alot of people.if you have an I7 AMD 290 and 32 gbs of ram.....maybe just maybe this game with run on meduim high settings at 30fps+ other wise maybe you should wait for a 99% off sale or wait until they optimize this ALOT. because i cant beleive i spent this much money on a game i havent been able to actually play
76561198035674856,Recommended,290080,16507270,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Baron Pink,Have I actually played Fallout successfully on steam? No I haven't. It won't play and the thing I'm supposed to download has 'no file assosiated with it' so I can't install it! #WouldReplay
76561198110914376,Recommended,290080,29759378,Posted: 7 February,all,Killer,Is very good
,Recommended,290080,29784508,Posted: 8 February,all,$$xGoodQX$$,"I dont know about this game, i can't play! only the open testing beta and thats from a long time ago!"
76561198080814679,Recommended,290080,16221735,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,ld-airgrafix,"This review is more for players who arent sure whether their pc's will run this game, At the moment I have a i5  2.50 ghz, but i will upgrade soon, so I thought why not take advantage of the special LIF is offering. I was surprised when I logged in and I was actually able to run this game flawlesly on low settings, medium setting struggles.yes graphics are ugly but its a good way to test and learn the game till I upgrade.as for the game itself, there is a lot to do in content wise, there are few bugs, nothing game breaking. Wildlife is nothing special it just stands there until you interact with it.I think the price tag for this game is too high, for its current quality. It does have alot more potential  than any game I have played or own."
,Recommended,290080,30180052,Posted: 25 February,all,Butter,This game is like a love-hate relationship. . . without the love.100000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10
76561198083532931,Not Recommended,290080,15834395,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,smashypeople,"I realize it is in early stages of development, but I have spent almost 2 hours trying to just start a private SP game. every time It says the same thing in the end; ""CR_INTERNAL_DB_ERROR"" or somthing along those lines. I have reinstalled VCRedist, and still no luck. can't seem to find anyone with the same problem either."
76561198160143535,Not Recommended,290080,27799188,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Marlboro(NY420),not mutch fun
,Recommended,290080,31778635,Posted: 15 May,all,g0ku,great fxking buy it ! now !
76561197993666152,Not Recommended,290080,12290196,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Toad,Save your money until its finished...
,Not Recommended,290080,12331917,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,HAcoreRD,"Crash Simulator 2014.Has the recipe for a great game, but very very very UNSTABLE. Purchase at your own risk."
76561198120647158,Not Recommended,290080,13527695,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,DriedCrustySock,"This games has so much potintial, but so far it is just not good. I have a very little play time on this game becasue it is just not fun (yet). It is new and has a while to go before it should cost the full $40. Do NOT buy this game yet unless it is on sell i made a mistake getting it for full price."
76561198078194698,Not Recommended,290080,13576876,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Xions Heart,"Alright, in all actuality, I love this game, or at least the Idea of it. This game is just too unfinished to get right now, and what I can use to prove this is one major thing: Character Creation isn't even finished. This game feels like it wasn't even ready for its Beta reelease, which I actually bought this the first day it came out, and I am disappointed. My advice is to have a great computer and either buy it now and be patient, or wait until it is completely done. I give it a 6."
76561198017533532,Not Recommended,290080,14104832,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,T1 Aka Daddy,trash game do not buy
,Not Recommended,290080,14258936,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Red,waste of money.
76561198049636923,Not Recommended,290080,19455660,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,fordking5101,this game is not londing for me not a good
76561198000322211,Not Recommended,290080,19892334,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Will of God,"this game is very buggy, a good game but very buggy.bought a copy for my daughter and a friend bought one too and on both instance the game have not as of yet been able to launch.i will not recommend getting this game for the very fact that I have read a lot of question regarding starting/launching the game and most of the responses have been from other players and only one instance of the actual developer apologising and blaming the hardware of the player rather than go through the dump file with them to see where the issue lies.Again good game in concept but very bad delivery overall"
,Not Recommended,290080,20021598,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,TanMan,This game is not worth it. There is not a lot of creativity put into it. Almost everything you do is a progress bar. It is very boring. The skill system is ridiculus. Reign of Kings is a much better equivelent.
76561198052196977,Not Recommended,290080,24104263,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,kayors,Absolutely useless.  Unable to start after an update occurred one day after I played it.  Great game.  Hope it has not stayed that way otherwise I'd advise anyone not to waste their money until they get it fixed.
,Not Recommended,290080,13655431,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Cronenberg Morty,"Don't waste your time, wait until this garbage pile of a game is updated-10-10"
,Recommended,290080,16243886,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Humbleification,Meh
76561197960848208,Not Recommended,290080,19513313,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Slayera,"good game, but still probably in beta phase as it is terribly bugged, still the same bugs as in alpha year ago.Noob devs only adding stuff and not fixing anything - money hungry people"
,Not Recommended,290080,20063591,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Kolaka,"Sad to say this but devs... this is not a finished product! It looks nice smooth interface, nice music ect. but so unoptimalized. I have a decent rig to run this game still rendering those caotic forests eats up my system.And it's not just me, guys with expensive and powerful rigs complain that the game runs badly.I feel sad about this cause when I first saw this game I was thrilled and excited I've always wanted to play something like this. Devs.. do some heavy optimalization. In my case it's gonna be a refound.. maybe next time.."
,Not Recommended,290080,14245910,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,squareupfukboi,worst game i have ever bought i played this game for about 20 hours when it first came out then my single player wouldnt work and u cant make server with friends unless u pay so i stoped playing i went to go back and play a few weeks ago and the game wont even launch it just crashes every time
76561198166731582,Not Recommended,290080,14710886,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,ethanserlewein,I didnt like it. Click and wait sucks.
,Not Recommended,290080,15498550,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Aravian SkyGear,"Local server can't be accessedThis is about as far as I could get, the server would always time out. I never even got to see any gameplay. :("
,Not Recommended,290080,13575173,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,snawfu,Gibe MMO plez
76561198029423877,Not Recommended,290080,27392263,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kpmh2001,"its ok but two things hold it back for me1. its a ♥♥♥♥ing grindfest2. its a 40$ testing playground for the devs next game, seriously thats worse then phantom pains 50$ demo"
,Not Recommended,290080,13149172,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Sevrick,"This game is prety good but the fact that that I can't even play multiplayer pisses me off. Ok he's what happens I buy the game. I play it and like it. Then my brother gets it. We are on the same network and can't play. I have tried all the internet sejuestions to get it working. But the fact that I had  to scower through forums just to try to play multiplayer is BS. I tried the invite friend, that didn't work. We even turned off our fire wall, still nothing. We tried direct conection.Word of advice make sure the freaking main feature of the game works before relaseing it. Even if it is in Alpha Multiplayer should have been the first thing to be finished."
,Not Recommended,290080,20093710,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,MethosIII,"Starving faster than possible to find food.. I might need to get a bit more into it, but for now it seems a tiny bit too realistic (or at least tryhard) to me..Worth the try for people that look for a difficult, realistic version of Minecraft and have a lot (really) of patience.As this won't be too many people and I myself really am not in this group of people - I wouldn't recommend..P.S.: the cityes shown in the trailers are probably in a veery late phase of the game.."
76561198039738874,Not Recommended,290080,24186842,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,The Jiffy,"You may have already seen my low play time of less than an hour...It's because this game runs like it swallowed a bucket full of imodium! My rig has a gtx 970, i5 4690k and 8gb RAM. And I can barely push 25fps on low settings. I had such high hopes for this game, despite the iffy reviews. I would give the game benefit of the doubt if we were looking at early access, but it's not early access.To the devs... this kind of release is not fair on people willing try and be fans. I getting a refund.Don't buy unless they release a HUGE patch!"
,Recommended,290080,30382908,Posted: 7 March,all,Sexy T-rexy,IT DOESNT START HELP ME
76561198021604527,Not Recommended,290080,19138129,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Sgt.Fury1,the are all kinds of problems with this game will not load Beware
,Not Recommended,290080,28575767,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Art,Dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig build dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig Delete local content.
76561197989775057,Not Recommended,290080,19137197,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Bougon,"This game is fun If you have absolutely no life and a lot of friends with no life. If you have a normal life, please avoid that game."
76561198039538487,Not Recommended,290080,19144021,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Han Solo,"DO NOT BUY THISfull of graphical bugs, big random fps drops, shadows kill the fps, trees kill the fps, mind you i have a computer that runs fallout 4 maxed out with 40/60 fps.the ui used in the tutorial is completely different than what is in game, gj teaching new players. I could not even get to the actual gameplay because of these issues. this game is NOT release worthy, DO NOT BUY THIS"
,Not Recommended,290080,12182746,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,kanami,"this game sucks at the moment. typical early access ♥♥♥♥♥♥ moneygrabber. i at least have some hope for it to get better in the future but it doesnt deserve the praise its getting at the moment. maybe in the future. but definatley not now.Tried pvp for the first time. I crafted a little dagger and i went up to2 dudes and tried to hit them... i was right up to him and nothing happend, he ran away so i went to his friend who was fishing, right up to him and the hit again did nothing. then we got into a fight and we were all swinging at each other but nothing was hitting, eventually we just stopped trying to dodge to see if this was actually working. It was working but only 1/10 times would the hit register and it did 2 points of damage out of 100 getting hit by a knife in the head. yeah, no, ♥♥♥♥ that.♥♥♥♥♥♥was just embrrasing,, i was about to save the clip to make a video but my game crashed then...but seriously guys as cool as it looks the game its trash right now, and just dont buy it unless you are okay with waiting for it to get better (how much better i dont know) and if you want a simalar experience, get Rust, cuz that game you can actually have tons of fun with.who am i kidding though, its early access so we shouldnt freak out (yet), some games start out solid and some games start out a bit rough but u just gotta beleive that things will get better!PS:  Was originally a status post but i figured i'd post it as a review so others can see, and i will check  back once the game developes more to see if i need to change my review..*There has been more discussion in the comments, that my opinion on this has further taken shape from, its wise to check them out if you still don't beleive me*"
76561198114707457,Not Recommended,290080,30024264,Posted: 18 February,all,uek,"The whole game is a huge grind, you need to have no life to play this."
,Not Recommended,290080,19139092,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Pax,The crafting system is convoluted. Progress is slow. Performance issues are common. I find it hillarious that as some sort of stone age savage I can learn how to make a bow and arrow and not be able to use it. Did I invent the bow by accident as some sort of♥♥♥♥♥scratcher?
,Recommended,290080,12153091,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,MeThoS,"Muito bom, varias coisas  para se  fazer  serão horas e  horas  de divertimento, não testei o combate  ainda, Esse  jogo tem muito potencial, espero que atualizem bastante.Quem  gostar  do estilo vai adorar  e  não irá se  arrepender, podem  comprar  sem medo. assistam os videos. é show!"
,Recommended,290080,12229636,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Awakeland,"good game i like it alot good job :) ,i may have found a bug not sure tho seemed a lil slow win i was playing lagged a bit an it stoped on me but not sure what happen tho need to find videos how to play tho i found out how to move an gather stuff just have to keep playing to see what else i can do now ^_^"
76561198059065157,Not Recommended,290080,19174312,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,SeemsLegit 16166,this is crap i buy this game and all i get is ether a gray or black screen
76561197989862720,Not Recommended,290080,19255745,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,MATORI (SRB),"Game is ruined with update DX11...Black paths, research book was better before, building, crafting, etc too. (no more pictures of objects)It is too hard to hunt, even with a bow. I can't imagine that 10 arrows can't cknock down deer.... I mean realy???Damage from simple bow is same as with composite bow ?!?!I have visited looot of servers and it is too sad to see bunch of abandoned castles from people who left this prommising game.Give the option to GM to decide will he allow usability of infinity piles or not. Now it is more like mining simulator.,,You had GREAT produst that you have ruined at the very end :(Dissapointed customer."
76561198046365802,Not Recommended,290080,18606576,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Mysterious Penguin Revolution,"Slow paced game, and has a ton of flaws needing to be fixed. This game does have a ton of potential, but in its current state its not enough to keep me playing. 5.5/10"
76561198157616425,Not Recommended,290080,19135542,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,LocalIncubus,The bugs are real - not playable
76561198076385045,Not Recommended,290080,17331671,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,[CCU] SirFranc,"Bought, tried, got a refund."
,Not Recommended,290080,19972452,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Dwarfish,Don't like it at all
,Not Recommended,290080,21172319,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Nomadius,Friend persuaded me to buy this game with himWe still talk but its never been the same
,Not Recommended,290080,16836988,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Instinct ☾☆,"i would of played game, but its too much grinding to do, it should of been called, the ( Life is a Grind - Your a Grinder )i hate this game, and i cant refund it.... i had to permanently delete it from my steam...."
,Not Recommended,290080,16215881,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,[TAW] IcyLegend Rebirth,Wanted this game so bad.I got 40 bucksGot the game.Spawned.Swam to a castle.Buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥Couldn't open the doors to the castle.10/10 would r8 again.
76561197986194951,Not Recommended,290080,22434226,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,_DiZzY,farm sim
,Not Recommended,290080,28433187,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,TITAN95,Not optimized
76561198079678720,Not Recommended,290080,12949227,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Sadistic Insomniac,Unplayable... much regret
76561198071682096,Not Recommended,290080,16244600,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,forklift driver,gave me autism when i saw how long it takes to do things
76561198009903018,Not Recommended,290080,19189765,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Corwin86,"I simply copy and paste the request for refund that I sent to Steam:This game is not a ""complete"" game: is sold like a full release, but have way too many bugs (all reported), mediocre graphics, poor performance and it's still more a Beta release that a full game.I played 9 hours, but, in real, the game crash constantly and reloading it take about 20 (!!!) minutes every time.Also, the game is sold like a single player game: in real, it's a co-op game, or better, an MMO game that ""try"" to be another type of game.The contents are poor and the price is way too much for such a mediocre title.Also, is impossible to play the game as a single player, as you have to start the client and your server, on your machine, and the server+client constantly crash and try to take more than 6Gb (!!!) of RAM.This is simply a fraud, a game that was rushed to release because the developert failed to make it work properly.I hope in a refund, because I was never able to play it (constant crashes), it was sold with false advertising and the price is too high for an unfinished project.Thansk.This is my opinion... check the forum for more info on this ""game""."
76561198044395479,Not Recommended,290080,19704145,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Zoogore,I cant play this game. When ever I start it up the main menu is completly frozen. Its werid cause task manager says everything is running fine.
76561198019014227,Not Recommended,290080,18526282,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,[LEG] Niska,anyone got an answer for the memory leak issues with online public/private servers? our group has been having this issue for a while. sadly i gotta say the game is fairly unplayable at this stage. we host via nitrado
76561198071647650,Recommended,290080,13548173,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,WildNukaMaster,10/10 like skyrim with guns
76561198007032280,Not Recommended,290080,17085366,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Sub Chief,"I got the game and downloaded it. It worked the first time I started it and has NEVER started again.(9/28/15) Since my first review, patches have fixed the starting issue. As with all ALPHA games it is still very much a work in progres and is still evolving. I do have hopes for the game and only time will tell.My personnal recommendation at this point is ""NUETRAL"""
76561198040408911,Not Recommended,290080,19704098,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Aethax,:( need a gaming rig to run on low recomened and minimum specs r lies :(
,Not Recommended,290080,22377295,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Martamos,"Nice idea, but no direction"
76561198014746664,Recommended,290080,29732489,Posted: 5 February,all,Legion 2-3 Golf,gud
76561198080924330,Not Recommended,290080,16982163,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,[CB] Fancy Top Hat,"I really like the idea of the game, but I feel like it lacks the freedom to build things that you want. It is a very hard game to figure out unless you have experienced playes to help you, and leveling the ground to build a building is very time consuming. If it had a more user friendly tutorial system I would definitly like it more. Back to the building part, I really feel like it would be a lot more fun if you didn't have to build only buildings that they let you. Most houses that I find on the maps seem to just be hollow shells that anyone can take after a certain amount of time when your land claim goes away. Over all I would give it a 5/10 at its curent state, but I see a lot of potential in it."
76561198054302870,Not Recommended,290080,13087951,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Deive379,THIS GAME IS A CRAP OF ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T. WASTE OF MONEY. NOT RECOMMENDED. 1/10 . GAME IS NOT RESPONDING AT ALL . THE GAMEPLAY IS AS STUPID AS THE PRICE .  THE WORST EARLY ACCESS GAME YET.
,Not Recommended,290080,13115439,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Farmer_Fritz,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME NO MATTER HOW CHEAP IT EVER GETS UNTILL SINGLE PLAYER IS IN. NO LOCAL SERVER. SINGLE PLAYER ONLY NOT LOCAL SEVER STUFF UNTILL YOU WANT YOUR FRIENDS ON. BUT DO NOT BUY NOT WORTH YOUR TIME NO MATTER HOW GOOD IT LOOKS IT TAKES HOURS FOR IT TO WORK.
,Not Recommended,290080,14129588,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,john,"A mmo game like life is feudal going against REAL mmo companies like anet and blizzard is like a 2 year old trying to fight a heavy weight champ. It is laughable. Where do I begin with life is feudal. After you save a game and try to go back to an existing game, you can't. You either get a can't find local server error message or it just says loading server. You can order some fast food, eat, shower, brush your teeth and come back to see life is feudal still loading server. You see a lot of suggestions from gamers to fix said problem. Thing is I don't get paid to fix the life is feudal game problems the life is feudal game devs do. Here is a crazy concept - a gamer pays for a game to play, not to fix game problems and then play it. I think the life is feudal devs should sell out to anet or blizzard and let a REAL game dev fix the game problems. If they sold out, at least I would be able to play the game. My advice is to save your money and buy a real game that works, unlike life is feudal which clearly does not work."
,Not Recommended,290080,14830322,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,The Pink One,"This game wouldn't be worth downloading if it were free, let alone 40 bucks.This isn't the sort of alpha you can play and enjoy while you wait for more features to be added to the current skeleton of a game that exists, it's half a skeleton stuck behind an unbearably long loadscreen intersperced with an infuriating amount of progress bars. So don't buy this expecting a Minecraft or Kerbal Space Program sort of experience, because those games were playable early in their developement, this game isn't.As it stands, you're basically paying to pre-order the game. Don't expect anything when you buy it, or even bother downloading it."
,Not Recommended,290080,18414724,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,ShiftySquirrel,There is nothing positive I can say after the amount of time I have put in to now not have access to my own local server on my computer. I don't recommend it anymore.
76561198056151435,Not Recommended,290080,18415610,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Ragnar'Khan,"If you enjoy losing game data weekly then this is the game for you. Between server crashes, Bad server host and the scheduled points of lag in the game I couldnt recommend it to others. I played 122 hrs and really enjoyed it until I lost game data 3 times on different servers and it seems that this is a common problem. I am requesting a refund for this game because of these fatal flaws, I really enjoyed the game until the 3rd time what i had worked for was lost. Now all i can say is F this! you've been warned"
,Not Recommended,290080,19178695,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Cristari,"If you buy a car from a dealership and before you drive out of the dealership with it the wheels, bumpers and engine fall off it you are going to take the keys back to the dealership.  Life is Feudal: Your Own is like this car.I watched video's of this game on Youtube it looked great the graphics have had a polish since most of those video's and the UI has changed quite a bit as well. It was obviously in better working order at some point. It is not even worth getting into the driver seat of this car it isn't going to go anywhere.Such a poor game from such a promising look.I will return to this at some point and alter this review but for the moment LIF:YO gets a Buyer Beware warning on it."
,Not Recommended,290080,19749270,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,_Ho0cH_,"Game used to be really fun, engaging, and worked on windows 10. Now it's broken and won't even open. I would wait this one out for a little while longer."
76561197968742593,Not Recommended,290080,19841480,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,ZOMBIE 999 TP,"If you like ultra slow paced games, and games that over complicate simple tasks like mining and terraforming, this game is for you."
,Recommended,290080,22751574,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Bilybob,meh
,Not Recommended,290080,31867361,Posted: 20 May,all,Rymarre,this is so unbelievably♥♥♥♥♥♥that I truly don't understand how it's not overwhelmingly negative
76561198076457591,Recommended,290080,16242907,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Tagged 88,I cut my wrists because of this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,290080,19188668,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,6pak,Life is F>>>>>> error
76561198043081053,Not Recommended,290080,31756305,Posted: 14 May,all,majormarkman,This game was most ungood. Too many glitches.
76561198090514219,Not Recommended,290080,19714610,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,danskfred,"I bought this yesterday and it installed fine and everything. Then i created a world and character, and then it crashed. It says the server timed out. What is this because I've spent over £20 on this game and I've got nothing to show. WTF"
76561198019291709,Not Recommended,290080,22658332,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Om3n,"was in the game a second time on a new system because the first wasn't good enough. Ok fair enough but this new system was a 1200€ gaming laptop i picked up from the packstation yesterday and after a 3-5 minute load onto a server I looked around for a couple minutes then crashed with a dx bug. something about not being able to resize something. Pretty sure I've overpaid for a game I haven't really been able to play yet and seems far from finished. Normally you get discounts for not finished products, get a preview into the game play for supporting the development cycle. Not here, here you pay full price and hope one day this isn't like the other steam jokes like rust etc. perma-beta"
,Not Recommended,290080,16159629,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Marduk,"Utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ UI is terrible, like 90% of the time the single player never loads, performance and graphics are lacking. mulitplayer is also♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198230517532,Not Recommended,290080,23917055,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ButtCheeks,Grind for 3 hours get almost nothing done says you have 10 hours in game cant refund game is very bad but dope sound track
76561198060243459,Not Recommended,290080,12366713,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Nezzi,Waste of time and money!!!!!
,Not Recommended,290080,13425706,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,darkexiledone,It is a great concept that is poorly put together.  Even for an early access game it feels like it started in the wrong direction.    The engine feels like it is clunky(as does the user interface).  I can't see this game making it past beta without a complete overhaul.
76561198181037574,Not Recommended,290080,14813179,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,btmarine,Pretty bad experience overall.  I wouldnt waste your money on this.
76561198047735125,Not Recommended,290080,15306779,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Hammer32,Not much content yet. will eventually just be a trolling PvP game like every other survival game. Things take WAY too long to do in this game.
,Not Recommended,290080,19228423,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,TheLegend27,"this game is crazy, i can't even start it up to say how it is. When they fix it, then i'll consider giving a positive review."
,Not Recommended,290080,19392475,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,PliusInfo,".... can't play it...Crashes on start...I was trying to find a solution fot 2 days, sad thing is I can't refund it as I have played it for 300+ hours when I bought it like 6 moths a go.When I bought it I spend 9h to find a solution how to start the game and fix the crashes at start. And now I spent 2 days to find a solution... and no solution this time...This is just stupid...If you want a game where you have to spent 1-2 days to fix thigs before you can start it go and buy it...Read the forums and you find a lot of posts where people just can't run it or have a bad performance in game even with good PC's...And this game is like 95% done acording to devs..."
76561198124979184,Not Recommended,290080,19539966,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,leskabarloplop,i couldnt play with my friends
,Not Recommended,290080,19555030,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,WanderingFreely,"I have to give this game a negative review...First one EVER in 20+ years of gaming.   I had such high hopes for this game as it looked so cool.   My issue and why I can't provide a recommendation based review is that the only part of the game that works is the MMO/Co-op.  You can't create and play on your own system.  MAde a comment on here the developer asked me to put in a ticket with error logs 3 weeks later no response.   Game completely locks up and causes machine to crash if I create a game.   I can join online games, but that is boring to me.  I'm not in my teens don't really enjoy MMO's :), only get to play a couple hours a week max.  love building games, and this one marketed such a great game that just never delievered.  I'll go back to playing games that don't crash my machine.  Ah well I got a good price on the game during one of the steam sales maybe it'll eventually get fixed and I'll eventually be able to play."
,Not Recommended,290080,20124945,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Robizerd,I CANT MOVE MY DARN CAMREA GOD DANGIT
76561198136960974,Not Recommended,290080,20467609,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,CJayKing,if only my furnace could fit more than a peanut into it.not worth peanuts/10
76561198174958873,Not Recommended,290080,32055691,Posted: 29 May,all,Good Good Sauce Boy,"This game is just bad, its animations break for no reason and everything takes way two long."
76561198131173185,Not Recommended,290080,12386116,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,FIFTYMILES,d o  n o t  ! !!  buy  this  game! ! !  what a waste of money  the interface suks and the graphics  are cheesy and cheap looking!
76561197993232687,Not Recommended,290080,13488610,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,wonderlustking4,"just got the game,  joined  a server with some very helpful people on it.the learning curve is very frustrating, tutorial is null besides youtube which was very helpful.  The server crashed 5 times and the lagg is unbearable if someone is mining. Nice looking castles though, crafting system is tuff but you ask enough times and people will help.I said no i would not recommend this game but I really mean not yet.  i would wait a little longer. 12-20-14 THE GAME IS UNPLAYABLE.  THE LAG IS RIDICULOUS.FIX THE DAMN MINING LAG!!"
,Not Recommended,290080,19736874,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Mini-Uzi Vert,Why did the Life is Feudal Player cross the road? To render the giant house right infront of them.
76561197989224389,Not Recommended,290080,32846551,Posted: 27 June,all,Thundar,Boo.
76561197979918937,Not Recommended,290080,13399631,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Haywire,"Please people... stop buying alpha's.Alpha's are the new trend these days but don't get seduce by them. Every time they will promise you a good game, a game that will evolve with time, but dev's should never rely on customers to test their games. The fact is... they sould PAY YOU for testing it, just like big companies does! Trust me... I paid for so many alpha games, hoping they will become the game of my dreams, but every time I got disapointed, EVERY TIME ! ... the dev's just cash in money then get lazy... DONT FALL INTO THE ALPHA TRAP! NEVER BUY AN ALPHA GAME! NO MATTER HOW ATTRACTIVE IT LOOKS! PLEASE SPEND THAT MONEY ON SOMETHING MORE USEFULL... LIKE DOPE OR SEXE... EVERYTHING BUT ALPHA GAMES ! ALPHA GAMES ARE JUST A WASTE OF MONEY... SPENDING YOUR HARD EARNED CASH INTO SOMETHING THAT WILL FOREVER STAY INTO AN EARLY STAGE ! TRUST ME MY FRIENDS... TRUST ME."
76561198013060106,Not Recommended,290080,19579115,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,SorinDragon,"Compared to the other survival games I've played, this one isn't very special. It's not worth the time or the price you pay, and the community isn't even there to make it worth playing. Unless you have a friend or two to play with, you best just pass on it.Pros:You can build Castles and weapons!You can manage resourcesDesign and build housing in your own communeHas an intresting currency anc economic systemCons:Not very user friendly, and the overlay is buggyGraphics are GPU hungry even though the quailty isn't great compared to othersTakes wayyyy to long to collect even enough materials to start the game and even build a houseSkill system isn't well balanced, making it hard to even beginNot worth the price nor the time"
,Not Recommended,290080,19539582,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Mike,This is the worst survival type game I have ever tried to play.
,Not Recommended,290080,19547975,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,=TBW= Michael77,This game is not worth the money to buy it.
,Not Recommended,290080,25022692,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Derrick,"I have to say this game isn't bad, but it definetly isn't great. The biggest problem I had with this game was how much time you have to put into it. I spent one real life hour just trying to build a small house. The game seems like it could be good, but just too much time."
,Not Recommended,290080,19163963,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Eternal Light,"The developers can't write a game GUI to save thier life. This game is a NIGHTMARE to interact with.Also it is EXTREMLEY based around click to wait. Everything has a timer, usually between 3-10s."
,Not Recommended,290080,19155531,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Shipuli,"Absolutely unbelievable!Amazing graphics!Amazing UI and inventory system!Just kidding..If Wurm Online and Big rigs had a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ baby, it would definitely be Life is Feudal: Your Own.So where do i begin.I have had this game for a long time now, but i just had no time to play before.Before playing i looked up some of the reviews and there was alot of complaining about graphic glitches and stuff like that.First reaction was like. ""Ok. They just must have wooden pc's""I got in game. Created character and noticed that the game is basically like Wurm. So i don't mind about changing mouse moving modes.Noticed little bit frame dropping. Changed graphics to low -> still some frame dropping. I played game like 10 minutes and then the graphics started to glitch horribly. Trees didn't load. UI was having some kind of seizure.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=558033985http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=558034103http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=558034005Inventory is awful. There is lock icon in inventory but it doesn't do anything. It's horrible when you are trying to move your stuff in inventory, the whole invetory moves if you miss click even a little bit.Finally when i just had no energy to deal with this game i quited -> game crashed. It was like cherry on top of the cake moment.THE CAKE IS A LIE! DO NOT BUY!If you want to play survival game, buy Rust.If you want to play medieval rp game, buy Reign Of Kings.http://puu.sh/lqSCc/8c18755488.jpg"
76561197984283164,Not Recommended,290080,20973971,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Dispesys,Everything takes too long and if you come to the wrong people. ♥♥♥♥ this game. DONT BUY!
76561198134262286,Not Recommended,290080,12840903,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Prodigyboss,Easily the worst $39.99 I have ever spent on a game. What a ripoff. This game was released to milk us of our money. Horrible and greedy Developers. I have no respect for them. I will be sure none of my friends or family buy this crap or anything else made by them. I'm sick to my stomach writing this review.
76561197983703973,Not Recommended,290080,23048539,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Jokers Poker,One of the most boring games I have ever played
,Not Recommended,290080,17036498,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Gas Master 1942,its ok but needs updates and costs to much
,Not Recommended,290080,12194493,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,RealityVeil,"I do .7 damage.  Wolf does 35.  Until they fix the early game, a single wolf will wipe out an entire band of humans.http://puu.sh/bKcne/b4dae6446d.jpghttp://puu.sh/bKco3/63a89507a3.jpg"
76561198093232019,Not Recommended,290080,18686023,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,[RaW]Pakislav,"Bugs.Glitches.Low FPS.Ungratifying combat.Constantly post-poned updates.Server issues and crashes.Very long loading times.Feature incomplete.It's a very, very early access game, and at current pace it's going to stay that way until it's dead and forgotten."
76561198062225355,Not Recommended,290080,13151967,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Feralhunter,"I don't like doing reviews for alpha games, but the devs of this game have left a bad taste in my mouth.A freind and I have over 200hrs of playing in a server I setup for us to play in. It's not a bad game if you don't mind grinding to gather and build stuff. The game has a nice look to it and the music is nice. We didn't mind grinding to much cause we like to build. I really don't have a problem with the game but from what I have seen the devs do not respect or care about the gaming cummunity that is testing and paying for this game.What I mean by that is, from the begining this game never had any good stoage, containers and building storage was really low and you could not put much in them. Which is ok cause it's alpha and that is just something you deal with. Now the devs have known for a long time that people used drop bags to store stuff near each work area until they could get it worked out. Well the devs got it worked out, they raised container limits and building storage limits. Now you would think that's great which it would be if they went about it the right way. But they didn't they released an update that raised the limits for storage but also included in the same update that drop bags and carcases and other things would vanish after a period of time. A short period of time, are vanished before the end of the day.Now anybody who has played this game can tell you it takes a long time to gather resources and to build stuff. They gave us no heads up or a chance to build the things we needed to store all the stuff we spent many hours to collect. I know it's alpha and you have to expect to do a restart and lose everything from time to time, which I would have no problem with that would not have bothered me. It is a part of the aplha process and has to be expected, but this was not a resart they could have handled this in any number of ways. Like releasing the update to storage limits and saying something like the next update we will be making it so drop bags and the other stuff vanishes after a period of time. That would have allowed people to build and prepare for it, but no we lost lots of real time hours gathering resouces we needed. The main thing you need to rember is this game is a grind it takes many hours to gather just enough to make a few ingots of metal and we had hundreds that is now gone not to mention food wood and all the other stuff we made.For me it comes down to a lack of caring for the gamers who have supported them or respect. They are develpers they had to see this coming and know it would be a major problem for people and to not care if we lost most of what we worked so hard to gather just goes to show they dont care. Like I said before if it was a restart yeah it would have stunk but it is part of the process of alpha game development I could have delt with that, but now we lost all interest in playing the game anymore.This could or may be a great game someday and then maybe I will give it another chance and change this review"
,Not Recommended,290080,12227767,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,EinherjarsReturn,"If you want a mix of Mount and Blade and Minecraft, with better graphics, keep looking. This isn't it. For starters, it forces you to play, if not Multiplayer, then on unreliable and laggy servers. You basically have to take a stab in the dark each time and hope you aren't just running into ""initiated"" gangs of griefers, if you can even connect to any servers.Just like Simcity, this is a case where Multiplayer is forced on the player: ""'cause"". There's no logical reason for the omission other than to annoy those who like to play on their own. It's not going to give the game a better rep, it is going to be making more money because of this (seeing as there's already a one-buys-all model in place) and it doesn't help progress the development either.The sole reason for the existence of this game seems to be as a gauging of interest, moneygrab and financier for the upcoming openly-MMO ""MASSIVE"" title.Even though I hate MMOs, I do think that could become a good title for the people who do enjoy MMO games and have a specific interest. It's just a shame that this ""game"" already seems like abandonware in Early Access.To other indie devs: Please make transparency in your marketing a priority. Being untrue and dishonest like this won't make the popularity of your game sky-rocket."
76561197985037730,Not Recommended,290080,28913426,Posted: 1 January,all,GreenCap,id like my money back because this game never worked on my platform while my mates were playing itso when it may have run ... none of my mates wantet to play it anymore ...next thing ... it seemingly were stopped developig  so ♥♥♥♥ this i want my money back!
,Not Recommended,290080,31372944,Posted: 26 April,all,Switchblade,"this game takes way too long,  i dont have the patience or the lack of life to play this. In reality im way too busy, in life is feudal i have all the time in the world too much time i mean ♥♥♥♥ time consumiung as hell. This game is kool if youre in jail for murdering a cop on a sunday at a chruch on easter, and they some how smuggled a compuetr for this game for you to play with"
76561198051213103,Recommended,290080,12155668,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Gringo87,My game will not start i get to the 1st screen and can not click on any of the options. You better fix it for the money i paid I want to play the game.
76561198100790938,Not Recommended,290080,19311553,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Rhadamanthys,The game is not ready and not intuitive enough. Right click branch for creatable tools? Then rigth click pick axe for other functions? Skill tree is kinda clunky. Maybe my expectations were too high.
,Not Recommended,290080,23595266,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Nublon,"Bought this game in 2014, played 14 hours overall (2014-2015-2016) and still find it boringly way too long to evolve."
,Not Recommended,290080,12810652,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Sparda,"Would really love to play but it will not even start for me. I know it isnt me. I have a clean, beefy M14X. whats going on?"
76561198050681476,Not Recommended,290080,24187254,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Commander Kobals,"Great ideas, open world/full loot, but like most steam games, pure amatuer garbage that should never have been allowed to release in such poorly implemented stages of development."
,Not Recommended,290080,24188404,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,tenpenny,sean bean isn't really dead but this game sure is
76561198000727344,Not Recommended,290080,12238327,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Sgt. Giggle Mittens,"Doesn't currently work. Can't create a private server. To many hoops to jump threw just to play and its in alpha. Burned yet again. It seems steam is mostly fraudelant game companies attempting to bilk gamers out of fash cash, I am seriously getting tired of steam.update: I have constant crashes after finally getting the game to load up on a private hosted sever. I can create a game, load it up and play for a while, but it appears that as the game gathers data that i have done, it eventually crashes due to being unable to handle it. So after starting over 3 times, and putting around 20 hours of work into this game only to have to start over 3 different times, im done. The game is tedious and boring for the most part. Way to much watching your guy repeat the same thing over and over again, followed by mind numbing and brain damaging mechanics. Field lowering and flattening just to build something is way way to tedious for even a hardcore ""boring gamer"" like myself. I normally love tedium, the simulation of real life in a different setting, but this...this is bad.Its early access, and things may change after a few people give feedback. But this is not a game for most people. That can be a good thing and a bad thing, but I think that even it fails to appeal to the people it tries to due to the fact that it is so...soo.....boring and tedious. A little ease on the ""click a button and wait 10 seconds"" and more of the ""gather things that take a little time and build stuff"" atmosphere.Great concept, bad practice right now."
76561198047623115,Not Recommended,290080,25189576,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Scorn500,"Seems like a great game, however they have completely over complicated the game. nothing worse than spending 30 mins just trying to figure out how to craft an axe. im not a huge fan of relying on youtube videos for guidence. They need to simplify this a bit and they would have a great game."
76561197972843674,Not Recommended,290080,25283659,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Homo Erectus,This game is over priced garbage. Best waste of $43 I have ever spent on Steam. Man I wish you could refund crappy games on here.
76561198095813433,Not Recommended,290080,16232295,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,The Good Doctor,Bad Cant do sht
,Not Recommended,290080,16637857,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,[40-1]HandsomeJack,"Waste of time....We even made our own server, and edited the settings so that our skill would level 1000 times.... one thousand times, as fast as normal.Our intention was just to test it out.... 11 hours later we were still no where (i gave up after 5 hours)We had a stone tools, and no progress what so ever...I really cant recommend this for anyone, even if it was F2P..."
,Not Recommended,290080,16977215,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,D@weCZ,"Tried just for few hours, but found it ... boring. Empty servers, empty maps. Always hungry, spent half of gameplay time looking for edible roots."
,Not Recommended,290080,19148544,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,iinfynite,DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY. THIS IS JUST A TEST TO WHAT THE REAL GAME WILL BE. Its like a 16th or something. Dont buy it.
76561198060268807,Not Recommended,290080,12834278,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,endlessgreen541q583786^    $,just awful
,Not Recommended,290080,12853500,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Zei,ehh its fun
76561198115552962,Not Recommended,290080,13538893,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,rowdyborne,have been waiting hours for a server to create or to just jon one and i cant. this game needs an offline singleplayer. my enternet is plenty fast and i have all the software needed for the game idk what is going on.
,Not Recommended,290080,14202956,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Gnikrutuf,"This is not a game, It is drudgery."
76561198040472826,Not Recommended,290080,19640646,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,macneil5401,terrible game dont buy it. wont play higher than 25 fps on low with a 770.
,Not Recommended,290080,20076381,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Eoin1,very buggy  4/10
,Not Recommended,290080,23781183,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,MissKittey,"The game loaded for me one time, but the second I Alt + Tabbed out for something and went back in, I ended up with the black, brown, and blue screens. I could not see anything. I searched the forums and internet to see if there was an easy enough fix.Despite my excitement to try to get into a crafting rich game and apprehension to get into another MMO game, I bought this game when it went on sale. I wish I could get a refund. Thank goodness I didn't waste the full price on this game. It's upsetting enough to know that I waisted the money that I did on this unplayable game despite the fact that I should be saving up my money for other more important things.#agamerhasgottogame #uberdisappointed #hashtag #iwantarefund"
76561198001412014,Not Recommended,290080,12384901,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Xeno,"Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥, pull your heads in this game is not WORTH $40 BUYERS BEWARE! not going to even bother saying why!"
76561198058336927,Not Recommended,290080,14050859,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Daddy Trump,"There is so much potential, but it is really hard to find friends who are willing to spend 30 euro for this♥♥♥♥♥♥game. It's empty and has no single player value. Nice idea behind the mechanics, but it's too complicated for it to be fun. Don't buy it. I would like my money back."
76561197970622242,Not Recommended,290080,16247069,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,CLEANERS filter,meh no.
,Not Recommended,290080,19462401,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Vernietiging,"Total failure.I've been watching the process of game creating almost from the start, started playing in the EA stage, and even after release the game is not playable. At all.I salute these few people who are able to play it, and play it longer than half an hour, but even all my experience with survival MMOs like H&H and Salem, I just cannot make myself play it.Optimisation is non-existent, game has really low FPS even on empty server with no structures, graphics itself are okay-ish, but even on mid-end hardware it works like crap.Sounds are very poor, I cannot decide what stopped developers from recording or buying an actual set of nature sounds, but in current state it sounds more like zombie grunting from B-class zombie survival game.Music is decent, but developers are not skilled enough to use it properly, instead they just spam with it and on some point you just start to hate it.Game's UI is just awful. It looks nice, but it's totally unplayable. Inventory idea is also nice, but it only works in ideal world in devs' heads, in actual game it just pisses off by its messy design. Interface is clumsy and messy, it's simply not designed to be used more than once an hour.Game itself is very slow in loading, even on SSD it takes around 5 minutes to load game world (which is VERY limited in LiF:YO, and also is pre-generated), and you will probably crash after loading anyway.Currently many game activities crash the server, so probably you will never see tunneling, actual hunting and some other.Gameplay consists of repeating the same action over and over in order to gain 0.0000625 of any skill. For example, on the start you will spend hours getting branches from a tree and picking rocks just to get some basic skills."
,Not Recommended,290080,35486120,Posted: 4 October,all,Fillupanx,G-G-G-G-GARBAGE GAME
,Not Recommended,290080,16835811,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Thrashzilla,"Look, I really want to like this game. The developers clearly put a lot of effort into it. But at this stage of development, I simply can't recommend. The learning curve is extremely high, there are tons of bugs, and their isn't a lot to do. The concept is great, but the development is going insanly slow, and for the price, you don't get very much content.So Basicly, you can buy this game if you want, but I'd just wait."
76561198046420266,Not Recommended,290080,23917009,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,'Murica,It's worth more like 15 rupees instead of 30 dollars.  You grind for hours to find out that you cant build what you wanted to build because you need a resource that you dont have the skills or tools to gather it.  GET ARK INSTEAD!!
76561198025441261,Recommended,290080,15543592,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Jimbo,how do i get a refund?
76561198118456139,Not Recommended,290080,13206418,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,jthecamel,"The most frustrating server system I have ever used. Any snot nosed kid with a laptop can host a server and you will have no idea until it goes down. The game forces you to spend countless hours in repeditive and boring actions to achieve the level of skill that makes the game fun. Then the server you picked disappears leaving you to start over. They treat their own ""Official LIF Servers"" like crap, taking them down for weeks at a time. Black box servers are operated by player GM's that often times cheat.The makers of this game seem to think that treating their customers like crap is a marketing advantage. No word on upcoming patches or changes is ever mentioned. I love the game but the makers remind me of 12 year olds that just started a tree house club and want you to jump through hoops to join it. The game is great, the servers and the admins are total crap."
,Not Recommended,290080,13412471,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,xEBx Dread,"Regardless if this review seems helpful or not, I am warning you not to buy this game on a whim. It is in very early access and shouldn't be the current cost that it is. They do not have official servers, or rather all servers are ran on the whim of the player base. The game doesn't really crash but I often have miserable fps issues. The game isn't really hard, but way too grindy. Instead of you high risk high reward, its low risk low reward and that is the only way it operates. You sit there and raise skills all day that are fundamentally pointless. I guess what I'm saying is that this game targets a very specific audience, but is portrayed as a game that anyone can love. The video above that they have for the game is true, except that having a really nice town thats totally cool and functions perfectly requires at least 20+ hours of a bunch of this game's veteran players. New players are thrown to the wolves and lose interest quickly like I did. I must be patient but I am not patient and therefore this game has really gotten killed for me. However, the early access is way too expensive so I am definitely going to try it now and then to see if it has improved, and perhaps earn my money back in enjoyable game time.DO NOT BUY ON A WHIM. THINK ABOUT YOUR PURCHASE."
,Not Recommended,290080,13574758,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Ziltch,"Might be a good game, only the people able to start up the game would be able to know. Thus I don't.Cause the game just don't want to load a server for me so I both cannot create my own, or join others because I get stuck at the ""loading server"" for hours at end <.<"
76561198031235256,Not Recommended,290080,18660241,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,scott1,The servers in this game are empty for the most part and it's just not fun.... I feel this game could use some offical servers to play on with higher population of players.
76561198213526457,Not Recommended,290080,19459957,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,HollowXApid,I bought this game and started running it for the past hour across multiple days this game has no loaded th screen is fully blacked out and I can only hear the game not see it.
76561198068259644,Not Recommended,290080,23124493,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Tactical Bowl Cut,So much potential. I will try this game again in like a year to see if it's any better.
,Not Recommended,290080,20229373,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ghlaaku,"This shitpile stopped working as soon as it was released in November of 2015, and as of writing this, january of 2016,  is still not a fucntional game. It crashes as soon as I attempt to start it, right on the intro video. Even before this anti-release, it sometimes crashed, without exaggration as rapidly as every 10 seconds. So much as entering another player's territory was enough to reliably crash the game. 4v4 battles were clearly beyond the capabilities of this miserable wreck. Steer clear."
76561198117398775,Not Recommended,290080,20488096,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Scorpion3,It laggs
76561198016318236,Not Recommended,290080,14818297,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,madoverlordstudios,"Bought this game a few days ago, having found a way to play it since.Is it downloaded? Yep. But I have been trying to play it single player and have been trying everything to get a server running to no avail.There are a few different threads in the forums and tried downloading this and that and tweaking a few things to get it to bypass my firewall and antivirus and after following a few of the different threads to get a server running...  nothing. Started a thread in the tech support forum... no reply.So far I put in more time trying to get a server working in this game then I have playing some others.Honestly, it sounds like a fun game. But I shouldnt have to tinker so much with getting a game running. If you are thinking about picking this one up, I'd wait until full release. Maybe they will have ONE decent guide on how to get a server running.Until then, pass it by."
,Not Recommended,290080,23737667,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ҚalooNie,Could have been so good.. Still the same it was back then but probably worse. Wish I didn't buy 2 copies right away..
76561198140655014,Not Recommended,290080,14766239,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,bigjeep396,"once the creators of this game, finish the game it will be good but right now it is not worth 40$, there are graphic errors, and the game does not work for some computer, like mine, and promo trailer for it is nothing like the actual game."
76561197993812736,Not Recommended,290080,17635556,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Mr Hamburger,Game is pretty S**t
,Not Recommended,290080,13186414,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Fry The Brain,Hated.
,Not Recommended,290080,13416186,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,BlackClover,"I don't know if this was poor GUI design by steam or lack (allbeit intentional or accidental) thereof, but this game falls to state it's online only in the tags. The developers seem to have masked their beta game in a final release facade by not stating BETA or even ALPHA anywhere visible for gamers to see. I'm also distraught that after almost a month there still haven't been any game-improving updates... Will not recommend this game to anyone until they fix these bugs. I emailed the developers about the same issues with no response at all. To me it seems like they purposefully designed a cheap game and launched the BETA as a final, racked in the dough, and then abandoned the game."
,Not Recommended,290080,14819659,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Neobyte,"Uninstall simulator, worse than WarZ, dont be fooled by the positive comments."
76561198076809454,Not Recommended,290080,12869682,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,jdumo13,Would not recommend
76561198213530037,Not Recommended,290080,19796778,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,FuriousApple,such crashes little screen movement hard controls dont recomend this game unless u know some else who has it
,Recommended,290080,19133174,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Zeerey,Great game.
76561197995687118,Not Recommended,290080,19137609,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Scruzo,"omfg, did they destroy this game with the release, totally unplay able now, looks like a game from the 80s the graphics, they so bunged up this one, WOW you dinks need find new jobs. 2 out of 10, just cause its got color to it...."
76561198079912032,Not Recommended,290080,19139275,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Dankmaster,Nothing beats nothing but 5 fps to slow me down
76561198016147624,Not Recommended,290080,12200038,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,singerete,"I was very into the theme of this game and i like the ideeas around it but in early alpha phase is nearly unplayable, at least by me. No sound (7.1 headphones), a lot o crashes and bugs. I am eagerly wait for a patch wich will make it playable."
,Not Recommended,290080,12219584,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Kluten,Har du en kompis gjeng på 900 stykk og alle kjøper dette spillet og spiller sammen. Kjøp det. Har du derimot 2-4 venner som kjøper det har du 900 timer i vente for å bygge noe som helst. Jeg brukte 9 timer på å bygge 1 liten hytte som det ikke engang går å gå inn i. Alt tar 90 timer og gjøre. Skal du bygge en by burde du ha 900 stykk sammen.
,Not Recommended,290080,19141233,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,MessiahJRob,INSECT SPRAY ANYONE???
,Not Recommended,290080,19147127,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Saints,Buggy mess and a controls that a bird could've writen better
76561198151407399,Not Recommended,290080,22740002,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Bad Company,not good problems with the game starting and no support help
,Not Recommended,290080,26235590,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,chizen00,"I spent loads of money during the starting stage on this game, You know what it can be better if developer let us have all the weapons and armors easier, I mean make it a game, not a simulator where you need 3 hours in real time to build a house. Also please add a hunger game mod where people just want to play classic games, It must not be hard for them, but they just did not do it, so currently I do not recommand this game."
76561197998658137,Recommended,290080,12211980,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Tiger Force,Swung my axe at a guy for half an hour. Game crashed just before i was about to die. I want to see this game florish. Would swing again 10/10
,Not Recommended,290080,19140176,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Astakos,"The only positive things I have to say about this game is that it's very unique and even the few features it has are interesting but the learning curve and in game activities are utterly boring. Also, there are bugs that haven't been exterminated even after full release, server hosting is never stable and I think that by this point it'd be safe to blame the devs for that. There are certain activities that will make entire servers lag, even if the hosting is professional.Now for actual gameplay, here's why it's boring. It takes ♥♥♥♥ing ages to collect, to mine to prepare land. Each activity, in it's own, takes hours or days if you have to keep logging in to new servers to complete it. Which makes the game even more unrealistic and unlikable. Also the game is very punishing to new players and overall unbalanced. People that have teamed up can easily dominate a server in a couple of days, while people looking to gather resources are hunted down for no reason with minimum punishment to the offenders. Climbing the feudal ladder is extremely hard to achieve if you're faced with people that have leveled up in private servers. Plus, you lose your resources if you're killed, and claims if you miss some hours.What's funny is that the devs dream that their skillet will be enough to create an entire MMO based on the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and buggy codebase life is feudal is built on. Leaving back this game as the mess that it is.tl;dr this isn't ready for release, even the concept behind it is very unbalanced, even the devs are looking forward at starting a separate game. Wouldn't recommend buying."
,Not Recommended,290080,24403726,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Monkey King,"No official servers so im good with this game and its dead asf hardly anyone plays it as it is too much money for this game ridiculous. Dont buy it, I should have read the reviews but I didnt because I am impulsive, but I will work on that. If you are reading this, take my advice. Dont buy it."
76561198053123611,Not Recommended,290080,17237579,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,gar1948,"The learning curve is really steep. If you want to put this much energy into something, learn a programming language or work on a degree. After three hours of futility, I asked for my money back. I didn't get it."
76561197961355826,Not Recommended,290080,19153927,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Fox,SO MANY BUGS..... BUGS FOR DAYS.
76561198027533077,Not Recommended,290080,19791816,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,motionman,Personally wouldn't recommend it's not easy to figure out at all unless you know people that already play.
76561198130829055,Not Recommended,290080,17868179,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Jakeoc2,Meh.
76561197997938680,Not Recommended,290080,26094468,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,gigi,"A lot of money for nothing. This ""your own"" seems to be just a scheme to squeeze more money out of the game. I was a sucker. Have my own area ""my own"". Instructions for beginner are very thin and for instance you are on a deserted island and they tell you to go to a 'crafting station'. They put absolutely no effort in adopting their instruction to the ""your Own"" version.Save your money, do not get ripped off!I cannot even get my money back because I tried too hard for too long to get things to work. So now I have been on it too many hours to get a refund. Learned the hard way!VORSICHT! BETRUG!"
,Not Recommended,290080,31056582,Posted: 10 April,all,Eugene,I bought the game more than year ago and still can't launch! It starts only with DX9...
,Not Recommended,290080,35309767,Posted: 29 September,all,4Knife,"~40$? lmfao, no"
,Not Recommended,290080,16160717,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,WaIton WaIton,what the actual ♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,290080,23547388,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Slaughtered,Would not get game runs llike garbage and graphics are terrible even on ultra
,Not Recommended,290080,25878694,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,SLiTHER,just no
76561198001181407,Not Recommended,290080,31331046,Posted: 23 April,all,0r0me,"bad menu building system, too slow"
,Not Recommended,290080,19400029,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,William Woodward,"Too much lag, that's all that must be said."
76561197963149576,Not Recommended,290080,19625747,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,scootly dee doop bop bop,"There's going to be a good number of people on top of the reviews here telling you that this game is worth playing.  Please, for the love of God, don't listen to them.They're going to tell you that it is a ""true sandbox"", and that the game has ""amazing battles"", and ""soooo much depth.""Sure, there's depth.  But you're going to literally be left clicking dirt for 3 hours straight to even begin building FENCES.  Once you can build fences, it's about 6 hours after that of work to build your first house.  Somehow, this little mud hut that you can't even walk inside, is supposedly worth it.  This game requires immense amounts of time sunk into it, but the reward isn't high enough to justify the price.  The bugs are HORID.  Your UI will disappear, you'll have to wait 10 minutes to get into a server. Things will glitch.  It's not a finished product, let alone out of beta.  Don't waste your money.   If you want sandbox, hit Darkfall.  Do NOT come here."
76561198056877097,Not Recommended,290080,19298948,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,General Wakka,"There is literally no way to play this game alone. No NPCs in the game and devs apparently don't want to implement them. So any new players can expect to dig ditches and make bricks for the established 12 or so devs/players who will assume the role of kings. I'm going to give the game a chance and play for a while (I already blew the money on it after all), but it is not what I expected. I kind of like the idea, but knowing the egos and personality types of MMO players, this game will quickly be a ghost town on every server, never enough players for a real war and even if there were enough players, no one will even be willing to go to war for fear of losing everything. I wish this game could work, but I already want my money back. So disappointed :'("
,Not Recommended,290080,35487063,Posted: 4 October,all,Lifsgd-PMA,My greatest regreat
76561198018407171,Recommended,290080,12154416,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Johnny,Life is Fiddle
76561198053961912,Not Recommended,290080,16918506,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,thetobyn,"just terrible, installed it to find i couldnt play on my own private server, couldnt connect to other servers, googled to find alot of people needed to alter the game files themselves just to play it, tried, failed and now lost money on a game i cant play, just great..."
76561198113399962,Not Recommended,290080,16144003,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Epic Nomz,"I understand the concept of testing a game, providing the appropriate feedback for future fixes, but it's been quite obvious to most testers that the developers found themselves more immersed in the MMO version than the YO version in the previous years. Now, the story has changed as of 17 November 2015 that the devs have put a pause on the MMO to get YO out the door.I love the concept of the game,  it's a bit of a grind, but man I have to be frank, the release (aside from graphics) is far worse than what was done before hand in the terms of bugs.The mechanics of the game is great, terraform to your hearts content to make the perfect multi-tiered lanscape so you can build what ever you want. Be a farmer, build an out post, slowly create your own village and much more!Combat is solid, face movements/body strafes guide your swings and can complete 'combos' to pull off different feats with each particular weapon.Sadly, the bugs, even the ones identifed previously from the 'release' are still there and can seriously damper your gameplay experience.I'd say nay on this game until the game breaking bugs are finally addressed and you can play appropriately. Definitely has a ""push this game out to help our revenue out vibe"" but for Lif:YO, that's not necessarily a bad thing since they do have a solid ground to stand on in their unique game mechanics and skill progession. Just needs to be ironed out.Just a bit sour to call it a 'release' when clearly it's been a rough one in hot fixes. I deeply wish to keep playing this game but until the bugs are fixed, it's just not going to happen."
76561198111174816,Not Recommended,290080,17430829,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,[WALL] Batu,hahahahaha- refund
,Not Recommended,290080,16884825,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,estosan,It's♥♥♥♥♥♥that doesn't even work.
,Not Recommended,290080,12393890,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Lord Claudio,"WARNING: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. IT DOES NOT RUN AT GOOD FPS UNLESS ITS 1280x720 RESOLUTION, SO BAD.IT CRASHES ALL THE TIME DO NOT BUY THIS GAME I AM SUEING THIS COMPANY AND WILL FIGHT FOR A REFUND FOR THIS BROKEN GAME."
76561198132496196,Not Recommended,290080,14224884,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,KEEZY,i tried to enjoy this time consumer of a game i was all in copped two copies for me n a friend got a few more to join and we ussually run our own community and this game proved to me wy becuase some♥♥♥♥♥♥head kept trying to boss us around on the second week in claiming to teach us skills which being 31 years old pro time gamer on pc and every console ever made i really didnt ♥♥♥♥ign need his help not to mention im a boss i wouldnt take orders from someone i dont respect first off son and so me n my 5 friends do not play this game and i wasted over 100 bucks on it PVP just ruins games if u ask me and is a short cut in actually making any form of AI or actual story/campaign yo play but eh if u want poorly made combat PVP go head get all the alphas like me n feel unsatisfied i have learned what not to do when i make my game that is all i recommend this game still cuz the concepts awesome the community typically for PVP communities is always KOS rob take and pillage i my self in gaming n real life am a noble man so ♥♥♥♥ the lies that your friendly PVP more like kill or be killed no communication some times i wonder if these DEVS actually play games or understand what fun is so tho i liek the idea you geta  nergative review from the hip-hop zombie
76561197994671795,Not Recommended,290080,14816339,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Dgate6117,like watching paint dry but instead of paint its a green bar
76561197994020816,Not Recommended,290080,19150612,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,minipapa,"game looks great but playing with friends is a no go unless you know what to do with your ports (i dont know a damn thing about that crap on what to do), the tutorial is a video on youtube on each individual thing you need to know thats a ton of watching before you actually play. i do recomend it but only if you know what to do with your ports on modem or whatever  i bought it at 40 % off should have waited for 75 % off"
76561198114446750,Not Recommended,290080,19899183,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,frost 👻,dayz SA runs better than this game :|
76561198022308103,Not Recommended,290080,19975808,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,SlimeDragon,When rust goes to the renaissance fair and takes a dump.. thats this game
76561198059059017,Not Recommended,290080,18073966,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Snuffy,"unless you like being bored to tears please pass on this one.  If you want survival games there are many good ones out there, this one is not one of them.Entirely to complicated, no tutorial and once I figured out how to do it...  I was bored to tears."
76561198045864601,Not Recommended,290080,18199784,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Callsign Crim,"was bad, not worth a legit review"
76561198048758932,Not Recommended,290080,20026311,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Leonardo-Prop-Vinci,"Surly the creators jest if the believe they can charge $24 for this dissapointment, i'm ashaimed to ever have had this ""game"" in my libary."
,Not Recommended,290080,19526352,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,John (Wigster600),"They've done a Rust.Bought this game upon start of early access, from then until adding directx11 it ran fine.I played it sporadically with friends for a few months with each release.Today I noticed it was in full release so I decided to hop on and see the new features. To my dismay I noticed that directx11 had been added which made the game nice and shiny for the lucky ones who can run it. Without an option for directx9 which I was able to run fine during EA.Rust has already done this now I can see it's becoming a trend to disregard a chunk of the customers. It's basically a massive ""♥♥♥♥ you."" to many people who have bought and enjoyed this game.I hope the devs see sense and add an option for directx9 graphics so we who have been left out are able to play the game we paid £40 for."
76561198145901456,Not Recommended,290080,18220901,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,clduhon,"This game had problems from the start.  It loaded only one out of five times I tried to play.  The controls weren't clear.  It's just a mess.  Maybe it'll be a decent game in the future, but for now, it's a big miss.  I hate to waste money this way."
76561198098122048,Not Recommended,290080,12228963,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Jokku,Crashes all the time. Then it quits responding.  I don't usually ♥♥♥♥♥ but I feel I wasted my money on this... To buggy.
76561197991503378,Not Recommended,290080,19138478,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Flemkin,Well...that was a waste of money
76561198080312394,Not Recommended,290080,19147344,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,ProffesionallyBritish,just...just dont.....
,Not Recommended,290080,19140317,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,beatdownlondon,"Okay, so I see that this game is on sale, I'd like to suggest other people away from it if possible. I bought this game for 40 dollars. And it has more of a grind to it than any other game in early access I have ever played. At least in other games you can try and handle being a lone without a friend for a day or a week. in this you need people to progress it feels like. Maybe it'd be better with friends. But at it's current price even with it being 40% off I think there are just better titles you can get. Not to mention the fact that the dev's are in the process of making I think an MMO type verison of this game. Just avoid it imo."
,Not Recommended,290080,13436180,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Seek,"Bought it, played for an hour, stopped playing"
,Not Recommended,290080,19153217,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Spo0kzilla,The FPS is terrible. The gameplay is great but the optimization is at a 0. There's no point in playing this.DO NOT BUY UNTIL THEY FIX IT!
,Not Recommended,290080,16248933,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Alcohol Fueled Brewtality,"Too grindy. Far, faaaar too grindy.You have to dig holes in the ground, only to fill them up with the exacated dirt for ages just to learn how to dig a tunnel to get rocks; rocks which are needed for even the simplest of tools."
76561198024735649,Not Recommended,290080,35276722,Posted: 28 September,all,dbutland5,suckswaste of money
76561198081147362,Not Recommended,290080,24877685,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Sirschmoopy,Where is the MMO the devs are lying♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that just want money.
76561198272361478,Not Recommended,290080,22457284,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Shake Chocolate Milk,"Unless you exceptionally Love midieval, I don't suggest this game because 1. its glitchy asf. 2. Its filter isn't very good. 3. Its not very popular and this is an opinion but I prefer survival games to be multiplayer. But in the future, this game might end up being very popular but it isn't yet."
76561198040327850,Not Recommended,290080,18535840,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,GhazghkullMagUrukThraka,"this game sucks, i mean i want to play it and all, but i get grey screen flashing allways, and when i cant do alot becuase the controle are ♥♥♥♥ed"
76561197994758466,Not Recommended,290080,19332670,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,BaBa,"I've been following this game ever since it went into Early Release / Early Development through Steam.  I waited until it was a ""Real"" release game before purchasing.  I'd have to say, the coolest things about this game are the trailer and the ideas of what it could be.  The gameplay itself is boring and the world was constantly laggy.  Maybe it was the servers I chose?  I don't know.  But the gameplay was too bad for me to want to try anymore of it.As others have said, this does not feel like a true release.  The game ran and looked bad.  Here are my specs, I should have 0 issues running this game.  I wish I could get the gameplay like I saw in their videos, maybe I'd try playing it again.My Specs:Core i7 4790K 4.0 Ghz32gb DDR3 2400Loaded onto Samsung EVO Pro SSDEVGA Nvidia 980ti Hybrid"
,Not Recommended,290080,19350586,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,AOL Instant Messenger,"Faux hardcore, just stat grinding on stat grinding on stat grinding. The combat might be good, but tbh if that's why you want to play the game play mount and blade instead. Wish I could still get a refund."
,Not Recommended,290080,19350646,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,[VN] Sephtis,Devs dropped the ballMost servers down or hostileGood servers crash and restart 5 times a day or can't update
76561198071147399,Not Recommended,290080,31849074,Posted: 19 May,all,Hello gais,a♥♥♥♥♥♥game that is so bad that you cant even play it when its dark.plz just delete this game you cant make this♥♥♥♥♥♥eny better you cant even do♥♥♥♥♥♥ever and its dark so long
76561198141528724,Not Recommended,290080,12838256,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,ChaiVat,Bore-fest.
,Recommended,290080,22361870,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,The Funk Mann,grate game played a bit
76561198035864161,Not Recommended,290080,12167558,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Wayas,Why didn't I buy mount and blade instead? Why!?
,Not Recommended,290080,24049372,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,[old] birdskull,"Long winded, terrible game. Buggy as all hell."
,Not Recommended,290080,17597041,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Techies picker,No nope nahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
76561198067934834,Not Recommended,290080,24215563,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Big Boss,Terrible crafting interface not streamline at all needs a lot of work to be playable would not reccomend. DO NOT BUY!
,Not Recommended,290080,20277367,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Dr. Bloo D. Ninja,This game is basically malware.
76561198051460017,Not Recommended,290080,19268870,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,MrArzha,"Too many techical issues for this to be a proper release version. I cannot recommend it. Threre are even some pretty basic features missing in the server/character selection screens. Those were the nail in the coffin for me, and i uninstalled and asked for a refund. Didnt get it. The game is a waste of money in this state, imho."
,Not Recommended,290080,20338848,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Jaryd,♥♥♥♥
76561197970972260,Not Recommended,290080,22958928,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,GR4KK,Complicated....boring....complete waste of time. Takes far too long to do anything.
76561198049017979,Not Recommended,290080,28344053,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,MurdersBane,devs are scammers
76561198097035039,Not Recommended,290080,12155377,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Blu_dog,I know that it's an Alpha and I expected problems but it won't load beyond the title screen.  It will crash everytime...so uninstall and try again same results.  I won't recomend an early access alpha @ $40 that crashes before you can play.   Bummed.
,Not Recommended,290080,12207952,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Jawpz,Log into server.Server times out.Stab a moose.Game crashes.Ask for help.Responses are in Russian.Prepare some fish.Windows don't close.Play for 10 minutesGet the second life achievement.
76561198040634974,Not Recommended,290080,19020106,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,DiabloDraven,"I have played ths game long enough to know that trying to playing this game is trully feudal. The concept of the game is great, the mechanics thou having a high learning curve are nicely implemented. WIth that said, you will never get a chance to trully immerse yourself in the game due to the server situation. You log in and start to build your charecter and you are disconnected within 10 mins, and that is if you are extremely lucky. Drop all of your setting to the minimum as the forums suggest, nope, still disconnected within 10 mins. The public server are even worse depending on what other players are doing, if some one is terraforming, you are likely to be disconnected before you even get a picture on the screen. The game has been open to the public for over a year now, with the price tag of 40 US Dollars, the absolute worst investment I have ever made. Dont call it a sandbox game when I would even use it for a virtual catbox."
76561198003905582,Not Recommended,290080,19152883,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Yodaslayer,This game is not even sligtly plesent to play. Like I feel like I'm at work.
76561198090120118,Not Recommended,290080,23284389,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,NineHells,"This game is ok, but it is not worth the 40$ you are asking for."
76561197985573260,Not Recommended,290080,18698760,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Hade,"Bought it for play co-op. Didn't know that the game was actually designed for pvp. Seems single and co-op play were added just to sell more copies. There's really nothing to do in single or co-op play, except kill bears, wolves and each other (when you finally had enough). It takes too long to get anywhere. Tech tree is poorly optimized. Lots of lag with only 2 people playing.Recommended setting, 16 animals, anymore will also cause more lag (and it does). No NPCs. Loading this game takes a  long time. Very grindy. Updates are few and far in between.Over all I just found it a really boring game with not much to do unless you're into pvp and can find a high population server.Not worth the price, wait for a 75% off sale.2/22/16:Just tried multiplayer, it does not work. Friends can't connect. Go back to Early Access, atleast then it worked."
76561197972656202,Not Recommended,290080,19242980,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,The Haney,"I played a lot in EA. Whatever this is that released, is not that."
76561197987031616,Not Recommended,290080,18155421,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,😷🌺CLOUT KING,♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,290080,19151235,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,cody the poor,i ran into a huge game breaker. i cant change my options because when i hit esc it wont let me go to video to click on anything. plz fix
,Not Recommended,290080,12166118,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Mr. Moonshine,"other early access games seem buggy. compared to this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ they are nothing. Constant crashing, stuttering, freezing, and bugs plague the game. Not to mention how long it takes to connect to a server. I wrote this while ""Waiting for server..."". Maybe after a year of patches it might be playable, but for now stay away"
76561198130593784,Not Recommended,290080,16918982,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,jackmobob,absolute ♥♥♥♥ing trash. servers so bad that ive spent over 100 hours on this game and have never gotten in. over 100 hours of just waiting.
,Recommended,290080,32283076,Posted: 8 June,all,Farouk™,Life is Feudal: Your Own  :)
76561198091493600,Not Recommended,290080,18195259,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,JJ Strong Arms,It's not my thing
,Not Recommended,290080,23008088,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Grumpycow79,crap crap and more crap - not worth the money - people are not friendly and crafting is a huge learing curve that takes weeks to level
,Not Recommended,290080,19304731,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Physician,boring as ♥♥♥♥.really.it's just boring.like korean mmorpg boring.took me a few hours trying to build one ♥♥♥♥ing shack.
76561198086234265,Not Recommended,290080,26054931,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Senpaiii,cancer
76561198037744289,Not Recommended,290080,17922903,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,PlagueFerret,"I support indy developers (look at my game library)...but........................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...."
,Not Recommended,290080,29804792,Posted: 9 February,all,Пророк Кукурузного Бога,Piece'o'junk. Darn the Devs. Cost so much. No fun. Ima done.
76561198053366454,Not Recommended,290080,18211974,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Abu Shawarma,It's lame.
76561198091502819,Not Recommended,290080,18634253,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,GamerEricM,every time i try to play it keeps saying timed out i can only play for about 5 to 10 mins before my guy stops
,Not Recommended,290080,22775346,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Ashtray Lacey,"Released it too early, and the dev (Saxxon) is a ♥♥♥♥in prick."
76561198064525052,Not Recommended,290080,33033477,Posted: 30 June,all,[TROLL] Da HALOSHOCK,Don't buy its a broen pice of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,290080,22095648,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Heryn,"Mmm... No?How about ""no""?Just... No..."
,Recommended,290080,15877416,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Sanic,i picked grass for 30 minutes
76561198021900777,Not Recommended,290080,31297970,Posted: 22 April,all,Mr. Swede,I did not like this game. To complicated UI and stuff
76561198256277369,Not Recommended,290080,22461731,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Bamlett53,black screen at startup
76561198088885981,Not Recommended,290080,19160060,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,FellOffTheGrid,Game won't even start.
,Not Recommended,290080,13599333,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Red Steel,Interface is more confusing. Logged in tried to cusom my person. Couldn't. The bio is just as confusing and frustrating as the interface. Quickly I lost interest as I tried to do even the most basic commands. Feeling helpless. I asked for help in chat. Which is a ghost town. The echos of silence. Desperate started pressing buttons just to see what would happen. Lost more interest. Logged out.One day the inferface may be user friendly. The Bugs may be gone. It's still there. These Early Access games almost feels like a scam. The Devs are starting from scratch. I bought these game months. Logged in to see if there was any progress. Don't buy the game. Wait till its finished. It's more then bugs holding the game back. Its the system itself.
,Not Recommended,290080,20100794,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Techno Viking,Don't waste your money
76561197993805742,Recommended,290080,23819716,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Troyle,nice
76561198036188853,Not Recommended,290080,19840546,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,❀LB❀ Servius,Biggest trash heap on the steam market. IT DOES NOT HAVE NPCS!!!!!!!! THE VIDEOS SHOW NPCS. THERE ARE NONE! DO NOT BUY.
,Not Recommended,290080,12192668,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Goering,"Looks exactly like what most ♥♥♥♥♥♥ unity alpha games, but it isnt in unity. framerate drops to unacceptable levels when looking in a certain direction but should not be an issue with a game that looks this terrible. unless I'm missing something,  you can't mouse over your skills to see what they do. Most of the skills in the game and almost every bonus at level 30/60/90 or whatever is missing."
76561198041433484,Not Recommended,290080,19167298,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Sigurd18854,Made my 980ti beep from crash.......NOPE FOOK THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥M9!!!! going back to mount and blade where its safe...back to my happy place.
66606660666066600,Not Recommended,290080,22923043,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,wickedspider666,"cant figure out how to use furnace or kiln(and dont tell me to open the menue and add fule bc all it lets me do is inspect) and no animals spawn, please note im using the ""create a world"" option but still it needs work. im hoping this game gets better as they update bc when i bought it i had seen so much potential."
76561198004664667,Not Recommended,290080,19261756,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,BirdsofPrey,Grind the Game. Break twigs off of trees for 2 hours to raise skills so you can make planks out of wood. Aint nobody got time for this grindfest.
76561198202205177,Not Recommended,290080,22800640,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,LoikDank,wont load wont play wont even start ... i understand early access but this just doesnt work at all and i even tryed to get my money back and they said i had played 4 out of the 2 hours requierd to get your money back even though 3 and a half of those houres where failed servers and the game not even starting so i would not recommend this game at all
76561198092204669,Not Recommended,290080,19240539,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,CybOrb,"Its discussing that developers like these call a game like this finished and move on after taking your money..This game is BY FAR FINISHED!!! I WANT A REFUND IF YOUR CALLING THIS DONE!!! THIS IS A♥♥♥♥♥♥♥JOKE!!Awful graphics bad effects that blur out the whole screen.I've only logged in a few times before this game was called 'finished'as i wanted to play the game without all the bugs..So far I've logged on and within in minutes I'm plagued with bugs glitchy & graphics I would only expect from a PRE-ALPHA game.To call this game done is a joke and Proves mine and many others point that kick starters are nothing but a RIP OFF!and i will nto be backing anymore games through steam if this is the kind of standard steam keeps..I not only blame the lazy developers but also put this one and many others on steam as its through their name that we are all being ripped off again!! and they do nothing but take their cut..If you have not already bought this game or any other early access games through steam,then i would advise you NOT TO! so far i have had 5 games through steam that stop updateing a game and then call it finished, when it clearly is not even half done.HOW MANY TIMES HAVE YOU GONE OUT AND BOUGHT A GAME FROM THE SHOP THEN HAD TO TAKE IT BACK BECAUSE IT WAS ONLY HALF MADE? NONE WHY? BECAUSE YOU CANT LIE TO PEOPLE WHEN SELLING THEM ITEMS.. AT LEAST YOU NEVER USED TO BE ABLE TO STEAM SEEMS TO HAVE FOUND A WAY ROUND THIS LAW!!SO AGAIN DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM STEAM OR ANY ASSOCIATED DEVELOPERS YOU WILL ONLY REGET WASTING YOUR MONEY.. JUST A FRIENDLY WARNING.."
,Not Recommended,290080,22920199,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,iMoo,"Poopy game. Isn't worth $40, don't waste your money."
76561198212053448,Not Recommended,290080,18476211,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,SirSnipesALot,Waste of Money
76561198045439103,Not Recommended,290080,19140428,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Cody,no
76561197990878352,Recommended,290080,19135771,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,voltAG3D,01100010 01100101 01110011 01110100 00100000 01100111 01100001 01101101 01100101 00001010
76561198031572060,Not Recommended,290080,19160157,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Womb Raider ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Hail Gaben for the refund option!
76561198044240881,Not Recommended,290080,14051841,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Slavsson #3D,"this game sucks whont even start , dont sell a game if it dont  work  plz"
76561198036925626,Not Recommended,290080,19375150,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,WRFRND,not really.
76561198006612838,Not Recommended,290080,12157546,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Magneto,First time I tried to play I just passed the starting page and it got stuck. I waited during one hour to join a server until I gave up.Following times I always get stuck in main mage whatever button I click on. Tried to unistall and reinstall three times and problem persists. Not a computer problem as mine surpasses suggested requirements and it's only game it had problems with.Obviously I'm not happy at all with this product performance.
76561197961834530,Not Recommended,290080,31105885,Posted: 12 April,all,digdug,"Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ MMO is♥♥♥♥♥♥  Soo many reasons, too fed up to bother listing them all.I bought it when it first released and I remember it's ""potential"".Just received dissapointment.If they would get rid of the skill tree and keep the skill cap you'd make the game 10x better.The tree is just illogical.MMO is gonna suck♥♥♥♥♥because the combat sucks♥♥♥♥♥  You're gonna get a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of combat logging because players will have 2 characters.  One for crafting and one for combat.  Skill loss happens when you die, unless you have a rediculously high affiliation with the gods by praying once a day.Skill loss should only happen if you have negative relation.  Like UO used to do with RED/PK's.It's just a terribly thought out game.  They have this ""vision"" for it, and just wont budge.You might like it, and that's fine.  If they made the changes listed about, A ♥♥♥♥♥ON more people would like it. It also wouldn't change the game so people who already like it, woulnd't anymore."
76561197966829834,Not Recommended,290080,19134273,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Skuld,"Want to waste your money, then buy this game its♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198155519581,Not Recommended,290080,29912564,Posted: 13 February,all,IT'S A BIG FACIAL XD,Would have played this more but Conan came out .  .  .
,Not Recommended,290080,28180833,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,[KINGS] The King,"its essentially just ripping off the game Mortal Online in every way, but with far worse graphics, load times, UI, and nowhere near the detail in the building/crafting skills. oh. and you can play Mortal for free. this here is just a scam."
,Not Recommended,290080,18910822,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Darth Pliskin,"Building a castle in real life would be more enjoyable and probably take less time than in this game. Mining iron ore, then smelting said ore, then forging your own sword, and then hammering that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out would would be much easier in real life and take less time. Good idea, but utterly flawed in this attempt."
76561198147137203,Not Recommended,290080,17184747,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,1253086940z,♥♥♥♥ your monther
76561198154349915,Not Recommended,290080,22349991,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,The Lone Wanderer,uhhhh Name already taken 50 times was enough to drive me and my friend away from it. I wish I could have atleast experienced it but NOOO name restrictions destroys any hope of Rping with a name like DickLord333333. I wish that wasn't a thing. Never mind the fact thta the servers are empty alot and barely anyone or any cities are to be found
,Not Recommended,290080,18873568,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,hellam,unplayable
76561198097424781,Not Recommended,290080,23413274,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Sage,"This game is doo doo. I give it 5/9 million potatos.Donald Trump approves this message,"
76561198044384973,Not Recommended,290080,12159341,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Xazarl,This game is so far behind Xsyon and Wurm Online yet people try and hype it dont get it. Xsyon has better terraforming better fighting better building yet it still isnt great this is pure garbage and hype will die in a week.But il add its one of those games POTENTIAL LIKE CLG IF YOU PLAY LEAGUE. Never gets anywhere you get like tiny updates every few months and people get bored and goes beyond niche it goes super niche.
,Not Recommended,290080,23177174,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,☭,3
,Not Recommended,290080,18307548,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,b0st0n,I WAS IN THE GAME FOR 1 MIN AND IT SUCKED♥♥♥♥♥SO MUCH I GOT A REFUND
76561198009028534,Not Recommended,290080,12153252,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,thibo00783,the game dosent work the first time i tried to play i dont know what to do for 40 $ its not funny
,Not Recommended,290080,19134388,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Mr. Zakeyu,"http://oddshot.tv/shot/fortysux-20151117195734649nice game, refunded it"
76561198004531991,Recommended,290080,15453550,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Farvardin,"EDIT 2.0!!Played the game again and fought through the bugs to find the most immersive game in general I have played in a very long time.  (maybe ever)  Beware!  Very addictive and the bugs/crashes are frustrating to the extreme but, peel all that away and I think we finally have a real NEXT GEN game/mmo.  I have to say support this game.  If we do we'll have a flood of great games like this coming to market.  This will be a 10/10 game if it polishes and releases.  Some call this flip flopping I call it evolving with better data.EDIT!!I gave this game a good review at first!  Big mistake!!  No updates and the crashes are to much to overlook!  They still have done nothing.  Stay away!!!I love the concept!   MAKE SURE BEFORE YOU BUY THIS GAME YOU FULLY UNDERSTAND THAT IT IS ALMOST UNPLAYABLE AT THIS POINT IN DEV.If you purchase now and think you're going to jump in and play think again!  I have spent countless hours just trying to log in to play.  And if you do log in be prepared to lose the entire game periods progression for no apparent reason by the next time you log.  If you should purchase the game you are hedging for a ""finished"" game in the future.I can just hope they finish it..."
76561198067080774,Recommended,290080,17145313,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Stringfellow Hawk,"LIke the game, no real issues yet.  Only thing so far I do notlike is they should have called the game ""Digger"" casue that's about the biggets time sink in the game.  You dig a lot        a lot, needs to be a easier way to dig out areas.  Ive gone through at least 100 shovels, they just dont last long enough and digging out some sections is hours of work.  Other than that good game so far"
76561198103819352,Recommended,290080,17054598,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Vital,"That's the first time my wife is unhappy with me due to the ammount of time I spend on this game. Extremely addictive!Just one note: if you are even 1% casual player - move forward. Not casual at all. I mean it! For most hardcore players only. Damn, it's fun!"
76561198028135761,Recommended,290080,17069639,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Rektangle,"I'd reccomend this for fans of the medieval RPG genre. However, PVP is still as of yet glitchy and unreliable. Definitely a buy and keep if they manage to debug 90% of it."
,Recommended,290080,16911951,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Ghostkillah,"Don't believe the negative reviews, this game is a wonderfull team based medieval building game, if u manage to get on a stable server the game can give u hours and hours of pleasure, fun and excitement. If u cant manage to get on a decent server u can also stil host ur own server like i do  : [EU] 24/7 Life is Feudal (new player friendly) no wiping :The game is stil in development but it has loads of potential, if u are able to look at the bigger picture u wil see that for ppl who love medieval sandbox games there is a lot to do :)For ppl who only like to play fast games, this game aint for you, it takes time !Kind RegardsGhost"
76561198060088710,Not Recommended,290080,12532993,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,RazzleDazzleRootbeer,"This game has a lot of potential.  I agree with many of the other reviewers; price is a little steep for the current state,  and be ready for sloooow  level grinding.  I understand where the devs are trying to go with leveling mechanics, but it restricts you to one server without having to start ALL over, and personally it's too slow.    I spent an entire evening trying digging a tunnel for some ore within 10 blocks away...augh, I gave up.Since this is an alpha release, I hope as new things get implemented or refined.  Atm, I feel that my real life would be sucked away if I tried to create my own little town.  If you think about it, this is not want the devs currently have in mind... either (A) they want you to be part of an active village with other people to effectively play this game, or (B) live as a serf and spend your real life grinding for levels.Also, be ready to relatively poor graphics optimization.In conclussion, I'll wait a little longer to come back to this game and see what they add."
76561198157758279,Recommended,290080,16871499,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,TrapMan Twinkie,"This game has a lot of potential and I know it is taking a while for them to update it but I would 100% recomend this game. Some of the mechanics take getting used to but some of what the people say in the negative reviews are true, very grindy, lags a lot and crashes a lot. One thing I HIGHLY recommend is finding a friend or making some in game because doing it solo on this game isn't difficult, just very, very, very tedious."
76561198153406005,Recommended,290080,17358586,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,danieldgauthier,Sorry guys for the rudeness I take back all the stuff I saided I think its on my end why i can't connect to a server.
,Recommended,290080,16944887,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Loopan,"The new update was great,"
76561198184506785,Recommended,290080,17543403,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Grenadier Guard Harvey,VERY MUCH Promise i suggest this game if you have Friends i dont so i get bored but anyone get this feel free to join the Aalvion Server im looking for Tsar
76561198029142399,Recommended,290080,16582405,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Xcrossing.tv,"This game is early Access right now. So for thoes negative people out there dont forget this is not a compelte game so keep that in mind. this game is like the New Minecraft, but with some limitations. this game allows you to damn near build any castle you want and manage armies of friends or people."
76561198096228990,Recommended,290080,16032501,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,uannayven,wow what an amazing game.but a problem it wont let me load my new worlds.i am not saying it is bad it is relly good game.
,Not Recommended,290080,12243021,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,MotherPhuftbucket,The game has the engine of a potato and the game mechanics of a vegetable in general.
76561198037768500,Recommended,290080,16687678,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Robin Da Hood,"Great Game, Still Needs Work But It Will Get There!"
,Not Recommended,290080,13772365,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Onionike,"This game has long load times and a slightly confusing control scheme. The gameplay feels too slow (Though that is a big part of the game). At this point I wouldn't recommend this game, but I'll be keeping an eye on it because it looks quite interesting."
76561197977894861,Not Recommended,290080,16543252,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Zythen,"Not worth the buy, you will spend a lot of time doing things that will be wiped or cheated away."
76561197999360469,Not Recommended,290080,16547498,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,idais31,"ok,i get that this is an alpha. ive alpha tested and beta tested many games.(eq 2,dc universe,eq landmark,star wars the old republic,h1z1 ect ect)but this is by far the worst. i got this game back when it came out and ive only bin able to play it twice.once when i joined someone elses server and once on my own.now i cant even play it.all i get is a message telling me it stopped working.maybe one day in a year or two itll be better.but im really tired of these video game companies releasing ""alphas"" like its going out of style and then telling people,""but its an alpha""well you got the money from me now use it to fix something...what ever happened to putting out a great game with very few bugs and only charging for the dlc??now its charging us to help them make it???this keeps up and im going back to console games..."
,Recommended,290080,12166935,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Tyrone Olajida,"Well, alot has changed. the game works and is great. a tad hard for a single guy who doesnt have friends. But anyways great game if you have friends not so much if you dont."
,Recommended,290080,13615023,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ludnificent,"Needs more rounding out, which will come but I've had a blast playing it. Needs more longevity that a full release will give."
,Recommended,290080,13620815,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,pattispencer04,"Good game! Has some issues with how long it takes to log in. As well as I understand learning the game, However I don't want to have to watch you tube videos to figure out the game because its that hard to figure out. I understand its still being worked on so I think this game will be a good game in the future."
,Recommended,290080,13934178,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,{E-Z}Jack,life is hard.
,Not Recommended,290080,13821109,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,HIRID,i'd love to know how this game works but if i cant join servers then i cant play then i have nothing positive to say so until further updates i dont recommend.
,Recommended,290080,13747726,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Azza1070,"Pros>Reasonably sized world, definitely good for up to 100 players>Rarely any bugs that drastically affect gameplay for an early access game>Player interaction is reasonable (killing each other for no reason is rare)>You can play for hours and hours, there's always something to do>There are plenty of skills to level up>The music is amazing>This is definitely a group gameCons>Can't remove finished buildings/anvils/houses/campfires, etc>Can only claim shacks/rooms for 2 days>Eagles can get pretty intense (loud) when you go to a higher mountain>Weird vision glitches on sides of moutains where you see through entire map>There's a lot of stumps lying around that no-one can really be bothered to shovel"
,Recommended,290080,13749352,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,KenRychard,"This game is  tediuos and mind numbingly boring, and I love it. So far, its the game I have always dreamed of.  Picture Minecraft flexibility with Skyrim beauty.  Unless you are playing on a server with accelerated skill leveling it takes time and real work to accomplish much. But when you do skill up enough to actually start making things the system is workable and realistic, as well as complicated enough to be a puzzle to figure out. Some of the crafting skills are so interelated you WAnT help, and the construction needs so much material teamwork is neccessary. Which is why I and my 2 sons have bought this game 3 times so we can work together!"
76561198052285227,Recommended,290080,13766601,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,xr_jaxx,would run and hide behind a tree like a lil b*t*h to see all my town mates die Again!
76561197984985614,Recommended,290080,15722444,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,bodil,"Bought it when it first game out, it was pretty crap. Logged in about 3 weeks ago to a good server and had a blast.Got the best weapons/armor all solo and tried out raiding. Turns out you can't loot basically anything from buidlings, and if you actually want to PVP the hitbox detection is complete garbage. Ragdoll lag and whatnot.Decided to♥♥♥♥♥♥of a GM and beat him in a 1v1, which he promptly banned me for. I feel like soloing him was my best accomplishment to date.It's got about a year to go until its really playable as it currently lacks content at ""endgame"". But I feel like I got my money's worth."
76561198041737659,Recommended,290080,15874074,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Balerion,muito bom !!!vale a pena quando se tem um grupo de amigos para jogar
76561198042251811,Recommended,290080,15657700,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Spaghetti Hallo,I spent 60+ hours making my base and now its gone...... Why do i really enjoy this game.
,Recommended,290080,14464517,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Aqua,"Great game, but could be better.  Waiting for more updates."
,Recommended,290080,14475952,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Blink Ensu,"Is the current version of this game worth $40?In a word? ... nobut it has the potential to be. So if you have the $40 bucks to spend on the possibility of this game being awesome then by all means spend the money and support the devs. just be aware it is a gamble and if it pays off you will already have the game upon release.The developers have stated frequently they want to continue developing this game no matter what and thus far I have seen few reasons to doubt them. What they have so far though is a start and a lot of work to finish to be released Q3 2015 which I do not see happening seeing as the alpha has so many features untested such as:-guild system (number 1 for a reason)-ability to burn towns, destroy buildings etc.!!!!!!-horse mastery-build seige engines ... you can build the workshop-potion usage (you can make potions but are unable to drink them currently)-shifting terrain from tunneling to terraforming or vice versa-crafting balance-weapons balance-various skills and special moves etcAt this stage of the game the worst armor for protection (padded) is also the most difficult to make due to the limitations of farming flax. Whole fields of this stuff (100's of plots) plowed, fertilized, harvested, tanned, spun and then loomed (days of work) deosn't give you enough cloth to make 1 piece of armor .... as opposed to leather which is almost as free in its movement and offers better protection can be made quitre easily in an hour or 2 as can plate, scale etc.That is just one example of balancing issues needing to be made in the limited version of the game that is thus far playable. There are many others ... not the least of which is combat. Right now there is no reason to level up anything other than leather and bows (which means you have to level up slings /cringe) but once you and your friends get there no one can fight you. A 100 quality royal plate wearing, shield using beast can be easily kited out and killed in only 4-5 shots by a bow user who doesnt get scratched. The plate and/or shield should offer more protection imho and don't even get me started on item quality ... or the difficulty of mining granite (I single handedly built a keep just about) but I digress.Now that I have loaded up the bad news .... the many things this game has going for it are varied, and individually they are good reasons to support the devs. Putting them all together is why I will recommend this game despite the negatives listed above.-character customization via attributes and skills. There are so many ways to make a useful character within the proposed skill cap it's actually kind of daunting. The complexity is mind blowing.-terraforming (I know it is a grind but the terrain flexibilty is awesome)-variety of buildings/structures to be made .... they actually have so many they need a better way of organizing it.-the immersion into the seamless world ... or in this case, island-real time combat-ability to use strategies and build accordingly with the flexibility of the sandbox-the need for friends ... while not strictly necessary, it is an MMO and life is feudal. Having friends makes things more enjoyable. Many mmo's these days obfuscate that point. Not here. It's in the title.-limitations are what you expect them to be ... for the midievil times.I would highly recommend convincing some friends to make a village with you."
76561198118573430,Recommended,290080,14476702,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Succ....,"I really recommend this game but there is only a few things i do not like ok so can you please make it easier to life on your own also make it to were you can play offline with castles and compute armys and last thing i find a little wrong is can you make it were if you claim something its yours forever cause i hate it when i claim something lost internet and come back with everything claimed by someone else so that is it if you can do that then this will be the best game i have ever bought and i got 95 games also you are most likey not reading this will because there are 1,565 commets well this will make it 1,566 commets so if you are reading this thank you for makeing this game one of my fav but please fix and add these things i would think you would get more likes and buys"
76561197978414125,Recommended,290080,14572268,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,RWG Big,"Fun game, cant wait to see where this game goes...this is a RISING STAR...this game will be amazing, its still early and buggy but still fun..so much crafting and in-depth playing needed but in end worth it! You definatly need help from your buddies in this game otherwise it will take you FOREVER to build stuff and progess lol.."
76561198013746675,Recommended,290080,14499681,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Promiscuity,"Steep learning curve but if you like open sandbox crafting type games this is it.  Reminds me of Wurm withe better graphics .  Give it time requires at least 20+ hours before you get the basic hang of it, playing on a PVE server until you get your bearings is the way to go vs PVP as you are still trying to learn."
,Recommended,290080,14104119,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,I N F I N I T E   S P O O K,"The serious bugs that were being exploited are for the most part fixed, at least in the servers I play on. Overall, a wonderful game, if you don't mind how time consuming it is. It takes forever to build anything. Very satisfying, though."
76561198008005797,Recommended,290080,14823617,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Asharru,"My first review was originally bad as i could not play at all, after researching some things on corrupted files i got to play. and by overlooking some simple but sometimes very annoying bugs, i cant see any reason why this game could be a bad one.i absolutely love it, allthough dirt digging and flux hunting is one of my least favorite activites.can recommend it to everyone that wants a fun game with abit high learning curve and dont mind things to be time consuming. will be interesting to see the finished game.9.5/10"
,Recommended,290080,13092337,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,KROBE,this game is very time sink intense.. fun..interesting..maddening ..and did i say  TIME SINK..but still fun..
,Not Recommended,290080,12391254,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Doctard,"currently has a couple of bugs and it lags a lot for less powerful pcs, but beyond that i'd definitely recommend this game as a nearly flawless combination of mount and blade and minecraft mechanics, with a brilliantly done skill system and difficult crafting. if this ever does become an mmo, im sure everyone will be playing it, and if it doesn't, i'd still recommend it if you want to actually put work into making a simple villageedit:the game turned into forced-teamwork minecraft, not open world mount and bladedo not buy"
,Recommended,290080,12634234,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Lion of Panjshir,"According to this webpagehttp://lifeisfeudal.com/LiFYO#compare, ""Life is Feudal: Your Own"" is a smaller version of a Life is Feudal MMORPG, in which there are a lot more of features such as guilds, land owning, siege systems and more that will be launched later. I am not agains't the game itself, it is great to say the least, but I paid $30 for a smaller and with less features version of game. Buy at your own risk.Update 7 November 2014. READ THIS BEFORE COMMENTING SCRUBS!I requested some help on the LiF Forums, and as a reward for Purchasing this version, you get a free character slot for the MMO."
76561198016484206,Recommended,290080,12406557,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,goatgas,"A fun Game with a whole lot of potential, kinda of rust like but no zombies(finally) and ppl kos. this game REQUIRES cooperation with other players and their specialties. Nice to see a penalty for malicious behavior which also helps inforce the need to cooperate."
76561198130564820,Recommended,290080,12390398,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,danny1234331,Not worth $40.
76561198002637393,Recommended,290080,12186754,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,TNox,This game is really great and for you crafter types out there this is dream come true.I haven't enjoyed an indie game like this since Roma Victor for anyone who may have played that.If this game got the support and funding it needed it'll be truly amazing.
,Not Recommended,290080,12249999,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,The Big Burrito,"People will defend this game but in its current state, I don't reccomend buying it. It's ripe with greifers and the time I've sunk into has basically been wasted by the stupid claim system and unlockable chests. If anyone wants, they can grab your stuff and set ownership of your house. It's incredibly frustrating and bad design.It may be improved, but this game feels a lot like the stomping lands. I would suggest waiting on your purchase. It's fun, but not 40 bucks fun at the moment."
,Not Recommended,290080,12250741,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Cornhole,"Shouldn't be anywhere near £25, maybe £10 at the most. Buggy as ♥♥♥♥ overall. Combat is terrible at the moment. Hope it actually gets worked on as it's a good idea."
,Recommended,290080,12253374,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Pet My Pussy,"When i hear the word ""potential"" this is what i think of. 11/10 would craft again."
76561198046087852,Recommended,290080,12253657,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Drk Art,"Great game, little buggy though. I cant wait for the final game."
,Recommended,290080,12253681,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Ryluke1204,"This is a review of an early access title, all work shown is subject to change and the review is on the 0.1.8.0 version.I have spent a few hours on this game and here is what i thought;After jumping into this open forest i had absolutley no clue what i was doing. The help guide seems to be lacking some things to tell you, such as what to actually do. I spent a good twenty minutes running around wondering what to do, lucky enough i met a friendly player and he sent me on my way with the knowledge of how to collect and craft. I then started my adventure in this very big (and very green) world before i got bored and realised that this game is NOT meant for singplayer, you NEED people to play it with. So after getting some people from my ESO guild we went on our way scouting for a good location which is when we stumbled upon a moose, a wolf and lake which at first seemed like the start of a bad joke but I soon realised that wolves were no joke in this game. After a insanley glitchy fight, some crazy server lag and a respawn we eventually met up and continued our journey for our future home, where we came upon a nice ridge on the mountain and prepared for the vibrant town to come alive before us! ....four hours later we had a nice mine and bit of flat land set up. This game requires patience, a lot of it. This game isn't meant to be an easy rush to be the best, it is hard and I'm glad as nothing is more rewarding then seeing a town come to life that you started from the bottom up! To get more into our review of the game we decided to cut a corner and move into our friends village which was situationed on the Island off the coast of the main land, we arrived to see a nice little set up and decided that five of us wouldn't be able to do it. After some discussions in Global chat we managed to get some lone wolves to come to the town and become a villager, so now I will start my day off tomorrow in my little community.  Me and the fellow villagers then started to discuss the games potential, one point that came up was people claiming lands and creating a kingdom of sorts and a player who has built it all up being the king. This itself would be a very good for the game but then we also thought, with the seige warfare being implemented what if multiple players claimed themself to be the King/Queen, the wars between kingdoms and the borders would be so great so now i would say we are incredibally exicted for what is too come.So from this gameplay i came to think, as an Early Access  game, this is great. It's got a lot already implemented in the game and has a lot of support behind it to show it hopefully will not become another Stomping Land! But as a game, not so good. So obviously if i was you i would wait, while it has a lot in it at the moment it could use so much more and right now it is just a grind, Always be weary when purchasing Early access!"
76561198021747724,Recommended,290080,12254625,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,ICEMAN,Love this game!
76561198005677570,Recommended,290080,12258113,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Wooly Mamoth,"What can I say?Alot of potential already but needs many hours of development to see this game making waves. The current build is usuable but lacks some of the most useful gameplay basics. It's hard to start with but once you get underway and understand the mundane activity of gathering wood, plant fibres and flint then you can start to appreciate the games basic premise. Build stuff and specialise. Team work makes this game ALOT easier.When they introduce more game mechanics, working combat and balanced gathering I can see myself spending hours on this game."
76561198023365618,Recommended,290080,12258794,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,MedDivine,"First of all im not a Pro Gamer, but i like games so maybe it helps the devteam to look closer at it.I played it for about 6 Hours so far, here comes my first review of this game:It makes a lot of fun :beer: , its very detailed, and i could play it hour after hour, but some little things are bothering me (maybe they are in the next patches until full game), here they are:#1 Moon should light brighter in the Night because its too dark in the night, and if i push gammas high the day sunlight looks like the sun exploded so bright does it shine#2 Animations are too long by default for my opinion, maybe shorten the bar time for collecting etc. Building is ok if its take longer but also a little too long#3 a tutorial would be nice how to build your first building (like the shackle) which skills or level of that skill you need for that action#4 the skills should be explained better what they make or which actual actions you will get if you proceed further, (like terraforming skill you have first observe, raise, lower and get with higher level like flatten etc.)#5 some graphical glitches in higher regions/in the ground or wolves (like: i saw just the backend of the wolve), animals , but nothing dramatic and i know its very alpha#6 The GUI should be more adaptable, like i dont want to see the system messages or move/close it in an edge or the body graphics smaller/bigger or on the more on the sides,#6.5 The Map is nice made but the buttons aren´t really self explaining, it would be nice with a mouseover what it makes if i push one of the buttons#7 Graphic isn´t the newest but functional (Graphic don´t always to be like UE4 or Cryengine etc. main thing is i see what i do or make, in short: feedback for me), and its very very early to say so maybe improvements over time could do the trick and i have full understanding that´s an alphaThat´s for now i playing it further maybe i get my first shackle after i found out how (I flattened 4x4, i learned skill to make boards and building logs, i have hammer and saw equipped, but it didnt work, what am i missing?)"
76561198016201367,Recommended,290080,12259056,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,@TheSirFlipsALot,"Combining ambition and great ideas gives Life is Feudal the potencial to be the one Open World Sandbox to end them all.As the alpha is already a very enjoyable expirience, this game should be a must-have for any sandbox fans out there as soon as it hits gold status, and even earlier if you don't mind the 'alpha expirience'.Definately recommended!"
76561198028148716,Not Recommended,290080,12438334,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,caltrop,"As others have said, it's got great potential. The work that's already done is not worth $40.Also, this is NOT the MMO version of the game. This is a version used to host private servers with some limited features. Not bad, just not what I expected."
,Recommended,290080,12398919,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,M2,Great game! Very community based.
,Recommended,290080,12401351,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,AlleBalle,"In my opinion, all those people saying its to early for a release or that its just a bad game, have not expreienced LiF as one should. It takes some things to get on the bright side with the game, and the major part of that is friends. Also, since its merely impossible to survive alone, I would say that having other people, close people, to play with is the key to a ""successful gameplay"". Joining a new server alone absolutely do work also. I am playing with around 10 of my friends on a server. We are having such a great time, and I think my addiction to the game totally depends on the social part. Also that there are other mystical players out in the world that may come by at any time."
,Not Recommended,290080,12276003,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,KahajiitStoleNothing,"N卡的bug还没有修复，官方也没有任何表示。。。Many people have post the Nividia GPU FPS issue in the community since the game released, still its not fixed...and it seems like the Dev team don't give a damn...if they cannot fix this soon, I want to ask for a refund..."
,Not Recommended,290080,12221853,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Captain Caboose,"This game has a lot of potential, but it's not ready for the public, and certainly not at $40.The game takes forever to load, even when installed on an SSD, the servers crash a lot, the interface is buggy, and so on.Also, when you close the game, the process doesn't end for at least a few minutes after (I got impatient, I don't know how long it stays for).They should have waited until it was running better to release it."
,Recommended,290080,13638604,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,{HB} Android D Rex,"It's a little grindy but i don't mindy, so much fun!"
76561198021161445,Recommended,290080,14580330,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,THE_WISE,"""macro"" is your friend.Poor of update"
,Not Recommended,290080,12184922,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,BandAid3030,"I originally recommended this game in September 2014 with this review:""This game is like Mike Tyson in 1985 - Raw talent, heaps of promise and the ability to change the way we look at the industry in the future.Unfortunately, at this point in the Early Access it is plagued with issues. You must know before buying this game that the Early Access (as of Mid September, 2014) is very much still Alpha and lacks a lot of cornerstone features that you would expect from a $40 game.I would still recommend this game to those who can afford to invest in the future gold that this game may bring to the table, but I can't stress enough that you need to be prepared to wait for it to develop into the feature packed game that we all want it to be.""Now, I would heavily suggest against purchasing it.The game itself is a great concept. The problem is that the devteam suck at weighing a $40 game purchase against alpha requirements. The updates are piddly and take a long time to come through, the updates are buggy and break the game somewhat when they are released, and when you have a game that demands HOURS of time to build things, it's unacceptable that a new update would start to vacuum off your buildings, objects and artifacts. The most recent upate (1st March, 2015) has taken several hours of construction time and flushed it.I'll update my recommendation as we go, but for now, I suggest that you give it a miss until the developers get their act together.Final update:Don't support the Alpha. Buy the game when it's done on the back of the reviews at that time."
76561198007262287,Not Recommended,290080,13150946,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Wrath,9 Apr updateGame hasnt gotten a worth while update in a long time and most of the updates it has recieved have jacked it up to where it isnt much fun anymore solo or with others.  Not to mention they plan to go to some rediculous pay crap for mulitplayer.  Only thing that wold fix it is a random world genorator... fix the broken patches and add NPC's for some solo play.Oh and I still have all the same original complaints.-----------------------------------------------------Update:  Figured out the LAN thing.  The games a 100 times more enjoyable with at least one other person.  Still have a complaint though and thats that the game can run the server in the back ground but  you cannot swap characters you make on youe world server.  Also once you close the game you have to close the server to start it again because steam thinks the game is still running whne you only have a server up.  Thus you end up needing to wait the five minutes to open you own server all over again and kick whoevre else is in the LAN off.  I have seen where you can use other programs to run an outside server but its been annoying to try and figure out and the tools server version doesnt work at all as standalone you have to use outside programs to make it function which is also annoying.Games still fun though.----------------------------------------This game seems neat so far.  Only bad part about is you cannot really play with friend.  No matter how many servers you make or try to get to direct connect it doesnt work very well.  So plan to play solo or with strangers.
,Recommended,290080,13685652,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Scape,Doesn't start 10/10
,Recommended,290080,14248444,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Feminist Triggernazi,"Jumped the gun a bit, and gave it a bad review because of an issue I was having. A devoloper commented himself and told me how to fix the problem, now that i've got it working the game is still a bit clunky but its getting better as I learn plus its good to know people who work on the game look at these reviews.: 7/10"
76561198062540982,Not Recommended,290080,12236731,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,noksookao,"So far so good. Just make sure you find a server that is stable and operates 24/7, as you can't have your characters cross over servers.EDIT: Changed my mind. Rancid puss ridden joke of a game."
76561198008528920,Recommended,290080,12539504,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Arntsen,"Sort of like a mix of Rust & Mount & Blade. Only 1000 times more fun than Rust, and maybe 10 times more fun than M&B.That's it, this is my review, don't like it? Screw you! I haven't had nearly enough coffee to write anything spectacular."
76561198093406366,Recommended,290080,16833292,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Lenno,"have played for a month now. really one of the best games i have right now, a little hard in the beginning but if you have friends who support you it will be almost easy. and to all who want to play on a good server, join the swe roleplay server, it is truly the best"
76561198128352781,Recommended,290080,21294227,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Marhe_Widur,"With some improvement i enjoy playing the game, but it's keep so hard if you playing alone, i recommended to play with some other player to build your kingdom together."
,Recommended,290080,19146300,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Foxy,"I want to like it but the controlls just don´t feel good... it takes so much clicking just to get 1 twig from a tree, something in real life only takes a second and yet it takes the same ammount of clicking to build a campfire, something wich in real life takes much longer... i just wish the controlls where better and more intuitive for example: equip a shovel and click ground to dig, equip axe and hit tree to get wood and twigs.... ill keep trying it maybe ill befriend it at some point... but right now rust is still my open world sandbox of choice...Edit: After playing it some more I have to change my review to a positive mainly because of how smithing works and how much fun it is to make things once you know how.It´s still fidgety and does not have the best controlls or smoothest interface BUT if I get 30 hours of gameplay from a game that costs 20$-30$ its still good value for money."
,Not Recommended,290080,19237033,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Hanate,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ i cant even make my own world (this is NOT my pc as i played it fine on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop, but when i got this new computer with intel core i7, gtx 960 geforce and 8gb ram it doesnt work because it got updated and they broke it.) I higly recomend saving your money to buy something else than this♥♥♥♥♥♥also the game crashes and steam sais it is still running, but i have checked task manager and it is not!dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,290080,23040190,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Kavis,Fun if u can afford slaves
76561198105101222,Not Recommended,290080,23424782,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,iSagan,"The content is lackluster at best and the development is extremely slow and basically neglected now that they've started building an MMO. So they've left a project one quarter finished to start another.With Chronicles of Elyria coming fast, this game will be left in the dust and there is no one to blame except the dev team."
,Recommended,290080,26975918,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pvt. Hudson,i gave this game the 2016 grindfest award... it will always get nominated for this award for as long as i can nominate it so.
,Recommended,290080,20284160,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Duncoup,This game is a full time job.
76561198196840709,Recommended,290080,20903724,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,sin10027,"I really like the game (the concept), but you need a lot of time, and patience."
,Recommended,290080,20882798,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Pynch'ma Buhm,It's like wurm. but better.
76561198014024543,Recommended,290080,20842032,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Old Profile: The Dulf,"Got a love/hate relationship with the game. It has a long way to go til it's worth $40 but if you enjoy the idea of a 1st person ""stronghold crusader"" game with the creative freedom of ""minecraft"" then you'll love it."
,Recommended,290080,21070885,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Bane,Stole a basket with 40 Apples.10/10 would steal again
,Not Recommended,290080,21061962,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Tubalube,"Grind, grind, grind. It gets very old, very fast. The online community is pretty great though."
76561198036886144,Recommended,290080,21068923,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Doberman,"Now that new content is up and the stability is much better life is feudal has taken over my life, Guilds and cooperation are essential and to make things extra fun i play on the modded Arkaya server which has proved superior to vanilla servers. I would recomend this game to anyone wo does not mind a bit of grind a murder"
,Recommended,290080,21060406,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Larry (new profile in desc),This Game is SO GOOD!
,Recommended,290080,21061306,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Ze,Love It Does Need Something To Keep Playing For Hours At A Time
,Recommended,290080,20785656,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,SkippyG,"Not for those new to mmo survivals, shows much difficulty..."
,Recommended,290080,21047954,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Hoboshoes,Difficult to learn but very good roleplay game.
,Recommended,290080,20752279,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,ForHyre,"Very fun, sense of accomplishment."
76561198046497849,Recommended,290080,20922389,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Afrofish,"; i cant complain at all alot to do and accomplish and a challenge to boot, keep the updates coming and ill load more hourse into this game. To everyone that reads this, give the game a shot its well worth it in my books, go hunt and skin animals, that gets boring go make a mine and smelt become a blacksmith, o wait your bored of that? then why not stop and go search for herbs and make medical / chemical applications.... wait theres more? ya how about you become a farmer and plow the land and plant / grow crops. you need to get rid of that food tho? yay go become a cook! ya ok there is alot to do in this game it has mixed reviews and my review is i love it and cant wait for more to come! Life is feudal: your own is for sure my fave PC game to play with friends. 9.5/10 the other .5 is coming when they update more and keep adding features and alot more are coming and i can not wait."
76561198027761064,Recommended,290080,20925516,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Vidar Torbjorn,"Logged in and  created My Charcter,Made a black smith hammer,Got into a fight with some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Now i own 3 two handers and 3 sets of reguler chain.(Slings Helped79 for LIFYO out of 100"
76561198008147759,Recommended,290080,20985381,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Titler,"Grind...Grind...Grind till you cant grind no more, then you get a shack! A+ realism and RP"
,Not Recommended,290080,19133709,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,eno152,So... when is the MMORPG coming out?
76561198273517277,Recommended,290080,21166988,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,SaintGod666,"First time playing, spawned on an island.  Had no clue what to do.  Tried to swim the ocean and drowned.10/10would try swimming across again.(P.S. just look up when your swimming a lake or ocean.  Unless you are carrying too much weight, you will drown.)"
,Recommended,290080,20827769,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,HorizonDragon,"omg LOVE this game. I has everything... BUT omg it takes forever to load!!! It's a bit buggy with crashing... but its tight! Awesome! If you are a PVPer, like realism, and full loot this is for you. If you are a mindless carebear bewarned you will leave crying!"
,Not Recommended,290080,12928217,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,[BWC] DaveSkillz,"Great game clunky combat but very good content ALOT OF CONTENT! but with further updates will be much better and they happen quite frequent :-)Just taught i would edit this review just to say. I STILL LOVE THIS GAME its getting much better both content and optimisation wise. Cant wait for the mmo to be finalized.Well done to bobik and the team for making one of my most favorite games. Over 400 hours and anouther 200 on my old account :-)(EDIT)They are more focused now and the looks and scenery of the game these days that real fixes have been trown into the void. Its now become a look at what this looks like at Pax, Gamescon etc. The game is broken and most things that have been in the game from release never or will never work as intended. i know im going to get some of the usual the games not finished yet.But it should be it is released as finished and was released only because of their new dx support and HD graphics that didnt fix anything at all important.Since released on early access not much as added in the terms of content and most fixes broke more than they fixed.As a released game this is a negative review as my last was positive considering its state at that time which hasnt really changed at all.Since my last review nothing has really changed at all. This is a released game yet it fails to even act like one. Yes the game has great content and ideas but most of which are not working or terribly buggy.Alot of items in the game since Alpha still do not work. The land mass and water will never function for the Sawmill, moats bridges etc as there is a water level that doesnt flow naturally. For this to be fixed most the game would have to be re-writen due to terraforming mechanics of which is most the game.I did love playing this but feel no reason to again as it hasnt produced what was promised and doesnt have much in terms of fixes except breaking more ingame content. Yes i know thats what happens one thing gets fixed and it breaks another but the fact they fix one thing and break 10 others and ignore them for months makes it a released game being treated like an Alpha.I cannot recommend this game anymore. And most are hoping the MMO will be better, If they cannot fix the lag, fps, items, combat etc etc etc it will be 10 time worse in the scale of the MMO."
76561198043945273,Recommended,290080,21752193,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Wuzzy,"So, you're starting this game all your own; well first off do you have 8 hours to spare?  Good, in that case here's a primitive shovel; now get to digging that land. Why you say? Don't worry why, just know all this hard labor isn't for nothing!  In another 2 hours you'll have your own little hut you can call home.   Well until the server wipes and you have to start back over!But hey, Life is Feudal."
,Recommended,290080,21146205,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Ethan Tokes Kronic,"Awesome game with tons of depth, heavy grind in the beginning but with a group it is really fun! Very much so a simulator and compared to other survival games like ark, this is really hard!"
76561198022452108,Not Recommended,290080,21170989,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Probation,Water in this game is so usless it will kill you instantly due to lag and then all your belongings are lost in 2 foot of water due to bag issues. I wasted half my time with this game on its usless menu system and upkeep with the animals that require way to much upkeep and die way to easily.
76561197966863021,Not Recommended,290080,21157739,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Highbeam,"Don't waste your money.  The game is too slow to load and crashes a lot.  My 'played time' went over 2 hours just trying to connect to a server and stay connected for 5 minutes without crashing and starting again.  Now I can't get a refund...When I got the game running it was just boring.  I can dig holes quicker in real life and everything takes an age to do...  XP goes into the endless decimals because it takes so long...It's meant to be a game, not a replacement for real life.  I don't want to come home and spend 4 hours leveling ground."
76561198123144308,Recommended,290080,21165001,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,dsilla,"Yes, I'd gladly recommend this game, but not to just anyone.To enjoy LiF:YO you must be someone who appreciates detail and minutiae, and is seeking a fairly detailed and realistic simulation."
76561198071043604,Not Recommended,290080,21156102,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,brian.meek.bm,"I have posted about this game before but today has drawn the line at ridiculous. Over the course of time since I bought this game while in pre-alpha I have watched the devs of the game fight to update it. And to their credit, they have made many changes. Some of which have made this game now unable to even launch on my system!!! I have just spent the last thirty minutes trying to get into a world map and play and everytime the world was about to load, the game would crash. As a matter of fact, from what I understand this game has had a history of crashing ever since its launch on steam. Among a host of other bugs. It has been too long for me but if I could I would get my money back for this game. The idea was gold back in the beginning of 2015. But somewhere along the route of your roadmap, you changed the graphics to make the game look worse IMO, and caused a massive amount of framerate issues for most of your community, and now, whatever you tried to do has made the game unplayable. And I know its not my system, I am running an alienware beast machine that plays all the latest. If this ever gets fixed I will change this review, because I really did love the start of this game, but it looks like the devs are really only focused on the MMO, which I would bet this game was the test tube for. Quite brilliant actually, create a shell of a game to test all of your features and content with live players, AND make them pay for the privilage!!?? Brilliant."
76561197974368567,Recommended,290080,20628668,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,BakedFoSho,Hands down best game i've ever played!
,Recommended,290080,20650938,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Guardian,This game is a pretty good survival game. If you like building and crafting the system for that is huge. Be warned though this game is not for a player who wants a mine craft experience. This game is much more indepth than that and less forgiving. Life is feudal Wiki will be your friend for crafting :)Noob Friendly / Mostly virgin server : 69.162.127.210:22312http://life-is-feudal.org/server/6411/
76561198015051661,Recommended,290080,20612092,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,yourfunkymusician,Whilst it may say £24.99...the true cost of this game is any sort of semblance of a real life outside of it :).
,Recommended,290080,20636389,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,towedjumper,"I will preface this review by saying I am truly enjoy survival and construction games.  Particlarly when they have an unforgiving bend to them.  I played wurm for several years and truly enjoyed it before its recent decline of private servers.After 46 hours of play and managing to play my way into intermediate stages of the game.  I enjoyed my time in LiF   I would love to see the game succeed.  If you love survivor/builder games this has a good skeleton.  It needs some tuning to be excellent in my opinion.  The engine provide a beautiful setting and the visual landscape is artfully rendered.   Most objects look like they fit in the theme.  Terreforming was good.  Building and character advancement were all fun and exploration of the land enjoyable.   This is early access and I provide the following feed back in support of the game, not to spite it.I enjoy the game but came to a fundamental conclusion that the skill tree's are fundamentally too simple and merit broadening and deepening.  There are several walls that force dependency on other trees that are too heavy handed and could be developed in other more compelling parallel tracks.  The skill dependency advancements on prior grinding, specifically, of things that are non related is not very compelling game play.  Nesting rope behind cleaning chicken coops made no thematic sense to me...  Just seems like a designed block that was poorly implemented.   A player should be able to explore skills with out so many dependencies nested so deeply in other trees.  I found it frustrating after having ground out a skill to only realize I was blocked buy another skill three layers deep into another tree.The combat skills are also blocked by arbitrary nesting.  Please, can somebody tell me why the bow skill is nested 3 layers behind leather armor?  forcing a player on player beating to grind into it? Nothing was more frustrating to me than making my first bow and then realizing I had no way of using it...   Basic combat skills should be grindable from 0.    Hit boxes on mobs are too small in some cases.  I can swing at the♥♥♥♥♥of a moose and hit zero.  I suspect its too far forward and given the animals AI to run its a recipe in frustration not amusement.  I did desperately try to beat that moose down with a hatchet!!!  I hit him about a dozen times but could never hit him in the rump.  It would have been nice if he had turned and squashed me as a casual suggestion...Farming mechanics around fields becoming fallow are over tooned to the over dependancy on fertilizer...  Or else you need to implement a dark age manure spreader!  Coops should be earlier in the construction skill tree and produce more manure faster.  Feeding coops is problematic in the early stages due to the crop fertilization thing.  It seemslike a broken dependency.  90 level skills seemed to make little difference on production.  I found that oddly disatisfying.  If I grind it up I expect better results.  I would prefer to see skill gains slower but more meaningful.Building and property control, specifically around destroying things needs some work.  The builder should be able to destroy something regardless of monument status.  Making a wattle fence in the wrong spot early on is a long time to correct...Food is hard early on and camp fires break too often.  I can understand fueling but the campfire should not need to be rebuilt so often and further if it breaks should be deconstructable so I dont have to have three broken fireplaces in my camp in the early game.  Fishing is just eye gougingly painful...  It should be broken out from hunting.Reparing things is a problem.  I would prefer to repair my tools than have to make 10 of them knowing I will burn through the stack in the early game.  A tool should feel like an achievement and the quality of the tools should be something that can be improved post production.  It gives a better vehicle to grind than just spamming objects.Boats would be just damn cool!Early game storage is seriously gimped and the wagon should be able to hold ore and stone.  As it sits, that seems just very broken.  I built one and was grossly disapointed in its utility.  It should be a game changer in materials moving and is just, meh...Random herb properties are very cool.  I think that was a brilliant idea harkening back to AC 1.  Nicely done.  Combat has great promise.I really have such high hopes for the game and hope this feedback and its direction is recieved with the best of intentions!  Please keep developing and I look forward to frequent revisits and patches come."
76561198164073453,Recommended,290080,20671799,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Travis Wolfe,Ok so I got this game and maybe a min in I get in a group.Group leader is like ok see this mountain cut it off and make it a flat top.We did had made huge base I dont know about you but when you attack a mountain  keep its hard just ask ever player that tryed ours.Game is really fun without friends you make new ones. Have friends that play this game is gold.
76561198049544792,Recommended,290080,21777052,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,medussa ram,"hi all,,this game is great,its sometimes not that easy explained but if you have a brain and some time too spare you wil get good at itjes jes you have too grind,,but honestly all types of games ar somewhat a grindfest no mather what you have too do in that game,,bugs ,there are still some i now but its minor and not gamebreaking,f you wanne play,do it on your own server or play on a server where the settings are good, manny servers have very have skill progress settings and very high skillcap,,this is good too learn the game at a fast pace and learn / do / test all that is in the game,, aslong as you remember that LIF MMO wil be slower progress and way less skill cap pointsthis game has flavor for all,,you wanne be a hunter,,farmer,builder,herbalist,,,, o manny things you can do,or combine several things in 1 charif you have a friends group its even better you can learn the game and choise a profession so all things can be done even with a smal groupalso a good thing in LIF is that you can resculpture your char in stats and skills,,it wil take some time and effort but you can do it,so you are not bound and need to delete your char to do something elsethe seisons are also nice ,real weather tree's landschapes all changes ,chraphics are also good and the rpg is nicecombat is stil somewhat awkworth at times the inventory system is not my thing i like boxes in my invent but its doableif you dont like RPG ,you want it all ,or do it all, or dont wanne play in group then i would say its not a game for youthere are manny games like this around but they dont have the dept of LIF,, i would give this game in the status as it is now 8.5/10"
76561198255437040,Recommended,290080,21826584,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,DeadlyKash,good game
76561198112387077,Not Recommended,290080,21806353,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,SLERG,mulitiplayer didnt worklow to now frameratealways crashingbeen happning ever since a updatebefore it was a good game
,Not Recommended,290080,12187316,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Ertik,"Small independent crew make this game, and HOLYY HELL ITTS GREAT!!!!-----ADDED-----After a year in the making, and looking at all the bad reviews, i decied to edit my own.The Menus have changed, but it isnt hard to figure out.The Graphics have changed, and looks even better.More skills have been added in.This game takes time, lots of it if you want to make a decent sized town. But hell, its still in the making, yes there are bugs..... there are bugs even in fully released games that are done with developing.I still will recommend this game to any of my friends that have played any other Sandbox game. Due to the fact that stated above. When updates stop (which i do not see them doing any time soon) is then i will stop playing......--------ADDED-------------------this game was once good, but due to almost giving up on this game and working on an MMO game, the devs rarely, if ever, fix thier bugs now a days..............a year ago, i would recommend this game, now a days, i will not.............."
,Not Recommended,290080,15372782,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,[DaC] NecroLust,"This game has left Early Access? Thats such ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t there is still unfinished and extremely buggy things. This is a bad joke, look I had a nice review and took a break came back saw it left early access and saw somethings were diff but still it is incomplete. DO NOT SPEND $40 ON THIS! DO NOT SPEND $10 ON THIS!!!"
,Recommended,290080,24982049,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Christoph Skyy,"Its a good game if you enjoy grinding and RP. It can be fun with the right community. The price is a bit steep for what you get, but 200 hours later I think I got my money's worth."
76561198018701667,Recommended,290080,25001063,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Vitronis,Awesome game hands down!
,Recommended,290080,24993985,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,ehni55,"I have to say, I really like this game. I just would like to see options for NPC's on your island that you could either befriend or compete with.The crafting in game is ridiculously detailed. This is a huge plus for realism but not for time if you know what I mean.The island that you play on is okay, it would be better if you could choose from several different islands or land masses to play on.All in all, if you are looking for a time consuming open world crafting game, then this is your game."
76561198054716832,Not Recommended,290080,16531307,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Dick Cheese,Biggest regret of my life
76561197970372079,Recommended,290080,27933512,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lupin The Great <Fin>,game that has lot to do with friends and lot to loss if you dont defend it
76561198103336826,Recommended,290080,19759408,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Stoerder,"The best builder out on the market now.Best graphics and most immersion.I read a lot of complaints about bugs before buying this game, guess i bought it after those were patched, cos i havent had a single problem yet.Also raiding is not such of a problem to builders in this game, the walls are not easy to demolish like in ArkWhat is important tho is to join a group, it is barely a game for lone wolves"
76561198122649873,Recommended,290080,24999389,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Mattbuchan2,i would let this game fist me if it wanted to
76561198006322518,Recommended,290080,29255699,Posted: 14 January,all,Cyfear,"Love this game and will love it for years to come. I'm not hyped for the MMO but YO version is where the really fun is to be had. Have a little patients with this title as nothing happens fast (unless the server settings say it does but that'll ruin it's longevity). This game is beautifully put together and asks the player to think things through. If it wants to improve on anything, then its player customization. It lacks in this area for both creation and in game content such as armour and weapons. However, it's good with a great future"
76561198001922665,Recommended,290080,29952039,Posted: 15 February,all,Dr. Micks,love it
76561198023130923,Not Recommended,290080,12275893,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Vonknauss72,Even after a few hours of playing I can see a huge potential for this title. It's allready quite enjoyable and pretty easy to learn with a logical skill/crafting system. Ofcourse it's still a very early product but this can be great and I mean GREAT if the devs work hard and listen to the players.Update 18.01.2017:So It's been 2.5 years since I reviewed this game in its very early state and I thought it had potential.. But still after release the game is nothing even close to what you would call a finished game and WAY to expensive!.. The MMO doesn't show much improvement from LIFYO either so I think I'll just ignore this in the future
,Recommended,290080,29750350,Posted: 6 February,all,Pitch☭,You can create a horse slaughterhouse.
76561198081574224,Recommended,290080,29791175,Posted: 8 February,all,Tucker,This is a very fun game. It can be pretty grindy though depending on the server settings.
76561198083908170,Recommended,290080,15826376,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,chefflerdog,Love this game. it is the best out right now in my opinion.
76561198152962499,Recommended,290080,29910667,Posted: 13 February,all,RiceSpeckle,"Its a grind, but its a grind on your♥♥♥♥♥♥;"
76561197986801491,Not Recommended,290080,12218276,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Javin,"Unfortunately, I've had to change my vote to a Thumbs Down.  The game has just gone in a completely different direction (and slowly, at that).  In the 2 years since my previous review, the game has exceedingly slowly gone downhill.  I'm sad to say it's no longer what I had envisioned it becoming...Old Review:I'm giving this game a ""thumbs up"" for now, based on what the game *could be*, not on what it currently *is*.This is my game.  And by this, I don't mean that this is a game made for me, or a game I ""like"".  I mean this is literally a game that I designed from the ground up.Let me explain.I'm a wanna-be game developer that's had a game design formulating in my head since Ultima Online came out.  The basic premise of my game would be heavily influenced by Ultima Online (such as it's skill systems, resource systems, even the inventory system, and the ability to loot people you kill).  However, it would also be a game completely ""built"" by the players.  You'd basically drop them into a world that was empty, and it would be up to the players to build their houses, communities, cities, etc.  To that end, it would also need a robust resource collection and mining system (not unlike minecraft).So this was my game.Well, someone beat me to it.  My wife and I just stared slack-jawed at this game, at how precisely it was exactly the game I had always talked about making.  I'm not accusing the developers of ""stealing"" my idea at all.  It's just that clearly great minds think a lot alike.  So clearly, this is a game I want very, very, very much to play, and enjoy.Unfortunately, the game is still currently in an early alpha state.  The fighting mechanics are fairly broken, and you can crash a server by doing some simple in-game tasks, such as using a sling.  But I say again, it's in early alpha.This game has the potential to be THE game I've always wanted to make/play, so for that reason I'll give it the tentative ""recommended"" with the assumption that the developers will get all of these quirks worked out as the development continues."
,Recommended,290080,19168990,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,0k mmr wisp main,"PLEASE READ THE WHOLE REVIEWI would like to start by saying i get ok fps in this game and i dont even have the best computer, i get a solid 20-30 fps with medium settings, which is better than i thought it would be. but sadly thats all the good i can say about this game, now i do realize that there are bugs going around and the game was just released on directx 11, but i simply cannot play the game without it crashing every 5-7 minutes. i know that the devs are trying to get this new version optimized for as many people as possible, of which i sadly will not be one of those people for awhile, my gpu is completely unheard of to most people i mention it to. but im patient, i can wait for this game to be optimized for me, and im not saying this is a bad game, but i simply cant say much positive until the bugs are fixed, and i know the devs are working hard to get this game working better for everyone, and i thank them for that, they showed some dedication by rolling out patches immediately after people started complaining, hopefully the game starts working better for me and i can get some solid play time in this game and give it a real review. but for now ill give it the benifit of the doubt because of the devs dedication to the game. oh yeah and i crash when i open the map, pls fix, thank you.That was my review a log time ago, maybe mid 2015, I cant say my fps has improved a whole bunch, but i can now accually play the game, and i can honestly say that I love it, but before I begin I must say that this game isnt rust, its not ark, its not even dayz or miscreated. I can honestly say that this is the hardest survival game on the market, it takes an immense amount of time to get anything done in this game, think you can do it alone, you wont get past being a hermit in the woods living in a clay shack. This game requires cooperation, not just because its a pain to collect some resources, but because you simply cannot become a jack of all trades, there are exceptions with some servers, skill gain and skill points are increased, but any popular server probably wont have more than a 10x rate. But please dont let this discourage you, (unless your a wimp when it comes to survival games, go play unturned on easy) the game usually has a wonderful community and is fun to play with friends. I say this all from experience though my play time has been only for 2 playthroughs yes thats right over 300 hours, two playthroughs, and other friends with close to 700 hours. I wouldnt say the price is 100% worth it, unless your really pumped to play it, i bought it for near full price and dont regret it, but others might, do more research beyond my review, because if i told you all i knew about the game, my review would be a link to a near 10,000 word essay persuading you to buy a game. If you have any question you need answered message me or leave a comment and i just might respond."
76561198020322972,Not Recommended,290080,21005198,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Kevin,"Changing my review a bit I suppose, new patches have destroyed what YO was, they are using it as a testing ground for the MMO which will be a laggy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  I would recommend waiting for other games like this to come out.  The devs break more than they fix, hopefully with their new income from the MMO they can replace themselves with a better team.I would only buy this if you are fangirling over the MMO and want some practice before you get thrown into the large world of PvP (MMO probably won't be done for a few years yet, considering it took them 4 years to get YO to where it is and it's barely in beta status)."
76561198039907588,Not Recommended,290080,21305489,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,G[B]H Bestial - Deus Vult!!!,"absolute rubbish , snowflake devs and worst coders on the planet, do not buy."
76561198006062083,Recommended,290080,15172155,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,MAHES77  (aka Bran Muffin),"They made a lot of changes since i first started playing. this game can be done solo but make nice with the people around you and trade for things you might need to get things moving. They need a few more aggresive animals to kill other than wolves, boars and god help you if you are new.. a bear. maybe toss in some bobcats or mountain lions or anything newer player would have a chance to kill.skill tree is a lot different now, like you need farming to skill up forestry and you still cant use a bow till you level up crossbow. that never made sense to me. sling... crossbow.. then bow ?if you are new find a PVE server and learn to ropes then maybe you can jump into a PVP. If PVP isnt you bag then hang with the PVE. Always plenty to do and animals to hunt.Love this game. Love the group we play with ( KNIGHTOWLGAMERS ) cant wait for the real deal !!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,290080,28243292,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Eos,"I'm going to write a new review for this game based on my experience with both the wider Life is Feudal community and what I've noticed the direction development is going. My original, positive, review is still at the bottom.First of all, there's a lot of potential here. The idea is solid, even the idea of open PvP and making it difficult. So this review isn't based on that.I'm not recommending this game anymore because the community as a whole, and the developers who seem to encourage them, is toxic and hateful. If you don't enjoy the same aspects of the game as them -- hours of grinding, running around killing and griefing players who are much weaker than you, and mocking them in various venues -- you get ridiculed. Roleplayers are openly attacked and made fun of on the forums and Discord. Casual players are dismissed. And the people who are labelled as members of their team on their forums and Discord encourage and engage in this behavior. This game caters to a very niche section of the gaming community and while I hope that changes for right now I would suggest trying another game.Original: This game will ruin your lif(e) while also feel like you need another LiF(e) within LiF to escape from LiF(e)."
76561198126539416,Recommended,290080,28957875,Posted: 2 January,all,Iain the Hunter,"Note: The MMO is coming out very soon, so my review of YO may be completely irrelevant at this point, but nonetheless, I feel like writing this.Second note: I had given the game a thumbs down, but the developers switched the client to 64-bit, and there are no longer any game crashes (except on the rare, rare occasion). So, I've decided to give it a thumbs up. There are still some issues, but the game-crash issue, I've struck through it below, as I don't believe it applied any more. Good job devs!Review:I have played the game for over a thousand hours and I've had a lot of fun with it, and have even made some friends, but overall, I feel like it's a game that's still a bit off its potential, based on the following reasons:- Game crashes...they are multiple, and with multiple reasons, and each reason is difficult to address. I've lowered graphics settings, which helps a bit, but eventually, issues arise again. I've bought better systems, upgraded ram, switched my GPU to better performance. Still, crashes are common and disturbing. You can crash on another player's claimed area in the game, lose the horse you're riding, or crash during a battle and get accused of combat logging, or crash while you're working on something in your camp and burn up materials. It happens far too often and it smacks of major game instability, and for a game like this which has been in development for years, it's rather shocking.- Servers wipe after a month or so. I believe some servers have lasted longer, but not much longer, and towards the end, servers start crashing more often, and getting lag, and it all seems to centre around the fact that the game's not optimised to handle the thousands of variables that exist wihtin the program. Players are constantly told by game masters to 'dig up their stumps' after chopping down trees because if you don't, it causes lag. Really? Why? That makes no sense. The game should be able to handle all of the players' activity without ever slowing down or totally crashing altogether, which eventually results in corrupted files and a wipe, and sadness. Great sadness!- Extremely time-consuming to build things. This wouldn't be much of a problem, and it's potentially a great aspect of the game because it means you appreciate what you've built, and it means you won't max out all the game features within a week and get bored, but because of the aforemention server wipes, it's extremely disappointing to spend a month building a terrific settlement and establishing trade with other players, then lose it all because of some unexplainable issue with the host, the server, the game masters, etc.- With YO in particular, the game masters are setting rules of play, in order to create a server worth playing in. That said, many players break the rules and get punished unevenly, or not at all. Players post caustic comments in the global discussions chat because they lose something--a guild war, their belongings, their life, and create a toxic environment that the other players have to sort of 'enudre' until it dissapates, which can sometimes go on for a full hour after it starts, stressing out other players, and the game masters who have to sort out the mess. This is less about the game and more about the players, but it is a dynamic of the game, and it can make for a very unpleasant experience. I suppose it's bittersweet, this aspect of the game, because on the one hand, some players can make for a very rewarding experience, but on the other hand, there are those who will stop at nothing to ruin the experience for everyone, and I've had too many experiences like that to really give my thumbs up to this aspect. I've played on many servers, and it's a common theme, unfortunately. A work-around could be to carefully choose servers, but that's not easy, and at the end of the day, don't we want to play games to have fun? If they're causing us too much stress, and causing us to constantly make difficult decisions, or log off unhappy, then it's not a very positive experience. Choose another game altogether.- Combat is bizarre. It's very unnatural, in the sense that you can swing your weapon and hit a player, but it doesn't really look like you've hit them. The opposite is true also, in that you look like you hit the player, but no hit is registered. Combat is also very difficult, which can be rewarding, but because of the awkward nature of how characters interact graphically, it seems like a bit of a joke. I hardly ever engaged in combat because of this aspect as well as the difficulty in mastering keyboard controls (as opposed to using a handheld control, which is much easier to manipulate). It's another potentially rewarding aspect of the game that, after years of development, hasn't reached its potential, and I'm beginning to wonder if it ever will. Coupled with server lag and game crashes, combat becomes more of a chore than entertainment.I give this mixed review in hopes of improvement to the game, because there was much that I loved about the game, but its grand theme of creating a kingdom of your own making is too elusive. As much as I've played this game, and on different servers, not once did I ever see players build the largest structures that are on offer. How can that possibly be? Why was that made to be so difficult? So difficult that it just never happens. I feel like there's a great idea that the developers just don't realise isn't attainable in its current form, even after years of improvements, slow improvements, that have sometimes (often) been accompanied by the introduction of new bugs or unplayable game dynamics.I do hope developers one day succeed in creating their masterpiece, but I'm going to have to give them a mixed review for now."
,Recommended,290080,26831337,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,David Heckmann,"Just 5 more minutes...My Game Rating: 8,5/10"
76561198055527644,Not Recommended,290080,14541937,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,matmoos,it looked grate but 10 minits to load in to game is redicaules i am runing windos 10 on mev driveand 16 gb of ram geforce 1060 with 8 coure cpu   if you not got alot of time  to play you wonthave the time to  load this game  i only get 20 to 40 mins to my selth as i am a carer
76561198150455715,Recommended,290080,20642833,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,SparkPlug,"Started out, Got fortress up, started building more, made allies, went to help allies when attacked, killed 5, then one throws naptha grenade kills us all. Do it again R8 10/10"
,Recommended,290080,22643290,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,<AKA>Fre4kDahKid,"This game can be very challenging to new players, but once you get past the first struggles, you're set for very long sessions of fun.I suggest looking hard to find a server that fits your playstyle; some servers have harder / easier settings. I used to hate this game, but after giving it another go it turned out to be the server I was playing on's fault. Community also has a great impact.+Very deep / realistic gameplay features.+Modded servers+Graphically good-Requires quite the hardware to run on highest settings at 60fps.i7 4790s / GTX 745 (4GB) / 16GB of RAM and I can only reach 60fps on lowest settings.7/10"
,Recommended,290080,31350288,Posted: 24 April,all,Gallon of Milk,Best survival rp game in the market. worth the money if you like grindy heavy community based games
76561198090906960,Recommended,290080,31477727,Posted: 30 April,all,Demon Queen Destiny,Boxed a ram and won 10/10
,Recommended,290080,20027464,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Arthur_Landale,"god damn it, i still have faith in this game"
76561197991310426,Not Recommended,290080,29682324,Posted: 3 February,all,Al Mustaneer,"The game is ""complete"", but it's really buggy and doesn't feel complete"
76561198133503612,Not Recommended,290080,15860922,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Zenoshi,"I liked the game  , some newer concepts, nice herbing -nerfed, gathering ,limited skills now , crafting interface , a few not so good points , slow loading , big download each time  , limited amount of people per server , waving grass and trees which with any latency is a killer , Dev's keep adding new content , graphics , by the time is finished , better have high end computer , or be sitting in their studio  .  And with all that , is it  still worth playing ?Note for Developers : Please add controls to disable waving trees  , grass , fix the tub rack bug ,and change the draw distance form 10,000 to something reasonable , i have a great gaming laptop and that plus a few other things like 800 ms or higher latency makes game the game tough on cooling   . Seems this game follows same path as a few more , show off what great things can do and not fix small things .May 2017 Life is Feudal MMO - what can i say , seems this game is going the direction of a lot of games - advantage older player - kill all the new people , and kill the game as well . Why spend hours and hours grinding a skill - and crafting , building , when someone just kill you and take everything ... I saw great potential - groups of people building towns , cities , roads , trading , - not going to happen , granted a few eu guilds doing ok , and ganking all the new people , collecting all their stuff , and this is still Beta - lol  , i paid for early and beta , but will not be playing  , to many games like this already and most or all already dead ."
76561198090756512,Recommended,290080,19748024,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Nate,"A fantastic game, if your looking for a great community to join and spend hours and hours living in a medival world this game is for you."
76561198325449038,Recommended,290080,31776164,Posted: 15 May,all,coby11989,"This game is for the most part what i have been looking for in a survival game... Im still fairly new to the PC gaming world, but for me the only complaint i have is that i wish the process of building was a little more fluid and simple. or easier for newcomers to grasp.. Other than that... GREAT GAME! def recommend!!"
,Recommended,290080,21986729,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Yanni,"You just need alot of people to play with, I recommend going to a big server and looking for a guild right off the bat, they will help you learn the game and get♥♥♥♥♥♥done, the more people in the guild, the less grind on each individual, never play this by yourself, it's terrible and boring as hell."
76561198006223612,Recommended,290080,32187478,Posted: 4 June,all,LordzMatrix,I like it...you may too.
,Recommended,290080,33678813,Posted: 20 July,all,Tbosh,Man if you really want to grind and get into some very cool RP try this game out.
,Not Recommended,290080,33583082,Posted: 16 July,all,DarkKnight,"This game has seen little to no updates in last year.  Community has slowly died off because of it and all that is left is trolls who think that ""Hey you stop or ill shoot"" is role playing.  If you want a Medieval Rust/H1Z1 this is ur game otherwise dont play this game.ABANDONED BY DEVS"
,Recommended,290080,33701913,Posted: 21 July,all,clownboy152,how are we going on the mmo version
,Recommended,290080,13581046,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Leonin,"I editted my original review to change the current status of this game  7/21/17.   My first review of it was that it was a terribly poor game,  slow progression,  dead servers,  the list went on and on,  on why you should'nt buy this game.         Well I said I'd return out a later date and give it another chance and several years later,  I can say that they fixed alot of my complaints.   Yes there are alot of dead servers but there are still plenty of ones with a playerbase that has been extremely helpful even if it was a competitive server.     With a decent group of 3 or 4 players it is a very fun, rewarding game.    Its still more realistic than every other survival game out there but it isn't mind numbingly realistic except for a few small tasks.        If you and a few friends are looking for a neat little midevil survival sim and want to sink a ton of hours into it,  this one will definetly fit the bill."
76561198008424843,Recommended,290080,33725796,Posted: 22 July,all,[MMI]Davis,"Been waiting for a developer to be brave enough to try a game like this. It's for a mature audience and takes patience, but it's well worth the money and time. This game is a literal medieval life simulator with a complex combat system, paired with a unique crafting system. Everything in the game is made by players. Every event is set in motion by players, this game is a breathing world and you're missing out on it. Buy it!"
76561198039856731,Recommended,290080,13742995,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,SmeggyEggyDip,"I am redoing my review.I have had this game for several years now and although admittedly I haven't played it enough to have gotten some real stuff done in game to qualify as being fully informed on the content, I have experienced advancement in this game to what I believe to be sufficient to write a review. My review however will focus on what are the major points on this game.Pros: You can host a server on hamachi or buy one from as little as £3 a month which will allow you the freedom of being able to play on your world whenever you want.The graphics are nice.This game is literally a peasant simulator. You can spend hours in game to build a small shack even with the help of a handful of friends.There is everything you need to roleplay a medieval life from primitive tools to a major castle.ConsAnimations are a bit clunky.The main cons however is not the fact that you need to grind ages to play this game as that is what this game is about, rather the fact that unless you play on a massive server you wont have any REASON to progress. On a massive server you would build fortifications to defend against other guilds or kingdoms or whatever. But if you're hosting a smaller scale server with a group of friends then weapons are only needed against wolves or bears which are rather rare.To ammend this the introduction of 'Natives', which I've seen devlogs from January about, would bring about the feel of danger and the arms race to progress. However the natives look like fantasy-esque skull ladened monsters. This doesn't fit in with the existing theme and I'd much rather they just used existing player models to create AI factions which build their own stuff whom you can trade or war against and maybe bandits as well.This brings me to my final criticism which is the fact that this game, although very complete in a sense, won't have this feature implemented because it has come second to the Life Is Feudal MMO.I really hope the Devs see this and implement it because they've added everything the game needs to do what you can do.. but no reason or life to it which makes the world empty unless playing on a 64 man server. Living with or alongside or against AI settlements would be a game changing feature. Otherwise the game is still fun, just lacking. Also a cost of £25 pounds is unreasonable and deters new players. A cost of £14.99 sounds better."
76561197965284652,Recommended,290080,33708314,Posted: 21 July,all,0verLoRd,Excellent. Very immersive
76561198028964089,Recommended,290080,33722863,Posted: 22 July,all,Autistic Vader,It is pretty hard going solo. The game is downright beautiful to look at.
,Recommended,290080,13188262,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Ќɨɲǥ ώɨℓЌ$,"It is not abandoned ffs! I wrote to support yesterday and got same day reply.Best medieval world builder I played and will continue to play for years and many agree.Almost too.. complex system of building and crafting, not for part timers but for people with patience and the need for realism.As for updates, well over the years they have added loads of the missing parts and I feel its pretty much complete. I could play this for years as it is and to me it is near perfection.If it isnt for you or your a whiny button masher that wants insta thrills go play something else as this is for people that want realism, grinding and patience.I cant state how good this game is enough. look at my hours of play, youd think if there was any truth in the lack of content, why am i and others still hammering away on it. Cos its a truly great game. (if you like medieval of course)Not only did I buy it once I bought it 3 times for my kids too so its cost me £75 ish and I still think its worth itDont expect to play for 30mins to try it, other than just to see if it runs on pc I guess maybe.  To truly get the idea of the massive content you need to play it and stay with it and become great slowly.i7 7700k20gb ramradeon r9hybrid hddsb audigy rx32"" monitorAsus prime b250 plus mba seata deska floorand a cat that eats crisps, cake and anything not nailed down in my kitchen, even stole my fresh pizza from my fridge."
,Not Recommended,290080,16242155,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,BD,More like Life IS NOT Feudal. I bought the game early on and I was ENJOYING it despite the bugs and the resets. I can live with that. The problem is they turned it into farmville(with nice graphics). They forced out PVP ...making it only availible during certain times and most servers don't even allow it because the only ones left are farmville players who want better graphics. Hopefully the MMO version which realistically comes in October-December range is what they have talked about will improve this.
,Recommended,290080,15728378,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Haravin,"I originally gave a negative review for this game, but now that its not so buggy and its actually quite fun to play, I'm going to give it a positive review."
,Not Recommended,290080,20933045,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Scipio💯,"I joined a server, found the first group of players I could and infiltrated their ranks, I then stole swords and armor from them and eventually led a coup to take over the village.game of thrones /10"
76561198035874128,Recommended,290080,12295463,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Professional Donkey Herder,It's okay when you get into it
76561198149677548,Not Recommended,290080,24992415,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Flick,"After 300+ hours of playing this game i decided to do a review, I was suprised to see this game with overall mixed reviews. I thought this game would be in the ""Overwhemingly possitive"" ratings. There is much grinding in this game, but if you can get pass the grinding it's really enjoyable and keeps you coming back for more. I usally dont like games that you have to grind constantly but i made an exception for this game. Why did i make an exception? That i couldnt tell you but youll know when you start playing and actually give it a chance.UPDATE: Devs abandoned this game."
,Recommended,290080,16459890,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,[PVG] Skeithl33t,The magic wore off fast for this title. Ultimately crappy servers and support. Do yourself and avoid any Early Access surivival titles. You;ll know when a real one is released AAA style.Edit:It has been many years since I wrote my first review. I have spent many hours playing the game recent. THe community and crafting system is rch. I was luck enough to be included on a server called RPCLiF. It change my opinion of a sandbox completely. I rate this thumbs up for hard development and community.
,Not Recommended,290080,25225133,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Gnomebo,Needed more content ages ago and not an MMO that only people in US and Europe can play. People anywhere else have over 500 ping on MMO aka unplayable.
,Not Recommended,290080,25217126,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Jarmenkell,"meh. cant be asked yo write a review, just like they cant be asked to give the mmo with this . i dont mind paying a subscribtion."
,Recommended,290080,34858980,Posted: 10 September,all,Sid Ruddock,"I play this game alone. And it's hard.  I don't mind that.I'll put in two or three hours once in awhle, and patiently build my kingdom over a number of months.  It's a great game.  Not perfect, but not bad at all. I'd say it's worth about 15-20 bucks.  Especially if you have alot of friends to game with.I wish there was more wildlife - specifcally, animals - in this game.I think I saw two animals in 20 hours.Besides the fact that there are no squirrels, birds, horses, or any other signs of life, it is a very realistic feeling game.  I love how you have to search for the right type of materials for your job, and plane the land before building etc, it all adds to the immersion.I would definitely recommend this if you have friends to play with.  Buy with beware if you think you'll be playing alone or have no friends to game with, which is my case,"
76561198018360877,Not Recommended,290080,19543013,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,jlockwood30,"A grind simulator, bug testing for a seperate unreleased mmo game you'll have to pay for again.  It was fun for about the first five hours then the shine wears off."
76561197990807422,Not Recommended,290080,19457364,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,𝓦eedzy,Wow.LE: 10/3/2017 : Wow. Garbage.
