user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197969333702,Recommended,290300,19866082,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Mr Fisk,"Rebel Galaxy... Bought it because of the soundtrack in the trailers... Took a gamble and hoped it would give me some entertainment... Man was I surprised...Sooo.... Breaking it down:1. You will feel like a frikking space cowboy.2. Music so damn good that you want the soundtrack in every possible format.3. The sheer size of this game is just shocking! Did NOT expect that when I started it.4. Broadside battles between two large spaceships might be the coolest thing ever.5. BROADSIDES!!!! (It´s so damn cool I had to mention it twice!).6. Voice actors are actually kind of good for a game thats not a AAA.7. Did I mention broadsides?8. Simple, but complex.9. One bug, ONE(1!), found during my entire playthrough. EA, Bethesda, Bohemian and just about everyone else, LOOK AT THESE GUYS AND LEARN!!! It was not even a gamebreaking bug! All it did was made me crash into a station after warp and my ship autodocked, which I had planned to do anyway so the bug actually made me save some time since I didn´t have to ""slowboat"" all the way after warp.Downsides then? Yeah a few actually, but many of them is just me being picky.1. Game gets repetetive after a while and considering how many ships there is you may just finish the story halfway through the ship line.2. Main story line is waaay to easy.3. Considering it´s a space game, you may actually believe there would be free flight in all directions... like up and down... but nope! ship stays leveled and all you need to think about is right, left, back and forward... However this is forgiven thanks to the awesomeness of broadside battles.4. Soundtrack makes this game, without it (sometimes the music stops) it just feels empty.5. Characters kind of lacked depth and you probably won´t get too attached to them.Despite the downsides I still give this game a solid 7/10. It has the right ""feel"" to it and It´s absolutely one of those ""If this gets a sequel, the devs will get it all right"" kind of game."
76561198046565259,Recommended,290300,18639075,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Skull Leader V1,"To some this game will be a disaster that you hate, especially if you want a realistic space sim.Others will find it an exhilarating experience, ""dumbed down"" enough and arcadey enough that it's playable for the masses especially sinceyou're locked in 2 dimensions.PLEASE RE-READ THAT AGAIN.Your ship can not move up or down, only left or right, in space. To many this will be a deal breaker.But wait!I tell you this game is a blast if you give it a chance. It will have you on the edge of your seat having a good old time as you learn the finer points of capital ship combat, and die in the process. The save system is very forgiving and you can have multiple playthroughs going at once (rename your ship to keep the saves separate is a good tip).There are mission boards with side missions and a main story line, commodities trading, tons of action and nothing a well timed deflector shield button press can't solve!  Lots of upgrades, weapons, shields, deflectors, various parts of the ship can be upgraded as well. Just enough depth in missions and main story to keep you going and the action can be intense. Also, each time you start the world you start in front seems to be based on some RNG combo as it's been different the 3 times my son and I started new games. Haven't done any comparisons for the rest of the ""universe""Just make sure you are going in with the right expectations and I would expect you to find this game addicting and rewarding. Get it on sale and you won't be sorry!  Also, the music is awesome, just let the game load and the title screen run and it can be amazing on it's own!Here's a good example of an early experience:Flying an early ship with shields and deflector, trying to get a few side missions and upgrade my weapons. I pick up a dead drop and 4 fighter craft, all pirates, drop in on me and my hired Mercenary. we kick in our engines and split up, both targeting the same ship from different sides, blowing it out of.....space? Not air certainly! Anyway, it's a quick fight and we dispatch them easy, going to hyperspace and heading to take the dead drop back.Suddenly we get interdicted out of hypersace and it's pirates agian, but much worse as it's two medium sized cruisers with fighter escort.  Trying to isolate one target at a time we fight a retreating battle, luring the fighters away from the cruisers and trying to divide and conquer.The cruisers are having none of it and their thrusters flare as they quickly close the distance and open fire. Our shields are taking heavy damage and missiles are coming in (thank goodness for flak guns and deflector shields) when a militia destroyer warps in with fighter escort and opens fire on the pirate cruisers. Our 2 ships and the local constables, basically, wipe out the pirates in a fierce but ultimately one sided battle. The militia ship scans us after, tells us to move along and we head on our way to finish the mission.Phew!  Good times!Please remember this is 2 dimensional, left right only movement of your ship, but trust me it works and the game is actually quite a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,290300,19067041,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,ATX Ferret,"This is the most fun that I've had with a spaceship-based combat game since Freelancer and, before that, X-Wing vs Tie Fighter.  I have not beaten it yet, but these are my impressions so far.The Good:The PRICE. This game plays like a $60 AAA title.Fast-paced combat in capital ships that actually includes you piloting instead of just giving commands.Main storyline makes you want to learn more.QWERTY controls are downright elegant - I own a controller but have no desire to use it.No Z-Axis - I understand some people refuse to buy the game for this reason but, not only is it unnecessary, it would also make the game extremely awkward considering the types of ships you're flying. You won't miss it, trust me.Young game, but so far, almost entirely bug free.Epic blues soundtrack that changes songs depending on what you're doing in game. Fast music for fights, cruising music for, well, cruising.The game world feels like Firefly would if it would have had a lot more in-space pewpew and also aliens. Lots of aliens.Enough ship customization, but not so much that you feel like you need an encyclopedia. (looking at you, EVE)Bits and pieces of humor throughout.Graphics are pretty, if not necessarily stunning.The galaxy is persistent, living, and breathing, and things are happening that have nothing whatsoever to do with you, which can cause interesting results.The Not-As-Good:They're not planning on expansions or DLC or anything, last I heard, and there have been zero updates to the game since launch, though that was only 15 days ago. I'd like to think there's a big content patch in the works or something, but I have no evidence for that. The game is, however, absolutely stable, as far as I can tell, so maybe they're just considering it finished. (edit - as of 11/17/15, they have released a small patch)Running missions to keep your ship powerful enough to take on the next story element might be too reptitive for some, though I'm enjoying it.Escort missions are still kind of broken. I just did one where my client's destination was to a base that was aggressive to him, presumably because the base was aggressive to me. I don't know any reason a merchant would purposely go to a station whose defenses were going to shred him. On the first attempt, there was also a BIG fleet, and I didn't get credit for the mission because he got blown up. On the second attempt, no fleet, so although the station's defenses opened fire on us both, I got credit for the mission just before the merchant ship exploded. So I looted him and flew off, getting both the merchant's cargo and the pay for the escort. Amusing, but obviously not what the developers intended.Is this worth your $20? Absolutely. Zero question. Even if you don't particularly like these types of games, the lack of Z-axis might actually do it for you. It makes the game feel a lot less nauseating to those who typically can't handle the extra plane, and eliminates the circling buzzard effect that tends to plague starfighter-based games (Elite: Dangerous, looking at you).There's something about running straight at a ship three times your size, turning and opening up your cannons and just shredding them that is immensely and uniquely gratifying while some fast-paced, hard-core electric guitar plays on queue, and the pirate-lord screams ""No...no-no-no-NO!"" then blows up, leaving behind a rare piece of ship equipment."
76561198030666237,Recommended,290300,23314423,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,ReaperV,"This was one of the most fun space-based games I played in recent history... and I own/have played a LOT of space games.This is not exactly ""space"" sim as much as naval ship arcade-based action RPG, but it has the atmosphere, characters, and ship variety to keep things fresh.I clocked my 52.5 hours in a single play-through from start to finish, and yes, I did play this game for fun, so I did not rush past areas or just hop from mission to mission. I hunted for bounties, stopped raids, broke blockades, and... well... PLAY the damn game instead of just trying to get it over with.The game's unique take on broad-side combat, old-school battleship-style A la WWII, makes for a refreshing space experience that made me wonder why other space combat games did not adopt a similar format long ago.This is NOT an X3-equivalent space empire building sim, nor is it a hardcore rogue-like. It's simple a great single-player adventure with great combat mechanics and above-average story progression with TONS of polish and character. This is better than most AAA titles today.For the money, it's a steal at full price. On sale it's a MUST GET."
76561197994513834,Recommended,290300,22818153,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,the3headedwerewolf,"This is an extraordinarily playable spaceship-piloting game. Very simple and easy to get into, whilst yet providing enough customisability and choice to justify the ""open world"" tag, it drew me in from the first five minutes and kept me completely immersed until the endgame. It has an easy learning curve, but it doesn't sacrifice complexity overmuch.Very pretty graphics and gratifying sound - the soundtrack, by the way, is PERFECT. And even if you don't like it, it has an amazing feature of being able to choose your own music, and assign it to different in-game scenarios. Reeeeeally nice touch.The story is quite an interesting one for sci-fi fans, and there is a surprising amount of speech/animation for a game at this price point - enough to make it a genuinely fun campaign. There is even replay value in the amount of choice in factions and weaponry.The only issue I have is that it's too short, in that the game initially hints at a large amount of content - ships; weapons; star systems, etc. and then simply makes these things very time-consuming to attain, and the end of the line- best ship; best weapons; final star system, happens a bit too soon, with the endgame lying on predictable lines from the progression set out on at the start.To sum up - extreme value for money here - just don't forget you're not playing an AAA title, like I did, and be disappointed that it ends too soon."
,Recommended,290300,18669827,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,krayzkrok,"This is easily one of the year's best games, combining the atmosphere and open ""do what you like"" dynamics of Freelancer, with combat similar to Starfleet Command / Black Flag (like those games your ship is restricted to the same plane, so this isn't a hardcore space sim, but it serves the gameplay well). The vibe is very much like Firefly, mostly due to the excellent grungy soundtrack, but also the look and feel of the ships, stations, and frontier-mentality characters that you meet. It works so well because the core gameplay is hugely enjoyable. Combat is dynamic and in-your-face, ships and missiles explode and shake the screen, lasers sear the side of your ship, damage is nicely modelled so that surviving a brutal encounter feels like you escaped by the skin of your teeth, your hull blackened, components shorting out, systems breaking down as you hurry to find repairs. I've spent most of my time doing missions from the bulletin boards rather than following the story, that's how much fun it all is.The universe is procedurally generated every time you start a new game, which certainly gives it legs, although to be honest the game is pretty large in scope; you'll spend at least 10 hours in the starting system, and there are many more after that. The difficulty at first is quite high, but it doesn't take long to get the hang of how combat works, and a few early upgrades will help you feel badass. Merceneries can be hired if you're still having trouble.There's more to the game than combat though, mining is actually a lot of fun (unlike Elite: Dangerous where it's sadly rather tedious), trading (legal or otherwise) is viable once you upgrade your cargo hold and find the best prices in the dynamic system, and there are plenty of things to run into out in the depths of space. Speaking of which, there's a real sense of ""space"" as you travel around, not enough to be tedious as you travel between planets, but enough to make it feel like a journey, watching nebulae whip by, unknown flotillas caught on the edge of your scanner, and the occasional tempting beacon to check out. The story is also a cut above the usual generic stuff, decent writing helped by the setting, and some nice voice work, plus the story missions are some of the best time to be had.I can possibly seeing it getting a bit repetitive after a while, but tell me a game that isn't. For 20 bucks you should get several days of enjoyment from this. It really depends on how much you enjoy the core gameplay loop, but for me this is the best space game released in 2015 by miles, because the developers clearly want you to have a blast. Constant updates and bug fixes show that they're committed to their customers, a great example of a two-man team showing the big boys how it's done."
76561198007622141,Not Recommended,290300,18655675,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,fat4eyes,"No time to read: Very pretty, but very shallow.Rebel Galaxy gives a great first impression. Great graphics, great soundtrack, great atmosphere. Different weapon types and visceral combat. No-one would blame you if you thought that this was the next Privateer or Freelancer.But delve into it a bit deeper and you begin to see the hollowness under its pretty exterior. Combat that was fun at the start becomes very repetitive the 20th time you beat the exact same group of pirates using the exact same tactics. There's not much to do in combat either, all of your weapons work on some form of autoaim so you don't even have the challenge of leading your target properly in order to hit them.The worst part of the combat is how its more attritional than based on maneuver. You'd think that because a lot of the ships' firepower is in their broadsides you can maneuver to 'cross their T' so you can take down targets much larger than you are, but all ships have omnidirectional turrets that make this very hard to do. Instead of fighters trying to get on each other's tail or ships trying to cross each others' T, Rebel Galaxy's ships are more like 2 RTS units shooting at each other: DPS and shielding are king and the effect of maneuver is minimal.This is made even worse by the way the game tiers its weapons and defenses. The tiers are set up in this game in such a way that its possible to get into a situation where you fight a ship you can never beat (i.e. their shields regenerate faster than you can ever damage them), and your only recourse is to grind money so you can buy the next higher tier of weaponry. It makes the game into one big grind. And the grind takes a LONG time. In the later stages of the game it would take upwards of 20 missions to fully upgrade your ship's weapons, shields and components to the next tier.The grind also puts the blandness of the procedurally generated universe into stark relief. Once you've seen all the types of stations in the first system, you've seen all the stations in the rest of the game. The only thing that differentiates one station from another is what tier of weapons they sell. There are no special 'capital planets' or 'story planets' like there were in Privateer or Freelancer. There's no sense of exploration as a station of one type in a system is virtually identical to a station of the same type in another system. You won't get the sense of discovery that you get when you first land in the Oxford system in the original Privateer, or when you land on a capital planet in Freelancer.The main storyline also falters at the very end. Barring the grind, the main quests are interesting enough to get you to the finale. The ending though, is bullpoo. Let's just say that someone leaves for no damn good reason, and you're dumped into the sandbox with very little fanfare. And by the time you finish it, you'd be so tired of the grind that the sandbox would no longer have any appeal.If you're looking for a Privateer or Freelancer-type game try Starpoint Gemini 2 instead. It's a lot less polished but it has a big enough universe to make discovery interesting, has a tolerable grind and more interesting combat. Or dust off the old joystick and play Independence War 2."
76561197961585906,Recommended,290300,29551962,Posted: 28 January,all,Yeoman,"I'm old enough to have fond memories of playing Privateer and Freelancer.  I picked up Rebel Galaxy hoping to renew my love for those games.  While I didn't quite find what I was looking for, I found a solid game worth playing.For people who loved the aforementioned games for the open-ended exploration, the ability to build your bankroll by buying low on some planets and selling high on others, upgrading ships and weapons as you progressed, and the intriguing storyline, this game is definitely worth playing because it does all of those things well.  For those who loved those games because of the thrill of small craft in-cockpit open space dogfighting, you should probably look elsewhere. Rebel Galaxy managed to take the inherent 3D nature of space and reduce it to 2D, implementing a colonial era ship ""broadside"" style combat as if on the surface of invisible water.  It isn't necessarily bad, but not my cup of tea.  Essentially, you can really only do one thing, turn and fire over and over.  It gets repetitive after a while and eventually I found myself wishing I could auto-resolve battles to move on through the story.  That being said, the combat was not so off-putting as to keep me from playing until the end of the main story.  Bottom line, this game is worth what you pay for it but don't expect a masterpiece."
76561198000025966,Recommended,290300,19430191,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,bobgarrish,"If they tried, really tried, to make a Firefly game that nailed it...it would be this game.  It's more like Sid Meier's Pirates in space, or crossed with Freelancer/Privateer, than a traditional space sim.  This is fine because those games were all amazing.  You're piloting a capital ship, not a little fighter, which gives it a different feel.  The combat is extremely satisfying, there are a lot of choices in how you equip your ship, and the universe feels like there are really things going on in it besides what you're doing.If you liked Pirates: instabuy, the game systems are similar.  If you like the idea of capital ship scale combat and an open world, also buy.  Firefly fan and like games at all?  Buy.  This is the first space game since Freelancer that I really enjoyed straight out of the box, and it's a steal at its price."
76561198027260505,Recommended,290300,26738509,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,dapaw1972,TL;DR+ Nice guitar riffs+ Shooty ships+ Western alien pirates IN SPAAAAACE+ Sandbox... IN SPAAAACE (so basically a nebula)- simple- repetitve- simple and repetitive- main story is dull like this reviewErgo: Buy it on sale.
,Recommended,290300,23314652,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,vioxtreme,"If you enjoyed playing Sid Meier's Pirates, but always wished it was in space, then this is your game.  It's basically Freelancer for a new era.  If you want a solid story, pass on this one.  If you want a true sandbox experience and some pretty satisfying broadside space combat, then pick this up."
76561197989609775,Recommended,290300,19255656,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Whitt,"Just beat the game and thought I would write a review.  This game is really good and deserves a sequel.  Definitely has a Firefly universe feel to it which says a lot really.  Definitely worth 20 bucks.Pros - Well designed, awesome soundtrack, great voiceovers.Cons - A liitle too easy.  I used a merc frigate throughout the whole game, took on whole fleets including super dreadnoughts and the enemy rarely got through my shields.  Using basic common sense is more powerful than a dreadnought it seems.  The ending of the game, while realistic, felt a bit underwhelming to be honest.  The game goes to sandbox only then, but whats the point really..Conclusion: A really wonderful gem here on Steam.  Without a doubt one of the best space games ever made.  These guys made a solid game and it was worth my 20 bucks easy.  Just hate its over.  Now I hope they make a sequel or another game of this quality.  Thanks."
,Recommended,290300,22860128,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Ylineuvos,"Rebel Galaxy is one of those games I would call ""delightfully average"". Pros exceed the cons of the game, and replay-value exists. Well, at least after a while of not playing the game. I grabbed the game on a small sale, and played about 80-90 hours so it worked for me. However, there's of course the bad sides, like in almost any game. Only two dimensions available for maneuvering, mundane npc-encounters, a bit grindy and relatively short + clichéd storyline.If you love hearty rock, space fluff and naval style warfare ---> Grab a copy, you won't be disappointed. Otherwise, keep that wallet in line."
,Recommended,290300,33246757,Posted: 4 July,all,SidAlpha,"https://youtu.be/15cJ4e2KQB0Rebel Galaxy is an amazing Open World game that takes clear inspirations from Freelancer and Firefly, to name but a few. With an impressive array of features and far more depth than I had anticipated, this game is an absolute gem of a find ond one that is well worth your money. Given the content involved, I would expect it to cost $30, not it's regular $20 price tag.However, the game does make use of a 2D flight plane as opposed to a 3D movement range, but that is a fairly minor complaint and doesn't hold the game back at all."
76561198065054287,Recommended,290300,18670974,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Nyax,"If you're looking for a space pew pew lazorz game, just buy it. Right now. What are you waiting for? Stop reading these words and go buy it.You're still reading? Fine I'll put more words here that might mean things about stuff. Seriously, though, this game overdelivers its $20 at release date price (or whatever you can get it for on sale). There are plenty of other reviews speaking to what's great about this game, so I won't beat a dead horse. However, I would like to speak to some of the negative comments that I've seen.""Missions are repetitive."" - this is true, but that hasn't reduced my enjoyment of gameplay. Sure the missions are repetitive, but each encounter does have variations within it. There are at least 3 major variations with each mission: mission type, types of friendlies, types of enemies.There are escort missions (follow a friendly around at warp speed and defend them from attacking hostiles that pull you out of warm), defend missions (move into an engagement and prevent friendlies from being destroyed), destroy missions (fly in guns blazing until everything is on fire, including you), snatch and run / fight missions (fly into an area teeming with hostiles, grab some cargo, and gtfo), delivery missions (get some cargo and deliver it to another station, while being pulled out of warp multiple times from hostiles trying to take your cargo). There are also other types that I haven't done yet (pirate missions).The other aspect that changes missions are types of friendlies/enemies. Sometimes you're fighting multiple cruisers with minor fighter support, sometimes you're fighting a dreadnaught with tons of fighter support, sometimes you're fighting waves upon waves of fighters - and yes these do require different engagement tactics. Good luck charging into waves of mine layer / bomber fighters with a cruiser and winning.I also feel like I need to point out that repetitive side missions aren't a new thing. How many times have you collected herbs as a side quest in some other RPG?""2D space combat"" - When I read this before buying it, I wasn't sure how I would feel about it. After playing the game - I just don't care that it's not 3D. I don't feel like it being 3D would make it any more fun, especially with the ""broadside"" style gameplay (which I do enjoy). The 2D movement environment plus broadside style combat provides enough complexity without making it over-complex. You can still use tactics to use a smaller vessel to take down a larger one. I've used my quick cruiser to take down multiple dreadnaughts by getting behind them so that the only damage I'm taking is from their rear turrets and the occasional heat seeking missile, and they can't turn fast enough to broadside me. Plus with a fast vessel you have enough maneuverability to be able to zig-zag between your broadsides (shields don't depreciate as a whole - but each side is separate, for a total of 4 shields) to be able to keep your shields up, all while staying out of the main line of fire. Or you could just buy a huge ship, get ramming deflectors, AND RAMMING SPEED EVERYTHING TO DEATH. Twice.""Main Storyline is [insert words]"" I'm not sure why people are complaining about the main storyline. At the time of writing this I've had 26 hours in the game and still haven't finished it. Sure it's nothing especially fancy... but it is engaging, and seriously it's a $20 game. I'm not sure what you expect. I've played plenty of single player RPG-style games (ones that ONLY have a main storyline) that I've cleared in under 30 hours, and those were $50-60 at release.""Soundtrack something or other"" I also really enjoyed the soundtrack with it's Firefly vibe, however I would have to agree that it starts getting repetitive. I also have an easy solution. Turn off the music. Play your own if you really want music. Again, for a $20 game the soundtrack exceeds what I would expect.Final thoughts - the depth and enjoyability of the game overdelivers as a $20 price tag, making it a worthwhile purchase.  I would also like to see (and gladly pay for) some DLC/expansions to further increase the depth of the game (greater variety of missions, more ships, more weapons, more factions, expand main storyline, more musc, online co-op play)End transmission?"
76561198028325917,Recommended,290300,18634950,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,TamaSaga,"26 hours in and I'm basically in world 2.When I play this game, I keep thinking that this is what Freelancer should have been.  When I played Freelancer, I had a ""was that it?"" feeling.  Contrarily, Rebel Galaxy gives off a ""not JUST a space flight adventure simulator"" sort of vibe.Yay:- Ignore the story, earn money, buy really big ships.- Ability to join multiple guilds without needing to quit your current one- Broadside combat in a space sim is surprisingly fun.- Very responsive devs, check the bug reports part of the forum- Prices of commodities go up and down in response to world events and planetary type- Wide variety of missions.  Escort, Pickup, Delivery, Blockade Running, Head hunting...- No speed lanes, you want to get somewhere fast just point your nose and punch the warp.- Dynamic system.  In Wing Commander: Privateer, you could watch the news and respond accordingly to major events.  Is there a famine?  Bring food.  War?  Bring weapons.  Market glut, buy low.  This system is rarely found in these space trading games.  I don't think Freelancer had it.- Good voice acting- Intuitive game design- Aliens!- Varied Nebulas.  Including the classic ones like lightning nebulas that can shatter your shields in a single flash and dark nebulas where danger and mystery lurk within.- Scanner.  A nifty halo emits from your ship and lets you know of nearby enemies, allies, and items.Nay:- Broadside combat is rather easy.  Just manuever until your side is exposed, use precise targetting, and press a button.  The lead is automatically calculated for you.  The only thing you need to decide is how much time to charge the shot.- Fighters are so annoying since they can go to the 3rd dimension.  Plus the strike craft defense options are a bit lacking due to their extremely limited range.  You're left with relying on general-purpose turrets to pick off the pesky gnats one at a time.- No speed lanes.  Most of the time, I neglect to plot a proper course before warping so I end up going through like 3 asteroid fields, 2 debris fields, and 1 planet.  That's like hitting 6 red lights when you're trying to get somewhere.Meh:- No idle radio chatter- From what I've played so far, you pass lots of planets but there is no planetary landing.  You always stop at a station in orbit.  I'm guessing the idea is that space ships should stay in space where they're designed to work."
,Recommended,290300,18605955,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,remaru,"TL;DRIt's fun, simple, and (10/21/15) on sale. Go ahead, buy it. It's not Elite, it's not X3TC, it's not Eve and that's ok. Single player, good Xbox controller controls, lots of things to shoot at.Good:Lots of space, without tons of jumpgates/load screensSimple controls that work well with a Xbox controllerStory is interesting enough to kill time with, nothing award winning, but it's there, you're there, might as wellWhen upgrading a ship all of your old equipment just carries over, no having to rebuild your shipBad:Music gets real old, real fast. It sounds great at first, but hearing the same song over and over again for hours gets annoying.Not alot of loadout choices. There are more ships than weapons (not really, but close)Best of the best of everything is really expensive and doesn't do that much more than the basic equipmentCan only have 1 ship"
,Recommended,290300,19658962,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Megakoresh,"Rebel Galaxy is a cautios recommendation. For 20€ it's a good game. It has some major flaws, but I would still call it a good game at the end of the day. I'll try this review in a different format, because this is a game that could have been a hidden gem of the year if developers had a little different focus. So:What this game should have hadFirst and absolutely foremost: Context. That was SUCH a huge miss. The game provides no context for anything outside of the main quest.Missions and systems have zero context. They are condensed to a marker on the map. No characters to talk to, no multiple ways to complete missions, no multi-staged missions, no consequences. Even faction missions have absolutely no context.Every trader is one of two possible models, they all have exactly the same lines, regardless of where and how you meet them.All mercenaries are 5 characters that inexplicably appear in every system on random stations and can't be interacted with beyond ""Hey, what ship you fly?"", ""What's your skills?"" and ""You are hired"".Really really huge miss, because the mechanics of this game are very simplistic and can not justify the complete absence of context.Fast travel. 90% of the gameplay time is wasted on the annoying warp mechanic.There's no fast travel and you have to go between stations very often. During warp you have to manually aim your ship and it won't exit out of warp unless you aim it dead on point, so you can't just alt-tab and check email. You have to stare at the screen.You get pulled out of warp on every tiny object to the side of your path. And there are a LOT of meaningless tiny objects in this game.You can not engage warp again until after you are cleared from any mass, and it takes a while to accelerate enough to start warping again so travelling turns into an incredibly boring and frustrating experience that you have to endure a lot.What this game should have ditched to get the aboveScale. The game is absolutely unnecessarily large.You have something like 12 systems (don't remember exact number), each has about as many space stations. To travel through the whole map and visit every station once would require a full day of gameplay. And EACH station has like 6 contract missions, all of which are done with one of 3 main templates (fetch quest, elimination and escort), and might as well be MMORPG repeating quests.All of the stations are exactly the same. They vary only in what merc sits inside and the prices they offer on goods. The bartenders have the same dialogue, there are no interesting quests to pick up, no characters to talk to. Hell - even weapons and ships they offer are the same. Only faction stations offer different equipment.All in all it's a typical quantity over quality issue. The game could have been 10 times smaller (not exaggerating, I actually think that would be the proper reduction), but if it had actually interesting quests with dialogue, context and variety to offer it would have been much better for it.Economy. It's just uninteresting and not worth your time.The entire economy in the game could be thrown out and it wouldn't be missed. It's your basic buy low sell high economy, except fetching goods in this game, as I've explained, is tiresome and frustrating, and there's no market manipulation you can perform.The money you get out of it is rather small, overall I just don't think there's any reason to try and make money with it.It's not an MMO. There's no infinite high end equipment and clans and raids you can spend that dosh on. You can buy one of the overpriced heavy dreadnaughts, but... why? They aren't fun to use and what would you use it for anyway? Fetching more goods? It's just pointless and wasted resources IMO.Equipment could have been made into upgradable loot drops - you can't buy gear, but you can upgrade it with dosh and missions. That would have made the game far more engaging too, bring some variety in. As it stands, once I bought a full combo of guns, I just used the same set of equipment throughout the entire game, upgrading it.So as you can see there are some big issues. So what's good?What's good?Combat. It's very similar to Assassin's Creed Black Flag naval combat, just in Space. It's very cinematic, albiet not exactly difficult. It's by no means a sim, it's absolutely unrealistic and very arcady, but that doesn't really matter. It's fun. That's the main thing.Combat's difficulty comes from how the game is balanced - it is very binary. You are either not having any problems whatsoever, or you are dead. Ship's HP is very small. Your shields and armour are what protect you.The main skill in this game is to turn your ship all the time to let the shields on another side regenerate. You must never let enemies surround you and you must maneuvre such that you take as little continuous fire as possible, while spreading the damage over all your shields.This is also a reason why you never want to fly a dreadnaught. Small ship that you can turn to spread damage across all your 4 shields and platings is more survivable than large ship which is gonna take all the damage to one side.Sountrack - amazing rock and country music, with cinematic arcade combat in a spectacle of lazers and explosions. What more could you ask for?Graphics - the game looks good obviously.Polish - the game runs well and never crashed or bugged out on me.Aliens - they look and sound cool. I think the alien languages aren't necessary, but the looks and voice modifiers are cool.Progression - there's a variety of cool ships on display and all except dreadnaughts are quite fun to use. Also there is a large variety of guns you can install, each with a specific strength and weakness. You can take control of any gun directly, through in my experience turrets are always better controlled by the AI. Usually you are better off controlling broadsides and maneuvering the ship for the most advantageous angle.Atmosphere. The game's light-hearted atmosphere with a few funny lines of text here and there blend well with combat and music.So in the end I think the game is quite good for what it is. I just think it would have been a hell of a lot better had the developers more clearly understood it's strengths and weaknesses. A cautious recommendation, but a recommendation nonetheless."
76561198014874377,Not Recommended,290300,29661147,Posted: 2 February,all,AMG,"Pros:- Space dogfighting. The broadside cannon system is interesting, and keeping the fighting mostly in 2D solves a lot of the problems associated with this idea. It's enjoyable for a while.- Good story. Interesting enough for the length of the game.- Great soundtrack - look for the playlist on Spotify. I love how when combat happens the music gets more aggressive.Cons:- So damn grindy. In between story missions you'll need to buy improvements on your ship. Have fun doing tons of redundant quests or flying everywhere trying to trade for money.- Speaking of trade, it's largely a waste of time. While you can certainly make money flying around and taking advantage of market conditions, there's never enough stock of anything to make large amounts of money without making the rounds of every solar system. Towards  the end of the game trade is outright worthless as any cargo drop from a ship is worth more than an entire shipload of cargo that you purchased.- Mining is worthless unless you get lucky, don't bother.I would have loved this game if there was more trade\mining options to improve your ship so that I could try different weapons configurations, but I never had enough cash, and the grind became too much for me so I just ended the game.I'm happy I played it if for no other reason than the soundtrack is so outstanding and I was introduced to a whole genre of music I've never listened to. But the game play is just meh."
76561198108269527,Recommended,290300,19324894,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,quantum_jak,"After years and years of personally wishing for new space sims, Starpoint Gemini 2, Elite Dangerous and this game all came out within a year's time.Of the three games, this one has the glossiest presentation and best-presented story line. This is like Starpoint Gemini 2 in that the perspective is third person because you are controlling capital-ship sized vessels. There are many jobs and sidequests in addition to the story line and different factions that you can side with or against.Is this a hardcore sim? Absolutely not, but it is fun and combat heavy. Apparently in this galaxy there are hordes of pirates and alien raiders to do battle with...Recommended if you like flying around the galaxy and lots of explosions."
,Recommended,290300,23949575,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Viper123_SWE,"Did you ever watchFireflyand think""Hey, it would be really cool with a game where I can be a space cowboy""?If no, that means you're either in the wrong place or you haven't watched Firefly. Go do that now.If yes, then look no further!Rebel Galaxyis a singleplayer open-world spaceship RPG set in distant future.As the player, you receive a message from your old aunt Juno asking you to travel to the frontier. Riddled with piracy, military conflicts, intrigues and other mysteries your arrival marks the beginning of a long journey.Aside from the story you can choose to undertake thousands (if not more) of different sidejobs, it can be anything from an escort mission to the elimination of a key pirate leader hiding in a asteroid field.Freedom is key and the player has many choices available to them, each granting you different perks but also changing the way the rest of the galaxy sees you.A player who help traders and merchants during distress calls or who actively pursue pirate fleets will be seen as friendly by the Confederate militia while a player who smuggles contraband, ambush militia patrols and disrupt authorities will be seen as a friend by the pirates.In Rebel Galaxy the systems you fly in feel very much alive, stopping at a station just to view the newsboard inside the bar is a good idea as it will provide you with all kinds of information regarding politics, bounties or good trading opportunities.Planets can go to war with eachother, raising the demand for military equipment which in turn allows you to profit from it. If you want the conflict to escalate you can destroy any treaty vessels which attempt to broke peace.NewsboardOr maybe you're more of a honest businessman? If so tech booms and market gluts will be your best friends, lowering the value of goods at certain stations so you can buy them en masse only to sell them off at a fringe world for a hefty sum of credits.MarketIf that doesn't sound like your type of gig you can always become a freelancing bountyhunter or mercenary, tracking down pirate lords or escorting merchants through rough space.The choice is yours.GameplayGameplay-wise Rebel Galaxy is pretty straightforward, with easy-to-understand mechanics, helpful tutorial prompts and simple controls.CombatIn Rebel Galaxy the combat relies on three things: turrets, broadside ports and secondary ports.When not controlled by the player, turrets will act independently and target any hostile craft within the range or specific craft (you can choose).Broadsides are your main weapons and are used to obliterate enemy capital ships, broadsides can be anything from lasers to cannons.Finally, secondary ports are used for equipping fixed weapons and launchers such as flak guns, dumbfire missile launchers or mine catapults.Overall it's a very straightforward system even though it does get a bit repetitive after a certain point.Controls & UIThe controls for Rebel Galaxy are simple and easy to understand, the player has access to full control mapping.As for the UI, it's very clean and elegant. It shows exactly what you need without cluttering up the screen.UIAll in all Rebel Galaxy is a fun game. While it might suffer from being repetitive at a certain point it's stilla solid game which I highly recommend.Also, the soundtrack is amazing. Look it up.Fly safe."
76561198026705042,Recommended,290300,26932565,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,𝓝𝓪𝓪𝓻𝓲𝓼,"Rebel Galaxyhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=783486066At the moment of this review I have played for 38 hours.Do I think this game is good and can I recommend it?Yes but...but if you are looking for a combat/ship/free space game  this is NOT it.A few words about this game? Firefly+Freelancer+Blues= Rebel GalaxyAre you comparing this one with Elite Dangerous? I did too and I chose this one. In fact, they are not the same kind of game, except both are in space.You don't know what's Firefly? Really?!https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Firefly_(TV_series)What's Freelancer?https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freelancer_(video_game)Now i feel old... thanks.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=804759196Graphics:I have been playing with downsampling at 4K -30Fps with my mid computer.  You can look at the screenshots included to see the graphics.The ships are well constructed: engines,  turrets, lateral cannons. The planets are good enough, you can't land anyway so...  The hyperspace effect is nicely done, and all the combat weapons, missiles, defense, shield effect are perfect.Now... the npcs are almost clones, you will find the same face over and over although you travel to the far corner of the galaxy. This is really a mess because you speak with a lot of merchants to trade/ rob them, with pirates, guards etc etc.If you are civilizan neutral (at least) you can acces to the cantina, and the bartender has his (i sadly didn't find even one woman bartender...) clone face, you say ok... I won't look at you more than 20 seconds. BUT when you are pirate neutral and go inside the cantina, you expect to find a different cantina with a different cloned bartender but in pirate rol... big mistake. It's the same civilian cantina, with the same bartender (really?)So, graphics approved but very repetitive.Edit: I found at last on my second run a Bartender ""woman""!!! In one of the last starbases of the farthest system... but there she is! (at least for my random generated game).Music:The game ost is really good. The compositor is Christopher Robert Adams and besides the good of his work, the game allows you to customize the directory of each kind of music (exploration,combat...) and you can put there your own ost.I, for exemple, have been listening  Cowboy Beebop.if you want to listen the ost take a look at this linkhttps://www.reddit.com/r/RebelGalaxy/comments/3pe3xg/rebel_galaxy_soundtrack_double_damage_games_a/http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=804045352Story:It's... simple but enought to do your way through the system, exploring, fighting, trading, and improving over and over your ship. From a little old carrier to the most powerfull destructor... don't expect much more.Take a look at the shipshttp://rebelgalaxy.gamepedia.com/ShipsGameplay:I recommend to use a gamepad.And here comes the controversial point... Rebel Galaxy is a 2D space game. Besides, is single player and always in 3rd person (ship) view.   I could compare it to a naval ship combat, with cannons and lateral combat, where you have to change your flank because your enemy will sunk you if you continue on that side.It could be nasty, even an insult for those who think on space games like Elite or Star Citizen but damn... it's fun! I really enjoyed it, it has it's strategic point and you can be quickly destroyed if you rush into an enemy formation that you think that are weak.So, if you can look forward beyond games like ED or SC, you will enjoy it.One interesting thing. The entire game is redone each time you play, the connections of each system with another, the planets each system has, the type of planet, well, everything. You will play into a new universe each time you start a game.Space:The way you travel through system is using jumpgates, and it's instant travel. You can only navigate and explore each system, and to balance that, each system is really alive. Each time you travel from A point to B point, you will find something, let's say: traders convoys, pirates, milita ships, emergency beacons, space trash, nebulas, asteroid field, ice field, debris from older battles, a lot of stations from the different factions and planets, satellites which you can hack to get information... and more.In this game, space is old. Humanity has spread all over the place and thousands of years of races activity, has changed it and let their legacy. while you navigate you will see little pieces of  trash around your ship and if you destroy a big ship and you come back days later, you will find the debris.Modshttp://steamcommunity.com/app/290300/discussions/2/405691491120297253/This mod will change some important things, add new ships to be able to use and rebalance others. Please read the description to be sure if you want to use it. Thanks to Timberrino for the link to this mod.Negative point:The cloned facesThere are few mods.The repetitive missions."
,Recommended,290300,18705166,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,[DILDO] Dangertits,"First rule of space travel, kids: Always check out a distress beacon. Nine times out of ten it's a ship full of dead aliens and a bunch of free♥♥♥♥♥♥ One time out of ten it's a deadly trap but I'm ready to roll those dice!"
,Recommended,290300,18620042,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Galaga Galaxian,"Rebel Galaxy is a fun, arcadey space game that feels like a mix between Sid Meier's Pirates, Freelancer/WC:Privateer, and Assassin Creed: Black Flag naval boardsides combat combined with a cheesy/awesome Western-Rock soundtrack.There is a main storyline but you don't really have to follow it that much, you can just go around trading/mining/fighting/exploring, but the meat of the game is in the fighting. Thankfully the fighting is pretty fun. Instead of playing as a fighter or small freighter/gunship like many of these types of open-ended/sandbox space games, you start out in a Corvette and eventually work your way up to larger ships, I believe there is roughly 20 playable ships in all. As has been mentioned, the combat plays something like Assassin's Creed Black Flag ship battles, maneuvering on a 2D plane, with a heavy emphasis on broadsides and positioning. Your ship is outfitted with a main battery of broadside cannons as well as some turrets and secondary weapons (like missile launchers). You can customize the weapons of your ship with stuff like long/short range guns, beam lasers, missile turrets, anti-fighter/missile flak guns, etc etc.The game is surprisingly colorful and ships explode into big bright fireballs when they die. Its fun. The music, as I've mentioned is cheesey western butt-rock and, IMO, quite nice. However if its not your thing, or if you just get bored of it, the game has an option to put your own music into the game (alongside or replacing the soundtrack). I haven't progressed too far into the main plot, but this doesn't seem like the kind of game most would play for a gripping plot, as its pretty basic so far. Basically your aunt, an (in)famous smuggler and overall space Rogue, sends you a package containing a weird alien artifact and the access codes to one of her old ships and tells you to meet up with her and you go off to get into cool space battles and track her down.The game is only $20 and so far it seems like a lot of fun for that price."
,Recommended,290300,25406403,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,HopelessDecoy,"PROS:-Combat is amazing fun and engaging, combat is fast and the explosions are satifying-your ship feels like a formula 1 racer in the emptiness of space-space isn't that empty in this game-ships feel huge unlike a lot of titles the capital ships feel like a force of power-free to do as you please-better story than mostCONS:-trading is not that great a career as a trader is silly due to being a little profit career-characters are not memorable, even if the voice acting is miles above other space titles-missions are kind of repeating killing and shipping things-the starter ship really doesnt show the games golden eggsOVERALL:great title totally worth 20 bucks I'd say 8/10, hoping for DLC or Rebel Universe (Rebel Galaxy 2) :D"
,Recommended,290300,22359189,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,BLIMINGTON BUTT,"I had a hard time getting into this at first, because it doesn't hold your hand, and I'm a carebear. Then I watched a tutorial on suggestions to get started, what to spend your money on, and that I should rent a mercenary. Then I absolutely started trashing other ships and it was hella fun. The soundtrack is fantastic, the combat is really satisfying, and I love that you can customize your weapon loadouts and ships, depending on what you want to do.I thought the galaxy was ENORMOUS- zooming out to the map and back into your ship a-la Eve Online gives you a really good perspective of how tiny you are compared to everything else. Then I realized there are like 15 other galaxies and I haven't even gone to the second one yet.I like the characters so far, particularly aunt Juno. I like that you can work for other factions, and end up being an as$hole pirate, an as$hole military agent, an as$hole smuggler, or an as$hole nice guy.It's very quest based, so if that's not for you, then you may not like it, but I dig doing quests/bounties and getting money and upgrading my weapons and ship, I find it satisfying.Really enjoying this game, I feel like the marketing fell through and it hasn't gotten as much attention as it should have."
,Recommended,290300,18589488,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"Wow. I'll admit, I went into this game without much knowledge of it at all... and after the time I've spent with it, I can only say... Rebel Galaxy is totally badass!However, allow me to explain the basics of the game. Simply, you're a Space Cowboy, living on the edge of the law and banditry. You explore the vastness of space, blasting away pirates or helping them incinerate innocent traders while completing missions and getting rich. You get your own equipment customizable spaceship where you can fire broadsides, flak, missiles and all sorts of vaporizing goodness. There are even quite a few ships that you can purchase should you gain enough money. The concept is simple, the gameplay is addicting.Gameplay Footage:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfZxrhvyJl8The game also has an epic sound track of catchy guitar twangs as you blow Space Pirates into nonexistence. The voice acting is also very solid. As if that wasn't good enough, the gameplay is fluid and the controls make sense. While the control isn't as indepth as Space flight sims like Elite: Dangerous, it's more than enough to keep players interested while also keeping the gameplay fast-paced.All in all, I definitely recommended this game!"
76561197974073331,Not Recommended,290300,18867551,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Punisher_1,"I decided to change my review of this game to offer up points of why the game falls short. I'll summarize this as much as possible. If you want a very short review it is posted below.The super short review :6 out of 10 ( Good for fist timers and the younger gaming crowd )Anyone expecting a game with depth in story line and ship functionality will be disappointed. The story line is predictable, the benefits are minimal, everyone wins gaming.Would I play this game again? No, probably not unless the developer added many more features and vastly improved the game AI.The good:Overall a good looking game.Runs well, smooth.No crashes.Great sound track.Multiple paths to follow to end game ( Merchant, Pirate, Combat, Miner )The Bad:You ""fly"" on a single plane and cannot go up or down. While this is a space game I feel ike I am driving a tank or playing a FPS.The weapons systems on your ship shoot through your ship most of the time.It is a race to get Mark 5 / 6 items, you could do without but then you may have a harder times with the game.You simply follow a simple path to the end game.There is never a bounty placed on your head for the waves of AI you slaughter, your participation is not recognized in this game at all, this includes news stories.Between Story line missions upgrading your ship is essential to completing the next mission you will not know this until you jump in and have a WTF moment.There is no communication between stations for commodities ( minerals and goods ) thus what you buy for in one place might not be worth anything in another or one system over it is double in price.You will never know unless you go there.Ships and ship components are at 100% trade in and up value.  Thus switching out weapon systems is never a loss nor is it better from one place to another.The AI never recognizes you. Sure while you can slaughter pirates whole sale in the hundreds, save countless traders or conduct crippling raids against the AI at no point does the dialog or your player presence change anything in the game. It is one dimensional.There are always more AI, Going to a pirate faction station and eliminating everything in sight does nothing. The stations cannot be destroyed so eradicating a system of pirate activity is impossible.Random encounters with AI fleets are pointless. Unless there is a bounty loot drops will not even pay for your spent missiles or damage you may take. Best to just avoid them.The face you see of the AI are all the same. Pirates will taunt you and well this is the 100th time you killed that same pirate. Aliens all look the same also. Even some side characters look just like the random pirates as well as the Militia.The lines for the AI or NPCs are the same and repetitive.Trell the AI the story line revolves around makes some minor upgrade to your ship. These are nothing amazing just some sensor and defensive bumps. The only time you interact with Trell is when she wants something ( typical woman ) For an AI with vast knowledge you would think she would tell you how to boost your weapon performance or make some great weapon system or a new type of ship.... nope.I came here to save Criminal Aunt Juno. However the dialogue with here does nothing to tell me why it would be worth it. No back story to tell me why I'd risk my♥♥♥♥♥to save this woman from the crap she got herself into.Random AI gotcha moments, taking on a merchant mission with a low threat level was not really low at all. This was a game breaking moment for me because it made no sense what so ever. Enemy ships appear out of nowhere, surround your ship and disable it thus killing your mobility. This continually happens while fleets ( from fighters to dreadnaughts ) of AI pop up randomly. To sum it up the game mechanics cheat. You can attempt to run or if you have the right ship component ( so I am told ) nullify the effects of the disabling missiles.The end game moments are really nothing special. I never got attached to Trell, she did nothing but get me into trouble, heck her upgrades were minimal at best. The was no big glorious end game movie clip or anything special for saving the galaxy from a deadly invasion. After all this Juno buys you a drink and that is the game.The end game:I wanted to finish up achieving the end game in the most ""advanced"" combat ship with a decent fitting. There was a level of satisfaction at that point because annihilating even a super dreadnaught AI at the end was easy.  Completed with mark 5 / 6 equipped Black Gate Dreadnaught 54,000,000 credits, 1498 enemy ships destroyed. This tacked on another 5 hours of game play before I took on the end game mission. The threat level went from Very High to Low.Wasted time, I spent a couple of hours sorting out the AI ""cheat issue"" with the Merchant mission before walking away from the missions. Ironically the combat missions were less dangerous. Exploration, mining and other activities burned up a few hours also. So in 20 to 24 hours you can complete this game with a solid kitted out ship."
76561197995148489,Not Recommended,290300,32131970,Posted: 2 June,all,Drunk Pilot,"Rebel Galaxy, though fun, cannot escape the issues  that plauge such games.Its story is nothing special. I Would prefer something bad, but entertaining, rather than something painfully average. One other problem is that its short, but artificially stretched with grinding.Gameplay wise, side missions and random encounters get repetetive, all locations look too much like one another, and I find that the ships were very few. The way the equipment and weapons are designed leave no room for experimentation. Some stuff work, some others dont, use the best most expensive stuff and you're done. Very dull.Also the game is played in a 2D movement level. No up or down, though this is not a bad thing necessarily.On the technical side, it looks great and sounds ok. The music though I found it cool in the begining, I muted it afterwards. Also I was not fond of the miniaturised star systems. It made the game world feel too small.My final verdict is that it can be fun in the begining, but grind and lack of variety kinda spoil it. Buy it on a heavy sale."
76561198046426560,Not Recommended,290300,31448074,Posted: 29 April,all,hack.causality,"Pros:  Combat is fun, controls are tight and polished, sound design is excellent.Cons: There's not a lot to DO with the excellent gameplay you're given.  Many of the ships have specs that make them garbage you would never fly, even high-end ships.  There are only three mission variants:  go kill things in a giant blob, go kill things distributed in a circle, go kill things around a station and then blow up bits of the station.  Exploration is non-existent, the only differences between systems is the color of the star and the HP/damage of the NPCs.  Flying around is more like eve-online than Freelancer, in that there are small bubbles of content separated by vast gulfs of empty space you warp through at blinding speed.  You will never fly through an asteroid field or gas cloud for pleasure in this game.The story is good but incredibly short.  I spent hours between story missions grinding and was still only halfway through the ship tree when the story just ended.  In traditional storytelling we were at the point of a minor climax before a setback leading to the final climax and triumph when the story just ends, so setback, no drama, just over.There's also zero exposition or world-building. The only things you learn about alien species you have to glean from their ship designs.  You never find out the history of this world or its politics or how and what Earth is doing.It feels like this was originally going to be a much larger game but the devs ran out of time.  The unrealized potential disappoints me."
,Not Recommended,290300,20161021,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Urizen,"The graphics, controls, and music rock. But the gameplay itself is just RNG fetch quests. The whole galaxy is copy/pasted, where every space station is the same, every NPC the same skin, etc....  This game is shallow and has very little substance. Not worth $20 bucks imo.---Works great on Steam Controller."
76561198005551488,Recommended,290300,24720221,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Nubtard,"Imagine you're playing Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag.  Now, imagine that instead of being stuck with that one, tiny, but somehow infinitely upgradable little ship, you can actually buy new ships as your fortunes improve.  Now, imagine you're in space.  Finally, imagine you don't have to get out of the ship to follow some British ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ around the island for 20 minutes in an area that is suddenly, inexplicably teeming with soldiers.I think I got sidetracked.  Anyway.  This is an excellent quasi-3D ship combat game.  Not a full 3D sim like Freelancer... all player-piloted ships, and those of similar size, seem to occupy the same plane of space.  Rolls, climbs, and dives are not valid maneuvers.  Shields go fore, aft, port, starboard, with no concern for doral or ventral.  Despite this, you don't feel particularly limited in your play.  It's just streamlining something that can overly complicate some other games.There is some downside.  There isn't a lot of variety to your available weaponry.  The targeting AI that controls your turrets most of the time is kinda stupid, and works in exclusive terms, rather that allowing prioritization.  There are, inevitably, escort missions, some of which you will lose for no good reason.  The in-game economy is a little capricious, which makes moving goods profitably as a trader a bit of a long game.  But I still find it enjoyable to spend a few hours making pretty explosions in space, set to a soundtrack that you might find playing in Jim Raynor's house back on Mar Sara- forgettable, upbeat, twangy rock."
76561197997555049,Recommended,290300,18816624,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,khemeher,"Two dudes got together, drank some energy drinks, and rocked out to Clutch while storyboarding a game.   They needed some fast cash to get their Chevy Nova off the cinder blocks, and had to do it both cheap & good.  They took the basic engine from Torchlight, used it to make a galaxy, and replaced people with spaceships.  They set it to motion with steel guitars, particle effects, and lots of badass.  Rebel Galaxy was born.Do you want to be a badass outlaw space trucker?  Can you deal with not being able to go up & down, an do barrel rolls in exchange for easy to use controls & fun combat?  Can you tell your OCD tendencies to STFU & just enjoy the content?  Most importantly, do you want to be a badass outlaw space trucker?Rebel Galaxy:  Malt liquor & unfiltered cigarettes not included."
,Recommended,290300,18639068,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Emperor's Will,"Bought the GameGot the Ship Called RasputinTotally Neglect Main StoryStarted attacking Miners and MerchantsPirated enough to Buy ScarabNamed Scarab ""War Turtle""Wandered around to buy to best weapons and defence found mk6 too expensiveFound mk4 good enough not too expensiveChick named Cofax messaged meDid a mission with herTold to join Mercenary GuildJoined Mercenary GuildStarted doing MissionsLittle by Little everybody is starting to hate me except the Merc GuildWandered around trying to lay lowDistressed Signal spottedMilitia asking for back uptrying  to ease my relations with them cosidered helpingAccidentally Destroyed said Militia ShipShip Comp started talking""Multiple Ships Inbound""Militia Destroyers Came since my ship is small they looked like Star Destroyers form Star warsnot 1 not 2 but 4....Checked map was 250 meters away from militia outpostDestroyers fired leeched missile cant warp cant speed up fast enoughSuddenly game crashedReload gamethe game was saved on the spot where 4 destroyers camecant escaped always getting obliterated by the 4 destroyersgame was ruined need to start a new game again..............10/10 would join merc guild again"
76561198023965341,Recommended,290300,25476584,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,5FingerDeathPunch,"I purchased this game on sale at the time for $10 bucks hoping for a fun little space adventure............ 281 in-game hours later and all 37 achievements I would have gladly paid the full $20 price. Rebel Galaxy was satisfying in many ways with very few bugs that i noticed (escort missions being the main issue). With that being said, the trailer is only slightly misleading and i do wish the game had a more involved story and some extra content (DLC involving quest lines and new ships). In all fairness, my final judgement is 9.5/10 BEST 2d plane space game i have played in a long time and i have hopes that I will see Rebel Galaxy 2 someday......."
76561198006577734,Recommended,290300,18671955,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,71Dana,"If you are looking for positive affirmation that this game is worth buying, then stop here and buy it now.Every time I start this game, the start menu music sets the ""Firefly"" vibe of the Wild-West frontier in space.This game is fun and reminds me of playing privateer all those years ago, as a space captain just trying to make a living on the edge of known civilization.Finally, with regards to the Forum-Warriors that loudly whine and lament the lack of Multi-Player, go and play Fractured Space, or even Elite Dangerous if you really need to have PvP or Co-Op.To me one as a time poor Dad, one of the best things about this game is that it is a SOLO PvE game, that I can pause any time, or save and exit anytime without losing my progress."
,Recommended,290300,31070242,Posted: 10 April,all,W.R. Winter,"Rebel Galaxy is a babyproofed Freelancer with naval combat and a touch of Firefly.A fun game that unfortunately has too few features to justify getting really invested in it. Space sim fans will probably find this very shallow in comparison, but it can still provide a good ~20 hours of enjoyment for a reasonable price.Not a bad game at all; just don't buy it expecting Star Citizen."
,Recommended,290300,29464870,Posted: 24 January,all,Poshblobfish,"Very fun, but short-lived with almost no replayability. This is a game that you will play once, love, and wish there was more, but you'll never recieve it. If this doesn't bother you, then this is a good game for you."
,Recommended,290300,18833598,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Tman,"I finished the game, and it's time to write a love letter to Travis and Erich and all the people they contracted out for ship modeling / designs / voiceovers, etc.THANK YOU.From the bottom of my brown coat pocket, this is a game that immediately put me in what I could only imagine before ... something resembling the Firefly universe. I think you hit the absolutely sweet spot of fun / progression / story and artwork. I sometimes lost myself flying around, you made it really feel like I was out in outer-space, with the wide variety of planets / nebulas / junk fields / ice fields / asteroid fields, what have you. The sheer number of stations and objects you would run into while out in the cold really made it feel great.The care & thought you put into the simplified UI design was nothing short of brilliant. Simple & elegant.  I thought you had thought of everything and once when flying, my UI popped up and said ""It's been a while since you saved, you should dock at a station to save your game"" or something - then I knew you HAD thought of everything.The story was engaging, and the missions were enough of a large variety. Trade missions, assasination, protection, dead drops, the game really gives you a lot of options. So many cartels to see which one's you'll join / fight. The emergent game play - the distress signals (and ability to trade with the merchants was again a wise design choice as it reinforces saving their butts ;-), the un-identified signals, getting popped out in a junk or ice field, you made what should be a very empty space interesting while travelling around.For two guys and a small army of outside contractors / agents that you employed, this game rocks. I'm so glad that you decided to make this game.THANK YOU!!"
76561197963985477,Recommended,290300,29858621,Posted: 11 February,all,LaBrAt,"Having now played 60 hours into my first Rebel Galaxy playthrough, I feel i can give this game a solid review.Pros:- Awesome graphics (on max settings) that somehow find the right balance between cartoon-ish and realistic.- The ships are very customizable and they all look amazing, with pros and cons to each of them.- Custom music for any area of the game. (if you want to have shopping mall music in your space stations more power to you)- Simple yet effective combat system that relies heavily on shield management and ship positioning. (unless you want to repair at every station you dock at)- Accessible trading system. (buy when red, sell when green)- Good replayability due to the procedurally generated star systems.Cons:- WARP INHIBITED BY STELLAR MASS (this will be burned into your psyche) Literally everything kicks your ship out of warp once you are within 3.0 sm (solar mile??) of it. At least give me the option to smash my ship into an asteroid at warp if i'm that dumb.. this would be equivalent to getting demounted in an MMO every time you were within a few meters of a large rock or a tree... or another player.- While vast, the galaxy, and the solar systems feel lifeless. You will realize very quickly that you are playing a single player game in the cold loneliness of space.- Mining, is borderline pointless once you're at the point in the game where a single upgrade is well over $1,000,000. This is because the average mining drop is either obtanium or meteoric diamonds which sell for $1,000~, and $20,000~ respectively.- I found the default music to be irritating after listening to it for over 5 hours, though some people like it, at least there is the option to play without music or use your own.- The combat is mostly automated and based on whether your ship is stronger than the other one or not... not much outmaneuvering is possible in Rebel Galaxy, so you don't get rewarded for being a better pilot than your opponent.. that and the enemy AI is pretty terrible.- The economy and commerce of the game is completely random, so it makes trading at times very frustrating. Also, some comodoties becomes obsolete due to the limited storage space you have because of how little they sell for. There is also no way to sort or filter the viewing of the comodoties at stations, which you'd think would just be common sense. Any game in this day and age that has an auction house type system has the ability to sort and filter it. What i found to be the best way of making money was to just amass a ton of expensive comodoties and fly around the galaxy and rescue merchants. After resucing them, they will buy your stuff for the max market value, and you also get the cargo of whatever ship they were under fire from.- The story is very simplistic with some unique enemies generated from the missions, but overall it lacks any sort of emotional attachment to the characters or development of said characters. I will say however thatThe final mission with Trell's goodbye left me a bit dissatisfied, not sad mind you, just annoyed that there was no CGI end sequence like there was at the start of the game. Or even mid-game when she was telling you about how countless past civilizations used her for war etc. Would it have broken the budget to make a cutscene like that while she's explaining her origins? Probably.Overall, the game was fun to play, and advance with the new ships that i upgraded to, but i'm skeptical that i'll be coming back for round 2 anytime soon. Maybe if the weapons were more varied or the trading and economy was more flushed out the game would feel warmer and more dynamic, but i guess this is what you get for a budget title.Rating - 7/10"
76561198009689646,Recommended,290300,18597091,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,dave4985,"Coming from the guys behind the first two Diablo games and Torchlight, I had some pretty high expectations for this game...and it *delivers*.  The combat is fun and frantic, the graphics are good, the interface is decent, but what made me sit up and pay attention was the soundtrack.  My god, the soundtrack.  No techno-electronica or big orchestras here.  What you get is a hardcore mix of blues, rock and jazz that really just fits better with the Firefly/Cowboy Bebop feel of the setting.  Anyone who puts Blues Saraceno into a used-future space combat game can have my money.  Hearing ""Evil Ways"" start as you get jumped by pirates is a straight-up rush!"
,Recommended,290300,18596841,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Idiotech,"Video Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJm2iCtZjmETLDR: This is another game that needs a maybe button. It's a standard space sim and if that's what you are looking for there is a lot to enjoy here. However, if you are looking for something new then this isn't the game for you. It's also important to note that this is not a serious sim, and it isn't very realistic. However, it's presented well and has a more fun and light hearted theme that some will enjoy. For more please watch the video."
,Recommended,290300,19404792,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Foonati,"Take everything awesome about naval combat from AC: Black Flag, make it more open world, 1000x more customizable, upgradable ships, and then throw it all into ♥♥♥♥ing SPACE!"
76561198009475308,Not Recommended,290300,26109057,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,G+Λg=8πGT/c^4,"Much too grindy and relatively easy. Money is everything - the story itself isn't really driving the game (at least for me).I admit that the game is very enjoyable for the first few hours, but it becomes boring and then annoying.The Equipment/Weapon system is extremely linear (replace Mk 1 with Mk 2, then Mk 3 etc....) and in order to follow the main story line you have to grind through the typical MMO-style missions to buy better equipment...a lot...You cannot capture ships.You cannot make more profit with trading than with missions/fighting, as the trading system is a joke (trade volume is much too small).Fights are fairly unrewarding  (literally ... as most enemies only drop sh**) and boring after you found the best approach to them. It is not true that you cannot fight (slightly) stronger enemies, but at some gear-level difference there is no amount of tactical thinking that will save you.For the rest this game feels like a walking simulator...in space. It is very very very similar to starpoint gemini 2 in that respect.... you watch your ship slowly warping through space for a long time (even with upgrades), and the worst part: any stone/asteroid/enemy/ally you come close to during warping will kick you out of warp (""Warp inhibited by stellar mass"")...after 50 times of this I just cannot take it any more."
76561198013907594,Not Recommended,290300,23315723,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Psyko,"Played this and was essentially excited at first.  I thought ""Woohoo Space Pirate"".  RPG element was something I don't mind and kinda look forward to.  However what killed it for me was the fact that you're in a big cruiser-type ship and you're stuck driving the thing around like a car on a flat surface.  No going up or down, just forward, back, turn left, turn right.  Meanwhile your enemies use full range of 3 dimensional space swarming all around you going up, down, left, right, forward, backward and essentially while you're looking around you can't go up to catch them.  I've had problems where the enemies went way too far up for me to actually do enough damage so I had to give up on the fight.  Every planet and every piece of the galaxy is on a flat 2D surface except somehow the enemies are the only thing that can and will defy that logic."
76561197960666064,Recommended,290300,18597131,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,GrinR,"First Impression: Fun.  Very fun.  Reminds me vaguely of Star Control 2 mixed with your standard Freelancer-style space game.  Combat is naval-style ""broadsides"" on a 2D plane (not true 3D space combat) but once you embrace that, it's well designed.  You really do get that feeling of capital ship combat, with mini-turrets blasting away at circling fighters and powering up your big guns to take... down... those damn sheilds.  Good good fun, and certainly worth the sub-20 dollar price."
,Recommended,290300,25618289,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,kaxl,"If Firefly was a game, this would probably be it."
76561197997998444,Not Recommended,290300,20222194,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Zlyab,"The only thing that stands out in Rebel Galaxy is music - a metal take on country genre. Otherwise, it's incredibly bland and nondescript: the galaxy is procedurally generated and so are missions (except story ones which aren't captivating either). The AI is bad, the world doesn't feel alive, NPC behavior is way off (a single bomber trying to rob a fully operational dreadnaught - that's par for the course here).Basically, it's a grindfest: you pop ships, buy bigger guns, pop bigger ships and so on until you get to top tier equipment. You can't turn the tide in galactic warfare. You can't make friends or even get in the news.So, in short: if you want a 2D procedurally generated game, play Space Rangers. It holds up well and offers much more nuanced gameplay than this."
76561198045567969,Recommended,290300,24977973,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Hottu Doggu,"Fun game, runs well, isn't No Man's Sky.11/10"
76561198027185147,Recommended,290300,30708097,Posted: 24 March,all,Aerthos,"A wonderful game that you can approach in a few different ways. You can run around as a merchant, playing the market for locations to get goods for cheap and sell them at a profit... you can be a mercenary (or a pirate), taking jobs and hunting down bounties... you can even while away the hours mining asteriods for ore and diamonds. Add in a main storyline just engaging enough to keep you checking in on it (when you have the ship & supplies to do so) and a fantastic soundtrack--Rebel Galaxy is worth every penny."
,Recommended,290300,30346163,Posted: 5 March,all,BonesMoses,"Though it has its shortcomings in the story arena, it's really an excuse to join the upgrade treadmill in buying the biggest, nastiest, blow-things-up-est ship you can manage. It's all about playing missions to get money and buy those sweet, sweet weapons and armor upgrades until you have a veritable capital-ship erasing fortress. At the end of the game, I spent a good couple hours just annihilating missions for giggles; very fun!And a hint if you plan on playing this on easy mode: join the Merchant Guild ASAP. Equip your ship with Null-Grav Boosters. Occasionally they'll have a mission that's worth like 10x the average mission price because you're supposed to obtain materials and deliver them through a blockade. Obtain them by going to the Commodity Market and looking at which station supplies them. Go to that station, buy their stock, and exit the game. When you continue, they'll have restocked. Keep doing that until you have the necessary units, then deliver to the target station. About 30sm from the location, you'll get pulled out of warp. Just engage your boosters and tap deflectors when rockets are about to hit you or you need to recharge the booster. The first time I did this, I made $250k when missions in the area were only $20-30k, and I wish I knew about it way earlier."
76561198070846161,Recommended,290300,33950619,Posted: 1 August,all,rakkhot,"ok, I will recommend it but in this review I will be quite critical of the game, because I think it's not a game for everybody.First, the fun thing about this game is the combat, that's what this game is made for and polished for. The story is acceptable, I have seen worse stories in better games. Everything else is unpolished or bare-bones. I have seen someone saying in the forum that the game is fun but shallow and I think that describes it pretty well.For specific points (everytime I'm talking about money bellow here it never means real world money):- Why put faster space travel behind a paywall? Really the time you loose flying through nothing is absolutely boring. Sure at the beginning it can be cool to be in space but that does not last longer than 10 minutes and the fact that you can only fly on a horizontal plane lets the feeling vanish even faster. So the warp drive should be at it's highest setting from the beginning without needing to buy costly upgrades, but it isn't.- Enemies scale with you, it is not as bad as I've seen in other games where the enemies are always exact your level, you can sometimes get ahead of the enemies. But it's still pretty frustrating when you finally can afford a new ship and then realize all enemies also just upgraded to the next bigger ship.- I really dislike some missions where you have to go to a specific point and while you got there or when you arrive there you suddenly are surrounded by 30 small ships and 5 bigger ships than you yourself have, I would've liked a more strategical approach to those battles instead of dumping you in and watch you squirm.- I do like the ship designs but I would've liked if you could've changed some things about it with money, like buying more space for turrets, so that you could get the other juggernauts for example to the same level as the blackgate, so that not everybody ends up with pretty much the same super ship at the end.- Another point about the ships, it woud've been nice to have a little more variety on ships.- I dislike long grinding, so I like games where the progression comes natural, that's not the case here. At least after you have your 2nd or 3rd ship you will have to start grinding on missions and bounties or do mining (i can't say anything about mining, because I have not done it since it didn't interest me) to get better equipment and bigger ships. I have seen some ppl saying they went back to or never changed their first ship because then the enemy difficulty also didn't change much, but in my case I want to see and use all these different ships, that's the reason I'm playing.- The missions where you have to pair warp are broken, you need luck to not get something in your way until you get to the destination, as soon as even a speck of dust in the way, the other ship will just turn around fly back to your starting point and then do the same again.Ok these are the points I wanted to make, there are still some minor nitpicks but they are so small I don't think I need to describe them in detail here.So, it's a fun game, the combat is pretty engaging and the different ships do provide some variety, but buy with cation, there are some things that can make the game quite annoying at times."
,Recommended,290300,29423345,Posted: 22 January,all,Slyfox,"Wow.. This game left me pleasantly surprised. First thing I want to mention is NO you cant get out of your spaceship and walk around on planets. That being said everyhting else in this game is great; the combat, the trading system, the story, the ships, the loot, the banditry, the contracts AND ESPECIALLY THE SOUNDTRACK! If you want a space exploration/battle game I cant recommend this game enough."
76561198043039523,Recommended,290300,24621782,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Goose,"If you liked Privateer or Freelancer you will like Rebel Galaxy. Only caveat is the game is a 2D Naval Style Combat. But for the price, it can not be beat."
,Not Recommended,290300,20361691,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,I AKU!,"Rebel Galaxy has the potential to be a really fun game, it's very smooth, pretty, and fun for a while, it reminded of Sid Meier's Pirates in space to an extent. The hugest problem though is the game's combat pretty much comes down to grinding for money to get gear so you don't instantly get blown out of the sky. There's very little strategy involved, you either have the right gear or you just get ♥♥♥♥ed. AI ships will just EMP you to oblivion so you can't run away (And you basicially have no defense against this whatsoever), they eat through shields and deflectors like crazy, and if your weapons aren't good enough its game over. Combat in the later game just feels like a war of attrition. I think what ties into this is they focused way too much breadth and instead of depth, the game's big but there's not much there. Hopefully they either fix this or just learn from their mistakes for a sequel, because I did have fun for a while, but the lategame ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t just bored me."
,Recommended,290300,18866729,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Eonyte,"A decent but shallow space combat and trading game. It is by no means a simulator.Pros:- Great graphics, sound effects and music- Enjoyable 2D broadside combat- Missions are quite varied and sometimes fun- Has a campaign- Well optimized*, no bugs encountered aswellCons:- Very few factions that you can actually befriend- Some ships can't be acquired- Extremely simple combat (can be a pro for some, certainly not for me)- The universe feels empty* = I use a pretty dated computer, so it should run well for most people."
76561198033438493,Not Recommended,290300,29766541,Posted: 7 February,all,Friday,"I bought this game based on many reviews comparing it to Freelancer. Judging from the youtube gameplay videos it didnt look much anything like it, but I thought it must be a ""freelancer-ish"" feeling about it, once you get your hands on.Nothing farther from the truth. It is nothing like Freelancer. Nothing.+Pros:+ runs decent on older machines ( I cant tell this for sure, i am basing this comments on the sys-req I read on the steam)+ can provide some hours of fun for the really stubborn fans of the genre waiting for a good game to pop out.******- Minuses:- space is 2D. I know many have said it before me, but GET THIS NOW: it is really 2D.- poor controls on keyboard and mouse, clearly designed to be played on controller.- uninsipred controlls for non-flying/combat (i.e. to see your current mission you have to press ESC and pause the game, then navigate some other menus which are selectable only by using left and right buttons)- MISSING a map legend. You learn what everything is by exploring and making mistakes.- menu navigation in bases is cumbersome and the inventory is navigated left, right, up, down (similar to the hellish system from the first Mass Effect inventory, brr)- activity in game feels grindly and repetitive, when not doing the main story missions.- non compelling story arch.- non-human NPC's voices are ghastly and sound like rubbing an angry, hissing cat against sandpaper.- human NPC voices are gruffy as if everyone in space has a cold. Those who are lucky enough not to be cold, are cliche-ish both in tone and vocabulary. Think of any other generic NPC you have heard in 1000 games before.- soundtrack saves face, BUT only if you are into his genre. For me it was fine ar first, but i muted it soon (please don't comment about my music taste; believe it or not, not everyone is into blues rock or country rock)- system voice, ambient and effects are not independently configurable, meaning you will often not hear important system messages over infernal blaster fire.- very poor graphics for a 2015 game, and not many advanced options. Just the very basiscs.Conclusion:I praise the developers for the effort and time they took to create this game, but the overall feeling is that it is amateurish. Not indie, but amateurish. I won't shun away from buying again one of their products, but I will put a lot more scrutiny into it, before buying it.Thank you fellow gamers for your time reading this.Play well."
76561198020964411,Recommended,290300,23344052,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Monadnock,"Rebel Galaxy, a game developed by two guys in an apartment somewhere.  It has you, the protagonist/antagonist, piloting a myriad of ships on a 2D plane while searing holes through smaller ships buzzing around you.  It's a simple game with beautiful visuals and a non-complex playstyle.  It takes a few minutes to get the controls down, but once that's done, it becomes second nature.It's the choose your own adventure book of the space World.  Want to be a militia-supporting pilot that tries to do the right thing?  Ok.  Prefer to be a pirate that melts the armor of miners and traders?  Ok.  Want to be a miner or trader?  Ok.  Bounty hunter?  Done.It has capital ships to fight/pilot, an array of modules/weapons to upgrade and many missions to accept and complete.  There is a propensity for the missions to get shallow, but the combat is fun enough to continue.  The desire for me to have the biggest, baddest ship in the Galaxy continues to drive me.  If I find myself getting a little weary from the missions, I go mine, or trade.  I find myself thinking about how I want to build my next ship.  Do I want an array of beam lasers?  Or do I want to build a missile boat?The game does have a storyline arc, but I'm not fully through it yet, so it's difficult for me to comment on it.  I am intrigued though, because I want to see where it goes.  Since that's the case, it has sufficiently pulled me in enough for me to continue.The music is terrific, and the game offers the ability to point toward your own local set of music based on triggers.  Want your collection of dubstep to play during a battle, but have a desire to have your atmospheric collection to drone on when you're just flying around?  Totally doable.For the price, even at full cost, it's my opinion that the game is worth it.  It's a fun time sink that allows me to drop the ""why so serious?"" facade and just play a fun game involving lasers and explosions while making my own choices."
76561197961439760,Not Recommended,290300,26380303,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Agent Sno0gins,"Honestly, there's nothing wrong with this game. However, after 17 hours in...I felt nothing. It was cool as first. The music got me hyped up, the fighting was...meh. The ship only navigates on 1 plane...but we are in SPACE! So the combat and the movement seems kinda lackluster and once you get passed the cool music you start to realize that the game is super repetitive, kinda bland, and just lacking in life. It's not a bad game by any means, but not something I'd pay full price for, especially when there's other space-shooty-grindy games out there.You want space? Play Elite:Dangerous or something. This is Elite:Lite and Low Fat.Only get it on sale for like...under $10.00"
,Not Recommended,290300,18639022,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Equinox,"Its unfortunate as the game has so much potential, but in reality is nothing but one big grind.It basicly goes like this, you do a story mission, then you have to grind for hours doing repetitive missions to gain new gear after which you can do another story mission and have to grind for hours again.When you finaly get the baddest ship in the system the story progresses to the next system and it all starts over again.The praised music is nice, but it does get repetitve too when you play for a few hours, its like a cd on repeat all the time.It also bothers me that this game is clearly made to be played with a controller and not with mouse/keyboard.Aiming is done with the mouse on a 2d plane, but in all modes but broadside the crosshair snaps on targets so there is very little manual aiming to be done.You simply select a target and click the mouse to fire the weapons group.Seeing the crosshairs snap your constantly moving you mouse to try and get it to snap on the target you want it.On a controller this isnt a problem as you just move the analog stick, but a mouse doesnt move infinite.Ironicly you cant aim up as everything happens in a 2d plane, but small strike craft do fly over you.Its also not possible to assign weapon groups, the groups are assigned automaticly by the type of weapon used.They are ordenance, projectile and beams, its not possible to manualy fire a mixed selection, you can only control one at a time with the number keys, they others are ai controlled.The game does have allot of good pointers though, the graphics are awesome, the mood is good, its casual and laid back.AI turret control can be set to your preferences, like shooting only selected or target only small craft.There is a large selection of ships and weapons to be had, which gives allot of variation in tactics.The ships are clearly a progression over eachother though, they dont give you room to select multiple ships of a same strength, the next ship in line is always more expensive, and somewhat better than the last, yet requiring a different tactic.Pro's:Great graphicsGood moodVery casualGreat controller supportSomewhat intrigueing storyCons:Allot of grinding requiredRepetitive missionsPoor mous/keyboard support, fixed mouse ballisticWeapon groups are fixed, no buttons to fire other weapons than the ones selectedLooking back, i may not have bought this."
,Recommended,290300,29808888,Posted: 9 February,all,reachthesekids,"One of the most underrated games on steam. I grabbed this on sale and didn't touch it for weeks but I'm so glad I did. It's action packed with a lot of RPG elements. You can spend hours just exploring or jump into a battle at any time. I was a bit hesitant over the lack of full 3D movement, but it's not an issue at all. This is like a more badass, space-themed version of Sid Meier's Pirates."
76561197991657927,Recommended,290300,18650073,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,MrMuse,"You can see that I've given this a thumbs up well okay but let's get the bad parts out of the way first. Right off the bat this game is overrated by people new to the genre, who have had bad experiences with other games in the genre, are impressed by dev team responses in threads, are amazed that it's made by a two-man dev team, and love the soundtrack. New to the genre is self explanatory - it's a great and under used genre that has been a niche for far too long. Bad experiences..well a lot of the games of this ilk are either out dated like the greats Freelancer, DarkStar One, and the whole Privateer series, whilst the X series is notorious for being released in terrible condition and aren't patched to a high standard until usually the 3rd major patch. This doesnt make them any less worthy examples of the genre when they ARE finished but the initial buggyness and headaches tend to make people react so badly that the games are crucified before they even get to that stage. As for dev responses..I've not had one to my queries and even had one deleted from the threads altogether so no brownie points there fanboys. Whilst Double Damage are a two man team it is very rare for small or solo teams to do all the work themselves..they hire part-time fillers for artwork, coding..whatever is needed..I'm sure that's the case here - When was the last time you saw a credits list to ANY game that showed one or two names? The soundtrack IS great with its modern outlaw theme (very similar to some of the music in the Sons of Anarchy T.V. show) but great music alone does not make a game.All this said, it's an accomplished entry FOR THOSE NEW TO THE GENRE who may be put off by something a lot more wide ranging and complex like Elite Dangerous; others may be put off by what can seem dumbed down and simplistic by comparison leaving a somewhat arcadey feel to combat. Regardless of how you feel in that respect it's a decent game that is certainly worth the asking price."
,Recommended,290300,18722923,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,shakm,"Classic space game formula done right.Summary: If you don't hate naval style combat / movement you need to get this one.You don't need a lengthy review on this one, trust me. Chances are you've already played other space games and on paper you'll get exactly what you expect: A short story, fighting, trading, smuggling, mining, rescuing, escorting, ship upgrading, new ships to buy, some factions, some solar systems, jumpgates and .. well .. you get the drift.Originality is not why eventually you'll decide to buy this. Polish and charm is.Very enjoyable naval-style 2d combat. Easy to get into, few keybindings to remember, requires the correct amount of strategy (aka it never gets boring and it never makes your brain melt).Opportunistictrading and mining. No need for spreadsheets or noting something down. You'll instantly recognize red prices, stations with famine, mining rushes, market gluts, under siege etc and you'll know when to buy or sell. You'll stop to help traders being attacked by enemies and then sell them high some of your cargo.Addictive progression system. There's always a new ship, weapon or component to aim for and it will always be addictively close to your budget.Short, classic, cool story. It won't win an oscar, but the voice acting and general style is pleasing and keeps you mildly hooked. It never limits your sandbox experience though and you'll probably be alternating between sandbox and story.Style. Lots of it. Very enjoyable and unique slide-guitar firefly-like rock soundtrack and you also get to use your own music for fighting, idle and in-station situations. Very colorful galaxy with cool gameplay-changing nebulas and asteroid fields.Make no mistake though, this game won't replace elite dangerous or star citizen in your library. You'll probably be alternating between them. One's for the serious long-term thinking space pilot that grinds money and faction influence with his multiplayer buddies and the other one's for the colorful opportunist lone-wolf / firefly / Han Solo experience.EDIT: Almost a year after having finished my first playthrough i find myself again drawn to this game and going for a second playthrough. In the meantime i've been playing (or re-playing) elite dangerous, x rebirth, ring runner, pixxelfrazer, endless sky, galak-z, beyond sol, cosmonautica and other space games - and i have to say i'm having the most fun with Rebel Galaxy (Beyond Sol and ring runner shared the 2nd place)."
76561197970692049,Recommended,290300,31280377,Posted: 21 April,all,wormwoody,Strangely loving this game. It's filled the Freelance shaped void in my soul that I hadn't realised was there until now. It's a great casual game with lovely styling and a kicking sound track.
,Recommended,290300,23366533,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Holden_Mcgroin,"Elite/jumpdrive mixed with Sid Meyers pirates:  easy learning curve, superb looking, easy to pick up and play, fun, not too serious, and definitely not a hardcore ""realism"" space-sim . It's just how they describe it on the store page, a swashbuckling space adventure.Works well with keyboard/mouse, or a  controller.There are so many other positive reviews for this that you ought read the negative reviews first because that is where you will nail the things that you will or won't like about this game."
,Recommended,290300,18956431,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Army of None,"If you liked Freelancer's systems and interesting worlds, chances are you'll like this."
76561198000903647,Recommended,290300,18620617,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Trenchfoot321,"If you enjoyed games like Freelancer when you were little, then this is the game you need in your life.  The controls may seem a bit simplistic going into it, but once you realize how heavily you have to be timing both the broadsides, managing approaches, and using the deflector, the game can become complicated fast. I mainly did merc work, didn't find much need for mining, and within a little while I found myself turning to piracy as well.This is a very well rounded game with good graphics, only the odd bug or two, and an amazing soundtrack that had me checking their web page, pretty certain I'd just heard Chris Cornell and Zac Brown going in again. Of course, it wasn't, but the hard rock sound track none the less seals the deal. This game seriously feels like it should have a much higher price tag and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,290300,25008683,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Periander,"Rebel galaxy is great for $20 (USD - so prob $25 AUD).I played No Man's Sky and got bored after a week, but was still looking for my space fix.A friend recommended Rebel Galaxy, and 10 or so hours in, the gameplay, soundtrack and just general polish of it are superb by comparison.Playing with a controller too which is something I rarely do, but honestly it works for once.Oh, and it freaking works on multi-monitors out of the box (16:3 7680x1440 here). Something big studios or those charging AAA prices seem incapable of doing - looking at you Bethesda and Hello Games!"
76561198050124687,Recommended,290300,25835040,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Hosanin,"Three things NOT to do;1) Fly Hammerhead after you can get better ship because you named it Serenity2) Run around quoting a TV show from the early 2000's3) Pass on this gameSeriously, I passed on it more than once and completely regret it. Not sure if it's because I'm a Firefly fan or what, but man, this game is just plain amazing. There's so much to do and once you get the hang of things you will find that the game has even more to offer."
76561197995171956,Not Recommended,290300,23325619,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Batory,"A very fun game for a few hours...Then it becomes totally boring, the story is dull, missions repetitive, fighting... shallow.This game had  a lot of potential, sadly, ruined by a lack of content.I bought it on some very high discount, it was worth it, but for full price or even 50% discount (10 eu) - unfortunately not."
76561198053874177,Recommended,290300,20486027,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,MTB-Fritz,"Rebel Galax ReviewI want to start out with a rough outline of the game. Rebel Galaxy is an action oriented spaceship game. Its NOT a simulator and its NOT a strategy game. The developers last title was Torchlight II and they managed to pack the ARPGs elements into this game as well. Theres loot theres upgrades, lots of ships and all this in a space setting which looks beautifull.So....action oriented Space game.Who are you in this game?You are a young starship captain and you dont start your carreer in a space fighter either. You start out with a frigatte. Sure its small and doesnt have a whole lot to it but its in the capital ship class and thats what all other flyable ships are as well. Capital ships. From the measly frigatte to the mighty dreadnaught. You will curse the bombers, fighters and gunships all around you but you ll never fly them yourself. And why would you? The weapons you have at your disposal are frightening and extremly destructive.The game drops you in front of a Space station and your ""campaign"" is to find your aunt which vanished and is rumored to ve run into some trouble while following her not-so-white activities. Your ship has all the things you need to set off and start playing but pretty much everything is crap...at first.Lets be clear about something.....when you ""fly"" your ship you ll do it on a 2D plane only. No fancy going ""up"" or ""down"" with such a large ship. You can only turn left or right and increase or reduce thrust.On the other hand you are given your hull, armor on top and a shield generator to protect yourself from other big ships and small ones alike. In order to defend your newbie hide you have 3 weapon categories with multiple weapon choices in each being your Broadsides, your secondaries and your turrets. And here is where the game ""hooks"" you (or not) with its addictive elements. Pretty much every station offers a wide variety of modules in different qualities (starting at Mark 1 going to Mark 6) and in order to being able to buy these lil babies you gonna need a lot of credits. Sadly credits dont come around on their own so you got to chose from a list of activities in order to EARN credits until you can afford the next upgrade.Mining, treasure hunting, bounty hunting, guild missions, cargo missions, combat missions, escort missions. This game offers a wide variety of things you can do. You ll still do it all on your ship of course but with the right pick of modules you can ""specialize"" your ship to certain mission types.Missions vary in difficulty based on your total worth and the opposition you ll encounter. Gear apart ""how"" you fly has a big impact on your survivability as well which is a nice touch IMO.The flow of the game.Your playground is a star system with all its gas clouds, asteroid belts, planets and other space farers you can encounter. Each system is several AUs big and once you upgrade your engines (seperate module) you ll be able to visit other star systems which makes the whole picture bigger. Star systems offer different tiers of servces and challenges meaning in order to get the higher Mark modules you ll need to switch to different systems which are populated by harder enemies so this is the circle you face in RG. Upgrade to be able to do harder stuff which in turn leads to better upgrades etc.System to system travel is done via ""jump gates"" which are an instant switch. In-system you rely on your trusted warp engines to get you from A to B. The whole system is easy to understand and easier to use and it ensures that you can jump into RG for 15-20 minutes at a time and get things done. Yes missions are short affairs but nevertheless they can be engaging and entertaining.Rebel Galaxy looks lovely. Its overall colorfull and the default music track I would describe as ""cowboys in space"" but hell....it fits.Its easy to use and hard to master. Upgrading to a new ship is always a big moment and find myself ""itching"" wanting to try it out. I dumped a whole lot of hours into this game simply because its FUN. Its not overall realistic and it could use some more complexity but its a cheap title made by 2 people. What you get for your money is AAA material in my book.I play several saves at the moment because the game allows you to take speific paths which dont go well with other paths so decisions need to be worked on and are really hard to lift once done. For example I have a save where I aligned myself with the pirate factions so most stations fire on sight, I m a wanted criminal by the militia and traders dont trade with me anymore. On the other hand I can pillage and loot whatever I find, spit on enemy militia destroyers and smuggle with illegal subtsnces to my hearts desire. Also there are some ""pirate-only"" ships and modules I can aquire this way.The same is true for a military career. You ll be hunting pirates mostly and will be a respected captain in most corners of the galaxy. Some militia-only ships taunt you in case you are not doing all this out of your heart.Its kind of a ""short"" game. You have your storyline which brings you to mid game I d say after that the open game starts which is the whole galaxy with you dumped in the middle. From then on you gonna have to find your own goals sandbox style. Eventually you ll run out of ships to switch and modules to upgrade and will swim in credits. Thats when you ll notice your motivation to drop. Either you drop by from time to time to enjoy a mission or you start over. Apart from the storyline which is always the same you can pick fromseveral different approaches in the game which are all viably.I certainly dont play as much as I used to anymore but its still fun and to be honest, I consider it a good purchase....never regretted shelling out the cash (and for such a title thats actually cheap)9/10"
76561197968331161,Recommended,290300,28545187,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Danger,"So I've Hit the 50 hour threshold with this game.  I find it hard to have a negative reveiw for something I put so much time into, So its positive now.Pros:Good musicGood graphicsSolid progression systemOpen world with the ability to choose what you want to do to progressCons:Simplistic combatHighly repetiveMeh main plotlineSome early parts i found very frustrating and had to save scum to get past itSo orginally i didn't like this game.  But what i failed to realize was that this isn't a game you sit down and play for hours on end.  Its a game you play for a bit then come back the next day or so.  Thats what got me I just kept coming back.Also I only spent $6 on it that might have helped.Space pirates/traders/anti pirates unite!"
,Recommended,290300,18668900,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Jack Forsythe,"I watched the trailer, heard the music for it, fell in love.... then I read the tutorial in game ""Naval Style WITH BROADSIDES"" and I was ready to put a ring on it. The atmosphere and the gameplay are spectacularly well done. Oh plus its got pretty good graphics as well."
76561198024957270,Recommended,290300,24553206,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Darkbluesea,"This game feels just right. Its the feeling that you are a space cowboy and the universe is there for the taking. Imagine a mix of Escape Velocity series (Escape Velocity/Override/Nova) and Firefly. This is it. The soundtrack is epic, its the best combination of music for this kind of game I have ever listened to. It makes the game enticing. The gameplay is quite easy and easy to catch up. Space navigation and combat are too easy, specially because there is no movement on the Z Axis.The story in itself is very simple, both in lenght and content and there is only ""one path"" to follow trough. You can continue playing after you finish the main storyline, and that is a huge plus. Specially if we can add mods/dlcs in the future. New ships, new weapons, new missions.I would def. recommend this game.Pros:gameplaymusiccombatgraphicsCons:story qualityonly one path to victoryshort list of weapons/ships"
,Recommended,290300,18652256,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Darkfire,"I'm a big space games fan... but I've been disappointed by Elite Dangerous' ""mile wide, inch thick"" issues, even EVE got boring (though I'll always return to it)... and I've tried an assortment of other space genre games on steam, only to return them after 30 mins of gameplay. In fact, I hardly ever write reviews.But this game really caught me by surprise. This is an original game on steam that I actually love.If you want a Firefly experience, then this is the game for you, complete with the western grunge music. Excellent soundtrack, in fact.Buy it, it's definitely worth $20."
76561197966570006,Recommended,290300,31083781,Posted: 11 April,all,Norek,"First off, I only really have one complaint about this game, and that is the length the game. After the main story is done, all there is left to do is grind some Reputations for kicks and do achievements if you want.Having said that.+Fun gameplay+Multiple ships & weapons+Lots to explore (though limited finds)+Actually have to play smart as you fight stronger enemies, changing what sides they are hitting to allow shield recharge, using deflectors to counter missile/laser barrages etc.-Not a ton to do outside the main story besides money/rep grindingThis game is a blast (pew pew) there is a variety of weapon types for various play styles, you can (and have to) use objects in the game world as cover if you are over run (asteroids, enemy structures, even larger enemy ships! better to be shot at by 1 than by 6)"
,Not Recommended,290300,18978463,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Gutter,"UPDATE:  This review is out of date, so take what I say about the mechanics with a grain of salt.  I will not be playing this to see what has been fixed any time soon.  Seriously, I spent a lot of time and got no real reward for the MASSIVE grind.  I doubt I will ever beat this game.  Like I say below, the reward does not justify the time it takes.Like some others, I really like a lot about this game but it has some problems.  The kind of problems that caused me to just set the game down, and walk away.  I will start with what I liked.I liked the:GraphicsShip designCombatCustomizing of ship loadoutsChance to buy items low in one system and sell high in anotherAtmosphere\EnvironmentsAbility to add a custom soundtrack  (I used tracks from the Endless Space and Dungeon of The Endless Soundtracks and I liked it better than the normal soundtrack.)What I did not like:The grind!and lack of variety in objectives- This is the biggest problem for me.  You have to grind a lot to progress, with no real change between the different star systems aside from harder enemies/missions + higher tier gear/ships.  This would not be so bad if there were more to do than the same basic missions repeatedly.(IMO: I think having some unique things to find around in space could make flying from port to port a bit more fun.  You know, things that add life and history to the universe you have created.  )Difficulty Spikes- As others have pointed out, there are delivery missions where upon near-arrival to your destination, a ring of fighter shipsappeararound you.  These ships are quickly reinforced by more ships.  Even with the threat level low, these fighters annihilate your shields and you get picked off pretty quick.  I have had to quit almost every one of these mission due to an absolute inability to get past these ships. (even after upgrading)Merchants Guild Missions- I had originally planned on focusing my time with the Merchants Guild.  On top of the painful delivery quests, I found the others tedious and boring.  Some require you to purchase a large amount of relatively uncommon items and then deliver them to a certain station.  The amount of time and cargo space required for those missions make them a total waste of time.This is too bad because I much prefer the idea of playing a merchant/smuggler, and I like the ships they offer as well.  So I switched to the Mercenaries Guild because the missions are more fun and make more sense.Except rescue missions.Does anyone else have a huge problem with the rescue missions as well?  Maybe I just suck at those.TL;DR- You might like this for a while if you love space games.  But, there is a good chance that you will hit a wall where your time spent isn't worth the fun gained.  I really want to recommend this game, but cannot.In one word: Plateau."
76561198055186927,Recommended,290300,18774159,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Jarzus,I usually do not leave reviews because I am a lazy♥♥♥♥♥ but this game is absolutely fun. It gets a little repetitve but it is a good way for me to unwind and blow some things up.Great GraphicsGreat ControlsAwesome music
,Recommended,290300,27962719,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,s'krrra!,"The soundrack alone is worth it. Emotive blues notes as you cruise through the void...But this game is generally really fun - if you're into space or pirates (or space pirates!), this is the game for you.This is one of those ""small"" games I wish everyone would buy, because the developers deserve every last cent for making such an enjoyable space sim (and absolutely nailing it!)... keeping my eye on Double Damage Games from now on!"
,Not Recommended,290300,30303772,Posted: 3 March,all,[BL] marLeo,"TL;DR below.This game should be called 'Grind Galaxy'.That's because grinding is basically what you will do for 90% (or more) of your game time. Except you're only going to play it for it's main (and only) story. There are no story side quests. Only missions like: destroy some captial ships, rescue a trader by destroying more capital ships, escorting another ship to it's destination while destroying even more capital ships or deliver goods to a certain base which will be hindered by - you guessed right - capital ships which you will have to destroy or run away from.If you want any challenge out of this game, don't upgrade your ship too much. Do as little grinding as possible, so your missions will stay at least at normal difficulty. The game tells you the difficulty for every mission going from 'extreme' to 'low'. I did the mistake of grinding for a dreadnaught ship with level 6 equipment and the game became childs play.The story of this game is very lackluster and demotivating. There was much more potential in it to work with, but the devs didn't build on that. It also ends very abruptly. Even the mediocre story of Freelancer looks like a masterpiece compared to Rebel Galaxy's. I was very disappointed by the story. Especially after the ending.Trading is a waste of time in this game. It has no real simulated economy and the profit margins are so small that it's just not rewarding. The fastest way to make money is to do side missions which, in basically all cases, come down to combat. And after them you can sell the loot you've got from your fallen foes and still make more money than having bought and traded them.Mining is even more useless than trading except for the one achievement you can get.The visuals of the game are okay. They don't make you go 'wow', but at least they're not ugly. But even the old Freelancer can hold up with it. And Freelancer has a greater variety of areas you can visit. In Rebel Galaxy every solar system basically looks the same.The sound of the game and the appraised soundtrack are okay. The soundtrack might annoy you after some time since it's not very diversified. Too few songs are in the game. At least you can set your own music for the various instances of gameplay.TL;DRIf you're looking for a space action game and haven't played Freelancer then definitely go for that. Or if you want even more quality check out the Descent: Freespace games. Google for Open Freepace for a improved version of them.If you've played Freelancer already and are looking for something similar, even if not as good, you could give Rebel Galaxy a try. But better buy it on sale. It's not worth it's full price in my opinion.If you're looking for a space sim where you can do more than just continuous fighting - like trading, mining, building an empire - you should avoid this game and rather check out the games from the X universe or Elite Dangerous."
,Recommended,290300,21933012,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Double Damage GamesPublishers:Double Damage GamesInitial release:Oct 2015Genre:Action, Strategy, Economy Simulator, Space#Worth/NotWorth:#WorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationBuy red, sell green. “Economic prosperity and quality education for our children are inexorably linked.” - Jon HuntsmanRebel Galaxy is a indie developed game best summarized by calling it a space trucking simulator. Think of Elite Dangerous in the ocean. The games combat takes place on more of or less of a two dimensional plane. In the the way that Assassins Creed IV Black Flag naval combat has become a bit of a standard. However fighter ships can go a bit above or below the playing field. Of course there are contingencies that allow you to deal with these inconveniences such as automated scatter turrets that can have a tactical assignments selected while you are trying to focus aiming your broadside hardpoints.The game has faction warfare that evokes a feeling of Mercenaries. Some factions are needlessly hostile to you to begin with while others can be swayed through favors or pushed away by other actions.There is no ship customization other than changing hardpoints, shields and deflectors. Or strait up buying a new ship. The game, despite its open nature, has a very linear progression. I see only 2 ways to go. You either become better at killing other ships or pick a frigate that is better at not dying whilst transporting cargo. Essentially be a bounty hunter bent on protecting the citizenry of the known universe. Be a space trucker and keep your nose clean at least in areas controlled by the militia or become space pirate. This is not necessarily a bad thing but in all honesty it feels very shallow and has a feeling (the entire experience) of being a tutorial to Elite Dangerous. Which again is fine, so long as you expect that going in.There are commodities at each station. In essence you could just play the market to progress and get ahead. There are often events going on like a tech boom or famine where buying low and selling high should be a strait forward affair.The game features a custom soundtrack option. And no, I don't mean like putting on a playlist from spotify. You actually set up custom pathing. As in, choose from list A for battles, List B for Exploration etc etc.. However the game features an OST that I consider quite superb. Its consists of some amalgam of slide guitar space cowboy jams and 90's grunge. Which feels not to far to removed from the serious/satire ratio that Borderlands possesses.THE GISTThe game is basically a more friendly version of Elite Dangerous and that's not a bad thing. So long as your expectations are not higher than that it is a very enjoyable game indeed.Follow my curation for more"
76561197993160592,Recommended,290300,24220951,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Jaded Cynic,"People keep saying this little gem is 'the spiritual successor to ""Freelancer""'...well, I feel it's more of 'the more faithful sequel to ""Privateer"" than ""Freelancer"" was'.This is not to say that Digital Anvil's last(?) release was *bad*, but it's more like this later game manage to recapture the first game's core 'feel' than the sequel.  Make no mistake, it does fit in that same grove as both of Chris Roberts' titles, but it lacks the 'glitz' of a AAA-game like Freelancer; it's got more of a 'rough gem' feel like that Wing Commander spin-off was.And tangible things bear me out: the 'meta-game' is very similar: you have stations/bases that allow you to buy and configure ships, commodity markets to buy and sell goods, a mission computer to take various jobs, a bar to meet storyline people, chat with the bartender for rumors and info and hire wingmen...and two 'guilds' - Merchant and Mercenary - who offer better jobs than the mish compy...with membership.Rogue Galaxy adheres to this system, but adds a little to it; the guilds supply unique gear and ships, for example, and your standing can grow over requirement levels to make same available to you (there was little point in 'grinding favor' with factions in Privateer once you were 'friendly').Now the core gameplay (combat and station-to-station travel) is different; you're captaining a large ship that operates like a blue-water vessel, rather than a glorified 'space plane', and combat is 'raking him with your broadsides' rather than 'curling in on his six and shooting him down', but even that difference doesn't weaken the bond.Even the story premise - you speak with this person and that person, and are given an 'artifact' to hold on to momentarily for someone, and it proves to be very desirous for just about everyone else, painting a giant bullseye on the beam of your frigate.But again, this seems to be loving and faithful emulation of a great older title, and it helps the new game.If you liked Privateer (or even its 'big show' successor Freelancer) you WILL like Rebel Galaxy...even if you prefer dogfighting to battleship steerage.  It will 'scratch that itch' while you're waiting to see how Star Citizen will evolve into something that likely won't be able to....oh, and as I'm sure many others have said: the soundtrack is AMAZINGLY good; catchy tunes that you'll find yourself humming on the commute after a while playing. :)"
76561198020283295,Recommended,290300,25613983,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Daloki,"This game reminds me of Freelancer. In my opinion Freelancer was one of the best space games ever! This game is very easy on computer requirements. I can run it at max settings with no issues and I have a much older system.Pros: Feels like Freelancer style of play but a bit more dynamic. Space combat, tradeing with stations and vessels in space, real piracy including gangs to join, differnt factions that interact based off your standing and more.A variety of ship combat styles to your likeing. Much to explore like Freelancer.There is a cool story that you aren't require to follow but keeps things interesting.Cons: The galaxy isnt known for its extreme beauty but I think thats just a minor. If the game was 60$ then I would complain.I think the ships are all rather ugly. Usually space crafts are designed to look very alien and beautiful. All the ships in the game have this rustic western look and fee. Also the music is filled with that style. So no beautiful space music. (It clearly gives you the option to put your own sound tracks on opening the game)Even conversing with the differnt people at stations they have this western voice style and attitude. It's not my personal taste but to my surpise it is a very minor detail if I turn off the game music. Still these are all very minor cons for a 20$ game that WILL give you many many hours of game play easily paying for itself in gameplay time.If you do the same thing over and over while it may start to feel like a grind to get a more powerful ship and upgradeing it. I recommend doing a little of everything so stays fresh for many hours.This game does feel like a AAA game but at a 20$ price which is very worth it. Hell if you can get it on discount even more so.TLDR: If you like Freelancer and space games this is a gem. Cheap in cost, runs very very well graphics are very good. Lots of fun to be had for a cheap cost $ ."
,Not Recommended,290300,23515881,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Munchmasta,"So much potential! The game made a good first impression, and has quickly gone downhill from there. It seems really padded, with tons of watching your ship warp and a lot of repetition in not only the missions but how the battles play out. It just gets... boring. There's all this seemingly cool economy stuff going on, and NPC ships going places - but they all lack personality and I just can't be bothered.It also lacks gravity - in a tough fight? Just run, warp out, dock at a station repair and reload, and the enemy will just wait there for you to come back and finish it off. I have never seen an enemy ship run once I start wooping them (and therefore I never feel any urgency to chase it). I've also never failed a mission so far - they don't seem to expire, they don't move, they don't get effected if you go dock or go do a bunch of other missions.I WAS super excited to finally try this game. SO MUCH potential. BUT it looks like the devs put all their time into making it look good and forgot to make it IMMERSIVE and FUN. I just don't have any reason to open it up again.HERE'S WHAT WOULD MAKE IT AWESOME -- NPCs that reward you with more than just credits... how about loyalty? How about some good cargo? How about doing a han solo and swooping in to help if I'm in a pinch and they're nearby?- Feel like your actions ACTUALLY MAKE A DIFFERENCE. How about after you blow up 200 cartel ships, I dunno, the Cartel gets weaker? Or puts a price on your head? OR SOMETHING??- Ability to attempt to take over ships would be cool- Ability to build your own small fleet, dominate or take over stations, actually look forward to more than a bigger ship after a crazy amount of grinding- A lot less padding would go a long way to make this fun!!"
76561198024198049,Recommended,290300,23379316,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Nicholas,"Neutral review but steam doesn't allow that option.Pros:- Optimized well, runs at a constant 60fps+ no matter how many ships and effects are on the screen.- Has nice sound effects and music.- Looks good visually.- Fun basic space game with killing and trading.- Ships are varied well and don't look the same as others.Cons:- Lack of ship customization, can't choose turret placement or even colour palette/pattern.- No option to auto repair/refill at stations have to do it manually.- No real tactics other then spin in circles while your turrets shoot and you fire broadsides.- No post-launch updates other then a few bug fixes, no DLC/Expansion to expand on gameplay.- Few mission types, gets repetitive essentially just shoot bad guys, protect good guys, move some cargo around.- Trading is random, consists of buy it when it's low and hope it eventually goes up which can take forever, so need to stop at every single station to try to sell.- Story is shallow, missions are the same as the ones you pick up from stations.- Can't go to the last sector again once you leave it, no warning about it."
76561198052982921,Recommended,290300,34005845,Posted: 3 August,all,Daikataro,"Welp, a game that got me busy for so long, deserves a long review in turn, so here goes:As far as visuals go, the game does quite well for itself, specially considering it's not a AAA game. Developers managed to convey the emptiness of space, without making it a dull place with nothing to see. Plenty of asteroid belts, abandoned loot and friend and foe alike to encounter, ships look swell and enemies are threatening.Gameplay wise, if you like what you do in the first hour, then by all means keep going, if not, refund, because game will be basically more of the same. Main story line, and like 85% side quests fit the ""kill X"" or ""fetch"" style of quest, with a few escort missions in between. Not saying by any means they weren't entertaining, they were, but more variety would've been very welcome.As far as storyline goes, it is both sensate and a safe bet, without being too ambitious. A gadget lost to ages found and recovered, and a struggle with those who seek to possess it; entertaining enough to get you thru the game, yet without any ramifications or input in the matter, a classical storytelling.Factions and the such, honestly, near useless. If you♥♥♥♥♥♥someone off they're going to attack you on sight, and if you're pals with someone, they won't... that's it really. At least for me, it seemed pointless to befriend the militia anywhere past neutral so I wouldn't have to fight them as well, they don't help you, unlock adittional missions or anything. Guilds do give out certain benefits like extra ships and gizmos, but other than that, it's pretty pointless to try and be pals with anyone.As for trade, despite developers claiming otherwise, it is currently, almost entirely unused potential. It is absolutely POINTLESS to invest in a hidden caché for contraband, as the prices for such items fluctuate the low to mid ranges, and you can make the same or more credits with legal items. I never once felt inclined to buy contraband items, because the risk was not worth the money, when it could have been used as such a pivotal point of the game: risk dealing on illegal goods, for a hefty return on your investment. Even on legal stuff, devs promise it goes beyond ""buy cheap and sell expensive"" but in practice, it's exactly that. Events are pretty unimportant, and sometimes a station offering a good ""on surplus"" will sell more expensive than a normal, no event station.As for alternative gameplay styles, some people claim to be doing pretty good for themselves as miners or traders; I honestly did not make 1/100 of what I did as a mercenary, via mining or trading, at least when factoring the time invested. In the time it took me to farm enough meteoric diamonds to make half a million, I could have hopped across the system and complete 3 relief missions for thrice that amount.And finally, replayability, this is where the game loses a lot of shine. You can keep playing past the final mission, but have little incentive to do so. There is no New Game+ mode, no unlocked specials and honestly, once you buy a Dreadnaught class ship, you can literally dive head first into a cluster of enemies, and let the auto-turrets do the picking, all challenge is removed. It would be nice to face new threats that actually carried a risk, not just a ""pew pew die"" gameplay style.So, is the game worth it? Absolutely, even at full price. Would I recommend it? No doubt, but like I said, make sure you enjoy the mechanics and if you don't, refund, it doesn't get any different for the rest of the game. Does it need work? Very much, both for alternative gamestyles and replayability. Would I purchase DLC? Bring it on!"
76561198002866112,Not Recommended,290300,25355845,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Lord Hardon Collider,"The combat mechanics are fun and the graphics and interface are well polished but sadly, this game is lacking any depth.The main story is particularly short and uninspiring, which would be forgivable if there was enough diversity in the sandbox universe to give you something to do but there just isn't.You grind generic missions (take cargo from point A to point B), to save up cash for generic upgrades (laser canon mk1 to laser canon mk2), the systems all look the same, they're all populated with the same few NPC models and the ship selection is limited and dull. All in all it's a bland experience with zero replayability."
,Recommended,290300,29860292,Posted: 11 February,all,Blood shed,"If someone was to make a Firefly game,(someone please make it) this is where they should start.space cowboys, here is a game for you"
76561198032441911,Recommended,290300,26065167,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,alimarion,"great game!- easy to master controls- focuses on things you like to do in-game- you can stop and continue whenever you want- good design (at least I like it ;)- great soundtrack- even if missions from the mission board somtimes repeat, trading and mining gets dull after a while, the main mission-line pushes you continusously through the solar systems where you discover new thingsfirst time playing, 28h on clock, still a lot of fun! :)"
76561198221687092,Recommended,290300,22347716,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Winterspark,Best space game since Freelancer.
76561197970714078,Not Recommended,290300,18642986,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Kobo,"I came in to this game with the idea that ""If you liked freelancer, you'll like this"".  I liked Freelancer, I didn't like Rebel Galaxy.I felt like the camera was always way zoomed in and at a weird angle, and during combat it's pretty much always facing at a right angle to the direction you're moving (because of broadside combat) so I run in to asteroids a lot.  My second time out in a combat zone I ran into an asteroid that had something else next to it, and my ship got stuck such that it couldn't turn, and you can't go backwards, so I had to reload to get my ship free.It feels like you're flying through something far more viscous than water.  I can forgive constant thrust = constant velocity in space games if they at least let you cruise along for a while without slowing down super fast when you disable thrusters.  This game feels like a naval combat engine with space combat art resources.  I think the ship in assassin's creed black flag has less resistance from the water than your spaceship does in the vacuum of space in this game.I also didn't like the weapons.  They auto aim at stuff, and you do broadside combat where you don't really have to lead or even aim close, your weapons all just kind of pick stuff and shoot at it.  The combat is very non engaging and easy, and if it were hard I'm not sure it would be anything but frustrating since there doesn't seem to be any strategy or skill involved.The UI and the controls on keyboard and mouse are also not too great.  It seems like it might feel better on a console, but that's not much of a ""consolation"" on PC."
,Recommended,290300,18632183,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Emiraven,"Highly recommended for space pilots, space pirates, and especially, space pilot pirates.tl;dr:  Firefly with capital ships by a well-credentialed indie developer (i.e, Torchlight).   Elite Dangerous in an arcade, but still mature, setting.Pros:+ Great polish in graphics.   Crunchy, but colorful.   Just the right amount of JJ lensflare.+ Excellent, excellent, excellent sound design.   Audio feedback is excellent.   Soundtrack fits perfectly.+ Varied ship customization.   Even the starter ship can be outfitted for very, very different roles.+ Thank you for on-screen button reminders!   For a casual, ""old fart"" gamer... that's huge!   (It's not memory loss... not yet... it's only playing 20 minutes a night)+ Broadside combat maneuvering is great!   Many ""Age of Sail"" ship games don't do broadside maneuvering as well as Rebel Galaxy does it.Cons:+ Minor Nit:  Some odd UX choices.   Radial menu has most of what you need, scan button has others, and yet the start menu has even others.+ No multiplayer.  Wow, would this be fun in a team!  I get that it would be out of scope for this sorte, ala Torchlight 1.+ Another minor nit:  Who are the factions?  Are they important?  Not sure.  A few brief pop-ups when you gain/lose standing might help.For <$20, I highly recommended buy for spaceship fans and browncoats alike.    A nice hybrid of space sim and space shooter."
76561198006717723,Recommended,290300,18632774,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Emerald Rogue,Someone got Black Flag in my Freelancer and set it to COWBOY METAL!
,Recommended,290300,25897475,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,LIKEUCARE,"REBEL GALAXYDamn! This is such a nice discovery that I made with this little gem of a game. I had bought it, uh, long ago but finally managed to find the time and see what the hell is up with Rebel Galaxy. Oh boy, why have I waited so long? Close to 47 Hours in playtime, I think this is the longest I've played an Indie game!So what is Rebel Galaxy?If you're familiar with FREELANCER, STAR LANCER, FREESPACE, then you will feel right at home in Rebel Galaxy! The main difference is in RG, you pilot a ""BIG"" Capital ship... well, not the starter Corvette ship but there are many ships to choose from as you progress further till the untouchable ENORMOUS Dreadnought BLACKGATE! Took me forever to get it but once I did, game is just too easy...  Anyhoo... let's see the pros and cons!PROS:+SOUNDTRACK! That Dark Country musical genre is so damn good from the composers known as Blue Saraceno, The Dirty Diary and others!+Simple yet really fun and addicting gameplay.+Controlling a HUGE ship is quite satisfying! You ain't a tiny fighter here but a Capital Ship!+The progress system is taxing but rewarding each time you buy a new ship!+Freedom of progress. Want to farm/grind some more credits to have better gear/ship, do so!+Randomly generated ""universe"" so the solar systems aren't the same in each playthrough. Doesn't really matter I'd say as trading is rather pointless in RG!+21:9 UltraWide Monitor support! Visuals are pretty simple which makes RG not a demanding game!+CHEAP! For a 20$ game, I got more than my money's worth out of RG!CONS:-Average story. Hopefully Double Damage Games can improve upon that in a sequel!-Highly repetitive: Lots... LOTS of grinding. You are warned! To make it easier, focus on the ""DEAD DROPS"" side missions, they don't take long to complete and you can repeat them at will.-Ally/Enemy factions doesn't have any territories. You see them everywhere in all Solar Systems... would love a fixed territory setting like in Freelancer!-Would love more variety of missions, mostly all ""dead drops, escorting, go kill Mr X"".OVERALL:For the first game developed by Double Damage Games, I'd say they started amazingly! Sure there's some irks and quirks to work around so hopefully on an RG2, things would be polished and more meat be added too!RECOMMENDATION:Love space games? You'll love this! I just want to warn you that if grinding in a game annoys the sh!t out of you, play RG in quick daily sessions, that way you won't feel it too badly! At first, I felt the annoying grind but as you progress and get a better ship, the grind is less significant as the rewards are much bigger... so is the drops from killed enemies!I truly recommend this game especially at this low price of 20$, you'll get your money's worth!"
76561198002560072,Recommended,290300,18738516,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,LMB | Annisman,"Wow what an awesome space game ! Tons and TONS of content for 20$. My fav part of this game is that there are a number of space games out there that are just a bit too complex for me to care learning, this is right in the middle, a small learning curve but simple enough once you get ahold of the main components. And of course, it reminds us all about Firefly. RIP firefly."
76561198024330647,Recommended,290300,29822637,Posted: 10 February,all,alby,"I would buy it again and Rebel Galaxy 2 if it would be there.This kind of game was there once or trice with only a few pixels trading and fighting. Now it's here fully 2.95D with beautiful visual effects. Easy and fun to play (with a controller) after investing a tiny bit of time.This game is not 100% for the hardcore space gamer that's needs to have everything perfect (and boringly slow). For example space is just not as empty as it would be irl,.. but I like that.  It misses i tiny bit of immersion (like a few more different faces or discussion options or some side stories or a bit more rare cool stuff or safe stuff for your retirement). But it is finished and as good as bug free (which is rare).On the other hand there is not as much time consuming todo list management. you can actually ""play"" a lot in less time.There is a lot of action per hour combined with the enjoyment of cruising through well ambianced space... not too long... just enough to enjoy the quiet lovely star rays, while in a warp bubble, or meteor belts before an adrenaline rush when going after some fleet of pirates or when they come after you ;-). Not being bothered with loosing track of everything in fully 3D (for die hards).I simply enjoy playing this for fun. Well balanced between trade, fight, travel, progression. Good interface. Good controls. Still room for a better version or dlc ;-)I vote for version 2"
,Recommended,290300,18590532,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,[3305]  Longscope,"""You can't take the sky from me""I've only just begun, but I can say that the combat is very fun, the game plays like a 2D version of FREELANCER or PRIVATEER. Graphically, it's got a lot in common with Freelancer, the color-pallet is even similar.It has a 2D combat that's easy to get into with a heavy influence of naval broadside combat.The game has a wonderful FIREFLY flavor to it. It's got a rockin almost honkeytonk soundtrack that never feels out of place.The universe is DIRTY, it's ORNERY, and it really doesn't like you.The only thing I can think of that would add to the game, is a crew aspect. If you had to find and hire good gunners, or missile loaders, or navigator, I think it would have added a bit of depth. It's not poorer for not having those things, but perhaps a sequel later on can explore that aspect.This is very satisfying game in this genre, and should keep the appetite sated until the Persistent Universe forStar Citizen(also by the guy who did Freelancer, Privateer, and Wing Commander) comes out. Which will have a similar trading system, but a 3d environment.I'm having a ton of fun with Rebel Galaxy, and I can't wait to play some more."
,Recommended,290300,22740199,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,El Oshcuro,"The space cowboy space sim I've been waiting for for years and didn't even know it. Simple enough to jump in and out, deep enough to satisfy all your RPG needs. Killer soundtrack."
,Recommended,290300,25066781,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Kaiserzose,"If you're on the fence about whether to buy this game or not, go for it!  Replacing and upgrading your ship with different weapon systems and components is extremely satisfying!  You can change your tactics depending on your preferred style of play, your weapons, and a slew of other interchangeable options that allow you to specialize your ship.  I honestly don't want to give too much away.  The combat is so much fun and it's running at 3840 res well over 100 fps.  The graphical rewards are awesome!  Buy it!"
76561197982820187,Recommended,290300,18704084,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,michaelmerlin,"Huge ships slugging it out in a colorful universe. Roleplaying-like with money as your XP and everything you do building up some more cash to spend on even more guns, a larger ship and better shields."
76561198023855291,Recommended,290300,18686213,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Retaliator,"Nice game (for the money)Some people don't like the grinding it takes to buy all the maximum weapons,defense and equipment but i didn't care about that.It plays nicely and is very easy to learn (I've used an PS4 controller, which is 100% compatible. Even the button layout on screen can be adjusted to the PS4 layout).I've completed the story and reached full strength within 40 hours and I wasn't even trying. Once the main quest is over, the game is a little disappointing and you wanna start over (otherwise the game will become a large sandbox and extremely boring).I would recommend this game if you're a fan of this genre. If the game would be under €10,- it would be a steal."
76561198009624351,Recommended,290300,32150357,Posted: 3 June,all,stewart-ty,"Never in my life have i had so much fun with space combat. This is what EVE online should've been, and if they gave this a multiplayer expansion they'd have a HIT on their hands! 10/10 If you like space combat with large ships, while having some story content to break up the monotony of missions."
76561198055604967,Recommended,290300,26226553,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,sean,"What can I say about this game, it is awesome! This is by far one of my favorite games. The capital ships battles nearlly all being epic and the styles of ships are varied and appealing. The open space travel is very enjoyable aswell as you stare into the void of space. This game also runs very smoothly even on ultra."
,Recommended,290300,25006830,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,MongooseNX,"Very fun for a while, then I found myself thinking ""Maybe they'll add more ships/missions/objectives/enemy ai""The game was fun, the soundtrack alone is a instant classic, but turned into a grind too quickly for me."
,Recommended,290300,19064589,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,b4a.jgrahl,"This game is fun, but don't expect it to be a game you will play for 100+ hours.  It'll last the hardcore main story mission runners about 15-20 hours.  The main storyline seems short.  Most side missions are faction based, but pay well for the time involvement.  Side missions have some variety and are easy to find the location of and execute.  If you like doing side missions and answering every distress call, you can expect 50+ hours of gameplay.There is a variety of ships each with their own specific stats, but you are more defined by your ship's equipment.  Multiple options for defenses, weapons, and components.  Once you get the largest ship with almost all of the best weapons, the enemies don't really pose a threat and the large dreadnoughts can be melted in under 10 seconds.  Looting is easy and your cargo capacity is upgradable, to a limit.Controls are easy to use and doesn't require you to learn and use 100 different keys.The soundtrack is great and is a mix of Rock, country, and blues.  It includes music primarily from guitarist Blues Saraceno (Poison, albeit briefly) and others.Achievements are easily attainable.  I finished them in 60 hours(all but one at 56), but I probably could have done it much faster if I wasn't meandering.Graphics are good and have plenty of good effects.  You have many options you can turn off.Minimum HW requirements are low, so it'll be playable on most people's gaming computers.There are some things that could be improved if you analyze every aspect of the game.  This is not a sim, expect it to be somewhat arcade like.  The game appears to be aimed at combat and having a good time.  Don't get hung up on the trade system because it needs an overhaul.Overall, it is a well polished game with good graphics and a good soundtrack.  Buy it for $19.99 and enjoy it."
,Recommended,290300,31071632,Posted: 10 April,all,WaferQuakey,"I have to say, I love the style and presentation of this game, and the gameplay is superb. There is a balance in every type of play style and it feels fantastic to lay waste to your enemies in whatever fashion you choose, be it ramming into the hull of enemy ships, overwhelming them with a superior arsenal, or quick strikes that topple your alien foes with mosquito bites. The base soundtrack is limited but manageable with the option to extend the playlists with your own tracks. If you want to blow up♥♥♥♥♥♥while listening to Drake, you can do it! My biggest gripe with this game however... Is the repition. You will be destroying bandits, evil alien factions, the lawmen and women of the galaxy... but thats all the game has to offer. Even into my 20th hour of gameplay I was in love with the combat system, but as the dust settled and the story came to mind, I couldn't find it in me to play past a certain point. I love this game and I believe with a little love and attention for the story or making the economic elements more accessible it could be great."
76561198007467311,Recommended,290300,31350668,Posted: 24 April,all,Nhinsanity,"Not sure what it was about this game, but it was sweet and simple. The combat style was unique and the economics of the game were very forgiving."
76561197992120406,Recommended,290300,24247561,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Genaris,Fantastic game. Didn't think i was gonna like it as much as I did. The combat was fun even in the cases where it was mindlessly easy. The sound is great. It's best appreciated with good speakers as the explosions are satisfyingly boomy. The music is generally something i don't like but it was really well done in this game. Graphics are really good and with very nice ship designs.
76561198154762256,Recommended,290300,24597469,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,nathanweese,"Great game, incredible music, super easy controls, the ships look like something out of Cowboy Bebop (kinda) mixed with Star Wars frieghters (more so).Looks great and plays great on my mid range pc, no frame rate problems or bugs for me.I think I paid $20 for it, but I'd be happy still if I paid 40+I love how the ships scale up as you go, the universal turret mounts get smaller as your ship gets bigger, and big ships handdle as they should.The story is crap but who cares! you get to fly though space and wreck havoc. make your own story.The 2d plane you fly and fight on just works, attacks just like a naval battle, and is really easy to track enemies.Heres hoping we get a second Rebel Galaxy, cheers!"
76561197983740996,Recommended,290300,31610273,Posted: 7 May,all,Chane,"Six days ago you received a cryptic message form your aunt Juno, the family black sheep, who you haven't seen or heard from in over ten years. The message provided access codes to the Rasputin, a small, outdated space craft and the demand to meet her at a remote space station with a questionable reputation.This is the beginning of your adventure, that takes you through 14 different systems, each huge and filled with quests. In this open world you can either follow the main story or venture off to become a pirate, a mercenary, a trader or a rouge that only follows his own rules.Accept missions to make money and upgrade your weapons, equipment and ships. Smuggle illegal wares or break through sieges. Mine asteroid fields or transport valuable goods while being chased by aliens and pirates. Visit various different space stations and hire mercenaries to fight along your side.Rebel Galaxy is an action game that's best played with a controller. It's a Freelancer clone that pulls it's addiction from the urge to permanently improve your ship and equipment to stand against your various enemies.Space feels very alive in this game and the different groups form a plausible social society. The biggest achievement of the developers is the balancing of the space fights. The combination of broadsides, turrets, shields, deflectors and hull types gives this game a fantastic balance. Either if you have a tiny weak ship, like at the start of the game, or a huge dreadnought, you always have a chance to survive and pull out of a fight and at the same time can never be sure you won't be defeated. Only after about 35 hours into the game and about 50 million credits richer, will you reach a point, where you feel overpowered. Given the fact that enemies don't adapt to your strength, this is a huge achievement.Pros:- good story- good music- great space battles- fights are very well balanced- different alien races- highly addictive- very good controls (with controller)- many different weapon types- different defence systems- many different ships- different ship types from different groups- alien weapons- easy docking process- traders, mercenaries, pirates, militia, religious fanatics, aliensCons:- very repetitive (but in an addictive way)- some achievements are bugged- too many meteoroid and scrap fields- warp travel is far too often interrupted by stellar mass- mining is boring"
,Recommended,290300,22526020,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,tripthedarkness,"This type of game isn't usually my cup of tea. I'm more into story-rich, very involved RPGs like Mass Effect or Dragon Age. I got this game on a whim, however, and I have no regrets.This is an awesome game. It's not too complicated, but it's not overly simplistic, either. The combat is loads of fun. I loved making my ship better and better and exploring more of the map as I did so. It can get a bit repetitive, but, overall, it's a fun time."
76561198035400192,Recommended,290300,28502546,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,gallagherrealmsforth,"I am enjoying this game immensely.  The capitol ship combat is a lot of fun and a nice change from the fighter craft games that I am mostly familiar with.  The broadside combat combined with AI turrets makes for an easy to learn and very fun experience.The only thing I am not sure about is the lack of three dimensional flying, but that only seems to make things easier.  I find that when I play I don't mind not having vertical maneuverability, so it doesn't seem to be that big a thing."
,Recommended,290300,18646461,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Gamboh,"This is a review discussing specific points about the game as a comparison for veterans of the genre.An excellent free roaming space game. Very much a Freelancer for the new generation, featuring Capital class vessels!THIS GAME IS JUST FINE WITH A KEYBOARD AND MOUSE, DONT LET OTHER REVIEWERS TURN YOU OFF OF IT BECAUSE YOU DONT HAVE A GAMEPAD!So, in Rebel Galaxy,the value of ALL of the parts you buy for your ship is fully refundable.Including ship chassis. You're free to experiment with new types of loadout at will. No charge for resale at all.There's a stat in the pause menu that shows yourNet Worth, including your ship and all of the parts you have on it, what's in your cargo hold, etc. It's a great way to do a single-player space exploration game.People complain a LOT about warping taking too long, but I don't find it a problem at all. You can get upgrades to your warp drive that increase the speed dramatically. As for hitting asteroid belts during a warp, you can and SHOULD watch for oncoming nebulae and asteroid fields. You can literally see them coming from a million miles away, and just steer out of the way. Snake around space for a better paralax view, so you can tell whether you're coming up on something big.Combat is on a 2d plane for capital class vessels, and a 3d plane for fighters and bombers.So, your turrets can hit stuff above and below you depending on their placement, and your side-guns are primarily for hitting the bigger stuff.There is a surprisingly large number of ships in the game, I'd put my currently seen number at about 20. Each faction has their own set of ships on offer. I particularly like the trade faction's GIGANTIC verticall wall of shipping containers, bristling with turrets and cannons.When considering your loadout, you spend a lot of time trying to strike a good balance between equipping anti-fighter, anti-cap, anti-shield, or anti-armor. Each turret and cannon has it's own set of attributes, and the jack-of-all-trades stuff is lacking a little in the numbers department. Over all, weapons feel good and balanced between types, with a slight leaning toward Mining Lasers at the start. I found them good for the first system, and switched out to specialized guns later.The cowboy music aesthetic is nice, very firefly. I ended up turning it off after a few hours of hearing the same four or five tracks, and loaded up a playlist with all the Star Wars music from the original trilogy. Definitely a good choice.Bountiesare very easy to get in to. You can find them at random when flying about by using your PULSE scanner, and waiting for the ""Bounty Detected!"" notice, then flying to the nearest enemy group. You can get map icons and waypoints to them by paying a small fee to bartenders at any station.While flying about, you'll come across lots of other stuff too.Message terminalsthat you can hack with a simple timed button-puzzle put waypoints on your map marking weapons caches and asteroid belts uncommonly rich in minerals. You can finddistress beacons, traders or military who are fighting a losing battle and pay you VERY well to save them! You can also find""Pirate Lords""floating around out there. They are elusive and unusually powerful enemies with huge bounties on them.Missionsare the same old cookie cutter, go here, kill stuff, gather items, come back. But! You can take three at a time, and bang them out really quick. Every station has missions, you can see the relative difficulty of each one as a color-coded mission title, green being easy, red being hard. It's actually quite accurate so far, hard missions definitely require some interesting strategies.The missions pay out as SOON as you complete the objective,so if it's just a kill order, you don't need to return for the reward. Super handy!Some of the later trade-faction missions are super lucrative, but require you to actually go find minerals on your own time. I got a mission to gather Pure Water that took me an hour or so due to NONE of the local stations having any, but that could be why I got the mission in the first place! I ended up mining out a few ice asteroids for the loot, and the reward was over $300,000.Tradeitself in the game is very simple. Go to station, find merchandise that is selling low, travel around until you find a place to sell high. Each station you visit will book the sale price of each item FOR YOU, and then map them on a really clever line graph showing maximum price, minimum price, and the average price. This means you can do everything at a glance, and don't need to worry about note keeping on paper.Cargo upgrades are pretty cheap, so most any ship can do some hauling. Obviously, gigantic hauling ships do have a lot more to offer that way though.Some ships concentrate much more heavily on rotating turrets, too.So if you don't like the whole ""Broadside"" dynamic, you really don't have to do it at all.I had a little cruiser with 7 turret slots and only 3 side guns, it was just perfect! The downside to a turret-ship is primarily cost. Turrets cost as much as the entire battery of your broadside guns. They lack a little in pure DPS as well, but you can easily make up for it with proper tactical positioning. Broadsiding is hard to line up against faster enemies, and makes you extremely vulerable to flanking by other enemy ships. It does have a pretty devestating hit if you nail another ship with the whole volley, though!You can blast fighters to smithereens with a well-placed cannon volley, too. That's a little tough, but super satisfying.Over all, I rate this game very highly. Each of it's features feel polished to a mirror sheen. It's very, VERY well thought out, and plays like a dream. I've run the gamut of space-freedom games from EVE to Freelancer to EV-Nova, and I feel like this game is a shining star in the genre!"
,Recommended,290300,18707045,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,[Tech] Knoar,"Think Elite Dangerous, but with naval combat and a good story.The naval-style combat deters a lot of people, but it actually works quite nicely with the single-plane orbit everything has in every solar system.  That means you can't fly up or down, only left or right.  However, smaller fighter planes and asteroids can fly beneath or above you, requiring your ship's turret placements to be more strategic.You can trade, mine, steal, join factions, make factions hate you, help people in distress, escort ships, fight every time, flee every time (depending on ship speed).  You can play as good, neutral, or evil, or jump around and do whatever pays the most.The game allows you to easily put your own music into it.You can resell every ship or item for 100% retail value.  This means you can test out ships, weapons, defenses, etc. without fear of wasting money.  This is a nice way of getting around the fact that you can only own one ship at a time.I think this game is definitely worth the price.  As of writing this I have played 32 hours.  I'm not done with the main story line, and I don't think I will be for a while.  There is too much money to be made, and too many ships and ship upgrades to buy."
,Recommended,290300,33090707,Posted: 1 July,all,Allexio,"A surprisingly solid game with hours of entertainment.+ EXCELLENT economic system: buy stuff from one system to sell it to another -think stock trading, but slightly simpler.- Could use some polish. Often, finding the best spot to sell your loot is a pain when a simple extra piece of interface would've solved this issue.+ Good combat mechanics: think Assassin's creed black flag with a bit more complexity (but still the same action fun)+ Can't really fault it, it's the fun and fast paced black flag combat with some much better ship customisation which drastically changes the way you fight, allowing for more playstyles and ultimately more combat approach opportunities.+ Good practical ship customisation, plenty of ugprades, weapons, components to choose from.- Bad visual ship customisation (literally nothing here)+ Good world interaction and dynamism. (things that happen in the world affect you, the stations around you, etc. and there's always something happening)+ Good soundtrack but...- Very few tracks, becomes bery repetitive with time, however...+ The game lets you swap around your own tracks instead of game tracks for exploration, combat, menu, etc.- unlockables are badly tiered and not paced properly.- So far the story is kinda meh.+ Not that it matters because this is above all a space exploration and fighting game.+ A few factions that do things in the world and interact solidly with each other but...- There are too few, and they lack proper lore and atmosphere. Feels like they pulled out a name out of a name generator and that was it. So far, no faction loyalty quests.- Side Quests are repetitive and boring. Think Skyrim with a slightly bigger range.All in all, this game is easily a 7.5/10, even an 8 if you're into more than just the combat and are willing to spend a little time trading.If you see this game for less than £5 or 10$, buy it, it is definitely worth every penny of that."
76561198020576757,Recommended,290300,19086633,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,canaithlydian,"This is the most surprising fun game I've ever played. It has me so hooked that I took a break from Fallout 4 to go back to it. If you read the description, you're likely to tilt your head and say ""really?"", but I swear, they got the formula right. The fights are frantic and intense, but very fun. I have no idea how much story I have left, but I'm looking forward to seeing what happens, and the many, many battles I will have to fight before I get to the end.One thing I discovered late is hiring mercenaries from a bar. They are helpful, but have personalities that add to the fun of a mission.The music is a great mood setter, the graphics are good, and believe it or not, locking us to two dimensions makes the fighting more fun because it reduces the complexity of navigation and lets you focus on ship position and weapons timing.Fun+++"
76561197980243473,Recommended,290300,18695422,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,wetwork XIII,"What I've been able to play has been fun, and it's certainly engaging...well it would be if it wasn't the buggiest thing I've ever encountered in my life...and I played VTM Bloodlines on release. Currently the crashes make it genuinely unplayable.Recommend to play? Sure, if it works for you.Update- Reinstalled game (repeated local verification showed no errors) , drivers, redistributables and wiped out my saves. Seems to be working now, but I didn't have time to pinpoint the issue/s.Big thanks to Travis, who didn't end up being a part of the solution but has been engaging tirelessly with the community to sort out our crap. Would that all devs were as dedicated...now pop in some chew, set up your spitoon and spacecowboy this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,290300,18633808,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,raixel,"Its a cool lightweight space sim. Its got good graphics, and the alien voices are pretty cool, especially when they say words you recognize in the subtitles. The music isnt your typical space game ambient or electronica, its a kind of bluesy rock that reminds me of Pandora (Borderlands). Its great.The weird thing about this game is it looks 3d, but its actually on a 2d plane (no Y-axis). Think a top down space sim like Escape Velocity, Ring Runner, Trancendence or any of those, where you are moving on a 2d plane. But imagine the game has a similar POV as the X series. Its really weird and disorienting to be in front of a station and not be able to dive under it.Again, let me state that the game is *lightweight*. Not casual, just not as deep as a game like X3. If you love incredibly in-depth games like X3, Eve, or any of those, you will probably find this a bit too shallow.People just breaking into the space sim genre, or those of you who prefer lighter weight or 2d space sims will probably like this one. For what it is, its done very well.That lack of a y-axis  is hard to get over though, especially if you've come from a full 3d space sim."
76561198006876821,Not Recommended,290300,29579091,Posted: 29 January,all,Ravenscar,"It has that one good soundtrack, but god, 10 hours in and its just so repetetive. Kill a few more mercs to get cash to upgrade a ship, which lets me kill more mercs, to better upgrade the ship, to travel to a new sector. Here the mercs are harder, so better kill a few to upgrade...TL:DR. Looks good, sounds good, but grrrriiiiiiiind."
,Recommended,290300,23314095,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,pTg389,"Rudimentary plotline, but it doesn't even matter. If you liked naval battles in the AC series, this could be for you. Randomized side missions (with estimated difficulty ratings, which can be a bit misleading) lets you broadside massive ships, let your turrets pop frigates and time your short-duration shielding to absorb incoming fire; standard mission types (escort, bounty kill, rescue) lets you gain money to upgrade ships to fit your play style."
,Recommended,290300,18983593,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,brandonjclark,One of the most fun games I've played all year!
,Recommended,290300,18607742,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Coldheart Jones,indie game done right!
,Recommended,290300,20478498,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Zhev,I love this friggin game and I am just getting started!
76561198099539914,Recommended,290300,18874605,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,dunnerwetter,"yeah, that is great stuff!!! it gives me back the feeling of the good old privateer. i got an older laptop with nvidia 640m and core i5. the game runs really fast with opengl in 1920x1080 (via hdmi to an extern 24"" monitor) effect and shadow high. music and sound fit perfect to the game. i play it with a xbox 360 controller. for me it is the best game on steam for the last 2 years. it is worth every cent!"
76561198052488966,Not Recommended,290300,23860850,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,The Chosen Unbread,"Interesting concept that gets old really fast. If this had been done better it'd feel a lot more like actually being a space bounty hunter or bandit but after like 6 hours it just turns into doing random missions and running supplies around to get more ship upgrades to do more of the same. The combat never changes the enemies just do more damage, so it just feels like a grind as you do missions to get upgrades to... do more difficult missions... For a world as big as it tries to be, the hubs are extremely generic, the bartenders are almost all the same, and your 'random encounters' all play out idententically with recycled voice overs. The soundtrack gets old af after like the first hour. We get it, the final frontier is an allegory for the western frontier, you don't need to dial that theme to 11. This game had a lot of potential I feel like but ultimately didn't meet it at all, just feels like the project funding got cut as soon as they had something that looked like they could sell. I wouldn't pay more than five or ten dollars. It's fun for an afternoon but aimless after that."
76561198035441883,Recommended,290300,31004397,Posted: 7 April,all,Artard,"I really liked Rebel Galaxy for the trading aspect. Wasn't too fussed about the main missions, but was fun just bombing it from station to station, buying low and selling high. And last but not least, the soundtrack is incredible. I'll be listening to some of those songs on youtube way way after I've put this game down."
76561198094113325,Recommended,290300,18596165,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,grahamjoce,Been waiting for this for a long time. Did the first 2 missions and then spent all night doing my own thing. It has been far too long since a game grabbed me enough to make me play it like that. Fantastic game a wonderful western feel space opera vibe. Lots of openess and enough equipmment to keep you tweeking your ship for a long time to come.
76561197995239792,Recommended,290300,32995102,Posted: 29 June,all,SlingBlade,This is a very simple but fun game. On the surface it is simply an arcade ship simulator on a mixed 2D/3D plane. However there is a deeper portion to the game for those that want to look for it. An interesting yet unobtrusive story serves as the impetus for exploring a galaxy populated by interesting characters from a multitude of species with their own agendas and factions as you find your way amongst the stars.Fans of the game Freelancer will feel right at home in Rebel Galaxy and find many of the same mechanics apply here. You can take on numerous roles to suit your gameplay with an array of different ships and classes of them to suit different playstyles. Everything from nimble corvettes to hulking dreadnoughts and lumbering transports are available to the player who has the cash to procure and outfit them.The only real issue is that there are a lot of minor controls that are poorly explained and require some player exploration to discern exactly how certain mechanics work. Beyond that the game is quite fun and engaging with a simplicity that means it can easily be picked up for a brief stint and set down again without any disruption.
76561197999908506,Recommended,290300,24902512,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,tsandl,"If this was being marketed as some $50 triple-A title, it would be disappointing, but as they say in the ad, it's 20 friggin' dollars (and that's when it's not on sale). Rebel Galaxy is a very simple game, and that is its strength and its weakness. If you're looking for a game with a deep story, complex controls, or a fully realized universe with a vibrant dynamic economy, then this ain't it.  Rebel Galaxy is just a fun way to pass the time. It's a nice looking space game with simple controls and a good cowboy rock soundtrack. Incidentally, if you don't like the soundtrack, or you just want a little more variety there is a way to replace or add to the playlist in the game's launcher. I like that it lets you add different folders for different parts of the game. You want honky-tonk piano in the stations, smooth jazz while exploring and speed metal during combat? You can do that.The game is easy to learn and easy to play so long as you understand that running is often a better option than fighting. A fast ship lets you choose your battles and outrun those nasty pirate ambushes that some players seem to have trouble with. It's also a fun way to play. I especially enjoyed the dead drop missions in which I warped into the middle of an enemy formation, grabbed the loot, and hightailed it out of there before they could say, ""Prepare to die!""Are there better games in this genre? Of course. But sometimes I don't feel like firing up an Egosoft title and micro-managing a fleet of traders. Sometimes I just want to have a little fun. Rebel Galaxy was made for those times."
,Recommended,290300,18701914,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Karzon,"This game is freaking awesome.  Capital ships, Freelancer/Freespace style universe, randomly generated solar systems and missions, and ships that I can keep making bigger and badder.  Turrets and broadsides in space!!  How have I played this so much and still feel like there's more to do?Recommended if you loved Freelancer or Freespace and space-borne capital ships!"
76561198100852405,Recommended,290300,18696592,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,[Lost]Icyfish,"I must say that at almost 50hr's into the game, I love every moment of it.  Honestly, at this point the only thing that I dont particularly care for is the fact that there isn't any kind of co-op/multiplayer mode to it.  The story line was compelling to the point that (aside from getting the distress call or unknown signal source) that i found myself wanting to know what would happen next about midway thru it.The soundtrack is very nice, but as with other games, when i want to listen to something else, i mute the music in game and play my own play list.The Broadside combat i throughly enjoy as i enjoy other games such as Black Flag (console), World of Warships, and back in the day Starfleet Command.  To many space sim games that do give you the whole 3D still even lack the simple ability to do a loop.  So why bother calling it a 3d game? (yes i pointing my finger at you STO and EVE)The missions will get repetive, but honestly, what game doesn't make your grind once you reach that certain point?  And there are enough different ships in the game to let you find the ""one"" that fits your play style.  I would love to see more ships added eventually.  (i want to fly that Proteus (red devil cruiser/dread (has the look of the Galactica to it))).   I would pay a little more for a DLC with the ability to fly the Alien/Pirate faction ships.As one other person mentioned, there is no cookie cutter build to deal with all missions.  The only ship that will come close to that is the End game Dreadnaught, but all that does is make you a Jack of all trades and Master of none.(small spoiler below)(small spoiler below)The only constant you can get is the Broadsides destroying everything in 1-3 volleys unless your doing certain Heroic mission.I hope this game continues to add more to it, but if it don't, i've gotten a great game for less than $20."
,Recommended,290300,29872491,Posted: 12 February,all,torrent,"This game is addictive as thin mints.Trade, trade shady things, hunt pirates, perform missions, make allies, make enemies, be a pirate, explore, mine, and there is a storyline.It almost feels like a fireflyesque universe."
76561198126437443,Not Recommended,290300,24060141,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Dixiedevi1,"The game is a hell of a lot of fun until you realize that you can't manually save it. The game only auto saves when you dock at a space station. Prepair to waste tons of time completing missions, bountys, and getting loot only to lose it all because a group of high lvl dudes randomly pull you out of warp and kill you...quickly.The Devs solution?... quit the game and reload because it saves when you quit. Apparently they don't want you to have so much fun playing their game that you might forget to quit and restart.Until it either auto saves after completing missions or has a manual save, I can't recommend it. It's a shame cause it's a lot of fun. I just won't waste any more of my time losing loot and replaying missions."
,Recommended,290300,18588674,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Kaminai,"Early impression is very good. It's a casual game which is a good thing for me considering how time consuming many space based games are. Rebel Galaxy just lets you jump straight in and start having fun.The attention to detail is one of the most impressive things, most noticably the sound effects and music. Firefly was clearly an inspiration here. Full voice acting is a refreshing change from walls of text in many new space games have used.If I had any complaints it would be that being 2D does feel a little restrictive, but I get why they did it. This could have been something really special if they made it with PC's in mind instead of consoles (but thats just me still hoping for the utimate PC space game to arrive). Dont let that put you off, it's good fun and well worth the price.Something to add - I've noticed people complain about being dropped out of warp due to asteroids and debris. That happened to me the first time I played, but then I realized you can steer around them while in warp. It's very easy to see objects coming up in the distance and it hasn't happened since."
,Recommended,290300,18723151,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,SuperJedi,"Ask yourself one of these questions.Do you love the show Firefly?Do you love the movie Serenity?Do you love the anime Outlaw Star?Do you love the game Freelancer?Then buy this game. A great, ""wild frontier"", space/naval combat game. Similar play to Assassin's Creed Black Flag naval combat. Loads of fun. Fantastic soundtrack. Easy to learn controls.Honestly, I am having trouble finding things to complain about in this game.Jump in. Shoot some pirates. Or be a pirate. Whatever. Have fun in massive capital ship battles."
76561197968891963,Not Recommended,290300,23410593,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Cursed Fox,"This game was made for consoles and it shows through the entire game.  The mouse and keyboard work well enough....  But you can tell in so many places that it could work so much better and do so much better with a PC in mind.You buy and sell gear at the same price.  So you can experiment without punishment.Very very few weapon types to pick from.  Your lucky if you get more 2 choices for the rest of the gear.  It seems to cap at maybe 3 options for everything else (shields, armor, engines....)Felt like alot more variety in terms in ships.Does have decent voice acting.  But the story goes by fast and thats the only part that has it."
,Recommended,290300,18587124,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,LordKosc,"Beautiful looking game, ship combat is top notch, and the missions are good fun.  I also really like the music, space westerns are a rare treat to be really enjoyed. Can't wait to sink more time into this.Giving it a big Thumbs UP!"
,Recommended,290300,23312610,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Shamroll,"If you want to be a space trucker and listen to some sick slide guitar then this is a great game.Even without that, it is still a lot of fun.  I really enjoyed it."
76561198019928788,Recommended,290300,18596418,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,breeze,"Damn, if there were Freelancer 2, it would be this game! Love it"
76561198008313387,Recommended,290300,25809185,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Napoleon,"Whatever you do, DON'T ANSWER DISTRESS SIGNALS!!! Awesome game though, a lot better than No Mans Sky."
,Recommended,290300,34160029,Posted: 10 August,all,Endyo,"Right now, we’re in the heyday of the space sim resurgence, with new indie games popping up all the time and heavily funded titles being fleshed out every day.  Rebel Galaxy was one of the higher profile indie iterations that came out of this movement and it gained that notoriety for having a different sort of take on the way combat between ships would work out.  Yet for all of the special things it does, it also encounters some of the same pitfalls that many other space sims try and sometimes fail to overcome.One of the most interesting parts of Rebel Galaxy is the way that combat works.   Even in the smallest ship you get starting out, all combat works on a 2D plane that has you essentially moving your ship around like a sailboat.  Much like the battling in sailing tall ships of the past, you’ll have to make use of wide turns and adjusting your speed to bring yourself broadside to use your main weapons.   This makes for some very involving mechanics that have you trying to take in to account the status of shields and armor of both your ship and your enemy.  Your ship also has automatically aiming secondary turrets that can be set to track and attack certain targets or just left to default whatever target you’re looking at (which still works reasonably well).  These can also be taken control of directly if you want to aim precisely, though I rarely used this feature.  This combat system is really the meat of the game and what keeps it worth playing when you’ve grown tired of the other generic portions.To dig in to those generic elements, the game has you warping between stations, missions, and various waypoints on its 2D representation of star systems doing all of what you’d normally see in game in this genre.  You’ll be able to pick up missions that have you beating up enemies of different factions, taking out pirates with bounties, buying and trading cargo, mining, protecting, or just simply blowing something up.  You can also freestyle much of this stuff by warping around taking out enemies with bounties, responding to distress beacons you come across, or attacking anyone you see and grabbing their cargo like a regular pirate.  It is very similar to old games like Freelancer.  This can be fun at times, but it’s always more advantageous (and profitable) to take missions that have you doing this stuff for more money.   One thing that makes free roaming appealing though, is that you can warp anywhere and turn while you are under way.  This makes the action feel much more interactive than in other games where you just fire off to a preset waypoint.  You can travel your own path.The story isn’t anything too special, but does have a story put together well enough to make the dialogue and cutscenes worth watching.  Much like any open world RPG, you’re able to ignore it for as long as you want without any consequence.  I’m not sure if the scaling difficulty also scales with the story, but in my progression I don’t recall ever having a story mission that extra easy because I took so much time off upgrading my ship and doing other missions.  Rebel Galaxy also features a solid soundtrack that includes bluesy and southern rock songs that sound fantastic and give the game a Firefly feel.  You can sort of get that the show inspired a bit of the aesthetic both in characters and ships being gritty and Western.  However, this soundtrack has many songs that include lyrics.  That is not inherently a problem in game soundtracks, but when lyrical songs are part of the main rotation of music, especially on longer games like this one, you really start noticing the repetition of the songs.  It got to the point that after about 15 hours or so I could not stand the music distracting me anymore and turned it off for some more instrumental music I enjoy.  Playing though the soundtrack without any repeats outside of the game lets you enjoy it a lot more than in the game.Musical repetition wasn’t the biggest problem Rebel Galaxy had though.  What had me raging was the seemingly random spikes in difficulty in missions.  Even after a bit of research, I’m not entirely sure how the scaling difficulty is determined, but the consensus seems to be that it’s related to the level of your ship equipment.  This means that even a relatively small upgrade of one or two things can mean either a mission becomes a joke or the enemies become so strong you are torn apart in seconds.  The discreet nature of this system made it extremely frustrating, as the stated difficulty of missions (ranging from “Very Easy” to “Very Hard”) may not at all represent how difficult it actually is.  This means sometimes you may just have to neglect a mission (and sometimes a story mission) until you can upgrade your ship to actually finish it – which brings to the surface some other issues like the general repetition of the types of missions you encounter.  Fun gameplay can only hold back the exhaustion of repetition for so long, so when progress is inhibited it starts to chip away at the paint.  Some games can pull of enemy scaling and it works flawlessly, but something went wrong in this implementation.In the 22 hours it took me to complete the game, there were times I thought this was absolutely wonderful and times I never wanted to play it again.  Prior to completing it recently, I actually stopped playing it for several months after reaching a particularly rough point, and I think someone with less patience (can’t be too many of those) would give up as soon as the newness of the mechanics wore off.  However, taking the game as a whole as I always do, I think it’s worth picking up at the heavy discounts it’s now seeing.  Rebel Galaxy is worth trying out for $6 it has reached recently at the very least, so I recommend grabbing it next time it’s on sale if you have any interest in space sims.  It stands a step above its more generic or one dimensional indie counterparts in the genre while still falling short of the more polished titles coming along these days.If you'd like to see more of my reviews, check out my curator page here:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/EndyoGaming#curation"
76561198024902731,Not Recommended,290300,23401885,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,iceman_63,"After reading reviews about this game being successor to the freelancer classic, I bought the game. The first few hours of game was quite disappointing as the 2D flight mode and the lukeworm story can hardly convince me that this game is even comparable to freelancer. After 5 hours, however, the game became a little more interesting as weapons and ships are unlocked and some of the missions are quite interesting. I have to admit the graphics are good, not superb, but comparable to the freelance --- a shame on its own as the freelancer was a game almost two decades old. The combat system was not inspiring but acceptable and admittedly quite fun to play. Just as I thought the game is getting better, it quickly revealed to me that this is no more than a freelancer game in its core repacked with better graphics and a toned down 2D flight mode. The game soon degenerates into a struggling effort to complete repetitive missions to gain enough money to upgrade ships and components that are ridiculously expensive and are so for no other apparent reasons than to compel the player to complete those stupid missions. So far I think it is unrealistic to make enough money to buy any of those higher level weapons and ships with trade alone. The difficulty associated with some of these missions are also questionable as some missions would see you quickly swarmed by a horde of overpowered enemies ships while other missions give ridiculously high reward for the simpler tasks.In conclusions, I believe this is a game suitable, in fact I would use the word ideal, for killing your excessive pastime at a moderate price. However, to comment that this game may even aspire to be of the equal to freelancer is a severe overstatement."
76561198006972472,Recommended,290300,24587482,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,bhutchsn,"Overall this game is amazing. As other reviewers have mentioined this game plays like Freelancer and the Assassins Creed sailing mechanic had a baby.  One issue for me: I did not find the soundtrack to be as wonderful as most do. There are moments where this game genuinely feels like a space western in the vein of Firefly, with moody slide guitar and banjo cues.  At other times, the music drifts into the realm of nickelback clones and pop country (even worse than Whedon's godawful song at the beginning of Firefly).  Personally, I'd ilke to see some of those lound country and blues songs toned down or replaced with a wider variety of background/atmosphere-building music.Other than this particular issue of taste, I wholeheartedly suggest you buy this. Best space sim I've played in recent years.  Combat is very satisfying and upgrades come quicker than you think if you go about your purchases the right way.   A small tip: don't constantly strive for a new ship. Instead work at upgrading your defenses and weapons. Once I figured this out, it was much easier to complete those high-paying missions needed to finance the next vessel."
,Recommended,290300,24424947,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Vulcan,"I'm a fan of the old-school get your mission from some weirdo in the bar of a space station style of space combat sims. My all-time favorite game would have to be Wing Commander: Privateer. This game does a really great job of coming close to that experience.Pros:The soundtrack is fantastic. All the music tracks are well chosen. I only wish they would release the soundtrack as an option to buy.The choices of ships and equipment are not vast, but just right to keep things fun and keep me working to get more cash so I can try different combinations of builds.The environment is really beautiful.The game is fun to play. I would find myself warping to random spots on the map just to see what was there.Meh:The lack of a 3rd axis took some getting used to. If you put it in your brain that it is a sailing ships game with space textures instead of water it will be easier to wrap your mind around it. Once you do that you will stop noticing the inability to fly up.Besides. ""Up is just where you are looking"" -EnderCons:Some of the pirate encounters feel very RNG. I'll be flying along doing great and defending myself to suddenly find myself in overwhelming odds for no reason what-so-ever and go boom.Mining is boring as hell. And this is from someone who enjoys mining in Eve Online.Overall: This game is worth the price of admission.7/10"
76561198051955288,Recommended,290300,32749044,Posted: 24 June,all,Penguinslap,It feels like what other spaceship games should have been minus all the overly complicated controls. It is single player though but feels much better to play. Has a great storyline that flows well with the game play so far.
,Recommended,290300,20604056,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,CS-,"I had been looking for a single player space based game that included missions, mining, exploration and ship to ship combat for a long time before I came across Rebel Galaxy. I picked this game up on sale hoping it would provide me with what I had been looking for and was happily satisfied.You start Rebel Galaxy off in a tiny ship and are quickly thrown into this massive galaxy head first with no real direction and plentiful choices on what to do first, an amazing first impression. After a few hours I found that some of the missions were kind of repetitive so I moved on to a different sector to try a new guild. While the missions did vary there are a lot of fetch quest style side missions that unfortunately did not change as the game progressed.Rebel Galaxy shows you straight from the start these giant dreadnaught class ships worth $15m+ while you are making a measly $10k a mission. This while great, also lead to a desire to acquire better ships and gear as quickly as possible. The problem with this choice is due to the games difficulty system, which  is never explained. Rebel Galaxy seems to use four mechanics to set difficulty; system rating, mission difficulty and the last two are based on what hull class and gear type you are using. The game only considers your highest individual type of gear to set the difficulty which can lead to some annoying situations where you are severely outclassed by the enemy ships .These two points should not dissuade you from this game, however. Almost every other aspect was fantastic. The music, while I found not suited to space exploration, was great and has been well received by the community . The ship types and styles all were unique and looked great while offering a variety of build possibilities and attack styles. The weight and feel of the ships during combat and the combat itself.The battles at the core of the game can be amazingly chaotic, the large varieties of ships / builds with different amounts of each in a fleet can lead to some of the biggest fights you have ever been in. I went into a great number of battles ridiculously outnumbered and when surviving in the final moments after a tense and carefully executed fight,  let out a profanity or cheer due to the satisfaction of these sometimes epic encounters.Overall this game scratched an itch that I've had for years that nothing has come close to. For the price and the amount of time you can get out of this game I couldn't recommend it enough."
76561198159005378,Recommended,290300,18591495,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,JasonJoestar,Gameplay is very similar to AC naval battles but translated into space battles which is pretty sweet! Also the soundtrack fits the setting so well when traveling through space or engaged in combat. No complaints so far.
,Recommended,290300,18703355,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,BallisticBurrito,"AMAZING game for the money.It has all I want in a space game.  Big ships, automated turrets (even though they're better when directly operated), tons of missions and fun characters, etc. etc.  It looks damn good and the sound track fits the game amazingly well.Some complain about the lack of '3d' movement; as in you can only pilot your giant space barge left or right.  This doesn't bother me much especially considering the price point.  For $20 ($18 during the launch sale) you can't go wrong if you want a light hearted arcadey space game."
76561198061960277,Recommended,290300,35197483,Posted: 24 September,all,Alan Woke,"I'll keep it simplePros:-Nice visuals-Open world-Different ships to suit different playstyles-Aussies in space-Broadside naval-like combatCons:-90% of game is grinding slight variations of the same 3 missions to upgrade weapons/armor in order to not get reamed trying advance the story.-Larger ships have massive upgrade and repair costs mid to late game (1/8+ slot turrets costing nearly 2,000,000 credits)-Speed and positioning are huge factors in deciding fights, undermining any incentive to actually buy larger ships.-Even if you opt for long range weapons, the fastest way to take out most ships is to simply fly up close to them and spam LMB as fast as you can(Apparently the AI hasn't read the guides for this game on how to achieve maximum Dps)-Factions feel like they aren't fully fleshed out and ""rewards"" from helping said factions are lackluster at best.-Bounties(Other than lords) are seldom worth pursuing as the monetary rewards are usually a fraction of what a quest would give-Distress signals will often spawn behind you when you are in warp en-route to a mission causing you to have to come to a full stop and 180 and backtrack assuming you want to try to help.Best case scenario it's a trader who will give you a small amount of credits and not an ambush where you will gain ultimately nothing except for time wasted.With larger ships this process takes much longer due to turnspeed.-Escort missions have some of the worst A.I. I have seen in a game of this type.Often times when you pair warp, they'll fly straight into an asteroid field and sometimes if the escort goes on too long, the ship you are supposed to be escorting will just disappear(bug) causing you to fail the mission.-This game has a lack of immersion. You can destroy countless pirate lords and entire fleets and nobody seems to notice.Even as part of the main story quests, Npc's seem to have the attitude of ""Oh you're finally here"" and ""What took you so long?"" even though you are a single ship who just took out 10 dreadnoughts by yourself.Nothing you do feels like it actually has any real impact on the world (Universe?)Despite the flaws, I still had fun and would probably play a sequel."
,Recommended,290300,35025261,Posted: 17 September,all,shandlanos,"Solid title, good gameplay mechanics, quick progression.I'm generally not a fan of space games that restrict you to a single plane, but this game pulls it off. The transition between sublight and warp speeds is seamless, conveying a good sense of size to each solar system. There are some issues with scaling (small/medium craft with advanced weapons survive much better in the same scenarios than larger more expensive craft with the same armament and equipment), and the ""precise"" aiming mode for turrets is complete trash, swinging drunkenly past where you actually try to aim. Even the general ""manual"" aiming mode needs work, as it likes to lock on to whatever it feels like. There needs to be a key to quickly toggle between locking and true manual aiming.The main plot is fun, if short.This is a solid entry in the genre, and if there were a proper developer's kit I feel like it would attract a great mod community to take the game to the next level. It's been out for around two years and there has been no DLC and I've seen no rumor of a sequel, so that's a bit disappointing. As positive as all the reviews are, I hope sales were good and the developer can go on to produce more in the genre. There are too few space games out there, and few with such a shallow learning curve. It's very easy to pick up and play."
76561198041693946,Recommended,290300,18591577,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Owlies,"Super fun!After watching some youtubers with their early copies I decided this one looked promising but I was worried it would be a little repetitive.After 4 hours and progressing a bit I have to say that the combat system and enemy variety is so satisfying that I definitely do not see myself getting bored any time soon.  The controls are tight and the combat is deep so it is extremely rewarding when you approach a ship, lock on, blast it with long range and then switch to broadsides to finish someone off.   Can't beat those beats either, the music really adds to the feel.Great work devs!"
76561198023026107,Recommended,290300,18590432,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Pycco,"great arcade style space sim+voice acting+controls for K/M+enemy combat ai+diffrent ways to make money (mining,bounty hunter,trader,missions)+ship choices+music+customization option for ship weapons- missions to follow ai+looks really good+"
,Recommended,290300,34779754,Posted: 6 September,all,DramaticDelta,"Absolutely great game. Brings the atmosphere of firefly into a game.* great looking* fun mechanics* great scaling, if you're very skilled you can probably take down the biggest enemies with the first ship.* tons of customizability* great voiceacting* many types of missions* content richOne big flaw is that everything is going on, on a plane, so you will not be dogfighting"
76561198051384176,Recommended,290300,20140295,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,♋️LunarCainEX🐶,"A very good space RPG game. A very good one for those who don't have the $$ to spend for Elite:Dangerous, EVE Online or Star Citizen.The map per star system is quite big with many enemies or allies roaming around.There are many types of ships to choose on different Stars but they cost quite a lot.Combat is for me, hard as I have yet to master the shield system.You can trade with merchants and different station and read the news to see where is the cheapest and highest market.You can also mine though you will have to sacrifice some of you ships combat parts.There are plenty of enemies that they mostly travel in groups especially if you bump into a Flagship or a Pirate Lord which basically murdered you.Music is awesome all the way.Graphics is beautiful, stunning effects and pretty display on the combat.You can customize you ship from weapons to armor to system though you can't colour it.You can hire mercenaries though only 1 and they can really help take away some of the enemies focus from you."
76561198006596541,Recommended,290300,18592961,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Nyx,"I bought Rebel Galaxy on a whim, and thus far it has been the best impulse buy I've ever made on Steam.  You control a space cruiser flying around the galaxy trading and fighting.  Make money from trading at space stations buying low, selling high, and use the money to upgrade your ship with new weaons, armor, and equipment.  This will allow you to take on pirates (or become a pirate) and loot your fallen enemies.  Trade, fight, loot, upgrade, repeat until you have enough for a bigger ship and repeat the process.  This is much what I imagine Han Solo and Chewbacca did before running into Luke and Ben in Mos Eisley.  Do you want a Han Solo simulator or a Firefly simulator?  This is pretty much it.  I also enjoy the amount of choices the devs chose to throw at the player.  For almost every mission you have multiple options of how to proceed, be it violently or non-violently.  I have yet to see how many of these choices play out, but Rebel Galaxy has made a very good impression in my first few hours of gameplay."
,Not Recommended,290300,20419199,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Arrav,"So... Rebel Galaxy...Rebel Galaxy is a game with a space setting that locks you in a 2D plane. You can steer right, you can steer left and that's it. No up, no down, in a game with a space setting, one of the only settings in which you expect full freedom of movement and you're stuck in a 2D plane. This just doesn't make sense to me, why would you make a space game but then handle it as if the player was a ship in the ocean.This was such a disappointment.I bought this game after I watched the trailers, had a loock at the screenshots, which do look good, and read some of the user reviews. These reviews described this game as a mix of Freelance and Sid Meier's Pirates, games I absolutely love and I go back to play them regularly.What else can i say about this game?The graphics are okay, the music is... well I am not a fan of country music, so it's not for me, but that's something you need to decide yourself.I can't say much about the quests you get or the universe itself, as I only played about 20 minutes and then shut the game down in disappointment.So in conclusion if you want a very good space game with lots of freedom get Freelancer and if you want a game with naval combat on a 2D plane get Sid Meier's Prates (it's on Steam).I will refund this game and I hope that if you buy it you will have a better time with it than I did."
,Recommended,290300,32212794,Posted: 5 June,all,ParryForte,"Great soundtrack, great gameplay. It's what Elite should have been but failed at: actually being fun. I don't understand why everyone isn't in this game."
,Recommended,290300,28846776,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Wince,"Cool game overallnice story & artwork, classic quests + dynamics event here and there across the galaxy(trading, bounty, delivery, escort, scouting, etc.)struggle a little at start, get set, and have fungameplay is kinda arcade and nervous if you choose and equip wisely your ship(especially recommanding to complete the story line with a frigate like the Sturville definetly a must to me gameplay wise, and trying bigger ship afteward)cool thing once your done with the story line ,while the quests or dynamic events system might be slighty repetitve it doesn't impact the fun of the ""arcade"" gameplay aspect later on for casu epic or not space battles"
,Recommended,290300,28915512,Posted: 1 January,all,myctrlkeyisnotclicky,"I bought this game on 2016 winter sales for about 9 bucks. With that amount of money, and with our alcohol's price, I could have got like couple of beers, may be some spirit, and then proceed to get waste on New Year eve.But no, I bought this piece of work instead.On my first hours, I died 3 times. The first, I did not know that despite showing [Low], the pirate can still make me a slice of cheese with their laser. I guess the system should have warned me at a safe distance, not when I was up close and personal then a red text that said ""red level"" appear. The second time, I flied too close to the sun (planet) and the third was when I have the idea of taking a gunship ""up close and personal"" with a destroyer.I should have bought the beers. My entire holiday have gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥ I haven't take bath for like 2 days straight. The first thing I do in the morning is playing this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ By the time I write this review, I have to wake up in 4 hours to go to work, yet, I play.P/s: I decided to google the developer's name, and surpise, 2 veterans from Blizzard North. These two glorious sob have brought us the big D2, that fact has explained everything. Also, I have purchased a cowboy hat and season 1 of Firefly; I am currently on episode 2, please don't spoil season 2 to me"
76561197976312757,Not Recommended,290300,23441640,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Destyre,"Yet again, the fact that Steam reviews don't have a ""Meh"" button, is really unfortunate.At first, I didn't like the game - death was frequent and random and the camera was terrible. I even got a Steam refund, thinking that the game was horribly ported, but I found myself missing the combat and feel of the game, so I bought it again... on sale mind you.Having a lot more time in the game now, I can give a clearer opinion on the good, the bad and the plain outright moronic.You control a capital ship and you shoot at other capital ships with a combination of turrets and broadside guns. While there are also smaller ships in the way of fighters, gunships and bombers, you can't control them or even deploy them. If you want an idea of how ship combat works and have played SPAZ2, then you pretty much know. I'm not sure who plagiarised who, but someone did. I can't seem to find anyone else who has raised this point, which is strange, as the similarities are uncanny. Anyway, the good points and the bad.First the good stuff. The graphics on the ships are nice - very nice. Everything else? Not so much. I'm not sure why space is so bright in video games, but I don't like it. The planets look pretty bad in particular, but luckily they are just obstacles to go around and the level of interaction with them stops right there. Another good point is the feel of the ships.Another good thing is how the combat feels. At least most of the time anyway. Flying around in a big ship with turrets and lining up broadsides is pretty neat, though I tend to stick with turret heavy ships and let the game do the aiming, as broadsides don't seem particularly useful most of the time with the speed of combat as it is.So the bad stuff. This is tough, as I don't know where to start. Ah wait, I know.""Space"" is kind of a strange word to be using in this game. You are on a 2D plane. There is no up and there is no down. This might as well have been a boat game rather than a spaceship game - it would have made more sense. It's not too much of a bad thing, I guess, as full 360 movement isn't always done well, but then come the obstacles. Flying through asteroid or junk fields is a huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ especially when you graduate to the bigger ships. Squeezing in between spaces can be awkward. Even worse is when you are ""warping"". See, when you aren't in combat, you will, after a time, automatically start going at ""sublight"" speed, in which your ship will go faster than it normally can. Any ship, or rock, or piece of space junk and this faster speed will cut out. Let me tell you: ""space"" is full of crap in this game. I dare you to fly any sort of straight line in this game without running into a junk field, asteroid field, ice field or random pirates who happen to be sitting in your flight path. It's so bad that it feels cramped and clunky. It's really bizarre.Another issue that I find annoying is to do with the fighters. Remember I told you that the game is on a 2D plane, right? Well that doesn't apply to fighters. They have full 3D movement, so targetting them can be really hard, especially with the broadsides. Turrets can handle them but they seem infinately more powerful than capital ships when even in small groups, which I find pointless. Also, you'd better pray that you don't encounter fighters of a higher rank than you because they can outrun and outgun you. When the only thing to do is to cut your ship's engines and wait for your inevitable death as you can't fight and can't run, then you know something is seriously wrong.The largest issue, however, is unibutton. If you've played any game ported from a console, you'll know what I'm talking about. Some games call it a context button while others call it an action button. I call it a lazy porting button: used for control pads with limited buttons and annoys us PC gamers with keyboards. This button is responsible for your warp and will automatically light up when you can warp... it's also your tractor beam, your speed increase button and hailing button. When you are near cargo, have hails going off and simply just want to go to warp, you might aswell just blow your brains out instead of waiting for the inevitable frustration triggered aneurysm. Devs: this is the PC. I have dozens of buttons which I'm not using, is it really so much to ask that I be able to map different actions to them?The game can feel good though it does get repetitive after a time and the issues are just mind bogglingly dumb. A minor issue (in terms of the game not my hearing) is that the menu sound and music is so much louder than the actualy game that I have to keep turning the volume down when I exit.This game is ok if it's on a sale, you will get some gameplay out of it and I do feel that it's better value for money than Space Pirates and Lego 2. Don't expect it to last, though."
76561198255741636,Recommended,290300,29264735,Posted: 14 January,all,bron,"I like it, but...As a fan ofFirefly, I like this game for both the whole living-on-the-edge vibe, and for the slide-guitar soundtrack. It's cool.But as an astronomer and lover ofsciencefiction, I'm disappointed.First, in space a real spaceship does NOT slow down just because you kill the engines. There is this thing in physics called ""momentum"". You know, the whole thing about an object in motion tending to stay in motion unless acted upon by an outside force? In space there are very few outside forces that would cause a spaceship to slow to a stop just because the engines are off. At the bottom of a gravity well, like, say, on the surface of the Earth, a vehicle like a car will slow when you take your foot off the gas because of friction. Silly programmers... If you're gonna make a game set in space, at least pay attention to how things BEHAVE in space.Second, even though the POV can be moved around in 3 dimensions the actual game play is 2-dimensional. You can go right & left (port & starboard), but not up or down. RememberStar Trek II, the Wrath of Khan? How did Kirk beat Kahn? Because Khan was operating in only 2 dimensions, whereas space is 3-dimensional.I mean, c'mon, guys! If you're gonna go to all the trouble of programming a game that is smart enough to have you colliding with ice chunks, asteroids and planetary objects, can't you figure out how to deal with 3 dimensions?The last item is that, like so many other games, once you’ve got the basics down it’s “lather, rinse, repeat.” It would be nice to have more different kinds of missions - medical rescues, something that involves landing on some of the worlds instead of just flying by, I dunno. Something other than just blasting things to smithereens.Ah, well. Given the limitations, I'm gonna have to give this game 3.5 stars on a 1-5 scale."
76561197967483764,Recommended,290300,24596401,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Zuluplumber,"This game is amazing!  It has great gameplay, from zooming around killing dirty ol space pirates, to mining for riches, or delivering cargo to and fro.  The visuals on it are breathtaking, and the amount you can customize your ship is awesome too.  I just made it out of the first sector, and I'm finding new enemies, a new guild to join and do quests for and new parts of the storyline.  The one thing that I find the coolest is the amount and difference in ships.  I started off with the basic little ship, it has like 4 broadside cannons and 2 turret placements.  I saved up enough to buy the next one that had one more turret placement and thought ""holy crap, I am way stronger now"".  Before I jumped sectors I had saved up for a half million dollar ship ""the barracuda"", because it had very fast speed and manuverability, along with 5 turret slots.  I thought I was the boss... and then I saw the ships in the next sector.  This one I just saw costs 17 MILLION and has 13(!) broadside ports and 13(!) turret placements and is HUGE!  Holy crap, time to do some more missions and save up to get one of those beasts.  I have played for 16 hours as of this review, and I can see myself playing for many more hours to come.  So worth the money!"
,Recommended,290300,29903280,Posted: 13 February,all,Hiro Protagonist,"This game is definitely worth it on sale. The gameplay is repetitive but fun. I recommend playing as a pirate for maximum fun. There is just something so satisfying about flying up to a trader asking for help because he is bring attacked by pirates and joining in on the kill. The life of an outlaw is fun, running from or destroying the militia as they chase you around each system.The music is great. I created a playlist of the songs and have listed to it hundreds of times. The space western theme is well flushed out. Mining and trade are boring. It's much more fun to just take from others. The missions are repetitive but are fun if you like blowing stuff up. There are a decent number of ships and some are faction specific.I enjoy the 2D combat. I fully admit that I find 3D space combat to be too difficult to enjoy. This game is more like eve online in that sense.I definitely recommend you get this on sale. A few dollars for a solid 30-50 hours of fun is well worth it."
,Recommended,290300,18911067,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Literally The Worst,"Rebel Galaxy from Double Damage Games is the space shooter for the fans of Joss Whedon's Firefly who thought the writing and characters were too complex. While the writing is just passable the gameplay is simple in a good way. The player's ship is stuck on a single horizontal plane and 2/3 of the weapons either auto-fire or auto-target but instead of oversimplifying the game it focuses the experience on maneuvering. For more information, check out theVIDEO REVIEW:https://youtu.be/gxOyD8NjAR4"
,Recommended,290300,21397632,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Absolut,"Great space action RPG. As a low priced space game I didn't expect much, but have found this game fun and satisfying.The world is full with a great variety of things to do. Everywhere you go are distress beacons, asteroid fields, ships to fight. Even while on a mission you constantly run into things to distract and entertain you. There are a huge variety of quests to suit any play style.The combat is interesting and challenging. The world is 2d and the ships feature big broadside guns, naval combat style.There are a variety of upgrades that will change the way you play. Broadsides cannons, turrets, missiles, different shield and engine styles.If I have a single complaint it's the difficulty curve of the main quest. The missions ramp up very steeply and require doing tons of side missions to earn cash for upgrades. While I'm still enjoying myself, it does get a bit grindy."
,Recommended,290300,19294111,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Rob. W.,"Rebel Galaxy....Probably the most fun I've ever had with a space game like this ever. The soundtrack alone attracted me to this wonderful game, only because it's such a perfect match. Though I must say, at the time of writing this, I have roughly 60 hours set in right now into Rebel Galaxy, but it does not match the potential amount of hours I COULD be spending playing this game. With it's randomly generated ""Systems"" or whatnot, it provides a relatively fresh experience with every new playthrough. The only downside with this model, is there is a general process that is the same, and it goes with the advancement in tech vs. the contracts price in every system. Right out of the start cutscene, I could spend maaaybe 2-5 hours building up enough money for a new drive that allows for Solar System Gate use, and start working easy contracts in the furthest system. Run into no conflict, and in the matter of hours attempting at getting high tier gear relatively early on in the story breaks the immersion a little bit. Even if you were to stay true to the story aspect, you can get to a specific point and still go do side quests and contracts for money.There are many directions that you could take with every playthrough, and thats what I'm getting at exactly. No matter how hard or easy you make it for yourself, it's still amazing what one could do in this game.I will have to say, it does break a little bit of realism/immersion at times, when Juno talks  about ""your small ship and how it may be time for an upgrade"", and you already maxed everything out. It just seems weird to me. Little prompts like that. Another thing that concerns me is the difficulty overall, it goes from baby steps to smacks in the face pretty quick, and the overall progression seems a little awkward when moving up in tech. I found that the only way I could survive going up in difficulty for the next system was to earn a ridiculous amount of money, go over there, and buy the highest tech because that would be the only way I could even survive there.The whole concept of Mining or Trading seems a bit awkward to me, because if you want to mine, you have to go at it for a long time to make any real profit. It feels almost useless to me (Mining), unless you find that golden nugget in a desert, the Antimatter Specks, which I have yet to find. The only way you can even make trading profitable is if you attack convoys or traders due to the large amount of items they have that are super profitable OR fighting Pirate lords with high end ship systems, though, they are insanely hard sometimes.PROS:1. The whole badass atmosphere (with music) gives the player confidence and has a really good feeling while flying through space in my awesome ship with big weapons2. Optimization and level of content allow the highest graphics even on lower end machines3. Ship designs seem really well thought out and allow for a multitude of playing stylesNEUTRAL:1. Combat feels tasteful and well done, though lack of ways to end your enemies in your travels feels saddening at times. When I'm flying past, I feel the only way to really do damage is broadsides or lots and lots of turrets. If only there were more ways, it would feel just perfect.CONS:1. Mining is tacky and has a useless feeling. One could be mining for hours, but unless they are mining the right materials that usually scarce in most astroid fields, so it doesn't feel fulfilling2. Solar Systems never really feel unique, a few system is a new system. It may have labels that some places are better for trade or mining, but I haven't really noticed a difference anywhere.3. Factions seem pointless sometimes - because I could be super friends with the militia and citizens, but NOBODY else would like me, and it wouldn't matter because I wouldnt gain anything from them anyways. The only other faction that matters to some degree is the Red Devil Raiders, but they offer mid-game gear from my current understanding. If the other factions had more purpose and personality, I'd be more inclined to try improving relations with them, IF there was a way besides surrendering all of my cargo whenever they see me.Rebel Galaxy is definitely a fun game and I highly suggest you give it a try!---NOTE---The game is not far from its release date, so I expect a lot of changes in the games further history, but for now, this is what I see :)"
76561198014146141,Recommended,290300,18893182,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,°vǿĺčǻņǿqûǻƙë°,"+Worth 20 dollars+Rebel Galaxy 2? Hope so!+Trell+AI+Story+Graphics+Soundtrack+Ability too have custom music over default+Fun factor-/+Around 10 hour main story minus the money grind-Ship designs for player are bland-Dreadnoughts do not make good warp pairs-Missions can be a bit confusing-Grinding for money with missions that repeat-Systems with the same layout and only change is color.-Alien ships look better-Only a couple voice actors (pretty good though)-Can't land on planets only stations-Not enough conversation choices and effects to storySide note for future RG games: Ability to edit ship design and color, Ability to land on planets or take a shuttle down, Ability to add ship decals and are able to  be colored as well"
,Recommended,290300,18876539,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Valley_guy,"Remember Wing Commander Privateer? This is that game taken to the next level.Cool space battles akin to the naval battles of Assassin's Creed Black Flag? CHECKShip Customization, Trading, Missions, and a Main story in place? CHECKArcade style controls that can be played best with a controller? CHECKBad♥♥♥♥♥music while traveling and fighting? CHECKGood Graphics you can crank to maximum on a good PC rig? CHECKBottom Line: This game is what you've been waiting for if you have yearned for a return to Freelancer or Privateer-style games. My social life & marriage has suffered a bit because I can't stop playing. Now that's a good game that keeps you hooked.9.5/10"
,Recommended,290300,21026780,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,J-Fire_Man,"Bought it and immediately tried this game after looking at the nice reviews. Anddddd....... 8 hours gone just like that. And another 7 hours in the second day.....Ok here is my short review about the game after playing it for 2 days:PROS:- Nice graphic- Nice background music- You can change the background music with music you have, you even can change it for specific situation like music in combat or just gliding around. I use battlestar galactica bgm and it's awesome- Awesome broadside combat, blast away enemy ships with lasers, photons, or whatever you have- Lots of customization for your ship- Cool shipsCONS:- For unknown reason, when I enter the main menu sometimes the game crash- You can't customize ship paint, I really hope I can do thisNEUTRAL:- You can't go up and down in this game, pretty weird since the setting is in space. But this make the game easier to play- No mod support now AFAIK. If there is a mod support, this game will be even more awesomeIt's on sale now and I reccomend you to buy this especially if you are a fan of space battles."
,Recommended,290300,18605853,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Krod,"This game is great! You'll be able to find a lot of reviews listing its general qualities, so I'll just talk about my experiences with its combat.Note: This is not a 3D movement dogfight space combat sim,  combat in this game is closer to what you might find in old naval battlesCombat against a mixed enemy fleet is truly a multitasking excercise. You'll be using your boosters to keep yourself alongside larger enemy ships so you can use your broadside cannons, timing your deflector shield uses to block their incoming broadsides/missles, and spamming X button to fire EMP flak at the smaller ships so you can focus on the big target.I find myself having to think about positioning alot, and having to boost away from larger ships or swarms of small craft while i swing my own ship around because the big hole in my leftside hull cant take it anymore, so i reorient and come in from a new angle.So far about 50% of my combat has been outside of mission running. You'll often find distress beacons, get tips from bartenders on bounty locations, or just plain run smack into an enemy fleet while warping somewhere else.Certain missions seem really unbalanced at first, but after refitting to the right weapons or adopting new tactics, suddenly theyre totally manageable."
,Recommended,290300,18596064,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Yuuxen,"This is the most fun I had out of a game in a long time. The music is fantastic and really sets the mood. The combat might be 2D but I feel it doesn't take away from the game at all. The ships and stations have this old look to them that I like but not be for everyone. Combat isn't easy either! I often found myself running into fleets of space pirates and getting rekt, thankfully hiring a mercenary really helps. Saving can be annoying because game only saves when you leave a station so you have to be careful going place to place."
,Recommended,290300,29125185,Posted: 8 January,all,Felerian01 ☆☆☆☆,"It takes a little while to get the hang of the broadside weapons, but besides that, its a fun arcade style space shooter.I played few hours now and really have to mention the musik, it just is rocks!"
,Recommended,290300,20002015,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Torchiest,"I've only gotten a few hours into this game, but I'm already loving it. It appears to have the full range of activities in the Freelancer tradition: exploration, trading, mining, and loads of combat. You have faction relations that can go up or down depending on who you do missions for, and there seem to be space ports all over the place to dock at for missions and equipment. I've only barely scratched the surface of the main story, but it's intriguing so far.Combat seems to be the focal point of the game, and it's really well done. I'm not sure how much more layered it can get, but it's nicely varied so far. You control a capital ship rather than just a fighter, and you seem to have two primary classes of weapons: broadsides and turrets. Broadsides do massive damage, but are slow and can't track fast moving ships. They're great against other capital ships though. Turrets can lock onto targets and tear up small fighters, but they can overheat if you don't give them a break from firing. And the cool thing is, they will automatically fire while you're controlling the broadsides. In addition, you have a thruster boost mechanism that can increase you speed, but which can also be depleted from over use, such that it needs a rest to recharge. On top of that, you can get a deflector add-on which is something like an extra shield that absorbs essentially all incoming damage. When it's up, you can't fire your weapons, and it has limited energy which drains over time or rapidly when it's taking hits.What all this means in practice is that you've got a lot of systems and energy bars to keep track of, which keeps combat really engaging. It was a tiny bit overwhelming or frustrating initially, but I felt like I got the hang of the essentials within maybe half an hour. At that point, combat was a blast.I can't say much about the main story, since I've only gotten a couple missions into it, but it seems to revolve around some form of advanced technology and finding a lost relative. Interesting enough that I want to see where it goes. The world feels large and full of activity. Visually, the game is gorgeous, with great effects for all the weaponry, and the music is awesome, a dustry, countrified rock soundtrack that really adds a lot of character to the experience. I love me some electronic music, but this is a nice change of pace that gives the game a distinct personality.In summary, if you ever played the old Wing Commander games, or Freelancer, or anything similar, you will love this game. It even more closely resembles another game call Nexus: The Jupiter Incident that came out about a decade ago, which had an equally interesting story. I'd say the primary difference with that game is that combat is much more refined and well done here. If you're like me and aren't sure, but crave space adventures, get this game."
,Recommended,290300,26103353,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Ehrgeiz,"One of the best space games I played in the last few years, e. g. I played the X series, Starpoint and Elite Dangerous. It has quite a good story (in comparison to other games) and there are a lot of ships which you can buy and upgrade. This game has a lot of potential, hopefully the developers will make another one - with a much bigger universe."
76561197986826956,Recommended,290300,18703479,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,zaeroid,"This is absolutely fantastic. Imagine ship combat from Assassin's Creed, Freelancer style systems, nice aesthetics an amazing sountrack and lots and lots of heart.I'm having a blast and I could see this becoming one of the best space games after a few content updates.Excellent job guys."
76561198023824231,Recommended,290300,22700319,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Aaron DeWitt,"A Spiritual Successor to Freelancer.After grinding away for a couple hours, learning how to use what I was given at the start, I suddenly hit this threshhold of ""Holy crap I'm a space cowboy!""Soundtrack is pretty awesome if you like a Borderlands Wild West kinda vibe.Combat is intuitive, strategic, and fun. Beautiful effects, especially entering warp for the first time.Im not even out of the first system and I gotta say man... good freaking game. I can see where it's going to get cazy here in a few more days of playing. Well done."
76561197998716287,Recommended,290300,34769342,Posted: 5 September,all,GunnarrTheMadd,"This game is just really damned fun. AI isn't great, and you're on a 2D plane. But it's got a lot of heart and a cowboys in space kind of feel. Background music is my favorite part."
76561198017796238,Recommended,290300,19935880,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Soros001,This is actually one of the best games I've played in a long time. Ship upgrades and missions and mining and it's just great all over. There's even a decent amount of trading that can be done and the storyline makes you want to find out what happens next. Managable difficulty spikes and I didn't even realise that I spent 8 hours playing today because it's so immersive. 9/10 Will def play again. And probably alot.
,Recommended,290300,20326717,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,R :C W,"The soundtrack makes this probably the best Firefly game we'll ever get, but if - after a dozen hours have you memorized every note of the included tracks - you throw in the right custom soundtrack it pretty much covers Cowboy Bebop as well. Mechanics-wise this is basically Freelancer 2, except with far better 2D naval combat, randomized systems and sectors, far less ""loadscreen"" traveling (instead you free-form warp and dodge obstacles and it usually takes 40-60 seconds) and the endgame is you piloting gigantic behemoths with dozens of automated turrets in gigantic battles with up to a hundred ships.The variety of mission types for the generated missions is reasonable but limited, so it's up to yourself to pick the type you enjoy (pro-tip: escort missions usually pay that much for a reason) and to get the insane(ly expensive) gear you'll need need to either batch a few dozen missions or - much more exciting - pick the contracts that the game deems far too hard for you and play smart (and hope for the best). So that's both difficulty selection and clever risk-reward choice to let you pick the pace you enjoy.There are definitely a number of systems that feel functional yet rudimentary that i'd like to see expanded for a sequel, but this delivered everything i always thought i wanted from the larger space games like Elite or EVE (ha) or that other sad joke in a much more condensed and enjoyable package."
76561197988987581,Recommended,290300,33195421,Posted: 3 July,all,Sithris,"Great game ,Some of the the best space combat ive played. The music is great to go along with. If your a Sci-fi fan this is a muct have!"
,Recommended,290300,18635305,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Gemanoneko,"For a long time I wanted to play ""something like a Freelancer"". Well, now we have it. With the touch of Firefly :)Easy to learn how to play, fun, dynamic, with full controller support. If you don't want to spend years on EVE, but still want to go to space, this one is for you. :)"
,Recommended,290300,32073126,Posted: 30 May,all,Tr.ond,"I enjoyed my time with Rebel galaxy quite a bit, apart from the grind sessions to upgrade gear which tok longer than necessary."
76561197999997817,Recommended,290300,32907942,Posted: 27 June,all,twistyelf,It's a fun game though the missions can get repetitive.
76561198035482469,Recommended,290300,34251036,Posted: 15 August,all,ine,"Combat is simplified to more of naval battle where you line your ship and fire the pew pew from port/starboard until eventually ramming into something by forgetting to steer the ship accordingly.You even get to be an interstellar truck driver. Good stuff.Overall can get repetitive, but enjoyable. Wait for a sale I would say."
76561198011484192,Recommended,290300,19256881,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,[SF] Jaydo,"This game has the understanding that many of the more recent space sims do not, namely that a living world creates immersion and that the major component for creating a living world consists of real voices, simulating communication with the player, and a vibrant AI system. Add to it some hearty music and Rebel Galaxy feels warm and alive, unlike its much more expensive predecessors.The main gameplay feature that sets this space sim apart from all others is that the battle happens with Black Flag type naval combat, where the ship stays on a flat plain and fires cannons from the sides.Pro's:Good flow: you complete missions, scavenge ships, buy upgrades, move to more dangerous areas, buy better ships, help out allies, do more missions, etc. It gets addicting.Dynamic unbalanced world: I once came across an enemy capital ship in a low-difficulty space that annihilated two militia capital ships and was clearly overpowered for the area. Another time, I came across a giant pirate armada next to a planet. Yet another time, the mission was labeled hard but turns out to be super easy if you are fast enough. Maybe these are all bugs, but they make the game feel more dynamic and realistic.Music: slide guitar rock is great. I bought the songs before the game even came out.Combat is fun. Lots of ships flying all over in the colourful chaos of battle.Customizable fighting styles: Buy a fast ship or a slow mammoth; long range torpedo boat or point-blank cannon. You decide.Good value for your money.Cons:Saving behavior. At the time of this review, the game saves whenever you quit the game or at a station and there is only one save. This means: 1. you cannot load a previous game if you mess up and 2. if anything happens to your save, you are screwed. This means you have less freedom to experiment. I have yet to find a game where the checkpoint system did not annoy me.Flat space: While the naval combat system does work, part of what I love about space sims so much is the freedom to fly anywhere and by restricting the movement to a plain you are cutting at the core of what is interesting about space sims.Trading system is mediocre: You can buy low by paying attention to the news and then sell high but it is nowhere near as profitable as doing even the easiest of the combat missions and just does not work very well.In time, a few annoying bugs did reveal themselves, though nothing gamebreaking."
76561198104498546,Recommended,290300,19444471,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,NIMBLE NAVIGATOR CZ,I hated Elite: Dangerous due to lack of content and game mechanics which only purpose were to just♥♥♥♥♥♥you off.This game it far better and more fun.
76561198006266609,Recommended,290300,18598347,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Stoon Finger,"The trailer doesn't do it justice... this game is solid.  It may not be the deep space simulation you're looking for, but the gameplay is tight... the combat is magnificent, and the difficulty is perfect.  I can't believe how low the price point is for the production value of this game.  Buckle up!"
,Recommended,290300,18924661,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,MajesticIX,"Definitely a fun ""arcade"" space game and some nice ship models. Start off in a frigate and work your way up to a dreadnought--how can you go wrong? Expect to grind it out but the grind is rewarding as you swap out new ships and better equipment for bigger & badder pirates to destroy. You can trade and mine too, but let's be honest, the fun is in kicking♥♥♥♥♥GREAT soundtrack with the game. Well worth the $20 investment--good for 25-35 hours of enjoyment."
,Recommended,290300,18705293,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,ครђєร,"I've played a lot of space simulation RPG's going all the way back to the original Wing Commander and I can honestly say this is the first one in a long time thats held my attention long enough for me to only get two hours of sleep on a work night.Its a great mix of sandboxing and storytelling and largely just makes you continually go....""eh I can do one more mission"" til its way to late for you to pretend you're a responsible adult.As a PC player I can't say I'm a fan of the simplified console controller interface, but...its functional and works great on a PC either way so I can't really knock it other than a simple nitpick in regards to the on screen control layout not really doing much for my immersion levels...which is a minor quibble indeed when you come across a nice little gem of a game like this that costs less than 20 dollars.If you enjoyed anything up to Freelancer, or even if you currently enjoy Elite:Dangerous and would like something a little less full of other people....Rebel Galaxy is a great piece of work for the money."
,Recommended,290300,30314382,Posted: 4 March,all,Kasceus,"OK, so this game is insanely difficult in the beginning.  It's hard to get enough credits to improve your ship.  Don't let that discourage you.  The gameplay is fantastic!  I love exploring the galaxy.  If you like space, pirates, and action, then I recommend this game.  It doesn't hurt that the music is fantastic, either."
,Recommended,290300,19606009,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Kodiak-Rush,"Have you ever wanted to sit in the captain’s chair of an all-powerful dreadnought with enough firepower to evaporate a fleet of foes? Then this might just be the game for you.In Rebel Galaxy you take reigns of a huge ship and carve your own path through a randomly generated quadrant of space. You can choose the path of a hero and save those you meet from a vast array of pirates and rogues. Or you can fall prey to greed and debauchery, siding with the Red Devil Cartel and carve your way through every enemy that stands before you.But that being said you could choose to do neither. There is always the option to be a humble miner and strike it rich in one of the vast amounts of asteroid belts and nebulae that litter the universe. Or perhaps the life of a trader is more up your alley, with a huge amount of commodities and a living breathing market place that varies from station to station and can be influenced by every day events the choice is yours.The game looks great, it may not be the most stunning graphics available today but I loved how it looked. The ships have super details models, the stars and planets were a joy to look at. The battle effects were bombastic and colourful. Every shot from my huge broad side barrage lit up the night sky as it ripped through the hull of my enemies.The audio is fantastic too. The music chosen for the sound track really adds to the title; each song filled with a defiance that really gets the heart racing and only adds to the reminiscence of Firefly or so many spaghetti westerns that said screw you to the man. The sounds were great as well, the whirring up to using your warp drive or the blasting sounds of laser-fire as it rips through shields and hull alike. The only let down is some of the voice acting was not stellar, but what’s there is good enough to convey the story.Speaking of which the story serves only one purpose, to convey your ship from one star system to the next. Most of the adventure in this title is not from the main plot but from the tales you form yourself. Taking on a trade mission and getting ambushed in a system that is far beyond your ships abilities, warping in to help a trader being pirated by xeno scum or the joy of stumbling upon a fleet of pirates and having them throw your offer of surrender back in your face and blasting them to dust as punishment. The main plot is not bad by any means but the game is so much more.Now gameplay, there are so many facets that it would be impossible to go through them all. The main game is either menu-based, exploration or combat. The menus are as expected. But the meat of the game is its exploration, so much to see and do and the ship controls fantastically. The one drawback is turning speed; the manoeuvrability of the larger ships is very slow and can make tight turns laborious. Combat on the other hand is snappy and fast and only hindered by turning speed. But since a lot of your turrets autofire you feel like a god when your ship can decimate everything in its path on its own and when finally you bring the broadsides to bear its goodnight to whomever you are aiming at.The ships themselves are fully customizable. From engines to weapons, turrets to warp drives, even the size of your cargo hold, everything can be modified, changed and improved. Starting with the most basic of equipment you soon build a ship Mal Reynolds would be proud to call his own. From the tiniest corvette all the way to the mightiest of destroyers each has its own quirks and I enjoyed playing all of them.This game is phenomenal and will have you enraptured for hours. Some people may feel it’s a little slow to begin with or the combat is a little tricky with slow aiming, but if you can get past all that it’s a real gem and I had a whale of a time with it. Plus at full price it is still cheap I would recommend buying this all day any day sale or no.Have Fun ^_^"
,Recommended,290300,18957319,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Sweetz,"I recommend Rebel Galaxy, but you've got to know what you're getting into.Rebel Galaxy initially has far more personality than many of its peers in the ""randomly generated open world space game"" genre.  Unfortunately, the space cowboy facade wears off pretty quickly and the game still boils down to being the same sort of soulless mechanical grind as every other open world space game. The only thing compelling you to play the game is getting the next bigger ship, until you finally get the biggest one, and then you're left only a bit of a hollow feeling at having wasted so much time doing the same things over, and over...and over.So why the thumbs up in spite of these gripes?  Because it's priced right and I knew that's what I was getting going in.  For what it is, it's quite fun to play; it strips away some of the unnecessary complexity of similar games and lends itself to being played in short bouts - which makes it far more palatable to me than some of these games which require an hour just to make one profitable cargo run (you know which ones I'm talking about...). It scratches an itch for space shootin' without being particularly cumbersome to play. I've had enough fun with it for the price that even if I had stopped playing before getting the biggest ship, I would have been satisfied.Just go in knowing that there's a ""honeymoon"" period with this game that eventually wears away before the raw mechanical nature of it is laid bare and if you start getting bored.  After that, I recommend treating it as a ""filler game"" you play in short bouts between doing other things and you'll enjoy it.I do have a couple specific nitpicks that I will list only in the event that they could be taken into account for future improvement:The soundtrack is great...but it makes me realize why some other space games have ""ambient"" orchestral soundtracks.  The game can easily sustain many, many more hours of gameplay than there's soundtrack to cover and the 10th time you hear the same song, it will start to drive you nuts.  There are simply not enough songs in the game.  You can import your own custom soundtrack and that's good, but requiring a player to go to the effort of cultivating his own soundtrack just to avoid being driven insane by the hearing same steel guitar alt-country song for the 65th time is a problem.Regarding the ship models, it became a little too apparent that some were done via contract work or perhaps even just bought off a content store.  The first few ships were very clearly designed to fit the game.  However, some of the later model ships have designs that don't really gel with the visual design of other ships in the game (even accounting for them coming from different alien races). Some have turrets in spots that don't really make sense for the game's mechanics (which ends up in the turret being fairly useless because it's often blocked by the ship's own geometry), or the broadside fire coming out of parts of the model that don't look like they were designed for that purpose.  I wish every ship in the game was as carefully designed as the starter ships."
76561197972931031,Recommended,290300,30325770,Posted: 4 March,all,eyebrowsofpower,"It's not Elite: Dangerous. It's something a lot more fun and less simulationist. Also less time-consuming.Gameplay is two-dimensional, and borrows the idea of the ""broadside"" from the age of sail. Otherwise, it has most of the thematic elements you'd expect in some form - trading, piracy, factions, side events to stumble across and so on.One of the things I really like is how ""alive"" the galaxy is. It's full of miners in asteroid belts, pirates preying on them, distress beacons, mysterious transponders, ancient minefields, and so on. You can come across two hostile fleets fighting it out with no regard for you. Although there isn't Elite's ability to tip the balance of power by your actions, just smaller scale events that make a minor difference to market prices.Difficulty estimation is occasionally .. surprising. Upgrade your defences first.The cowboy rock soundtrack makes a nice change from the expected, and there's a feature to drop in your own music.Plays nicely with an Xbox controller, although you have to quit game to change control modes. Note you only save when undocking!"
,Recommended,290300,18679116,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,SteelPrincess,"I bought this game and was immediately hooked.... it's like Freelancer and Firefly had a baby! You don't play this game for the simulation, but for the amazingly fun space battles. My only possible complaint about this game; it can be challenging, but for those of us who eeked our way early through sheer aggressiveness to the Blackgate Dreadnaught with 20 MK6 Neutron Broadsides and just about as many MK6 Particle Lasers and 100,000,000 credits to our name. ;) No mission is ranged any higher than 'Low Risk'.... and I want more stuff to explode in glorious fireballs! So, the only negative thing I have to say... GIVE ME MOAR BOOM! :D"
,Recommended,290300,20687923,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,🐉 Chairman Meow 🐉✅,Basically naval like battles with broadsides and turrets. Great fun and simple. Short story but endless (literally) side missions. I've played through the game once and still going after story. Was gonna start again but my ship is huge and swats everything!Graphics 8/10Gameplay 10/10Soundtrack  10/10 The in game music is cool if u like steel guitar. But the launcher has options to use your own music for specific parts if not all of the game.Overall 8.5/10Will play again probably more than once.
76561197990258343,Recommended,290300,25932404,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,BlackScorpion,"plyed over 30 hours, and finished, well until at the very last gat mission the game bugged and the mission was broken.... anyway, I flown the BLACK GATE ship, ended the game, no npc as big as he might have been could have stop me anyway, so it went a bit none sense continue playing! I even attacked whole pirate base leaving all dead behind me :)This game was VERY much fun and I do NOT regret at all the investment and the +30 hours of fun and gaming.GOOD JOB devs, good job!cheers"
,Recommended,290300,20692683,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,sniperwolfx117,"A boy has the right to dream......there are endless possibilities stretched out before him.Rebel Galaxy takes the classic free-form, open-world space sim a la Darkstar One, gives it amazing, brutal, fast, exciting combat, adds a strategic economy with stock market-esque line graphs, a bunch of well designed, fun-to-fly ships, pumps in some grungy western blues rock, and then throws you into the middle of your favorite outlaw studded sci-fi show. We're talking Outlaw Star, Firefly, Dark Matter, Battlestar Galactica, etc.I was initially sold on the soundtrack alone (seriously, just watch the first trailer and you'll know what I mean). I thought I would lament the loss of a Z axis in flight/combat, but because of playing on a flat plane, it plays very similar to Assassin's Creed Black Flag's ship-to-ship combat, and as such it's very smooth, easy to grasp, and fun.Pros:+ Excellent Soundtrack+ If you don't like the soundtrack, or want to add your own flair, the soundtrack can easily be replaced with your own music, separated by category (idle spacefaring, combat, space station), and your own music can be played along with the included soundtrack+ Smooth combat+ Lots of spacecraft+ Well made stock market style economy+ Planetary events add strategic value to trading+ Feels like you're right inside the Outlaw Star or Firefly universe+ Later fights are challenging, but fun+ Warping between planets is very relaxing+ Space is big. Each solar system is pretty massive, so expect to warp a lot+ Inside jokes and references to other sci-fi media is plentifulCons:- A bit grindy, especially early on- Missions are fairly repetetive- Some later fights can be brutal- Losing a big battle means going back to the last station you docked at. Dock often- No piloting small fighter craft8/10 Would soar like a leaf on the wind"
76561198122296876,Recommended,290300,20735939,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,MrKaiBot,"REVIEW – REBEL GALAXYIf you’ve ever prayed that Firefly would be turned into an action-packed space sim, just pour yourself a tall glass of bourbon and strap in, pardner. With the crunchiest roadhouse-cowboy soundtrack this side of the ‘verse and a visual feast that can only be described as f---ing majestic, Rebel Galaxy has been lovingly hand-crafted to appease the most deeply rooted spacelust in us all.Gods. Be. Praised.Here’s the story: Your aunt Juno, a semi notorious ne’er-do-well, has vanished under mysterious and potentially dangerous circumstances, leaving you with a junkheap of a ship and a cryptic message. You’re then set loose in the Xanthe star system (the beginner zone) to carve your own path, choose your side(s), and blast through the near and far reaches of space trying to save the old gal from her fate. And that's just the start of it.The solar systems are randomly generated but feel fully realized, with fluctuating economies, random events, and an endless torrent of side quests. The factions are pretty clear – there are “good” guys and “bad” guys, and it’s rare to help someone without♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off someone else, and you’re definitely going to be doing that. You’ll make heaps of money, buy bigger ships and WAY bigger guns, and doing lots and lots of killin’ folk, often in self defense.A majority of your time will be spent fighting nasty people and blasting around the systems for your quests, and it can feel grindy sometimes. That said, I managed to spend WAY more time than I expected doing just that without it feeling tiresome. Hell, it took me 13 hours of gameplay before I felt like finishing the story quests in the very first system, and there are 14 systems.The physics are just delicious, the visuals are head-shakingly grand, and the sound design is so good it hurts. It’s all more than enough to make you forget you had a life outside which, frankly, is kinda the point. Rebel Galaxy is heroin wrapped in crack and drowning in whiskey. So, giddyup.How I’d describe it: EVE for introverts.Score: 4 out of 5Why: Gameplay is unbelievably good. Character interactions feel a bit railroaded, but let’s be honest – that’s not why you’re playing."
,Recommended,290300,18711427,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Kryptography,"This is a very solid, very reasonably priced space game.  Great for people who don't like all of their space games to be flight stick based and for combat to be more tactical."
76561198241627962,Recommended,290300,18606114,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Harootune,This game came from a two-person studio?What the hell...?This is a very very good game. It's scratched an itch of mine that only Freelancer has satisfied before. It is well worth it's price.
76561198006595311,Recommended,290300,18595672,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,ShadowDelta,"This game makes me think of Firefly (its plot and style) mixed with Borderlands Series with just plain fun Total Space warfare.  Its simple, arcade style controls, and lots of fun.  If you liked X2/3 or and well made space game, you should enjoy this.  Wish they had more of that southern electric guitar music to play.  Goes good with the theme"
76561197993840187,Recommended,290300,24789413,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Furiant,"I wholeheartedly recommend this. A kindred spirit to Wing Commander: Privateer; if you liked that, you'll love this. It was a bit short and a bit shallow, and I'm done with it for now, but I'll likely play it again in a year.ProsConfident aesthetics, ships you are excited to climb into, pretty spaceDecent ship loadout options to tune performance to your playstyleYou can be effective in ships that are not ""top tier""Randomized missions are fairly diverseInteresting (if somewhat predictable) campaign that resolved sensiblyPretty well-implemented progression keeps the game challenging for a whileI don't care for the music, but it's very well done and a lot of folks will love it; it definitely fits the game's vibeCharacters and side stories are interesting and well-writtenFun - everything there is to do is fun to doPirating is a thingI don't really have any cons.MehsI'd have liked more diversity in combat strategy; a big selling point is broadside combat, but other approaches would be nice tooMore fine-tuning and harder choices for loadouts (like EVE's system) would have made it more interestingCould have been longerMining and trading were pretty thinAt some point you just outgear everything, no matter what you're flying; it ceases to be challengingSome escort missions are inordinately hard, mostly due to glitchesPirating could definitely have used more attentionAbsolutely worth it at full price. No-brainer if on sale."
76561198029022444,Recommended,290300,24868124,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,senker,"Great space sim, full of colors and shining effects. Looking nice and fun to play. 100 hours of entertainment! Somewhere between ED and SPAZ."
,Recommended,290300,18753641,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Kerensky,"There aren't nearly enough games like this being made.Only downside I could maybe criticize is the pretty crazy grind requirement, but another way of looking that is the game provides many hours of gameplay and things to do.Thumbs up!"
76561197971019068,Recommended,290300,18801544,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,gapper4,"Bought this game during a down period in my Space Engineers saga (that game is currently being prepared for the planets release and is chock-full of truly annoying bugs) and didn't expect to enjoy it so much. It's no Hearts of Iron III in terms of complexity but, heck, sometimes you just want to watch pretty explosions and feel like a space cowboy, right ? On this front, Rebel Galaxy delivers in spades. It's got more personality than a Hell's Angels clubhouse and the looks of that blonde cheerleader you lusted after in high school. I've read somewhere that it was made by two guys. If that's true, that's pretty amazing. Massive overachievers, they.I bought it about 10 days after release and have yet to encounter any significant bug. Sure, I would have liked a bit more depth in the missions, perhaps some RPG elements, or a touch of strategy but it would be a national politician-level lie to say that I didn't get my twenty bucks' worth of entertainment out of it. Well done devs, you've made me happy."
76561197983136435,Recommended,290300,18848909,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,boofhead3,"Rebel Galaxy is rad. It will take up your time, not give it back and you will thank it for its trouble.This game works like this: grind to get money to buy better guns/ships, do a main quest mission, repeat until game is over. Normally I would say that this sucks but RG is different, the grinding is somehow satisfying. The explosions look cool, the sounds are great, the hectic nature of the battles is very well done, the aliens are jerks, it hits all the marks of a very fun sci fi game. The RPG elements are simple, but the battle manouvers will make you think.One complaint: The framerate was unusally slow for the quality of graphics, my Lenovo Y50-70 can max out Battlefrontand BF4, but not this?? Not to say that its not a great looking game, but it seems like its less efficient with resources.Note: must be played with an Xbox 360 controller to be enjoyed.I finished the game with a Tyrex Stuville, a Murath ship i think, and Grud was my wingman. It was nifty."
,Recommended,290300,18708436,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,{FB}Zebitty,"Main storyline (with a few side missions) took about 30 hours. It's more arcade than sim, which isn't necessarily a bad thing.This game is greater than the sum of its' parts. Graphics are nice to look at but not the best I've seen. Combat is satisfying despite occasional glitchiness. Storyline is a little predicable but the characters are interesting and the voice acting (for the most part) is pretty good.Despite these minor annoyances, this game is, hands down, the most fun thing I've played this year.On top of that, it's got the best sound track for a game that I've heard in a very, very long time.It's inspired by the Firefly TV show and really does a great job of capturing the look, feel and character of the 'verse.Even at it's regular price, it's worth the time and money. Do yourself a favour and DON'T miss out on this one!"
76561198255338808,Recommended,290300,19009134,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,volkanozden,"This is my first review in Steam :) I hope it would be helpful for you.I played for 45 hours and I definitely give thumbs up to this game. If you are a fan of Firefly, and if you like Star Trek - Star Wars style space combat, this game is for you. Although not being a masterpiece; the game has a nice atmosphere, wonderful music and sound effects, flashy explosions and lasers, detailed unique ship designs, in short: it has a %85 healthy body and mechanics.Pros & Cons:- The depth of space looks nice, however the colours are mostly vivid mostly and too luminous for space. Though it's less depressing :))- Warp and Jump concepts are very nice.- Thumbs up for weird aliens, their creative languages and weird ships (gets weirder further you play the main mission :)- The game lacks of citizens living wandering around when you visit a station. When you visit a bar, you can only have the bartender and your hired gun, which is so unrealistic.-Diplomacy needs to be worked on some more. And yes, I agree with the other guy: developers need to put a ""reputation"" system inside the game. When a guy destroys 100 capital ships and some 500 fighters, weaker enemies should run away from you on sight, or at least try ;) There is a ""Hail-dialogue"" system in game. Little bit impractical. You can choose to intimidate your enemy which I succeded several times. Still nobody says ""Oh noo! it's the guy who eats destroyers in breakfast! We frakking need to disappear right now!""- After 30 hours repeated side missions decrease the fun. Fortunately the main quest saves it from boredom.-  The turret manual targeting sucks, it's pretty hard to choose your target in real time combat. You can of course ""tab"" and lock your target but I don't like wasting my time when i have 20 meteorites to hit around me (yeah you can do mining and sell the ore you extract)- You have many options to outfit your ship with deflectors, shields, rockets, lasers and such and especially with useful components. The turret's locations are important, nevertheless you can't just drag and drop your weaponry on the ship as you like. You will need to know by trial and error which turret is which and install-uninstall the weapons until you find the right one (I have 8 turrets on my ship for instance).That's it for now :)"
76561198170375239,Recommended,290300,26168958,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,gerryarivard,"Hi.""creators""of Rebel Galaxy ! I think you both realiize you two have a great (exciting and fun } gem of a game.Myself I have spent 412 hrs and I'm still going after the pirate lords. I just thought I'd  put my imput  into this ""unique""game and definately say you owe it to us fans to not let this game {die in the water};so to speak. Constructively speaking I agree with the rest of the fans it needs a lot more goals & missions /and possibly more of a fun story again to follow or any more extra content you two can think of.               Please reply,Thanks."
76561198076674177,Recommended,290300,28712714,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,kidneystone6,Great game. well balanced and very fun to play and highly recommend to anyone who likes space action games. Large galaxies and many ships and wepon upgrades as well as fractions to join make it alot of fun
,Recommended,290300,20865745,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,do_ob,"The soundtrack alone is worth a thousand space slaves and live organs. You want to be a space pirate while listening to some bad♥♥♥♥♥rock music? You got it!You want to be a space miner dodging Jared Fogle like space pirates?! Hell yeah you got it! A long with a footlong full of turrets, broadsides and lasers!This game rocks harder than an asteroid field.10/10 would protect spacer miners again."
76561198044860369,Recommended,290300,25003177,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,WarSprite,"Absolutely love this game!Haven't had an exploration fix like this since Freelancer.Very common sense controls (once you get used to them or remap them) and easy mapping of objestives make this game a pleasure to play right from the start.One hint, save often which is only possible when leaving space stations (which there are a lot of, most of which are very different with different economies). So far I have about 24hrs in and I've died like 10 times already but discovered something new in the game while doing so, which takes something out of the sting of death a little but not much.Going into combat is also very hectic, just like a real space battle would be.Would suggest hiring a Merc at some point for some of the tougher battles plus try hiring several first out and find the one ""type"" that fights most closely to your style of play. It helps to have somebody who watches your back and is willing to do so (for the money of course)."
76561197981023394,Recommended,290300,28778876,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Benwars,"If you liked Darkstar One, you'll almost undoubtedly love Rebel Galaxy. It's not complicated, or too technical, or too vast. After a very minor learning curve as compared to many Space Sims, you'll be deep in the story before you know it. It's just fun. The combat keeps you just busy enough without overwhelming you. The game difficulty doesn't seem to be adjustable, but strangely enough it feels just right. It's not so difficult it's frustrating, nor so easy it's boring. It's just fun. I love Space Sims, but have only ever played a handful that I really, really liked, and this one is now on that list. Why? Because it's not crazy stupid ridiculous. It's just fun."
76561198039545550,Recommended,290300,23671305,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,reverend2121,"Pretty close to being a really solid game. I'm going to recommend it over all, with the suggestion you pick it up on sale at some point.Pros:-the space combat is pretty fun-the soundtrack is great-fairly robust quest system-good options for making a lot of money regardless if you prefer mining, trading, or combatCons:-Main quest is super short, consisting of about 8 ""go here kill these guys"" missions.-Although there are tons of options for side quests, they get old pretty quickly.-40 hours of play time and everything is done, got a dreadnaught with maxed out gear, mostly special pirate/virilax loot gear, about 30 million creds in the bank on top of that, and just pretty much bored with it. I will miss the soundtrack, though.Just the game itself I'd give it 5/10, but if you can get it on sale for 5-15 bucks it's worth it if you're in to this sort of game."
76561198038401119,Recommended,290300,21026312,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Litledragon,Black flag's naval game play on steriods
,Recommended,290300,21385270,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Hunter,"A space game with lots of great concepts, the only problem seems to be due to the fact that it was mostly done by 2 people. The only problem I've had with this game is that faction reputation scores don't seem to give the effect that I expected them to. For example if I got my reputation upto ""Friendly"" with the militia, I would expect them to be friendly with me when I hail them and so far I got the same response I used to get back when I was still in neutral. Other than that it is a great game, you can ally yourself with citizens and militia or be a pirate shooting up citizen and milita ships. Combat is well done and there's different types of ships and gear that you can fit it with. There's also an option to hire mercenary to fight along with you and there's a nice economy simulation under it all. And finally soundtrack really fits with the game, has space-western vibe to it.In conclusion, get this game you wouldn't regret it."
,Recommended,290300,32172572,Posted: 4 June,all,Mephisto,"It's a cross between Freelancer and Sid Meier's Pirates! It's like Freelance in the sense that you get to upgrade your ship, trade, be a space pirate if you want and side with a faction. It's similar to Sid Meier's Pirates! as you get to go to outposts which have fluctuating prices of goods, have a bar in which you can get information and hire a merc to work for you and in-game events that influence how much goods cost.Let's take it part by part:Gameplay: It's an open world (or open galaxy) 3rd person space combat simulation that let's you be your own kind of spacefarer. Though you're in space, you can only go left or right as there is no up and down movement. There are 2-3 tiers of basic upgrades for your ship in the first solar system, and I think it adds one per system you go into (I'm not sure yet. I've played 16 hours of the game and I'v eonly done a few story missions lol). There are factions and so far, I've only encountered one guild.Story: I haven't played much of the main storyline so far as I spent most of my time doing side missions and getting money. I'm sorry about this.Combat: The combat is kinda tricky at first but It's kinda awesome once you get the hang of it. Also, you can travel to the next system as soon as you want and upgrade your ship enough to be really overpowered in the previous system. I have mining lasers that swat around fighters like they're mosquitoes.Graphics: The developers didn't skip out on making this game beautiful. From projectiles and laser beams to missile and engine trails, the graphics look great. The makers of the game didn't also skip out on the characters here, animating them with lip movements consistent with their dialogue (I really shouldn't be impressed with this but I am because they could've just put in a picture and have dialogue play in the background).Music and Sound Effects: Sound effects are to be expected in a space shooter but there's a small amount of dialogue that has some popping ""p's"" during recording. The music makes the atmosphere kinda feel like you're in Firefly (TV Series) and you can include tracks of your own as there's an option before you start the game. There's nothing like having beams of lasers shoot around while you're listening to dubstep."
76561197970030377,Recommended,290300,18776792,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Nerhesi,"You all need to disregardd the reviews stating this is just attrition based, and you dont need to maneuver.You also need to disregard the reviews  stating Broadsides don't matter because it's easy to maneuver.You notice both review types are actually opposed. Is it attrition click fest I have better shields and guns I win? or is it maneuver based? If you think it is one or the other, you're like those reviewers, and you've probably played the first hour or 2 at most.This game has tactical and strategic level element to the battles.  You have to know when it's time to dish it out and depend ony our shields, and when it's time to maneuver, when it's time to boost, how to approach a battle from what angle based on the craft they have and so on.Saying that - this is a great game, and thankfully it seems the people who are misinforming others count only for 9% of the reviewers..."
76561198194445011,Recommended,290300,18979617,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,TacticalSmore,"OPINIONThe game is the best space game I have played has great rading the fighting is just amazing it is AC: Blackflag but better combat the ships get insanely huge it has good stability lowest framrate hit 23 for 10sec coming out of a portal thing overall the game is excellent the only way this game could die is if the developers just drop it which at the moment they do not seem to be doing (Yet)BREAKDOWNGraphics 9/10Great graphics no graphical glitches not SUPREME but right at the level of the age BUT explosions for HUGE ships are a bit cheesy adn can sometimes lose their Explosion Lemnse Flash which adds ALOT of effect to explosionStability 10/10(MY COMUTER) Perfect fromrate it only has a lag spike 9RARELY) when exiting portals and the menu can lag time to timeGameplay 8.5/10Needs work but only more features how it stands now is the game is ADDICTING with the universe always changing it is always fresh BUT Missions can get Slightly boreing after long bursts it has the same bore factor as M&B Warband The world changes occuring to the news and even with the highest rank ship you can still get a challenge you might go to a station and it could be under attack just adds alot of replayabilitySound 8/10The main music is repetitive and can get annoying but the sound effects are very well doneNO MULTIPLAYERControls 10/10SUPER basic and some FPS have more complex controlsMissing Features!Detailed Planets with cities and moreDestructable PlanetsMilitary Outposts looking ""Military""Motherships with hangersMaving a Rank System in FactionsEnlisting into Factions once a certain RP is countedSpace CitiesExploration Vessels with CordinatesBoarding --- Xcomish inship comnbatMore ships maybe a few more classesFleet not just ONE mercenaryEach Tier to look differantSmall FactionsMOD SUPPORTJump Portals having another effect other then just spawning in the next sectorCritical systems ""Oxygen"" and other smaller subsystemsDiplomancy ImprovementsPaintable Ships maybe a custom flag editorAbility to create your own factionMore realistic astrouid beltsEach ship has a SUPER WEAPON or Perk"
76561198003716895,Recommended,290300,23370568,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Partycrasher,"Takes the fun/addictive elements of freeform space sims while avoiding the over-complexity of some of these titles (such as the X-series). As usual you start with an underequipped ship and earn money for better weapons/systems, new ships, and even mercenary support if you want it. You can earn money via missions (randomly generated and storyline), trading, mining, piracy or bounty hunting; it's up to you if you want to stay the right side of the law or if you aim to misbehave. It's worth noting that your starting ship is a corvette and the ship classes only get bigger from there on (right up to massive dreadnoughts). Because you're always commanding a large ship, combat is very different from a fighter-focused space sim and as others have pointed out it the 2D movement gives a 'naval battle in space' feel to it (though faster paced); it actually works pretty well, making the battles very fun to play - which is a good thing, because there is a lot of combat in this game.Visually this has a beautiful-looking universe, some spectular space battles and a wide variety of nice ship designs (from Serenity-style rustbuckets to more conventional-looking starships). I like the fact that the different ships cater to different playstyles -  bigger isn't necessarily better as there are other factors like speed, manouverabilty and weapon placement, so instead of a linear progression to the 'best' ship, people will find their own favorite ships along the way.There are some aspects of the game that could do with some improvement such as the scaling of encounters and missions - the actual difficulty of missions doesn't always seem to match the stated risk level. Also it's quite possible to get into fights where the only chance of survival is to run, especially at the beginning of the game; though this is not a bad thing in itself, the fact that the game pops up a combat tutorial note on your first fight (even if you're totally outmatched) could confuse new players into thinking they should always be able to win their first battle. I can see why the single checkpoint-type save is controversial, but personally I'm fine with a single save AS LONG AS there is some backup in case of corrupt saves - fortunately haven't had a corrupted save yet, but would be pretty peeved if this happened after hours of play.The hillbilly rock soundtrack does help create that 'wild frontier' Firefly vibe, but it also starts to get a bit old after about 10 hours - fortunately there is an option to stream your own music - this is a great feature that allows you to select different music sources for different situations (ambient, combat, idle, station etc).Overall this is probably the most enjoyable space game I've played since Freelancer."
,Recommended,290300,23370647,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Tratz,"Only played this game for 2 hours at this point but I'm seriously impressed. In terms of space exploration and combat, Rebel Galaxy is simple. You have one horizontal plane. You steer left and right, go faster or slower. Where the game lacks in flight complexity, it makes up for in very fun broadside naval combat, an engaging story and the freedom to make bad decisions. You are free to roam wherever you want and do various things at your leisure. The conversations you have with potential friends and ememies effect the outcome of the interactions. The sound track is AMAZING. Most - if not all conversation so far - is voice acted. Such a fun game."
,Recommended,290300,18717770,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,JonTheKnight,"So I finally beat the main story and every single minute of it was fun. Early on when I started following this game they said it was a mix of Freelancer/Privateer + AC:Black Flag + Sid Meier's Pirates! + Star Control 2 and that is a very apt description.As a kid I really loved Freelancer. Exploring a large system on my own, outfitting and upgrading my ship, taking missions from various factions, etc. This scratches that itch like no other since Freelancer. While I hope Elite: Dangerous and Star Citizen will be able to get there they seem far too focused on the multiplayer experience.If you loved Freelancer and enjoyed AC: Black Flag's combat this is the game for you.Pros:Fun CombatNice story that doesn't over stay it's welcomePlenty of shipsLot's of options for ship customizationCons:Pirate story not as deep as I'd hopedI wish there more varied random events in systems like wormholes"
,Recommended,290300,18717152,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Hariwulf,"Issues: BALANCINGPros: Every- freaking -thing else!Need more stuff, need expansions!"
76561197967329170,Recommended,290300,18851436,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Svodola Darkfury,"I'd call this a light recommendation. There's a great deal of repetitive game play, but I found that for the price it met exactly what I wanted: a space game with some space fights that made me feel like a space ace. The story-line is intriguing, but there are some stoppages as you have to upgrade your ship as you progress or it will not be powerful enough for the missions. Despite the somewhat repetitive nature, there was a certain appeal to finally getting that new ship and whipping the♥♥♥♥♥of those pirates that took you into hull so many times. Treat this game like it's Gran Turismo, Space Edition, and you'll probably solidly like it as I did. Game is 8/10. EDITED because I forgot to mention, the MUSIC is AWESOME. Totally makes you feel like you're in Firefly. There's only a few different songs, but they are masterfully done and very immersive. Music is 10/10."
,Recommended,290300,28184035,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Calain,"Spent around 50+ hours in this game, finished it after obtaining MK6 equipment and being able to get the more expensive ships and guild ships.Having played through this with a good friend watching it live on Stream for the majority of the playthough i can say i enjoyed this title a lot.But i have gripes, gripes that comes from that it's meant to be played with a controller.There is a distinct snapping with aim assist in this game, this paired with no pitch control (Y axis for your spacecraft doesnt exist, but exists for other smaller crafts and various world objects/projectiles)The game felt huge at the beginning but the main storyline skips through sectors mid story, which leaves you just going through sectors without a reason to stay (unless you are doing trading, mining or hunting).It feels like this game was ported over from a Console, but that could also be good.. hear me out.In 50+ hours i have not had a single crash or bug, nor any weird software issues at all.This could very well be thanks to that the game is polished in that sense, framerate feels solid aswell.Game is beautiful (even if nebulas are tiny dust clouds compared to real life), the game allows custom music for: Idle, Combat, Space stations, ambient & main title.This is a very nice addition and lets you (once you get bored of the ingame music) put your own tracks for various interactions in game.Game plays well, no stutter or dips in general performance.I highly recommend playing this with a controller, as with a mouse the snapping / aim assist gets very frustrating once you wanna have more of a freelook aiming.Story should be made longer, or added with DLC as it felt short and kinda rushed, especially compared to the amount of sectors you dont even do any type of missions in at all. (you mainly just go find npc for mission->go and talk to npc->gate->gate->mission->gate back->gate back->find npc who gave mission->talk to npc.It does have some issues in those areas i mentioned earlier, but because it performs so well, and compensates with positives i can only give this a thumbs up.Improvements for a sequel in my mind would be:Expansive story, more side quests (not just mission board money makers), get rid of aim assist/snapping and give us Y axis / Pitch."
,Recommended,290300,18676026,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Hayabusae,"Been immersed recently in Rebel Galaxy, though the game lacks the ability to move up and down, it makes up for it in the following ways.1- The Music is perfect, every time I go into space combat in EVE or STO or any other space game; Star Citizen, Elite, etc. I always have to patch into Pandora and set some rock and roll or techno. This is the first space game I never touch Pandora in, the music is perfect for the combat and for the moment.2- The variation of ships for a game at this price point makes me wonder why its not more expensive. To me this game's value would have to be set at 39.99 or 49.99. I have seen games at a 60 dollar price point that has less content and less hours of gameplay than this. Everything from frigates to Dreadnoughts are in the game with unique and epic designs to be found in each one.3- The Story for me is actually interesting, without making any spoilers, I am very interested to see whats next. While doing these missions it reminds me of firefly pulling into a space station and checking the mission board for any missions I can make a few credits on. Get some munitions or better weapons.4- The graphics are quite good, the explosions are beautiful the weapon designs are stunning. Coming from someone who is an avid player for Star Citizen, to say I'm actually quite pleased with the graphics of this game speaks a lot for itself.5- Some may not see this as a plus, but you cant just get carried away in combat, not paying attention to your shields, not using your deflector shield and rotating your ship can lead to some frustrating moments when you see your ship explode from damage. I got so into the combat that I didn't realize my ship was taking critical damage and suddenly... BOOOOOM SPOOOSH BAWWW.Only negative I see for this game is the lack of 3 dimensional movement. However I have played games that don't have a jump function and they are amazing. The guys who developed this game did an astounding job making it, and it is a must have in anyone's game library that even remotely likes space ships.my rating is a 9.5/10"
76561198060268807,Recommended,290300,18685125,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,endlessgreen541q583786^    $,1 of the best games ive played this year
,Recommended,290300,18680870,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,janoszen,"Rebel galaxy is a space sim, very much like Darkstar One, Freelancer and also borrows a littlebit of combat techniques from Assassins Creed.The good:- The music! O my god the music! It's so great! Do you like Firefly? This is for you.The bad:- The grinding (it's very repetitive)- The story (it's kinda lame)The ugly:- It's a 2D game. In space. With a 3D engine. Go figure."
76561197991341199,Recommended,290300,18668875,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,SimpliG,"Tl/dr: It is a really fun and nice game from some Indie developers, and while there are some bugs and exploit possibilites in the game, the devs throw patchs from day to day, so in a short time I'm sure they will be all gone. It is definetly worth its price, for 20 bucks you get 20+ hours of fun, far better than a cinema!------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The gameplay is simple, but if you got the vibe of it, it's hard to stop playing. It's not a space-sim, but a more arcade-ish game with a very strong atmosphere. catchy soundtrack (which you can extend/replace with your own music from your hard drive if it's not your style), Beatiful skyboxes, plenty and mesmerizing explosions, laser projectiels and engine trails.The combat is really fun, you have to position well so you can fire with your main weapons on the side of the ship. It might be a bit challenging first but as soon as you learn the tricks and how to sail in the blins spot of the other ships, it becomes much easier, but stays as fun as in the begining. there is no better feeling when you destroy a ship 3-4 times bigger than yours on your own.The controls are made for controlers mainly, and many people say that keyboard+mouse is bad, but personally i had no problem with it, only when you aim with the turrets, the camera can stick to strange places, but it doesn't matter as they will be on auto fire 80% of the time, while you ahndle the broadside guns.The story mission is a bit short and simple, and sadly many characters get only a little screen time. But the dialoges are really well written. Overall if you rush the game it can be finished pretty quickly(possible evein in 5-10 hours, but if you fiddle around it can last up to 25-30 hours! it took me around 20 hours to finish the main story [while i did plenty of sandbox stuff] and other 3 hours to get tthe best stuff in the game.), but even if you get the best weapons and defensises on your favorit ship, the combat is still fun and you can spend a hour easily to blast some poor souls into the space."
,Recommended,290300,18682001,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Arch Demon,I have to say that I really enjoyed this game. and im a guy who are not fan of EVE because of that insane amount of grinding like this has kinda both its not to much grinding for getting sopmethign cool and the game itself is very solid
76561198166548664,Recommended,290300,20105138,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Curry in a Hurry,It feels like what a Firefly game would have been if made right.
,Recommended,290300,18648639,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Gauztape,"I love this game.Challenging, but approachable. Simple mechanics that are easy to learn and diffiult to master.Compelling story, but with a great ""slow burn"" approach that encourages exploration and advancement.An extremly well rounded game."
,Recommended,290300,18657863,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Hagakure,Do you like ships? Big ships? Big Guns? Shinny graphics with a decent storyline and loads of fun? Yes? They why the frak are you reading this still? Buy this game! Its every penny worth.
76561198038475017,Recommended,290300,18607720,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Dctchdt,ITS A MUST HAVE!pros+ gameplay really fun and enjoyable+ sounds and soundtrack is fantastic+ ships and weapons are intreasting love the boardside idea its really badass+ runs really well & no bugs yet :)cons- cant build a your own fleet :(- story is mediocrethe sound track is fantastic the gameplay is fun the guns turret and board side is sweat sound are class its a must have for any one how loves space games with action on problem i would say is the story not that strong at the point im at in it and it would be sweat if you can build a fleet then it would make it more epic
76561197985993803,Recommended,290300,23369954,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,yukipon3133,"Considering that this game was developed by 2 guys (but experienced hands) and its pricing, this really is an enjoyable game worth every penny. It gave me the same kind of feeling and excitement when I first played ""(Sid Meier's) Pirates"" all those years ago.The main con would be that the main story is really too short. I will be certainly waiting for a DLC or a sequel for this. It's kind of amazing that such games can pop up in this time of AAA titles smothering all others."
76561198039066702,Recommended,290300,33684840,Posted: 20 July,all,richardl,"Loved the game on the PS4 and the same quality on the PC.- Music is amazing!- I enjoyed doing the missions and the combat.- It gets hard at times, but just the right amount of challenge.- Game is gorgeous.- Space travel is well executed, you can dodge clusters of ice and asteroids by steeting your ship in lightspeed mode.Campaign was a bit short, but still worth it.I recommend this game."
76561198082497790,Recommended,290300,18723244,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Shardu,"Best bang for your buck!  Rebel Galaxy is a game set in space were you fight intense enemies while controlling and maintaining your ship,shields,armor, and weapons. It starts out very simple and even helpes you along in understanding everything while also getting you right into the combat and interesting story line. No spoilers from me :o! But with it being under 20$!? And a game that can have you playing for many hours at a time while enjoying every minute of it. I'm telling you now. If you enjoy space, battles of many different types of enemies, and the every so often rescue of someone in trouble or even killing both of them and taking the loot then you must try this game. Best way i say the game is like is an EVE that wont make you pay monthly to play and one where you still have a life since you dont have to spend days or even months to get the ship you want. Its easy to build up your ship or upgrade it."
,Recommended,290300,18702042,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,ZeroMatter,"I'm a fan of Space sims, Sid Meier's Pirates!, and Star Trek Online (mainly because of the Space combat and every ten levels unlocked a new ship) I had to get this game, and it's amazing.Pros-Missions are reasonable lengths-captial ship combat is fun-you can customize your weapon sets-Ramming specific deflector shieldsCons-story is very cliche for these type of games (a relative leaves you something and you have to find them and build up, blah)-might feel repetitive (I'm only in my second sector but, mine, defend, escort, kill, trade and treasure hunt cliche for space games)"
,Recommended,290300,23340094,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Quoth the Raven,"Space game for a budget.This is a good game for what it costs. Assuming you pay for the 50% discount (making it 10 USD or so). It has repetition and delivery missions but so do most space games. This game in paticular focuses less on simulation and is just a fun basic space game for those who like sci-fi. It certainly isnt freelancer or any game of that sort with story depth, but then again we dont always need that to enjoy simple space games. This is a space western if there ever was one. There are better games and there are worse games. If you are on a budget youll get a kick out of this I am sure."
,Recommended,290300,18603068,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Gadzooks,"WowThis game has blown me away. Everything from the theme down to the actual gameplay. I love the music and the look and feel of the game. Really captures that same theme that things like Firefly managed to capture.My main concern when going into this game was knowing that it didnt have full free range 3d movement. You are basically a boat, on a 2d ocean that spans in all directions. (ie: you cant go up or down like in most space sims). Shortly after playing though I realized something. You arent a space pilot in some action game. You are more like a bridge commander. Piloting and combat are more akin to something from the startrek films than being seating in the pilot seat of an X-wing.  Does this work? Yes, it does. Quite well in fact. I quickly stopped caring that I didnt have full 3d range of movement, and found myself just enjoying the ""flow"" of the game.The music is great btw, really helps bring the game to life.Combat is quick, and very ""Edge of your seat"" once you get past the first couple of tutorial battles. Sometimes you have to run. The game doesnt scale stuff to your level, and you often find yourself in over your head. Escape is a viable tactic and meant to be part of the gameplay. Dont worry though, you wont find yourself running often unless you go charging head first into some space pirate zone.The game actually has a LOT more depth to it than I expected it to. The further I played, the more features I discovered. Its so much more than just a funky space combat simulation game. I personally cant wait to play more, and really start diving in to what the game has to offer. Its got me hooked.My only real gripe is how there isnt an option to pull the camera back some during broadside combat. I feel a bit ""boxed in"", which really hinders my combat awareness of things around me. You can find youself crashing head first into things during broadside combat because your field of view is so limited due to how close you are zoomed in to your ship. They really need to add an option to configure the distance you want the camera to be at, or add a toggle that works similar to the camera view distance in a car racing game.The other nice feature that easily goes over looked, is how well this game performs. No performance issues, no GPU or CPU load issues. Overall its a well optomized game. (it could use a few higher quality textures here and there though)So... overall...Do you like space games?Do you like star trek style combat between big ships?Do you enjoy the backwater, wasteland themed style of Firefly?If so, I highly recommend this game."
76561198007030552,Not Recommended,290300,30417155,Posted: 9 March,all,GremlinChee,"Tons of missed opportunities for story telling. Alien races are given no backstory, you have no choices as the player. Universe feels empty, no particular system is any different than any other. Market system is arbitrarily complex given the total simplicity of the rest of the game, but no effort is made to make the player care about it."
76561198037249498,Recommended,290300,30712397,Posted: 24 March,all,etiggy,"great atmosphere, if you are into space sims and looking for a casual experience there is no better entry"
76561198007145952,Recommended,290300,23337194,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Arcterran,"It's Freelancer (A Flawed gem that I spent uncountable hours playing back in the day), only better thought out (and you fly Capital ships), lots of Firefly injected into it's veins, and Yes, Blues Saraceno belting out some tunes. That's a reccomendation folks!For those who have never played Freelancer:In a nutshell, Freelancer was an open ended Space Combat/Economic sim made back in 2003, It was pretty much about making money, legally or illegally and exploring the universe. The cool thing about it is that you had different factions that reacted differently to what you did, for example, raiding cargo ships makes you unpopular with Police and Corporations, while Bounty Hunting made you unpopular with Criminals.(Also for those complaining about you moving in ""2D only"" Lets be honest, ""Up and down"" axis was purpouseflully not really used much in Freelancer either)"
76561197968432605,Recommended,290300,18628559,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Alerothi,"It's like Firefly meets Freelancer. Yes, you cannot move on the vertical axis, but that helps focus the action around your big, lumbering ship. Fights are beautiful and chaotic, punctuated by alerts from your ships friendly AI voice. The missions can be a little repetitive, but it seems like there are lots of different ships to buy, oodles of parts to upgrade, and many different factions to assist or annoy. Overall, a polished and enjoyable game that can make you feel like Admirals Adama or Ackbar."
76561198000813362,Recommended,290300,29063033,Posted: 6 January,all,alco,"Fantastic music and stunning graphics.Really likes to play this game and just fly around listening to the music.The ships you can get are freaking awsome.Only bad part is that when you go to the next ""univers"" the difficulty level skyrockets even if you have the best ship in the previus ""univers""."
76561198136898607,Recommended,290300,25795670,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,kitSIN,"I love the soundtrack. The combat is good, though it's easy to lose track of what you're shooting at in the larger battles (there's a lock-on option, but too many buttons to press to get there so I never bothered).The trading part is tricky when the date is not displayed and you have to sort of guess the selling price of an item to sell it anywhere since the market price is ever changing and you have no way of knowing what sells how much, and where to sell.Main storyline is simple, good, but simple. And short.Paid full price. Would pay full price again if they ever did another one. Heard that only 2 people made this game. Would like to tell them they did a good job. Hope the next one they make (if they decide to make it) will be even better."
76561198002172050,Recommended,290300,18641946,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,ElectroD,"-->Hey there, honest and trusting trader ! Would you like to get your hand on some diamonds? Preety rare stuff...<--Of course, well armed and eyepatch-wearing traveler! Let me get the credits from my secret compartment!-->These are premium diamonds...I expect a fair price, dear lonely and without escort trader...<--Here you go, fair and mighty defender of citizens!-->Wow, that's a really good price. Thanks! Now... please stop your engines and drop your cargo!<--With{LINK REMOVED}plea...what?!-->You heard me the first time.<--...I surrender, please don't fire.-->Schmuck. Begone now.Now to the point. At a  pretty low price you will  recive a pretty long free roam game. The combat is 2D with the exception of fighters. It's a mix between space and naval combat (spaceSHIPS, ya know). Incredible beatufil graphics, low system requirements(my gpu burned out so I'm playing this on a GT630 on max settings without AA), very few minor bugs that are crushed by the devs with ultra light speed (I had an issue with my ship, I posted the bug, the dev req. the save, I provided, in 30 min the dev sent a modified save my way and posted that the fix will be in the next patch).If you enjoyed : Starpoint Gemini 2, Space rangers 2, X3, X2, Freelancer, Homeworld, Sins of a solar empire, etc.... aka good quality, gorgeous space games, this is a game that can stand beside them in feeling and level of detail. Also it's f___ing AMAZING that the main team is made out of 2 TWO developers. Incredible. This game is almost AAA quality. First time I see such a great game launched by an indie team.The game is on a niche of it's own. Not many like this, although a little similarity with Starpoint Gemini 2.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND GETTING THIS AT FULL PRICE."
76561198006877442,Recommended,290300,23361815,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Mandrell,"this game is decent.  it has pretty good rpg elements with all the ship upgrades.  the combat is a little odd with the broadside weapons, but you get used to it.  the diffculty progression is pretty good as well.  if areas are too hard, upgrading your ship can help you to get through them.  actually, achieving the ships and upgrades were the funnest part of the game for me.   the story line is a little short.  i completed it in about 34 hours.  i could have done that quicker, but i opted to get the biggest ship before completing the final mission.  you can keep playing after you complete the story line, but there really isnt more to acheive or more content to experience.  get it while its on sale. its deffinately worth $10."
76561197974176818,Recommended,290300,29094567,Posted: 7 January,all,Genocide is Fun,"Fun space RPG game with tons of side missions, exploration, and ship options."
,Recommended,290300,18597756,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,SidKiller,"Humm a  new space  shoter  game . well ill buy it and  play it  till i figure out it no freespace  or x-wing and move on .Wait a tick this game  is fantastic. played  11  hours straight  something  iv  not done to a new game in yearsIf you are interested  in space cowboys with guns comeing out the wazoo , kick♥♥♥♥♥music , MORE than solid game mechaincs  , chalange  , diversity in tackticks , huge coustimization , running  a game in 4k with almost 0 FPS  lag spikes  ( this is amazing of and in itself  considering the explosions on screen )  Then stop reading and go buy the game right  now"
76561198040557124,Recommended,290300,18603417,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Lazero,"Excellent game.  feels ellite lite. Combat is really fun. Universe is alive, also I feel the draw to be a bad♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197993234180,Recommended,290300,23140995,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Romble,"Very good game in a genre that has some terrible games. If you like an open world , spaceships with some good variety, good combat and not overwhelming to learn and get comfoirtable with then this is your game. Some space games are just very complicated or difficult I liked the fact that the combat was sort of like being in a boat with broadside combat. You dont have to worry about adjusting your height and just worry about direction and distance. You can also do the trading and mining thing to gain power but that gameplay is not for me. Mining is dull in my opinion.It's light on story and background info but that is fine with me. The graphics are good, sound effects good, music excellent, voice acting good but limited. Solid game all around, worth the price. no brainer if on sale. Pick it up."
76561197968895736,Recommended,290300,23339748,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Ras,"It's still on sale for another 30 hours = get it if you need/want a fun game, basically. Well worth the $9.99, entertainment wise.This does not have an indie vibe or feel to me at all. It's very polished looking. The only reason I know it's an ""Indie"" title is because of the other reviews. It's a solid production.Pretty fun so far = If you go into it realizing that for $9.99 you could get a six pack or good beer or a movie ticket for a 2 hours show, the value is apparent. I'm happy with the purchase and I've just scratched the surface.It's not the be-all-end-all, but if you need a new game to jam on till No Man's Skizzle comes out, you're winning if you pick this up for $9.99 = thumbs up"
76561198032121178,Not Recommended,290300,23348261,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,lancebagshaw,"The game is not very good. There is a lot of interesting stuff happening from the open world missions to some of the RPG dialogue, but the dialog is about the only thing rpg like.  I might keep playing to try the bigger ships, but combat really isn't fun, you sit in your big ship and chase around smaller fighters with your turrets while waiting for an opportunity to broadside the bigger ships.  There will be damage reported to your ship but hard to tell what it actually means, until you blow up.  Flying makes getting between missions a bit of a bore."
76561198076771467,Not Recommended,290300,32715935,Posted: 24 June,all,antlucasexe,"I can see how some people would enjoy this game, but for me it just felt way too dated. Its not as complex as I'd imagined it would be. There are very few ships or ship upgrades to choose from, the combat handles very poorly for my tastes and its not very open-world for a space game. Add to that the fact that you can only fly left or right, not up or down, and this game just wasn't for me.Not the successor to Freelancer that I was hoping for. The search goes on."
76561198018875788,Recommended,290300,18702035,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,The Loyalist,"A solid, easy-to-learn, free roaming space game."
,Recommended,290300,18649573,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Pinkeh,An absolute joy to play. I'm a space pirate.
76561198015028451,Not Recommended,290300,29859830,Posted: 11 February,all,SCE_Inigo,"Having grown up on games like Decent: Freespace, Freelancer, EVE online, X3, etc. A bountying hunting/trading/spacesim that only occupies a single plane of flight is just weird. It doesnt feel right at all, all this space, and I can only navigate left or right? No up or down.Trading was so-so, once you get a good method down, you just rake money in. Got boring real fast.If you are a die-hard space-sim fan, I wouldnt recommend this game at all. It doesnt really feel like one at all."
,Recommended,290300,26446475,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,My name is not important,"I freakinglooooooooovethis game's music.It feels so badass. I can't get bored of it :D----------------------The first assasin's creed I played was Black Flag. I loved that game and played it for hours and hours.It convinced me to get the rest of the series, so I bought one and two. I was about to buy AC3, but then I thought ""pace yourself, dude""Then I was muddling through civilians, looking for a yellow dude.Then I was slowly walking through a city.Then I was riding a horse.Then muddling through crowds again.And then it hit me. It was the ship that was the fun part.This game takes quite a few pointers from that game, but retains enough of its own to feel relatable, but different.Missions are a bit repetitive if all you're doing are bounties, but it changes up when you enter a new system.Now. Two things I really liked about this game were:1- It's not another freaking roguelike, and no permadeath if you didn't save. You'll lose all progress from when you last docked, tho, so keep that in mind. If you can dock, dock.2- Your equipment costs as much when you sell it as when you buy it, so you can swap equipment and experiment without having to fear losing money. Which means that finding a weapon in a crate is always great, no matter if it's usable or not.Anyway. I tend to like more the in-cockpit space shooters, but those have the really annoying tendency to make enemies turn circles with you.Oh yeah. Did I mention that your turrets fire automatically, but can be aimed manually? that's good stuff.Oh man. This music."
,Not Recommended,290300,29144655,Posted: 9 January,all,Aro2220,"It has a firefly theme to it (the music especially). Which is awesome.Game plays on a 2D plane. You basically fly around doing missions (basically kill missions, or fly into a bunch of guys and take something and leave while they try to kill you missions). As you fly around you get blockaded by enemies who you have to fly through/around to get back to warp. As you fly around you also run into distress beacons you can go to and either fall into a trap or come to someone's aid while they are getting killed.Basically killing is the only real solution to anything in this game. I think that's it's major weakness.The commodities market is pretty lame. You can only put a few things in your holds and most stores never sell enough of anything to fill your holds to do proper buy/sell trading. And even if they did, it's almost never going to be all of the good stuff with a good price. Otherwise this system could be pretty fun if it was balanced and actually changed with supply/demand.All in all it's fun for a while. Then it gets grindy. Then it gets really grindy. Then you use cheats and give yourself all the money you want. Then you go out and realize there's nothing else to the game and you quit.If you can get this for $5, I'd buy it for some over simplified naval combat in space with the firefly theme to it. But while this game engine is good enough for some pretty awesome gameplay....sadly, it is pretty void of good content.Almost great."
,Not Recommended,290300,18695413,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Daishi,"Good game for the money with some major drawbacks.Pros:- Great atmosphere- Enjoyable Costumization- Enjoyable Fights but (see cons)- Good difficulty balance- Nice random events but (see cons)- Great soundtrack- Beautiful universe and ship designCons:-Fights get stale fast and are in terms of tactical depthness pretty bleak after a short while.Enemys get spawned in around you which is a huge letdown. The fighst needed features like e.x. Take cover behind asteroids to avoid incoming fire from enemy, Take cover behind enemy ships to avoid fire. Maybe features like cloaking (you can detect every ship with a simples can, th game needs a system like world of warships), sideway boosts or big space battles with way more ships but a tactical feature to command and order friendly ships to win battles. (stop the game like the scannermode give us a overview and command features)- Market system is to simple after a while and it should add new goods if you get to new systems or have individual goods that you can sell in different systems and more economical possibilitys.- Random events like distress calls or bountys are great but two features get boring pretty fast- Events on planets have a good impact on the econemy features but some events don't effect the prices as much as they should in my opinion.- Rewards for e.x. destroying big battleships or pirate kings are inconsistent and don't scale properly- And last but not least my most important complain:The missions are too similar and there are only a handful of Story missions. The pretext of the Mainstory is good but it feels like the WHOLE CAMPAIGN should be only the FIRST CHAPTER of the whole story unfolding. Everything feels impersonal. You are traveling space for years and you have interaction with 4 notacible Characters in the whole game if you count all mercenarys as one character of interest.I'm aware that this is a fairly small project from a very small developer team but the wasted potential on this game is making my head spin. So for now, as regrettable as it is, I can't wholeheartly recommend for you to buy this game."
,Not Recommended,290300,29868054,Posted: 12 February,all,Stilljester,"THE GOOD:This is a game that is visually beautiful, with great graphics and sound.  For instance, the details on damage your hull takes is, for lack of a better word, gorgeous.  High production values all around.THE BAD:Wow, I just can't get into the gameplay at ALL.  Take all the parts that aren't fun about World of Warcraft, and combine them with all the parts that aren't fun about X3: Reunion.-Shallow RPG elements.  Shallow dialogue choices.  Shallow, linear plotline buried in a sandbox game.-An ""open world sandbox"" that is mostly empty, and is in TWO dimensions.  (This is a space game.)-Grinding the same bounty quests over and over for money for upgrades.-Combat is similar to space battles in Star Trek Online, but shallower, with less strategy and fewer options.  I kept wishing for the officer abilities of STO to give it some variance.-3/4th of the enemy you face are starfighters, which you have to bat away with your turrets. Fighters move in three dimensions; you do not.  To help you hit them, your reticule locks onto them and follows them around.  So you're pretty much just flying in a circle and holding down the fire button.  Against 3/4 of the enemies you face.-Oh, and by the way, you know that cool ""Evil Ways"" song in the preview movie on the store page?  Well, you'll think it's alot less cool when you start playing because that song (in rotation with perhaps two others) is your constant companion as you amble around the universe looking for mobs to grind.THE VERDICT:Dull.  There isn't much more to this game than the combat, and I can tell the combat is supposed to feel a lot more exciting than it does.  When you streamline something to a certain degree, it moves past ""stream-lined"" and ventures into the dangerous realm of ""dumbed-down.""  The combat feels dumbed-down, the trading feels dumbed-down, and the RPG elements feel dumbed-down. After playing for about an hour and a half, all I want to do is reinstall X3 so I can play a game that does all of these elements correctly.  Glad I got this at a discount, but I still wish I could take this purchase back."
76561198042460529,Not Recommended,290300,23915484,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ovm_33,"Everything about this game makes me want to like it. But... I just can't.Pro's:Combat is goodBest soundtrack I've ever heard in a game. It's PERFECT for the game. Seriously, props.Has a Firefly vibe to it.Con's:Hard to gauge tough an enemy is until it's too lateLittle too ""grindy"" for my tastesI don't like putting a no recommendation on this game. It's a great game, just not a great game for me. And the music is really fantastic."
,Recommended,290300,18827002,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,TheSilverHammer,"This is yet another game where I wish I could give a middle rank, neither a yes or a no, but a ""meh"" rating too, however since the game is cheap, and has very good production values, and is fun for a little while, Ill give it the up vote.Anyway, you can watch some videos to see what kind of game this is about, however, Ill just get into some of my gripes with the game design.Some minor issues that annoy me:1.  Missions are over scripted and in a way are not realistic.  For example, every time you have do a trade-guild mission to ship some specific cagro from point A to B, you will ALWAYS be intercepted.  There is ALWAYs trouble.   Now if this were the only problem, I could overlook this.  The actual problem is that the REAL trade mission is to actually destroy the guys who intercept you.  Case and point, I took a very lucrative delivery mission that took place in  the same system.  It was rated as HIGH risk.   I figued I could run away.  My mission is to deliver something, not kill things?  RIght?  Oh no, quite wrong.   So I am getting close to the station I need to make my delivery to, and as usual, the trap is sprung and a bunch of ships appear from all directions and they pull you out of ""warp"".    So what do I do? I escape, I use my after burners and get enough distance and jump back into warp.  I make it like 5 clicks and the same trap happens again.  I do this 2 more times and each time the trap is reset and sprung again which is just terrible game design.  The only solution is to kill the ambush.  All mission types that are not supposed to be directly about combat workout the same way.2.  You can have missles as weapons, the problem with them is that you do not have a lot of ammo, which makes sense.  However, if you are an NPC, then you have infinite ammo.  I once had a ship that shot waves of missiles the killed my engines.  The didn't do any damage to my ship or shields, but I couldn't move.  It just sat there for like 10 minutes keeping me pinned.  I had to Alt-F4 to recover because if you exit normally, it would save your game and I would have been stuck forever.3.  No quick save.Ok, enough of the small sutff.  Why did I stop playing this game without finishing the main story?  What is the big thing that is wrong with the game design?Basically it is repetivie and boring.  Combat is boring.  Flying around in space warping everwhere is boring.  Each star system is randomly generated, but they are all very generic and you can't really tell the difference other than this sone might have a yellow sun and the other one has a blue sun.   There is nothing to explore or find.  Its all the same, everywhere.Now maybe if you LOVE space games you may get a lot more milage out of it then I did, but after about 20 hours the game felt more like work then fun."
,Recommended,290300,20855355,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Loke,"This is the most Firefly game I have ever played.No z-axis though, which is sad, but the ""naval"" gameplay makes up for it.On the upside, amazing soundtrack."
76561198152093350,Recommended,290300,19595427,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Zachybanana,"cant, stop, playing"
76561198007138872,Recommended,290300,21632971,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,josiahwalters,This was such a fun game. Loved it. Easy to get into not super complicated. Easy to just sit down and jump into.
,Recommended,290300,20926231,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,xenomorph,skeet
76561198078574818,Recommended,290300,20944392,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Alexei Greshenko,"Rebel Galaxy is a thoroughly enjoyable space RPG-style game.  The game page and other reviews do a good job of providing more detail on the gameplay, so I won't waste too much time covering that.  Basically, it's a naval combat game in space (movement is in 2D only).  That being said, this style in no way detracts from the game's value.  You spend your time doing missions, mining, trading, and/or hunting bounties to make money which goes toward upgrading your ship.  There is also a ""main campaign"" that takes you through a simple yet adequately interesting story.  On the downside, the factions are a bit bland (as is mentioned in several other reviews) and there really doesn't seem to be much replayability (at least I personally have no desire to replay now that I've beaten the game).If you want to pew-pew other spaceships in a beautifully rendered, decent sized ""universe"" while listening to an admittedly catchy soundtrack (seemingly ranging in influence from CCR to Pearl Jam at times) then this game is worth looking into.  It runs smoothly with no bugs or glitches (for me, anyway).  Ultimately, I found the game experience to be well worth the cost.8.5/10"
,Recommended,290300,21000814,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,LovelyTigress,"Goregeous and exciting gameplay, with intense action and a soundtrack that gives the perfect atmoshpere."
76561197970522809,Recommended,290300,21003652,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Alilua,"It's a fun little space game. It's no replacement for freelancer, but pretty fun. You can only pilot the lager ships and they are rather limited. The bloom and lens flare can be a tad too high at times. And large ships can't fly along the z-axis. Still looks nice. For the price I would recommend this game, but be caution this is a budget game and it shows. Combat is fun and simple. Works with the steam controller. 7/10"
,Recommended,290300,21005517,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Defective_Monk,"Definitely fun, I won't lie. It has interesting mechanics until you get to know them, at which time, it can make even the more difficult battles a bit trivial. I also think the mid-game suffers a bit. Running around just to get money in order to rank up weapons, defenses and components was perhaps the most boring part of the game. I did like the story, though and it was fun finishing things up. It's a great game for flying around and shooting down space pirates... or being a space pirate yourself.  :)"
,Recommended,290300,18705268,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Troubled Viking,"Rebel Galaxy is a light hearted space sim, borrowing ideas from games such as Sid Mier's Pirates! and others. Graphically styled like Galaxy on Fire and Torchlight, it's a pretty game that runs smoothly other than when using the warp gate (no big issue really, they're used infrequently). Controls work nicely with both mouse/KB or controller. The game offers plenty of ship customisation, do you want to be a ship of the line with massive broadsides? Or perhaps a gunboat bristling with turrets? Maybe you want to long-haul goods across the system? Heaps of options for you to try out.My only real negatives so far;1) Not enough music, the music in the game is AMAZING, but the sound track needs to be a little longer I think2) Stop dropping me out of super-cruise etc when near asteroids etc, if I can visually plot a safe way through a field, then let me. :DSeriously though, this game is amazing value for $18, if you like space sim-lite, this is your game, or just want to blow up ships across the galaxy, look no futher.9/10, definately recomend."
76561197971113305,Recommended,290300,18687965,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,agentfatmen,"Assassins Creed 3 had me begging for ship to ship combate and I had thought Assassins Creed 4 had filled that gap, I was wrong. This game has all the marks of a AAA title for an indy price. I have played this game for almost 30 hours and I am still scratching at the main story.The best part is how the feel of the galaxy and the music makes me feel like I am playing Cowboy Bebop. For once I don't want to turn off the music."
76561198052259604,Recommended,290300,20919035,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Lord Redsavage,Absolutely incredible. Got this on the recommendation of a friend and am infinitely happy i did! 10/10 would bang again.
76561198064062309,Recommended,290300,21124926,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,kevandsim,"The best way to describe this is its Elite, the zx spectrum version.If you prefer your space adventures in a more arcade style and dont want to have to worry about transference of power between your weapons sytems and your engine in a dogfight and dont want to have to ask for permission to land or indeed to land at all, then this is for you. Although, even if you do enjoy those things  (i do and love Elite) but fancy a more point and go approach rather than a proper sim for a while then you will enjoy this."
76561198093698806,Recommended,290300,18654033,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Doc Savage,"If you wrote a book and titled it ""How to have a fun day to the point of forgetting to pee""...All you would have to do is put another cover over a copy of this game and add a foreward.""Do you want to run this ship..?""Well you can...I wonder if Jane is trying right now.Not a real time anything player, but not a single regret with this one. 26 out of 10."
,Recommended,290300,18653508,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,TheAmazingTaco,"This story is not 30-40 hours to complete -.- takes maybe a max of ten.   I would love to see more difficult missions, currently the ship I am in has no threat to it which would be nice to see if you ever get around to introducing more content.  Overall the game is very pretty but the story is very dry in terms of content.   The ending just feels like a scavanger hunt and the final battle can be won without having to fire a shot of your own.   Overall I love the game but would greatly appreciate some more endgame things to go explore or fights similar in strength to the end boss.  I am recomending it because I love the game to death."
76561198075388053,Recommended,290300,19799030,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Klishar,"Well, just finished my first game of this, so I figured it was time for a review. So, where to start?Well, I'll start basic. This game is basically what it looks like: a space trucker sim with combat that is similar to the ship-to-ship combat in Assassins Creed: Black Flag, with the primary weapons being broadside cannons and turrets. If you've heard that this game starts out kinda crappy, you heard right. The starting ship (a Hammerhead called the ""Rasputin"") is exactly what the intro cinematic says it is: a near-derelict ship with lousy hull & shielding, and the cannons are more akin to pop guns than actual weapons.But that's the whole point, isn't it? You build yourself up by killing baddies, taking quests, maybe mining some, although I personally avoided mining as much as I could in this game. (Too boring.) The idea is to earn enough cash so you can spend it on upgrading your ship's weapons, shields and armor to the point that enemies that once gave you a mountain of trouble will now regret ever♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you off... right before their ships explode and you suck up whatever cargo they dropped.[As an extra note, some games may think it's cool to have increased prices for purchases, lowered prices for sales. Not this one! Here, if you purchase a turret for 5,000 credits and then decide to sell it later (possibly because you'd just picked up a better version), you'll still receive 5,000 credits back. Same goes for hull, shield, and engine upgrades.]And of course you'll want to swap out your starting ship for a better one as quickly as possible. One with more turret slots, more broadside cannons, more cargo space, and a better hull. You'll also want to purchase some special components for your ship, like Heat Management which reduces the amount of heat your turrets generate when firing, allowing them to fire more often.Which brings me to weapon setups. When it comes to setting up your strategy, your first perrogative will be to find a setup which works for you. Personally, I ran with Tachyon broadsides for their fast rate of fire, Heatseekers for secondary weapons, and my turret of choice was the Pulse variant for their range & damage per shot, although I do recommend equipping a Korian Viridian laser cannon if you happen to find one. (I managed to find two, one a Mrk 2, the other a Mrk 5 late in the game.)Your second concern will be learning how best to maneuver in a high-tension battle. This is a 2D arena, so you won't have to worry about capital ships hitting you from above or below. But fighters will swarm around you, attempting to knock out your shields so their bigger cousins can finish you off. And by the way, your shields deplete based on which side gets hit, meaning that if you take too many hits to starboard, your starboard hull will be exposed and vulnerable; take too many hits to starboard after that, you're a goner. Oh yeah, I've had a couple of deaths where the shields were still strong on everywhere except where the enemy was currently hitting me en masse.Here's my pro strategy though: when engaged in a pitched battle, move out to the sidelines to draw the fighters away and have your turrets take those out first. After which, you'll want to position yourself so the capital ships will be on only one side at a time. Then throttle down so that you can turn faster as needed. Just keep fire broadsides at them while your turrets provide backup, and when your shields on that side start to lose their charge, turn around so the other side will be facing them and then repeat the procedure.However, there is something I should mention: up until the third star system, your main obstacle is pirates who fire nothing but regular rounds and missiles at you. Once you get to the third system, however, you'll meet the Greel. These guys (both their fighters and their capital ships) feature Leech weapons which fire EMP missiles at you. And these things  not only do a good amount of damage to your shields, but they do a number on your engines as well. So your best bet is to get the EMP Ablation component (what the hell kind of word is that?) so that EMP weapons won't cause quite as much trouble.Nevertheless, a well-upgraded ship can handle just about anything. Just find the style and setup that works best for you and get out there. Just remember if things start to go♥♥♥♥♥♥up, there ain't no shame in making a run for it. All the money in the galaxy won't comfort you if you're dead.As the game itself, it's single player only and can be played offline if you please. Although you won't be able to make progress on achievements without being online, I found out. Also, the musical tracks they used in this game, while good, can get really repetitive; I ended up muting it. And if there's one gameplay feature I'm iffy about, it's that the best lasers in the game (the Korian Viridians) are random drops, no way to purchase them in a spaceport.There's also the issue with communications with the npcs in the game: they're pretty limited. Not to mention that the pirates seem to have trouble realizing when they're outmatched and that surrender would be in their best interest. Like I'll be flying an Arcturus-class Destroyer (which is strongly reminiscent of the Imperial Star Destroyer from Star Wars) armed to the teeth with top-notch weapons and they'll still be talking♥♥♥♥♥♥.. right up until I blow them to smithereens.And speaking of the AI, there's the escort missions. Now, the way it works is that you fly to a location, approach the client, and hold down E to Pair Warp. What that does is that the AI takes full control of your ship, keeping it alongside the ship even as you two go into warp. Noble in itself but it can lead to some annoying results. For one, when two ships are alongside each other, a human would say that the best course of action is to throttle down and turn right to line up with the client; the AI meanwhile turns your ship left, causing your back section to collide with the client's. And why is it that every escort mission has to start in an asteroid field or a ice field? Because just now I had a mission start in an ice field, I was flying a dreadnaught and it took 5-10 minutes just to get started! The AI kept maneuvering us around the ice field, taking me one direction him another. And just when I thought we were getting out of this mess, it had the client move back into the field, prolonging this mess. I had to break warp pairing, and move my ship out of the ice field myself just to get us going.Was I annoyed by all of this? Yeah, I'd say it goes without saying that I was.Then there are the missions where you fly in and save someone from enroaching hostiles. There's a good chance they'll get themselves blown up because they decided to fly into the middle of a pack of hostiles. And as Harrison Ford said in The Last Crusade ""Are you crazy?!? Don't go between 'em!!""All in all though, it's a good game, well-worth the asking price. Combat can get a little challenging at times (especially with the Greel I mentioned above) but it's easy to learn & of moderate difficulty to master, just the way I like it. And if all that wasn't enough, the developers also made sure to include a risk analysis for each mission that adjusts based upon anticipated enemy strength against that of your own. And while not all the ship designs are prize-winners, there are some really good ones.So yes, I definitely recommend this game. It's cheap, it's challenging, and it'll last a long time. Hell, there're some triple-A titles that won't last as long as this game will! [cough, cough... Star Wars Battlefront: EA... cough, cough]"
,Recommended,290300,20609046,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,AbuChris,"The brief review:What did I do?It took me 27 hours to complete the storyline, and then I took another 2 hours to get into a dreadnought, just to see what it felt like. I played it to complete it, and not to just fly around and experience the ""universe"". The story is bland at best, but it serves as a waypoint reference to guide you.I went the way of the mercenary and did fighting missions almost exclusively. This got.. bland after awhile. I found a method of fighting and stuck to it, simply upgrading the same types of weapons from Mk1, Mk2, Mk3 etc... blandWhat didn't I do?trade. Boring..How was it?I guess it was SORTA worth the time? I mean it feels like fleet combat with broadsides, and certain weapons are more fun than others. If you like grinding reputation, killing pirates and stuff, this is not a bad game.The soundtrack is brilliant, the graphics are nice, and the overall aesthetic is worth your viewing pleasure.But it is NOT an epic space opera. It's the 2d platforming brother of something like Elite.But that just makes it a good place to start if you're not sure if you're going to like that type of game, since this one does away with all the tedious ""realistic"" parts :)It's a tentative recommendation. Go into this if you want an arcadey space sim with great music."
,Recommended,290300,20598670,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,JustinMacG,"Honestly this makes me feel like I'm Malcom Reynolds from firefly. It has the same feel and soundtrack that you would expect from a ""firefly"" type game. I like it. just havent been able to devote the time needed to truely flesh it out. but from what i have played is fun. Definately worth a go if you like Space/RPG-like games."
76561198109917681,Recommended,290300,20480717,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,wherenolightfalls,"this game reminds me alot of freelancer.of course it is much newer and looks pretty good.i love the gameplay.i love that its fairly polished too.after having finished the plot and having bought pretty much most of the ships in the game and weapons. my major complaints are as follows.it is really just hunt and quest.their could be A LOT more weapons and ships, the lack of weapon options especially.after a certain point this game becomes FAR to easy.it also only has about 50 hours of good gameplay, id like at least 100."
76561198251129410,Recommended,290300,21357884,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Reinergard,"Good game, Nice graphics and good controls(using keyboard) might be confusing sometimes as it takes a while to get used to it."
,Recommended,290300,18655148,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Full Metal Deus,"This game is pretty good. Simplistic space sim with a simple economy, simple gameplay and really good looking ships. My only complaint is that I would like a larger selection of ships but what is available at the moment is great anyway. 9/10, Would advise you to buy."
,Recommended,290300,18841695,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Spawnpoint,"One of my favorite games of the year!This game reminds me of a simple, single-player version of EVE Online.While there is a basic main story line, the game really allows you to do whatever you want.It’s not uncommon for me to hear a distress call, save the mining vessel from a fleet of enemy ships, then scan the barge and realize I need what he has and destroy him anyway. Even worse, sell him some items then destroy him to get them back after being paid. All while trying to maintain a good standing with certain factions.The music is top notch. I could listen to it all day and it really sets the scene as a free-lance/cowboy pilot.Visually it is also wonderful. While not on the same level as EVE its enjoyable to fly through.The combat is unique (in a good way). It is a hybrid between targeting and letting your AI handle the work and manually aiming and shooting. I like this a bit more than the EVE combat system.The developers are also on-point. Very active in the community and make promises they can keep.Overall I would give this game a solid 8 out of 10. Well worth the money for any gamer who likes space action or adventures."
,Recommended,290300,18686431,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,GameNative,"Took a little getting used to at first, but within the first half hour I'm hooked. Definitely worth checking out if you're a fan of space combat."
76561198036466861,Recommended,290300,18696432,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,[七色]Valcruze,"Awesome piece of work, for a low price.For just $20. You get to be a space cowboy, a space ruffian,space trader, spaceorgan seller or space badass. In a space ship in space. You can be all of it or none of above, in space."
,Recommended,290300,18618520,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Bedivere,"Very much a spiritual successor to Freelancer, just with larger ships.  I would love to see multiplayer and modder support for this game, lot of potential in those areas."
76561198069513316,Recommended,290300,18626097,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,riggingchimp,"This game is simply amazing and I have been waiting forever for something like this.We have the sandbox gaming aspect from the likes of Freelancer, as well as its easy arcade controls.We have the edge of space Frontier flavour of Firefly.And...WE HAVE CAPITAL SHIPS!The feeling of screaming past another frigate at full burn and unleashing a punishing broadside with your tachyon cannons, whilst your lasers turrets & EMP flak shred incoming fighters; is one of sheer joy.There is literally nothing I dislike about this game thus far, the look, feel and sound of it are all amazing.You NEED this game!"
,Recommended,290300,18592342,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,LiamOwenWolfe,"We all know that nothing is perfect... but this game is as close as you are going to get for quite some time. Do not focus on any of the 'faults' and rather just enjoy this awesome (full sense of the word) game.The mechanics, the artstyle, the story, the gameplay, the music! are all really fantastic. It runs super smooth when maxed out at 1080p on my 6 year old core2quad 2.4ghz 8gig RAM Windows 10 PC, with a GTX 660 2gig graphics card.You can not go wrong with this one."
,Recommended,290300,18755665,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Kryptikk,"pretty bad azz. Love the music, makes for a good experience. Missions could be better.  and yes, firefly, sorta.."
,Recommended,290300,18727238,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Failtasmagoria,"I am going to make this as simple as possible:PROS* Awesome soundtrack!* It's like Firefly, with aliens...* Lots of ships, lots of gear!* There is a story, but it's not required to enjoy the game!* Combat is fast and furious.* Lots of potential for future content.* Random galaxy with each new character.CONS* It's space, but it's not a 3D experience... wut?* No multiplayer... here's a suggestion: Rebel Galaxy: Empires (MMO)* Travel is very time consuming which means a long grind for good gear.* While the soundtrack is awesome, the limited number of tracks becomes repetitive.* Ship customization/personalization is unavailable (paintjobs)* Combat can be a bit chaotic at times. I find, by the time I get to precise targeting, the battle is over.* No crew or ship boarding. No hijacking of other ships.* It feels empty at times... I have a HUGE ship. Where are my crew? Better crew, better performance?All in all, I am 8 hours into the game and JUST traveled to the second system. It's very easy to get lost in just existing in the galaxy without ever chasing the storyline. RG has incredible potential to be one of those games that I just play when I have nothing else to do. I can jump on, do a few missions, and jump off. I can play one character as a law abiding merchant that helps others and keeps their nose clean, and then start another character to join up with pirates and be a menace to the galaxy. There are many missed opportunities (3D galaxy, multiplayer, crews, explorable stations, actual character creation, etc) but there is a lot of room for them to expand on the game in the future. As it stands currently, it is a game I will use as a time filler when I just want to kick back, relax, and enjoy a stress-free gaming experience."
76561198006243109,Recommended,290300,18607191,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Ronin75,"Wow! This game came from the side line and left me stunned. A great Space Action Flick, with a good story and lots of ships and upgrades. Reminds me a lot of Freelancer.The sound track alone is worth the money.PS: If you are a Browncoat, you will love this game ;)"
76561198011387574,Recommended,290300,18780152,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Ormagon666,This game althought not very time consuming on the story side is an absolute masterpice the bradside combat is fun and refreshing the idea of locking all capitals (including you) on 1 plane while fighters and gunships orbit around you give its a truely satisfying feelIf not for anything else this game is worth the money on music alone witch works grat together with the games feel to give u a true spacecowboy feel.Also once i got the blackgate dreadnought fully equiped and rdy for battle it made me giggle like a 7 year old at an all u can eat candy buffet..... im 24....
76561197970753965,Recommended,290300,21532684,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Fuzzba11,"Love being a space cowboy in Rebel Galaxy, it just feels good to fly around and fight other ships!Graphics are amazing even on my mid-level system, my jaw dropped when I first loaded up the game. My laptop has a hard time running it though.Great pacing, lots of things to do; explore the solar systems, smuggle cargo between space stations, start fights with space pirates and steal their cargo, sell loot and upgrade your weapons...buy a new ship once you've saved up enough.I also like how you can customize your ship to fit different playstyles, there's no wrong answer, combat always feels intense and rewarding. Outfit long range cannons and missles to snipe opponents from afar, for medium range fightfights use blaster turrets and rockets, or cover your ship in lasers to cut ships apart up close!You also get to pick whether you prefer a huge tank-like ship or a sleek corvette, customize your speed and durability based on your play style.There are no levels, the more money you make the better ships and equipment you can afford, so buy trade items low, stock your hold with valuables, and sell to the buyers offering the most at the commodity markets at the space stations.One other thing I love is the music. Not only does it come with great music by default, you can use your own MP3 collection, and it will change songs for Ambient, Combat, Idle, Menu, and Space Station. So I made folders for each music type, copied songs that fit the mood into the folders, and added those folders to the game's music library. So when I'm cruising through space I can enjoy some low key Beck and Radiohead, but when a fight breaks out the game will start blasting Green Day or the Klaxons!Buy it! Don't even hesitate, don't even worry, don't even give it a second thought."
76561198027598348,Recommended,290300,25000278,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,MonkeyEmperor,"Apparently the developers binged on Firefly and Cowboy Bebop whilst listening to blues music and playing Assasins Creed Black Flag at the same time. The result? Godamn awesome !What you get for your oh so reasonable price is superb broadside based combat set in a really cool and beleivable universe. After receiveing a message from your Aunt to meet her at a rendesvous point you are given the keys to an old junker of a ship and from thereon out you are free to make your own destiny.You can take various mission types from stations, play the commodities market, Mine, Fight, run blockades to make a killing on Illegal goods and pretty much follow your own path.The Broadside combat is superb and made SO much better by the outstanding soundtrack. Fit your ship with broadside weapons, turrets, lasers, dumbfire missiles in whatever configuration you deem fit. All weapons have varying pros and cons with degrees of shield or hull penetration. Although the combat is on a fixed plane it really needs to be as I could see myself vomiting if I was trying to broadside in full 360 degree combat like in Elite.Your secondary weapons can be set to various fire modes dependent on their speciality vs different targets or just set to fire on everything as I have done at present. Some are better vs fighters and missiles, some are better vs capital ships.If you get sick of your space junker there are a nice selection of lethal looking ships all with their own pros and cons. This title heartilty deserves its good reputation so if you are looking for a fun and intelligent spaced based action game then dont throw your money at No Mans Sky (spit, eck) as this is a billion times better than that title will ever be."
76561198060340254,Recommended,290300,24705514,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Comrade Commissar,"I never write reviews, and I only do so for games that I think are that much fun, that I need to tell everyone!Rebel Galaxy is a weird thing, it combines ""naval"" combat with space ships and quite some options to (role) play the game.The combat, is in one word, different. You fly in 2D space, as the rest of the capital ships do, and only the lighter fighters are able to fly everywhere, but you only fly capital ships.If you want someone to explain on how you should tackle the combat in this game, then dont read this, I think you should totally find that out yourself. There are some really powerfull combinations but almost everything works together if you set it up logically.In ways how to play the game, there are different factions.the Citizens are what the name says, these people just want to live and inhabit most of the stations.The Militia are a military 'police' faction, taking down pirates but also stopping illegal trading.The Merchant Guild and Mercenaries Guild are a thing of their own. The Merchants are traders and specialize in getting cargo through the system. You can join them if you want to focus on trading with stations, because the trading and goods system in this game is quite fleshed out!The Mercenaries supply contracts to you if you join them, also giving you access to better equipment, like most factions do in the game when you join them. They work with and against everyone, its up to you what you choose.Then there are quite alot of Pirate and Raider factions, you'll meet the Red Devils and Double Jack's first, and you can join them if you play your missions right and work against their enemies, though all of them start out hostile to you.There is alot more to tell, but you can find it out for yourself. I still havent beat the main story, as i'm to busy working for my chosen faction, which is alot of fun.If you can get this on sale, defenitely get it, otherwise its still a pretty good deal!"
,Recommended,290300,18654427,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,weegee,Quite fun and addictive game. Not very complex once you're used to somewhat weird combat system where you need to position your craft like it's some XVII century caravella to fire your cannons.
76561198072335265,Recommended,290300,24747765,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Qtard,"This has to be one of the most under-rated games I have ever played. Sure it could be better- the whole 2D plane thing, and I am personally not a procedurally-generated world fan... but SO ADDICTIVE. And probably top 3 soundtracks of all time. Overall it creates a fantastic balance of Country/outlaw feel with a space exploration background"
,Recommended,290300,20879303,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Melkor,"Really enjoyed this game.  I actually like the combat with the focus on broadside battles and only fighter craft going above or below the action.  The atmosphere in the game reminds me of Firefly a lot, reinforced by the number of hostile threats that are encountered.  I'm really hoping an expansion or sequel will come out for this in the future and would gladly put down money for another game like this."
,Recommended,290300,18645895,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Tag Wolf,"Best space trading, combat, and mining game I've ever played. And I can play the entire thing using a controller!?Devs, you did it right, this is EXACTLY the way to integrate complex and interesting mechanics in a non-overwhelming and fun way. I hope you sell millions!Get this game now."
76561197999923414,Recommended,290300,23355437,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Derisions,"Very easy to get into, casual to play, with enough depth to keep you interested and keep coming back for more. I found the game mechanics to make sense, the controls easy enough to figure out with explanations  what controls do what in the menu. This isn't Elite Dangerous or something hardcore and it's not meant to be. As example, to keep the fighting engaging and keep tactics interesting, the game employs an old style sailing ships battling by broadsides method of combat. I've read some reviews noting this as a bad or lazy mechanism... I found it wonderfully engaging and allowing battles to feel epic. I'm able to pick the game up after weeks of not playing and jump right in. Fun times! The soundtrack is absolutely fantastic to boot."
76561197997012077,Recommended,290300,23354956,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Honfo,"First game in a long while I wanted to sit and play and play and play and play. Great artwork, cool music, awesome simplistic battles. I was actually hammered when I beat the game. If you like space, blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up, and firefly this game is for you."
76561198040235815,Recommended,290300,21665407,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,quartzer,Dat music!
,Recommended,290300,21263464,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,xSniper1982,"Finished the Main Campaign so figured I'd write a quick review.It won't be in depth, but it might help you choose whether to purchase.This game is REALLY good fun, there are multiple factions and Guilds that you can work for, whether you want to be a Trader, Pirate, Mercenary.The combat is really smooth and fun, graphics are beautiful and the soundtrack.. OMFG the soundtrack....By far the best Soundtrack of any game in the last 5 years.Interesting (if somewhat predictable) storyline, don't expecct a full on THIS IS OVER type of ending, it's pretty open, and I really hope they expand on this game, or make another one.Great work by such a small Dev team.I highly recommend this game, and would have paid more for it, if they'd priced it higher.You won't be let down or feel like you wasted money, you get more than enough for such a small price.Why are you still reading this... buy it... :P"
,Recommended,290300,20026786,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,IronCladVirus,This Game makes me feel like a Space Cowboy 10/10
,Recommended,290300,27039783,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Trent Xuande,"Since I can't be an Intergalactic Space Cowboy Mercenary in real life, I suppose I'll have to settle for the next best thing and vicariously live through this game.Want to be a Space Mercenary? - This game's got it.Want to be a Space Trader? - Check.Want to be a Space Pirate? - Yup.Want to be a Space Militant - Yassss.And if you happen to want to feel like a Space Cowboy, this game's got an amazing soundtrack that'll get you in that groove."
76561197993500303,Recommended,290300,18759582,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Gorebane,"I was on the fence about a 2D space combat game, but having played it it's a fun game.It has some problems, the control system seems to be based around a gamepad so there are a few limitations on the UI that wouldn't otherwise be there. There are also some curious design decisions like being unable to access your cargohold/factions list/tactical menu etc while docked.There is no RPGesque character development, the only limitation on what ship/equipment you can use seems to be money and to a lesser extent faction.The combat in the game is fun. There is a large variety of equipment available to outfit your ship in order to compliment your playstyle. For instance you can gear your ship up for long range sniping, close range, and even fitting special deflector shields in order to cause extra damage ramming into other ships. In general the combat seems very well thought out.On the other hand the trading and mining feel a bit lacklustre. Mining, even with the ""perfect"" mining setup is haphazard and rarely nets you anywhere near the amount of money combat would in the same amount of time. Trading seems too random in that it's very hard to charge what good will be worth more at any given station. I freely admit though I haven't spent a lot of time trading, so it's very possible that if I invested more time in it I'd understand the system more.I've read complaints about the save system. It's a standard autosave only game, and the autosave only takes place when you dock. This means that if you pick up 3 missions, complete 2 and then die in the 3rd one you'll lose all that progress. However, that's not necessarily a bad thing as you just weigh up the risk and dock if necessary to save.The soundtrack in the game is...interesting. I kind of liked it at first, but it becomes very repetitive after a couple of hours. However, using the launcher you can easily add your own music.In summary this game is definately worth picking up if you enjoy space action games."
,Recommended,290300,20608209,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Drexelhand,"""Famine has struck <station>. Relief vessels have been dispatched from <location>.""Bought cargo bay full of cheap Tachyon Salt.Flew to neighboring station; procedurally generated right beside the one I was leaving.Sold Tachyon Salt at higher price.10/10, Would exploit crisis for profit again."
,Recommended,290300,30227026,Posted: 27 February,all,Holocaust,"TL;DR: if you're looking for something like Privateer or Freelancer, this game scratches that itch quite nicely.Prosrockin' soundtrack and fantastic sound directionmassive capital ships that truly feel badasssimple, yet engaging combat systemgreat voiceworkConsoriginal soundtrack is limited, so after a while, the same songs get stuck in your head as you loop them over and over. Fortunately, game allows you to add your own musicgame is quite grindy, as you need copious amounts of credits to advance tiers of difficulty. Can get repetitive after a while.not true 3D as the Y-axis is fixed like in Freelancer, but you cannot fly up and down at all. Makes the game simpler, but not a true space sim.PS: Get the Radovich. It's awesome."
76561198053327339,Recommended,290300,20583100,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Ez mar jobb,"It worth every penny, but be prepared that you will spend a lot of time in front of the screen.I have spent 20 hours in the first system and it is far from over for me and there is more then 10 systems.The graphics are stunning, the game is very exciting and addictive. Easy to learn!If you like to explore, gather, trade and fight this is your game!Absolutely recommended!"
76561198027330903,Recommended,290300,21095898,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Boo Bear,"tl;dr Overall Rating:Rebel Galaxy is only as hard as you make it, you can make money in many different waysCombat is rewardingMusic is StellarRandom events keep the game equally interesting and infuriatingBig ships mean big moneySpace is a big place, but not overwhelmingIt's literally ""Spaceships The Game."" You fly a ship (you can upgrade and buy bigger better ships, different classes and styles for different play styles) there isn't a real difficulty, the game is only as hard as you make it. Make money, blow stuff up, do some side missions if you want.Pros:Big maps, lots of exploringRandom events that change aspects of the gameEngaging combatTHE SOUNDTRACKAgain: THE SOUNDTRACK.Lasers and suchPotential replay value (the maps are randomly generated based on star maps)Controller supportCons:Enemy Variety is limited to the area you're inShips are a bit expensive, but they *ARE* spaceships, they're not cheap.You'll spend a lot of time going from place to place, afterall space is a big place.Combat for the ships is limited to 2D (No up and down, strictly left, right, and forward. this does help with using cannonry )No options menu in-gameI am a leaf on the wind, watch how I soar!"
,Recommended,290300,21119629,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,ChiaIsTheWei,"Pros:+ Interesting single-plane gameplay mechanics especially since most Space games are fully 3D+ Great graphics and smooth running on potato PC+ Customizability of ships+ Features that are well implemented (warping, side quests)Meh:> OK story/plot> OK variability of enemies, not too interesting and didn't require much special tacticsCons:- I didn't feel like there exists much choice in terms of ships as you are forced to go to a heavier/larger/slower class of ships for more armor/firepower since movement plays a more limited role in this game- Lasers are too powerful/accurate without needing much care of aiming/positioning"
,Recommended,290300,21118197,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Crystal Maiden,Attacked by the militia for picking up poor lost slaves trapped in a cargo container floating in space. 10/10 Would enslave again.
76561197976990391,Recommended,290300,21087795,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Ferawyn,"An enjoyable space trucker / rat killer game with a decent story (sofar). The graphics are good enough, the music is great and you can actually make money trading if that's what you want, without getting camped by idiots. This game is everything Elite should have been."
,Recommended,290300,18638616,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Yyrkroon,"Take a triple-A space game, boil it down to its barest essence (and maybe burn off a little presentation in the process), and you have this.  It is simple, straightforward combat (Black Flag style) and space trucking with just the barest storyline spread over it.The soundtrack is pure 'Murican bad-assery.  I want to grab my trusty steed, a lever action rifle, and ride off after some desparados; but I'll settle for taking out some space pirates.Great value at the price point ($20).  Rabbit Murdoch actually made a good recommendation for once. #GamersWithJobs"
76561198041495490,Recommended,290300,23422593,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,steve,What a gem of a game this is. A vastly superior Freelancer. The ship to ship combat is awesome. The more I play it the more I enjoy it. I got it in the recent Sale but if I had known how much fun it was I would have bought it sooner.Great soundtrack that aids the Firefly atmosphere.
,Recommended,290300,20528252,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Chris Carter,"Easy and fun gameplay, i like it very much."
76561198023426555,Recommended,290300,18686492,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Anime Archmage of Kuk,"A game more Firefly than Firefly. I like to refer to it as Dandy-Fire-Bebop-Star to my friends. Lasers, missiles, space, bootleggin', organ trafficking, There's a little something for everyone. Also, space cowboy music."
76561198099958341,Recommended,290300,18688504,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Gunnasdawter,"This is a fine game, with chunky graphics, chunky music, and chunky gameplay. It's kinda like Borderlands, but in space.The music is smooth - one of the tracks is a bottle-neck blues tune about an untrustworthy space-hooker... or it may not be about that at all.Buy this game, they accept doubloons, you may be able to barter it for a crate of dynamite."
,Recommended,290300,18721168,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Maarx,WARP INHIBITED BY STELLAR MASS
76561198041387436,Recommended,290300,18670724,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,XxZackattackxX,very funeasy controlsgood storyplay naow
76561198040751600,Recommended,290300,18651208,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,rapiscopa,"FUn game if you like free lancer, this is right up your alley"
76561198002146979,Recommended,290300,18620835,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,panzersnapdragon,The Firefly game we deserved but never got. Play this gorram game.
,Recommended,290300,18625019,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Kexlar,"I really enjoy playing this game. I loved watching the streams on YouTube before release. I was having a hard time waiting for the release date thou to tell you the truth. Watching an awesome game is great but playing the game yourself is even better. I will have hundreds of hours on this game. I just know it. Be friends with the Militia, a pirate, or anything in between. You can also do your best to remain neutral so you can go everywhere. There is no set path you must follow to finish the game. You can abandon the storyline or play after you finished it, it's your game. Have fun everyone and enjoy."
,Recommended,290300,18641623,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,「 LiTe Em uP 」,Rebel Galaxy is a really fun 2D space arcade game that makes you feel like flying a ship like Normandy or Serenity.. the gameplay feels like Sid Meier's Pirates in space... And lastly- Heard a distress signal; exited warp to check it out- Trader thanked and rewarded me cold hard cash for bailing him out from pirates- Sold extra Narco-Cola to trader for more cold hard cash- Proceeded to hijack trader for all the cargo he is carrying- Got my Narco-Cola back and a few more extra goodies10/10 Legit way of making a living in space...
,Recommended,290300,18644847,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,asdASDFSDFASDF,games pretty neatmount and blade in space basically
,Recommended,290300,18598256,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,VertiBRO,"Reminiscent of the game Privateer. You get dumped into a sand box with a vague mission and a crappy ship. You fight, mine, trade, and explore for money until you can afford better a better ship. Combat is somewhat simplistic. Not a simple point and click but there is some timing and strategy involved just not much. Good game so far."
76561198025282125,Recommended,290300,18639180,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,razariel,"English is not my primary language, so please, be patient :)Man, I'm not one to write reviews, but hell, this game is FUN !It was a very welcome surprise for me. I've played elite dangerous and other space games around, but nothing as fun as this one. The game awsome, good graphics, fast combat (even inside a capital ship, belive me), great learning curve, easy to play, not a insane number of commands, keyboard/mouse or joystick, great music, you really get the feeling of a space cowboy and pause: Yes PAUSE ! hit esc and everything stops ! You can get a soda, got take a leak, eat some pizza and the game will wait for you ! Want to snan some ships for cargo ? No problem, hit TAB and the game stops letting you scan ships without worring abou hitting something. The progression is also good, the game will give you bether missions based on the configuration of your ship. Bether ships, bether credits for your time. The side missions may seen repetitive, but, as long I'm blasting stuff up, I don't care, ehe. The game has many ships to fly, and even more as NPCs. Also, a good amount of gear for your ship. Main gus, sub guns, turrets, engines, warp drives are just some to name. HINT: A good defence IS A GOOD DEFENCE ! Don't neglect shields, or you will find yourself blowing up more than you like.Final words. Game is solid, for the price, it's a bargain. 8/10If you're looking for a fun game to pass time, without the big worries of other space sims, go ahead, you will not regret it!"
76561198007239198,Recommended,290300,18832989,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Greedogre,"Consider its price the game is very fun to playit has very fun navy boradside mechnism for space ship fight not just some small fighter dog fight which you can do that on earth as well xDbut small bugets lead to poor everything else except for navy combat part,20$ isnt much but this game is worth it."
76561198001801946,Recommended,290300,18944720,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,mwalls,Amazing pick up and play space trucker game. Firefly simulator. Freelancer lite. Privateer Gold reboot. If you recognize any of that buy. If that sounds interesting buy. If you just like solidly made games buy. Just buy.
76561197991805660,Recommended,290300,19087299,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,shmianco,"tons of fun sop far!!! i highly recommend it, based on the 12 hours of fun i've been having."
,Recommended,290300,23329646,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,ShinkuMoon,"This game is exactly how a sci-fiction space sandbox game should be in my mind. I believe you will find the same idea if you enjoy Galaxy on Fire series on Android, as this game seems to be even better than that.And I see they put quite some effort to optimize the graphics etc., I have never imagined my lame laptop would have such performance with all the glorious scences in game.Another thing worth mention is that the music. IDK other ppl but hell the original music in the game fits perfect, and you can use your own music as well.There are some minor flaws, like you cannot really rotate your capital ship to the 3rd axis (ie flying upwards or downwards) while other smaller fighter class ships can. But I will take it as unnecessary complexity so basically no downside for this game."
76561198048239587,Recommended,290300,23417635,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Cryptic Jester,"I never knew I wanted this game until I bought it. The best way to describe it is Elite Dangerous by way of Assassin's Creed Black Flag, if that make any sense at all. The space combat feels very similar to the latter, but with the overall feel of the former. The only gripe I have with this game at all really is the lack of deadzone tweaking for controllers, as I play with an old controller.Decently told story, fun gameplay, overall good time."
76561198049803539,Recommended,290300,23615948,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Very Vile,welp this game is pretty freaking awesome i know its repetitive and hopefully they make some dlc for it but its addictive and hours go by when you're playing it i love it
,Recommended,290300,18601466,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Elusiv3Pastry,Like Freelancer with Navy broadsides instead of little fighters.  Fantastic fun!
76561197981415996,Not Recommended,290300,24918635,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Naeblish,"Not feeling this game at all. Starts out great, but becomes a grind really quick. There is nothing fascinating to find, and it is beyonth me how many people here praise the combat, it gets dull quite fast."
76561197972810576,Recommended,290300,18648131,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Ac!d,"Fantastic! This is a must buy for anyone who loves space games. The atmosphere is fantastic! The music is a huge differentiator. I would have paid $50 easy for this title! Very happy with my purchase and will be playing for a long time! Other Developers take note Rebel Galaxy is how you make a solid space game! I've been waiting a long time for a game that gave the same feel as Freelancer did back in the day, and even though this is cap ships it still perfectly scratches that itch, which as space game vets and coneseurs know that is high praise. Kudos Double Damage and thank you for making the game we've all been asking/waiting for. Also huge bonus points for launching a fully functional product. On a final note the ship designs are fantastic and all effects have a feeling of substance. So satisfying! 9.8/109.8 is for wanting more ships to play with! Open up mod tools or make DLCs with more ships!"
76561198047323292,Recommended,290300,32403912,Posted: 13 June,all,Vaeki,"This game is excellently made, great setting, fun game mechanic, fun ship selection / design."
,Recommended,290300,29858879,Posted: 11 February,all,swiftcoder,"Space operas are in short supply, and if there's one thing that Rebel galaxy does well, it's nailing the feel of a space opera. Western-themes may be a staple of the genre (FireFly, StarCraft), but the soundtrack and environmental colour grading really help to sell the setting. Voice acting and facial animation are unexpected but welcome in a game at this price point.Sadly, the gameplay does hold up in the long run. The grind escaltes throughout the game, and there isn't much increase in combat variety or tactical depth beyond the first couple of systems.If you see this game on sale, pick it up for a few hours of unadulterated space opera. And if the developers decide to update the game (or release a sequel), I'm more than ready to come back to experience whatever they come up with.Pros:- Fantastic soundtrack reminiscent of Firefly (the TV show).- Gorgeous 3D planets, nebulae, and asteroid fields.- Broadsidebased combat in a 2D movement model feels like ship combat in Assasin's Creed, removes a lot of the issues these games usually face.- Overall feels a lot like old 2D spacesim favourites like the Escape Velocity series.- Warp/cruise system pretty good at reducing time spent staring at space (though not perfect).- Choice of ship addons materially affects combat feel.Cons:- Enemy dificulty ramps very quickly, especially after the first solar system.- Grinding for cash to buy bigger/better ships is tedious.- Trade and mining are innefective ways to make cash.- Story missions are very linear."
,Recommended,290300,29859267,Posted: 11 February,all,Jammrock,"Fun chill game, you can trade, pirate, or bounty hunt. Great soundtrack, and you can play how you want."
,Recommended,290300,29865365,Posted: 11 February,all,Fides,"10/10. If anyone was going to develop a Firefly videogame they should just scrap the idea and mod Rebel Galaxy instead. One of the best roleplaying experiences of the past few years, even though it's mostly implicit. If you don't like RPGs, you won't be confused or overwhelmed. If you love RPGs as much as I do, you'll be having just the best time.Oh yeah, and it's also about cool spaceships and stuff,"
,Recommended,290300,19757513,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Faptor,This is a power fantasy.
76561197997294920,Recommended,290300,21024250,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,solith,Excellent. It's just as good as you remember Freelancer was. Just wish it had more complex economy and building like X3 so there's something to do in end game.
76561198045774472,Recommended,290300,21030083,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,MaRkV,"Rebel Galaxy looks like an odd game to start with. How many games are there that have you flying around space, buying, selling, mining or stealing? I have played quite a few over the years. Most of them have you moving around in 3 dimensions; after all, space is not flat plane is it? So, why does Rebel Galaxy use two dimensions for you as the player but 3 for many of your opponents? Surely this is silly?Surprisingly I have to say no, it actually works really well. I am around 4 hours into the game now and I must say that I like the battle mechanics and the flight from one part of the system to another is pretty smooth. (Could be a bit quicker possibly but that is just me.So, what is it that I enjoy? Raking your opponent from stem to stern using broadsides in space is cool. This is why the game is on a flat plane. By using your main weapons as broadsides it would not work if you had to roll to bring your guns to bear.The ecomomic system seems to work well, I like the way that when buying or selling you can see the average price in the sector. This will reduce the need for notes or trying to remember how much you paid for nuts and bolts, yes this is a real cargo. I like the idea of cola being illegal btw :-)I think that this is one that I will be playing for some time. It has been on my wish list since its release and in the sale I thought I would go for it. Now, the big question is would I have still enjoyed it at full price? So far I have to say yes I would have. There are loads of missions to do, a storyline to follow or if you just want to blow up asteroids for ore you can. There are loads floating round.You can configure your weaponry easily, with plenty of ships to fly , I haven't seen any dodgy models yet, all looking rather swish.So, go and buy the game if you like flying in space, blowing things up, mining or finding lost relatives. You won't regret it.Should have said about the music. Cant think of ANY game that has more fitting music!"
76561198006770084,Recommended,290300,30001312,Posted: 17 February,all,Dubious Drewski,I did not expect to be having this much fun! I did not expect such highly-produced music and audio effects. I was not expecting to be given such a huge world to explore.I don't know why this game isn't more popular. It's the perfect game for people who love Sid Meier's Pirares and Firefly. This game is a stunningly beautiful combination of those two things.
76561198067634709,Recommended,290300,29862469,Posted: 11 February,all,Shrunk,"Definitely had a lot of fun playing it, the 2D broadside combat made the gameplay quite fun, and the story is also interesting enough to keep you engaged to the end. The game can get a bit grindy towards the end since you need to get enough money to buy the neccessary upgrades to continue the story, but the combat is enjoyable enough that I dont mind it too much."
76561198004811351,Recommended,290300,20627022,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,AbsoluteDeicide,"Rebel Galaxy is the first “space sim” I've ever played to completion. I've tried getting into a few others (Elite: Dangerous and Dark Star One come to mind), but after the initially overwhelming but ultimately satisfying learning curve of those games had been conquered I got bored and dropped off once they devolved into tedious job simulators. Rebel Galaxy includes all of the main features of those more complex games, but streamlines them into something more digestible. It takes a hit on it's sense of “realism” and scale, but it's engaging and simplified loop of progress is enough to make up for that.Did you know space is actually a flat plane? It's a silly concept and not really a complaint, I know, but Rebel Galaxy's one dimensional representation of open space is a good example of what you're in for. You never have to worry about vertical thrust or rolling your ship, just 360 degrees of activity. This feels like literal, ocean-based ship-to-ship combat and navigation with a space backdrop. And it works if you're willing to accept it. What you're losing in freedom you're gaining in ease of use. Most extraneous, technical fiddlings are stripped out: just point your ship where you want to go and hit the warp drive. Hold “A” to dock. There are four speeds to pick from, but just go full throttle and if you want to slow down or stop hold back on the left stick. You know it's a casual sim when the game's launcher recommends you use a gamepad. Again, none of this is inherently bad, it just is what it is. It's an arcade representation of a notoriously complicated genre.Also unconventional is the personal story that is the driving force of the game. You inherit a ship from your aunt that contains some fragment of something or other that a number of local scumbags seem interested in acquiring. It's pretty clear that there's more to the fragment than meets the eye, and sure enough it soon awakens as an AI. The AI, Trell, directs you to other fragments scattered around increasingly dangerous sectors of the galaxy, which she uses to upgrade your ship to make it feasible to travel to even more dangerous parts of space. She also warns you that there are bad space guys after her, and if they get her it's bad news for everybody. This is all told through really nice looking close up conversations with Cortana's cousin Trell and other characters you meet in seedy space bars. You have some options for responses, but they're pretty limited and don't seem to matter too much. While the story starts off strong and shows promise, it ends up falling apart and fizzling out toward the end. It's the most disappointing aspect of Rebel Galaxy; it had the potential to be a grimy, emotional space opera but doesn't know how to progress or wrap up. It ends so abruptly I actually had to back out of the game and check my achievements to make sure the story was actually over. It was...While it's a shame the fantastic but rather shallow characters are underutilized, the story is just a jumping off point for the familiar loop of space truckin'. Earn money by any means to upgrade your ship to make it easier to earn even more money in order to buy even better ships to make more money faster. It's a grind at it's core, but the ships look cool and the job simulator repetition is painless enough. You pick missions up from job boards at any space station. These range from delivering cargo to other stations, hunting (space) pirates with bounties on their head, picking up data at dead drops, etc. The higher the difficulty the more money you receive. You could also buy and sell goods for profit, but I didn't find the investment worth it if you're not nuts; you regularly pick up salable cargo from defeated enemies that you can exchange for pure profit so don't bother. You'll also run into distress signals in your travels where you can assist for some easy cash, or take out random bounties. Basically: play the game to earn money.Almost any path you take will involve combat. Thankfully, like the rest of the game, getting into scraps is simple and enjoyable. You maneuver your ship as you would in naval warfare, with your main means of attack being your broadside cannons. The longer you wait to fire the more focused and accurate your shots become, so you can pinpoint a distant enemy for devastating damage or spam a barrage of wild shots to keep a ship's shields down or harass smaller swarms closer to you. You're also outfitted with a secondary weapon you can use with the “X” button. I went with flak cannons to destroy incoming missiles and smaller vessels, but you have options like homing missiles as well (which you need to buy ordinance for). Depending on how large of a ship you're piloting you can equip a number of turrets like shield destroying missiles, long range lasers, or mining lasers. You can control these manually, but I found the simpler my approach to combat the better the results. After experimenting with using the secondary lasers to take out smaller ships and targeting individual modules on capital ships, it took me an embarrassingly long time to realize I was overplaying the game. Just focus on your broadsides, spam your secondaries, and let the auto turrets do their work and you're playing optimally.Rebel Galaxy offers a custom soundtrack option, and it's a small feature that goes a long way. The included soundtrack is decent, twangy Space Western tunes that sell the premise, and the ability to add your own songs is invaluable. You have several pathways to store the music, so you can divide your list to play only while at space stations, at the title screen, while traveling, during combat, etc. If you don't have Deep Purple's “Space Truckin'” on there you ♥♥♥♥ed up, but other than that it's great to inject your own mark onto the game and it makes travels through deep space feel like a road trip. This was a standard feature of the Xbox 360 but has sadly dropped off, and having it fully integrated here is fantastic and certainly welcome.If you're looking for a deep simulation that requires every button on your keyboard for knobs and dials and subsystems Rebel Galaxy might not be the game for you. If you've come to the realization that those games are for crazy people and want to relax to some Johnny Cash as you cause some space wars and marvel at how such visual chaos can be distilled into simple arcade controls, Rebel Galaxy delivers. The promising story ends up being kind of crap and there's a definite grind to endure, but the game has heart and personality and delivers what I value most: fun."
,Recommended,290300,18603523,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,[RoCT] grandmaMax,"Let me just state - I don't tend to enjoy any kind of space ship game, its just a genre I don't enjoy.I've played 90 minutes of this game, and already have a good enough feel of how gameplay works.This is defintely worth a buy if you enjoy space ship action games, but for me it wasn't anything new. Trade/fight/upgrade... Pretty much the same basic gameplay you'd get with any space ship science fiction game. The game pulls off the gameplay really well but brings nothing new to the table.Definitely worth a buy, however the dev's really need to be more creative."
76561198027492858,Recommended,290300,32677213,Posted: 23 June,all,Lord Deurkruk,"Hello y'all!This is basically a game of Space Trucking in a galaxy that has something against truckers, judging by the amount of pirates involved. The gameplay is rather repetative as well, since you'll be doing the same type of quest over and over again.So why the thumbs up?- There is something deeply pleasing in driving (ehm, flying) an ever improving Space Truck through ever more advanced pirate fleets, some of which can be pretty darn dangerous.- The game's soundtrack helps in getting you into the right mindset, to fly through space and truck stuff from one place to another. And if it doesn't, you can change it to something else without hassle.- The combat can be pretty fun, messy as it is. Welding an opposing dreadnaught into space dust using the blind spot and your 4 front mounted mining laser turrets is also pretty amusing in a ""haha, you can't get me and if I'm wrong I'm SO dead"" kind of way. (Until you find a dreadnought that features 18 or so rocket ports at what you hoped would be the blind spot, anyway).- There are quite a few Space Trucks available, most of which have a reasonably clear use for your preferred style of combat.That being said, the game IS repetative and some of the achievements are a grind. But if you can pick it up at a discount? Give it a go.Happy Space Trucking!"
,Recommended,290300,23343656,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,changtau2005,"Basically Assassin's Creed: Black Flag meets Starfleet Command. This is not a simulation - it's more arcadey than even Starpoint Gemini, but it's better for it. If you like any combat based on firing arcs and positioning at your optimal range, or managing shield, weapon, and barrier cooldowns, you'd feel right at home. The combat in this game and the variety of ships, weapons, strategies available, and the tradeoffs you make between them is stellar. You can even build your ship dedicated to ramming stuff. Just don't expect anything from the story. Ships are constrained on a 2D plane with fighters and gunships having some leeway on vertical positioning.Your best time with the game would probably be the beginning, flying a hunk-o-junk trying to find your feet, running away from the big fish. It's a game that oozes identity. Do pick it up if you like this genre.One minus is that weapons and systems are tiered, so after you've seen all the varieties (which there are a lot of), the only way up is bigger numbers. Also, unlike some other games like X3, there's almost no variation between star systems, like alien installations or anomalies and so on, so the endgame can get rather repetitive.There are a large number of ships to choose from, but many of them seem sub-par; small ships do piddling damage, huge ships are sitting duck to swarms of smaller ships and cannot defend escorts effectively. The best ships are ones that can punch way above their weight class - and IMO that's generally the Barracuda and eventually the Minotaur, but they obviously only shine once you max them out. You do get 100% trade-in for anything you buy and that's a huge plus - you can experiment with crazy combinations at no cost.When I played at launch, escort missions later in the game were an absolute nightmare. Ships would path into asteroid fields and get stuck for an hour, or the tiny destroyer(s) you need to protect would trade broadsides with dreadnoughts like it's going out of season. You can't even reach them in the fastest ship before they blow up. There were a large series of patches addressing such things - hopefully the silly escort AI / pathfinding are gone by now."
76561198019022165,Recommended,290300,23390785,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,PathOfPain,"Very fun game! I recommend it heartily.- Graphics are pretty good. The game is in 3D, but you can only move your ship left or right, no up or down. Honestly that's a blessing because it makes the game a lot easier to play. It makes the controls much easier too.- The music is farwest cowboy music but in space! It's absolutely gorgeous and fitting to the game. I never get tired of it even after the 100th time i heard the loop. And the loop is quite long to boot.- I find it best played with a gamepad controller. The control are easy to understand but still you must time plenty of things in battle which make it a bit challenging.- You have a spaceship that can be upgraded every which way. You can even buy better spaceships to do the missions.- Most missions are kill this pirate or smuggler. The campaign itself is a special mission.- There are factions that you can get friendly or ennemy with depending on your actions from the missions or in space.- You can be a pirate and/or a smuggler of illegals goods like slaves and organs! And the millitia will attack you of course unless you're sneaky!- Plenty of stations to go around. You can buy commodities someplace where they are cheap and sell them elsewhere where you can make a lot of money. You do have limited space on your ship thought.- You can mine but its very low profit. Better off killing pirates or merchant they drop much pricier goods!- No bugs that i could see.Cons:- Haven't found any yet."
76561198041018434,Recommended,290300,22915687,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Metalwraith031,"I love this game, love the ships, love the music.Rebel galaxy is a lot like Starpoint Gemini only in a redneck kind of setting.Its very simple, you start off with a crappy outdated ship and work/smuggle/pirate/bloweverybodytobits your way to better ships and parts.Combat is done via turrets and broadsides. There are different kind of broadside weapons and turrets and it really depends on your preference. I like to start of with some light turret action and then use my boosters to close in hard and fast until i almost smash into the other ship (iff i remember to use the retro thrusters or to turn) and then its all weapons rapid fire for me and pound the spacedust out of the other ship.But if it gets too hard then there is alway's the possibillity to run.The music is top notch and you can hear it in the trailer. But iff guitars are not your thing, you canchange it with your own music.Overall the game is pretty simple and only good for an hour or two of playing in one go, but its a great way to blow off some steam after a hard day of work.Pro:- Good ship design- Great ""Rebel"" atmosphere- Lots of parts- Plenty of stuff to do for short games- Ramming is a valid way to conduct space combat- Great music- Systems are procedurally generatedCon:- Simple in missions and things to do- Encouters are not very diverse- Ship cant go up or down- Engines have a will of their own and go full throttle impulse even close to space stations- Tip and tutorial messages only stop showing after a number of times.- No full control of camera6.5/10 Full ramming-speed ahead."
76561198032345700,Recommended,290300,18644213,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,RustyRobot,"Over the last few days, I have been enjoying this game very much. I have seen people raving about the sound track, and while it is good, after playing for long stretches of time, it does get a little bit repetitive. I do appreciate the ability to implement your own music library. This feature solves that issue.The gameplay is solid. The broadside mechanic works well, and once you learn to not shoot at targets that are too low or too high, wasting your charged broadside, you will become more and more effective. There is also an amount of strategy in how you approach the battles that you will inevitably be thrown into. If your ship is more maneuverable, you will end up using different strategies to what you would use if you had a heavier ship.I have seen people complain about the warp system, but honestly it is one of my favorite mechanics. The main issue that some people have with the warping system is that you sometimes are pulled out of warp into battle from enemies that will happen to be in your way.Theres a couple ways to avoid this issue:Scan before you warp – if you are worried about warping into a far superior foe, scan your environment (press “f”) before you warp out. The scan has as relatively large range. Take advantage of it.Maneuver while you warp – if you see a huge asteroid field coming up, don’t just fly right into it! Maybe turn left. Or you know, you could also turn right as well. That might work too.One major point, and the reason that I am writing this review, is to commend the developer. I had an issue with my save. I lost around 14 hours of progress. After messaging the developer through the forums, I was delighted to find that they are incredibly receptive and helped me resolve my issue within 15 minutes of my asking the question.Overall, I have enjoyed my time in the game so far, and I look forward to reaching end game on my current save, only so I can have an excuse to start another and try a different playstyle."
,Recommended,290300,18765067,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Siro,"Love this game.  It's doing just about everything right from top to bottom.  I don't often recommend things or write reviews, but when I do it's for games as good as this."
76561197966415510,Recommended,290300,18753604,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Cineater,"This game is an exceptionally fun ride at it's price point.The games story is fairly simplistic and straight forward and the characters aren't oozing complexity that you meet a long the way but the feeling of the game is truly terrific.  The enjoyable action keeps you at the edge of your seat while the just one more ship upgrade keeps you in it.An enjoyable romp through space, two thumbs up!"
,Recommended,290300,18742531,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Shenkay,"Excellent Solo play - Space fight Game.Ships +10/10Space Design +10/10Campain +7/10 (Good Material, but toooo short =(, Developer can make alot of aditional content with this game)Side Missions +10/10 Each Guild have a especific missions so you can select what you want to do.Weapons +10/10 After the 1.05 Patch all weapons have his own Settings, so you can change the target or position of any turret.Price: 100/100 A+ Recommended."
76561198007309084,Recommended,290300,23502408,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,lonewolfmp,"Spaceship shooter with western rock sound, what's not to like?"
,Recommended,290300,23529236,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,raefisto,Grat freelancer style game with an awesome soundtrack. If you ever wanted to fly a space dreadnaut and broadside some fools this is the game for you.
76561198060747756,Recommended,290300,23522313,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,gecko,Really nice game and time killer ;-)Hope they will extend the main quest line and Trell shal returne sooon
,Recommended,290300,23542845,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,AmmoMonkey,Love this game. It's everything I've always wanted in a space-based RPG. Everything is highly polished and beautfully tactical. I would like to see more ship varieties and visual customisation in the future.Now if you'll excuse me; I have to haul 50 tons of soy paste for an unscrupulous lizard I met at a bar in the last star system.
76561198057912649,Recommended,290300,23495148,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,louwagie23,Well it doesn't suck
,Recommended,290300,23499574,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Imperial Rebel 99,It's like Star Wars! I had a lot of fun playing this game and this is very addictive. I appreciate the story and of course the graphics. Love to see more of this. Thank you creators! Recommend it a 100%
76561197969176630,Recommended,290300,23507281,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Variable Argument,"Freelancer meets Firefly and Broadsides! The game seems a bit shallow at first, but there's some more depth to it if you get in to it :)"
76561197976472490,Recommended,290300,23539201,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Bobble,Awesome gameplay. Awesome soundtrack. Awesome game.
76561197990238749,Recommended,290300,23542419,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,[ISI]Tidicus,Game is fun!.. BUT need to be able to go back to the last galaxy before the end of the main quest line is done.
76561198262385133,Recommended,290300,27723439,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bigwig50,"Fun and addictive game with a great soundtrack.  Controls are relatively easy to learn and don't require memorizing a playbook of joystick/button combos.  Nice way to kick back, enjoy some dark country tunes, and wind down from a day's work.You choose your path - hero, criminal, rogue, rebel... maybe a bit of each, rack up contracts and bounties, craft your ship, build your reputation, and make your fortune.  Reminds me of the old Traveller tabletop RPG a bit."
76561198069610591,Recommended,290300,19983419,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,DragonTemplar4,"Shooting pirates while listening to rock, such a good combo."
76561198014275278,Recommended,290300,27145970,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Novak,"An excellent soundtrack!, visuals, story, I love this game!"
76561197989552056,Recommended,290300,18622860,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,xBuzz,"I'm not normally into single player games lately, but this game has been extremely fun and definitely worth the cash.Hugely fun space game, with loads of ships, customisation, good storyline, awesome music which come together to make this an awesome game."
,Recommended,290300,21418743,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Necronomad,"This game consists of a simple to understand and enjoyable combat system, interesting story, good voice acting, great atmosphere and a game world that is fun to roam around."
76561198171224271,Not Recommended,290300,19940385,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Serag,"Rebel Galaxy gets extremely repetitive because pretty much all the missions are the same. Theres pirates everywhere, way too much. Which at first you think those encounters with pirates are awesome but after a while, you start to notice they are all the same and are there only to slow you down from getting from point A to B and getting enough cash to get a new ship. Then there are the escort missions which are buggy as hell. This game is basically a grind game where you try to get enough money to purchase a new ship. That's all there is sadly."
76561197983364925,Recommended,290300,20135369,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Xajmai,"The gameplay is nice, graphics are nice, definitly a recommended buy! However, it does seem to be lacking a bit in content after playing it through, as I felt the factions you could choose to side with in the game definitly could have had some more faction specific ships, weapons, engines etc. I understand that the reason for this is that the development team was small and it didnt really bother me in my first playthrough, sadly it did take away some of the replay value."
76561198006647946,Recommended,290300,21054886,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Arianna,I highly recommend Rebel Galaxy and here's why:+Easy controls+Lots of ships+Story is as much easy as it is harsh at somepoints+FAST CREDITS EARNINGS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!+Great music+Great graphicsThe only negative i say is that you cant customize the colour patterns on your ships nor sell them that is it.This game is solid to the core. i was wishing for a game like that to come and i am not disappointed.
,Not Recommended,290300,30285623,Posted: 2 March,all,Conagan,A lot of people have covered most of the pro's and con's. I have over 40 hours of gameplay and I'm maxed out. My biggest issue with the game is simple no new content. The last update is almost a year old and it was a simple fix patch. I enjoy the game and I would reccomend this game once the price drops to $9.99 or something. Not sure if they made their money and moved on or what.
,Not Recommended,290300,29905179,Posted: 13 February,all,IceBlitz,"The game is fun at the beginning but it lacks some fundamental RPG elements such as XP and a leveling system. This makes all those small and sudden fights that happens along the way a bit dreary since they don't feel very rewarding.Also the game and combat system was immensely confusing at first, but after a couple of hours I got used to it. The gameplay itself is arcade-ish like Starpoint Gemini 2 (which I love more than any other game), and this is a good thing.However, the lack of a progression system and the fact that you have to grind immensely to get though the main story is a huge downside."
76561197970303391,Recommended,290300,18651392,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Prepare Ur Anus,"I feel obligated to share my appreciation of this game because I feel it combines two of my most favorite styles of game in one (and it does it well).  I adore trading sims; and I find broadside naval combat cathartic (ala AC: Black Flag).  It also happens that I deeply appreciate outer-space themed anything (although not huge into 4x games).I have a crazy schedule and prefer the ""pick up and play"" type of games that only feel deep; but are, in reality, simple grind fests with a long goal.  After having only played for a few hours, I feel like I'm going to be logging hundreds by doing every last side mission available.  And when I'm done, doing it all over again.  The core gameplay is as simple as it gets - point, shoot, buy/sell, travel, upgrade.  The best part of the game isn't just it's execution with how tacttile everything feels though - it's the graphics.  I feel like I'm exploring a deep and untamed spacial universe ripe for the picking with dangers and all.  I needed this in my life and I've been hoping and praying for something like it ever since getting hooked on Sea Trader for the Gameboy Advance.  I have a feeling this title is going to hold a major place in my memories for years to come.  And in another 10-20 years when I'm playing the Playstation 6 and running Steam OS I'll kick back and think ""y'know, I wish they would re-make Rebel Galaxy, there hasn't been another good trading sim ever since""."
76561198211238731,Recommended,290300,18707004,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Austin1174M,"Assassin's Creed IV's naval combat, in space. With Huge ships. It's a beautiful thing."
76561198045297143,Recommended,290300,18723325,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Weeb Waifu,"Great game. Completing the story takes roughly 40 hours so please, if you plan to buy the game don't rush things. Just enjoy it. You can't fly like how space is supposed to be though, it's like sailing on the sea where things are flat. I guess that's the only thing that bothers me."
,Recommended,290300,18715397,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,DontSh00tMePls,Overwhelming Positive ;-)
,Recommended,290300,18716634,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,[TO]PLightstar,"You will lose hours to this game, without thinking about it.It really scratches an itch, Elite Dangerous couldn't fix. I actually enjoy the space trucking missions and you don't have to play for hours to begin upgrading your ship.Haven't played much of the story yet, but am enjoying the way it pushes me forward and learning the combat system.Enjoying the ship to ship combat, really pushes strategy when taking on larger fleets."
76561198008059760,Recommended,290300,18722657,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Opiate666,10/10 Spaceboats of the year all years
76561198085218346,Recommended,290300,18717096,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,MattyR,SpaceSpaceshipSpaceship battlesSpaceship battles and open spacedJUST BUY ITP.S If you like firefly and video games then this game will be your end.
76561198034659736,Recommended,290300,18720594,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,prtsmthr5,"I usually don't buy games when they are 1st released; glad I made an exception with Rebel Galaxy.  I am hooked...reminds me of Freelancer; but with better graphics, ships, and storyline.  I would recommend this to anyone who likes space based games."
76561197992676294,Recommended,290300,18706556,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,claud.gingold,"Great game , took me about 30 hours to finish the main quest line.great gfx and sound and alot to do in game.. you can upgrade and customize your ship for combat/trading/miningwell worth the price hope there will be a DLC."
,Recommended,290300,18718127,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Hazmatt,Started out with an obsolete crap-ship that could be killed by an asteroid.Killed a lot of criminals.Ended up with a dreadnought so powerful I could take on three other dreadnought class ships at once without skipping a beat.10/10 would completely ignore the trading/mining system again.Seriously for its price this is an amazing game. It has just the right amount of complexity while maintaining its low pressure nature and has very fun combat. Perfect game to blow off steam just cruising around in your ship.It has a respectable amount of customization options and fighting styles.My only real complaint is that there isn't an endgame area with powerful enough enemies for my invicible Revenant :( But as you can see that was after 30 hours of playtime.
76561198168606814,Recommended,290300,18724074,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,jerror45,"Such a fun game! Really enjoying the missions and upgrading my ship. Also the friggin music is pure radness !! I've had the music stuck in my head since I started playing. Worth the money if you like space games, and capital ship combat."
,Recommended,290300,18715865,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,kid1450,"I love this game, although it is clearly build to be played with a controller (which i bought for this game) the controls are great. The game is not the fastest playing game and you will have to do sidemissions to upgrade your ship.At the start you get a capital ship which at the moment is the only type of ship (read: corvettes to dreadnaughts). And you are send of with a mission however you can also go explore, trade or be a pirate if you want to. And last but not least the music is Awesome!In short: I recommend this game to anyone who like spacegames but does not need them to be overly realistic!"
76561198073259004,Recommended,290300,18723318,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,GrimBeef,Freelancer singleplayer on rails.
76561198024848838,Recommended,290300,18707222,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Lordhoth444,great game just like the old days of freelancer
,Recommended,290300,18717463,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,ah144,A great mixture of space games put into one!
,Recommended,290300,18717372,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Kebra,"Planet struck by famine? Intercept the relief aid transport, loot all the aid and sell it at ridiculous prices to the stricken planet. What's not to love?"
76561198039479105,Recommended,290300,18637731,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Tirasangue,"Okay, so i've bought this game because i was incredibly bored and wanted something to be able to wait for Fallout 4 with i am glad i did.I have not played for long, yet i am having a lot of fun with this game. Something that you probably need to know, is that this is kind of close to a simpler version of Elite: Dangerous, and honestly, i have had much more fun with it than i had with Elite: Dangerous, i'm glad this game is this simple; i've had problems with Elite: Dangerous because it was so complex and hard to get into, just to learn the games controls took a long time, but this game i could easily get used to it.This game is alot of fun, and deserves the price it's put up for, i'm glad i bought it."
,Recommended,290300,20239632,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ghostmourn,Its like Bismark vs the HMS HOOD crossed with smuggling Narco cola and space slaves.If you like BADASS musicIf you love FireflyYou will like Rebel Galaxy.
,Recommended,290300,20983032,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,DingdongJR,"There is something incredibly satisfying in aligning your ship alongside another and unleashing every single broadside cannon you have. In combination with the incredible music giving every fight you take a Wild West spin; you truly are on the lawless outskirts of space.You start with nothing and climb all the way to the top in any way you want. Trader, Miner, Mercenary, Pirate. Just be careful who you make enemies with, anything goes in this game.On the subject of trading, Rebel Galaxy contains a simple yet effective trading system with market values that will change in response to local events. Discover trade routes from station to station, capitalise on resource shortages, a station currently being blockaded will be in desperate need of supplies.When you feel strong enough, use a jump gate to travel to one of the many other systems. Make sure you are prepared though; higher risk brings higher reward but you won’t be smiling facing a Dreadnought class ship armed to the teeth.This game stands out as one of its quirks is that it is locked on a 2D plane, honestly I think this brings its benefits. You're at the helm of a capital ship, you wouldn't be doing amazing tricks. It also simplifies the controls, meaning you can focus less on keeping the ship level and more on the actual fight.Just listen to the soundtrack, it completes this game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IBAYW0WGKtE&index=1&list=PLvJV9BRNJsmVdv17rkxzUuy6jdB7oQXch"
,Recommended,290300,28453237,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,packinator,"This is a great space battle and trading game, but it does leave some things to be desired. The main storyline is quite short and I imagine that most people get to the ending without knowing it - its very sudden. The storyline is too short to make saving up for better ships and weapons worthwhile. It's cool to have the biggest, badest ship and tearing enemy's apart with waves of munitions is quite fun, but it's a side mission grind that gets you to that point. If you follow the storyline's natural progression, you wont even get close to obtaining the best ships. All in all, time worth spent and I enjoyed most things about this game. If you can get it on sale, I'd say go for it."
76561198058925614,Recommended,290300,25475583,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,CrazyGunMan102,"In rebel galaxy you will find yourself on the edges of civilised space, space stations placed anywhere from the hollowed out husk of a mighty asteroid to in orbit around colossal gas giants will be a sight for sore eyes as you pilot your ship into the awaiting docks, the repair bay will offer you a chance to repair the fractured hull, weapons ranging from ionised bursts of plasma to mighty missle batteries having punched through the shield and torn through the hull damaging systems as well as your own weapons, handing over an adequate sum of currency to the shipwright.You may choose to offload cargo, either acquired via the mission board (cargo needs to get around somehow), trade with a cargo vessel you pulled out of the fire as pirates attempted to 'appropriate' its cargo or from the ruined husks of the pirate vessels themselves (maybe even the trader too if you're so inclined)Maybe you're looking for a job? or perhaps to finish one, handing over the agreed upon cargo for a sum of credits, hitting up the mission board to pick out a slew of quests to keep yourself busy as you trek across the system taking on a notorious pirate here, guarding a mining outpost there or perhaps assisting the militia forces take on a pirate convoy, headed by a mighty command ship; there are no shortage of things people want done.And after all that there's the bar, where you could chat up the tender, asking for news he might be partial to, whether it be as simple as an excalation of pirate activity in the sector, or perhaps that one of the stations in the system are going through some rough times, that being said no one pays more for food than those who need it and where there is demand, there is supply, but whether or not you're the one to supply said goods is up to you.Or perhaps you're looking for bounties? Slip the barkeep a couple hunded credits and suddenly you've got the locations to a few people someone out there wants dead, and are willing to pay for it.At the bar you might also meet a merc, spend a couple thousand on a good pilot to watch your back, this section of the galaxy is after all 'mostly' lawless space.Your visit done, you return to your ship, maybe spend a few thousand credits on an enhanced engine, thicker hull plating or better weapons, maybe even a few new tools to help you along the way, making your weapons deadlier, your aim sharper and those pirate scum a little less threatening.Whether you want to take to the stars as space trader extraordinare, feared bounty hunter, humble asteroid miner or parhaps cutthroat pirate, (Perhaps a mix of all four?) Rebel Galaxy can certainly accomodate.{Serious stuff out of the way, I caught a pirate group harassing a salvage crew harvesting the wreck of a giant (at least 12 times the size of my current ship) capital vessel (which you can TOTALLY get later) caught in the midst of a minefield, I noticed a cluster of mines near the enemy vessel on and ended up taking a shot at the explosives, which like a chain reaction of epic preportions exploded (As 'explosives' tend to do) taking out the pirate in a single shot, moments like that is what this game provides, if any of this review sounds like something you'd enjoy than I wholeheartedly recommend Rebel Galaxy.}"
,Recommended,290300,25806276,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,The Digital Monster,"Classic Naval Broadside Cannon Combat IN SPACE!This game is a ton of fun, from the moment you start you literally can do anything you want. Whether it be bounty hunting, mining, protecting, exploring. Everything is right there, right away.It's simple with it being on a flat plane (meaning you can't fly up and down, instead you go left, right, and straight). Surprisingly it doesn't take to much away from the game. Combat is fast paced and their is a varity of ships to face, from small fighters to capital ships. Some of your weapons crush small fighters but won't even scratch the paint job against the capital ships.There is plenty of upgrades for your ships and the best part is when you buy a new ship, you don't have to rebuy everything as it swaps out the ship but keeps the equipment and automatically sells the old ship (so if you're a tad short on money it'll do an exchange where it sells your ship first then buys the new ship making it pretty seemless to purchase new things).The sounds are pretty good in the game, I really can't complain. Especially when you hit warp. The voice acting is above average for a game of this production size.All in all, if you like space, I'd have to recommend this game. I got this game when it was $9.99 and to be honest, it would be worth it at $20.00 hands down."
,Recommended,290300,18634997,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Zublits,"This game fills a void in the market: accessible (arcadey) freelancer-esque open-world space game. That was a mouthful.I'm completely enamoured with this game right now. It has fun naval-style combat (complete with broadside cannons), upgrades to buy, ships to save up for, and space pirates to blow up. It feels good, it looks good, and it's a boat load of fun.However, I'm worried that the game's content will come up a bit thin. The missions can get repetitive very quickly, and there is a lot of repetitive action going on with a very thin reward and upgrade structure. I'm only 7 or so hours in, so time will tell if the depth opens up later on.I hope the devs continue to build on to this and flesh it out in the future. As it is, it's a good game. But It could be a lot better too."
,Recommended,290300,18636294,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,HonoluluBoy,"10 Hours in and I'm really enjoying this game.Pluspoints:Soundtrack!  Possibly the best soundtrack of any game I've played! (I'm a Heavy Metal/Rock fan)Space trader/fighter/explorerArcadey (not ultra realistic)Able to steer while warpingLooks great.  Nebula and visual effects well done.Upgrading your ship/weapons/components = feeling of power against the enemiesFlying a large capitalship spacecraft, not some little pew-pew fighterMinuspoints:Arcadey (space is a nearly-flat 2D plane?)"
76561198003787583,Recommended,290300,18637551,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,InSpades,"Intial thoughts and ramblings from a browncoat...Well played, sir, well played...  While brief, the intro has all the feel of a Firefly episode.  It gets straight to the point in a no frills sort of way.  Definitely hits the nostalgia right between the eyes.  The music genre and selection is a nice touch.  I am enjoying the story line so far.  The credit grind outside the story line can get a little tedious after a while, but if pays to have a 500k credit nest egg when you leave the first sector.  These aren't your Han Solo type of characters that you are working with in the storyline...  More like the type that Jabba feeds to the sarlaac.  Even the good guys are more of a shade of grey.  Outside of you (depending on your game play,) I have yet to encounter one white knight in the story.The chat option selected does not appear to have any bearing on the storyline.  You still go to all the same story line misisons.  (Even the AAA titles have yet to get this figured out, so I am not going to knock this game for it.)The controls are a bit different than what I am used to, but seem easy enough to adapt to.  Can't tell you how many times I have absent mindedly fired missiles when I was first starting out.  The militia don't like it when you do that.For those new to the game like I am, I suggest immediately running off the beaten path and trade between the stations.  Mining isn't all that practical, but the Mk2 Mining laser makes a great anti fighter platform.  You will need the credits for much needed upgrades.  Only buy stuff with red list prices and sell in places where the price turns green.  Taking missions off of the terminal always has a welcoming party near or at the end point waiting to kill you.  You can hire one wingman to bump up your overall firepower.  Freelancer players will take to this game very quickly.This game rewards caution.  If you charge blindly into a situation you will get smoked.  Sure you can configure your ship to knife fight, but a handful of ships will still mug you if you are not careful.  I found upgrading your engines, booster, shields, armor, and weapons in that order was the best option at increasing your survival rate.Friendly fire isn't.  The AI ships will go after each other.  If you get between them both sides will shoot you.  If you find yourself looking at a militia destroyer parking itself between you and a pirate, stop firing at the pirate.  You will only end up shooting the militia destroyer, lose massive rep with the militia, and all the militia in the area will start shooting at you.  Your starting corvette is barely able to fight its way out of wet paper sack at the beginning of the game.Rep plays a part in this game.  Outside the obvious rep for merchants, criminals, and militia, it is hard to tell how rep really plays out in this game.  Join a guild if you want to get your hands on unique ship hulls.  Getting the criminal factions to like you is harder than you think.  Missions from the stations are the easiest to gain rep, but even that is difficult if you are trying to avoid♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥everyone off.  (Yea, you got the criminals to like you.  Now the militia hates your guts...  and they have the strongest ships and in greater numbers in the starting sector.)Right out of the gate, I see a a couple of obvious areas needing improvement.1: The multi-function of the 'E' key can be a bit annoying at times.  You are trying to tractor an item and accidently engage the warp drive because you were out of tractor range.  Docking with stations can run into this problem as well.2: The lack of full 360 degree flight seems a bit odd in this day and age of fully capable space sims.  Those with the expectation of free flight along all axis will by put off by this.  It would be nice if they open up the y axis.  Your enemies and asteroids get to use the y axis, but you don't.  The station placement can cause problems when you leave the area.  Found myself autodocking when I just wanted to leave to the next station.  Probably my biggest gripe of the game so far.3: If you aren't aware of the tutorial help section, the pop up hints and help tend to come up in a manner of oh now you tell me.I will add to this as I rack up more playing time.  At any rate, it is a fun game for less than $20."
76561197970958877,Recommended,290300,18635977,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Fres,This game is tons of fun and highly addictive. Love it :D
,Recommended,290300,20239537,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,nannerpuss,"Edited and update review here. I wanted to re-review this after seeing how good/bad the game was after you finish the story. I had a very strong positive reaction to my first 15 hours playing, but after you finish the majority of the main story mode, the game is basically over. It wasn't built for a ""sandbox"" experience or anything, as the systems get less and less fun as you move along the main story path. I'll explain that more below, but if you want a one sentence recap: good game, worth twenty bucks for sure, but it has a few glaring problems.First off, I really like this game. Almost every aspect is fun and it isn't often you get good space games on Steam. The price is good, and I do recommend it overall.With that said, there are some major flaws. The first one being the trade and economy system. It's so poorly handled that it's hard to justify it being in the game at all. The only time you will find the market scheme useful in any way is very early in the game, in the first or second systems when you are stuggling to earn credits. The work it takes to get goods and then find the station that is buying high is just way too hard to justify when you start earning $100,000 per mission - let alone when you are getting $1mil per mission later on. The 90k you might make off trading is insignificant. Your time spent grows significantly and the gains never justify it. The whole thing could have been alleviated by having actual up-to-date pricing information available both on the main map and while in a dock, but the developers failed miserably on that. It's true they did implement a (very minimal) scheme that shows you current pricing in each station from the main map, but it only works if you've already visited the station or happen find a message transponder that gives you the information. Even then, the information is only good for a matter of minutes. The game will randomly change the goods and prices in each station, so usually by the time you get enough of the goods to matter, you will never find the right place to sell it unless you get really lucky and accidentally stop at the right station. Couple that with random events like famine, celebration, tech boom, etc., it's like a lottery except the profit is meaningless. There is no logic or reason to the system, no attempt to mimic actual markets in any logical way. The one and only way to make real credits is by doing missions, which are fine and fun, but I think they should have either cut the entire trading system or made it universal and simplified. Instead it's like they started out with a good idea, but lost it halfway through.The other huge issue is the ""proximity stop"" system. Basically, if you come within a certain distance of any other object in the game, you will be instantly halted out of warp. This would be fine and make sense if they tried to limit the amount of debris and roaming hostile fleets, but as the game progresses and you meet more factions, the maps stay the same size. So what you end up with are huge fields of debris from battles needing to share a shrinking amount of space with asteroid fields and huge fleets of enemies wandering around. By the fifth system or so, there are a half dozen factions on each map. Then you have merchants and traders randomly criss-crossing the place on top of it, and they have their own bodyguards with fighter ships. It all adds up to way, way too much crap on the map and fewer and fewer routes you can take just to do simple tasks, like going to turn in a mission or finish a trade.  After the 100th time you get stopped mid-warp just because a piece of debris or friendly merchant came within 400 sm (in-game unit of measurement) of your path, it gets incredibly frustrating.It's also worth noting that the ""escort"" missions are mostly broken at present. They might patch them again, but right now only about 75% of them work as intended. The pathing is poorly coded and there are too many random objects that only confuse the AI even more. Occasionally you will get a big piece of ship debris and it will cause the AI's ship you are escorting to start moving forwards and backwards, over and over, in a loop. You can abandon missions at any time, so when it does break, it's easy enough to just forget it and move on.So, those are my main frustrations. Otherwise this is a great game and is easily the best space game on Steam right now. It's definitely better than Elite Dangerous, plus it's only twenty bucks. I got this on sale for $13, and for that price, it's a major bargain. If you are looking for trade simulation or a long-term sandbox mode you can play in after the (approximately) 25 hour storymode is over, this might not be the best game for that. I got over 30 hours out of it and that was definitely worth $20 to me, but your mileage may vary."
,Recommended,290300,20061766,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Peregrine,"Rebel Galaxy is the naval combat game set in space you didn't know you needed.Certainly inspired by some of the greats in sci-fi stories as well as other space games, it still manages to provide an experience unique to itself with its rockin original soundtrack, and clever visuals.While I wouldn't go so far as to call it a ""sim,"" I would absolutely call it an experience. If you love space games with ship management and intense combat, this one is for you."
,Recommended,290300,20198278,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Gigi Alves,"2.5D game with good looks and great gameplay. Even though you can skip the story completely it guarantees you at least 20 hours of gameplay just to finish the story mode, thus the ships and upgrades you can work your way to buy.As many other ""space sims"" out there you can spend time mining, trading, doing mercenary work and questing. It's all about finding what's best for you. There are ships to fit your needs and you can always improve them. Reminds me a lot of Endless Sky and Freelancer but with better graphics and fancy effects.The soundtrack leaves me speechless and the game gives you the ability to add your own songs into the soundtrack so you can listen to your own music while playing.Realism is not the main factor here but this game sure is really fun! 10/10, waiting for a faction revamp DLC."
,Recommended,290300,18985731,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Pet_Monster_TW,FastFuriousFunGreat soundtrackGreat art style
76561198006177160,Recommended,290300,20263814,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Zipzipzip10,"This game is ridiculously good. It has a wonderful soundtrack, beautiful graphics, good voice acting, and really fun missions. I've become immersed in the world and have done a massive amount of side missions, because even though the side missions aren't part of the story, they are a wonderful part of the game and massively fun to do. The combat is also sometimes really intense and sometimes it is better to run than to fight. You have the choice to do whichever you wish as long as you get the job done. It is a nice game and I highly suggest you buy it. :)"
76561198104387639,Recommended,290300,23616817,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,HiddenTree,Rebel Galaxy has very fun space battles and for the a indie game has good graphics my only complaint is that the story gets a little boring after about 20 hours of play time but still I think it's worth the price tag
76561198122376526,Recommended,290300,23618898,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,timelephant,"Rebel Galaxy is a rather 2D depiction of space travel and combat with limited gameplay options. However, the game is nice looking and the slow grind to earn money makes upgrading your ship feel great. Getting larger and larger ships as the game progresses feels good but the grind is almost too repetitive. There is also a market that seems a little out of place for the ""space cowboy"" vibe this game usually has. The main campaign is short lived and feels rather pointless by the end. All in all this is a good game to play if you just want to play something mindlessly. A good pick up if its on sale. Fun but not memorable."
76561197994894051,Recommended,290300,28621954,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,MnM Ondreyson,"Starts to become repetative towards the end, but still a great game.+GREAT soundtrack+Good visuals+Engaging gameplay+Fairly well designed trade system+VERY engaging and fun combat~Story is meh, not great, not bad.~Random pirate encounters are really neat at first, but become common after the first 5 or so that happen.  One of the best ways to farm cash though, bounty from enemy ships.-Once youve figured out the games combat and the best loadouts, you can fairly easily 1v1 any ship in the game, and take on fairly heafty fleets on your own.  As said, makes the game become a bit repetative toawards the end.-If you want to get the largest ships in the game, it will take a LOT of farming/grinding for cash.-Missions become repetative pretty quickly, not a lot of variance beyond 5-10 types.Overall, I consider this a great game.  I purchased it for 10$, and easily got my moneys worth.  Soundtrack alone is worth the purchase lol.  I even boot it up for other space games.8.5/10"
76561197981904472,Recommended,290300,21022110,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,RYYX,"Rebel Galaxy is a lot like a shot of cheap whisky in a pretty glass, served in a grungy southern biker bar.  It looks attractive, and it gets the job done, but it has some glaring faults and limitations and can burn like hell going down.One of the often mentioned features is the sound track, I thought it was pretty cool at first, but after 2 hours I turned down  the music to 10%.  It certainly sets the mood, and establishes Rebel Galaxy as a ""Firefly inspired"" space western.  however it gets repetative, and is intrusive.  After you hear the title song five or six times in a row blasting in your ears, it gets old quick.I am susceptable to ear worms, and it's going to take a few days to get this out of my brain completely.   That isn't a good thing for me.It's not that the songs are bad, by no means, the artist who wrote them is talented, and I like the sound track.  But too much of a good thing can be frustratingly iritating.Other reviewers have done a good job talking about the games features and gameplay style.   comparing it to the ship combat from black flag, and I think that is a spot on comparison.   It really feels like someone wrote a naval combat engine, and halfway through decided to make it a space game instead.  This could literally have been a WWII naval simulator or something and it would have been the same game.   Just with water and islands instead of space and planets.To put it bluntly, this is an Naval combat arcade game with a space skin.  Despite this, the game works, it works stylistically, and the gameplay is satisfying enough to keep you playing.The game is only 20$ full price (I got it for 13$ on sale), and it's worth even full price, but only if you like the genre.Buy this game if:You like the Vibe of Firefly or Serenity.Like Arcade shooters in space.Liked the naval combat of Black flag.Like the standard Trader/Bountyhunter/Pirate/miner kind of space game, and don't mind the emphasis being on combat.Like the gritty southern/blues/country soundtrack.Like the graphics.Don't mind being locked into a 2d playing field, even when smaller ships can still fly 3d.  All around you.Want to control a whole ship using even just a console controller (works very well).You Like Single Player games.Don't buy the game if:You strongly prefer Simulators/realism to arcade style games.You prefer complex controls, and tactics (you can pretty much phone in tactics in this game).You are tired of the Trade/fight/mine paradigm of space sandbox gaming.You hate any form of country music.You Hated Firefly.You expect a long complex story with tons of twists and turns (I like it so far, and the voice acting and dialogue trees are fun... but it's not Mass Effect for example.).Think a ""2d limited"" space game is too immersion breaking.Prefer multiplayer.Final verdict:  If you like the genre, or can get past the burning in your throat, you will enjoy this offering.  It is a good game to unwind with, the fights satisfying the visuals pleasing.Like that cheap shot of whisky, it may not have the smooth quality of a higher priced drink, but it will still do the job, and if you drink enough of it, you won't even notice the burning in your throat anymore.Unlike that shot of whisky, this shouldn't give you a hangover, and won't ruin your marraige.Anyway, I have no regrets, it's a fun game, worth the full price unless you fall in the ""don't buy it"" category. )."
,Recommended,290300,18721350,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Kobra Kommander,You cant take the sky from me....
,Recommended,290300,27583998,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SMiThaYe,"The hook for buying R.G. is the combat and of course the ships because later on they are HUGE. You start with a fast ship for darting about but lacks fire-power and defence capabilities. You could buy a heavy frigate and become a tank but being such a big target makes moveability difficult as enemies swarm your location. Depending on the faction you eventually align yourself with (via paying membership fee), will result in access to exclusive upgrades and ships. Don't take on missions to harm a faction you want to align yourself with.A simple sandbox space sim yet entertaining and challenging to keep you engaged despite the short story. Camera view is in 3rd person for traversing the randomly generated galaxies - go to in game options and change camera view to +150 to see a lot more - when visiting outposts the view is oddly first person and this is where you'll: trade/missions/buy tips/hired hand.First time I played I didn't pay attention to the missions I was taking but you can abandon before starting. The limit of 5 missions was too small for such large maps and the thousands of solar miles needed to traverse. The warp drive is overly cautious so no worries about crashing into anything, be that rocks, planets, enemies or allies - I have however seen the Militia fly into rocks close to stations. The UI does let it down but worth looking beyond this, R.G. looks its best whilst flying.Starting off it’s best to pick your fights carefully as paying for hull damage is expensive. Thankfully there is no up and down to navigate (KB+mouse or controller works just fine) despite your enemies being able to. It adds moderate difficulty and variety to the play. Enemies don't engage until a certain distance but if you agro too many you can pull them out and take on the faster fighters first.If you’ve played Assassin’s Creed: Black Flag, well it’s that fighting broadside – R.G. doesn’t hide it’s naval combat style. If you died you reload from the last time you docked, there is no manual saving so ensure you dock before quitting. The music is similar to that of Borderlands series, all tracks are high quality and fits the game to a tea but due to lack of tracks it becomes repetitive too soon sadly.The game play does get tedious quickly but there’s more to the game such as commodity trading (simplistic stock market style) as this is the key method to upgrading/buying new ships when you get enough cash past the Mark1 upgrades, you could mine for minerals mid game to reap the rewards around asteroid fields as it's less tedious or steal a ships wares. Worth mentioning that the game doesn't tell you whatsoever the price you’ve bought commodities so have a pen and paper to hand or use Google docs in Steam overlay. Events occur in the galaxy that affect prices and there's a good guide on Steam via Reddit that details this.It’s a game that’s well received for a 2-man studio that runs on just about any PC, here’s hoping Double Damage Games next title is naval-based.( Sorry if this review seems short but this just about sums up R.G. in the few minutes I had to type this and as my first space sim. )"
,Recommended,290300,21027975,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,St_Winter,This game is a blast to play. It's addictive with getting better equipment and ships. A good casual relaxing game that can be very challenging at times.
,Recommended,290300,27749380,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,r0sshk,"++Good graphics++Great music++Solid, tactical combat gameplay+Decent selection of ships+Various factions and loyalty missions for each of them-weak story--very repetitive after a whileCould've used some more features and more mission types outside of the main storyline. Some more faction-specific ships would've been nice as well. Heck, throw in crew members while you're at it.Overall, a good game. Get it on sale."
76561198018010396,Recommended,290300,28177445,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Out-There Dave,"I was suprised. I really like this game.Being both a story driven and, sandbox game that blends very nicely. (IE:Your not forced to do anything, and have all the tools and oportunities of every other AI player from the start.) *almost, there are some races that have improved weaponry and such, but these can be ""obtained"" in various ways. I'm not sure about all unique crafts, but they are not OP so not a real worry.It gives me all the excitment and fun stuff that Elite Dangerous promised(lied about), and has never delilvered.Your actions have an impact in the game in a way that doesn't seem grindy.It feels fun and less like having a second job. *See Elite DangerousI don't have to pay $60.00 a year to play the full game.The controls took me a few mins to figure out, but then I'm using a keyboard and mouse, but after a few mins I was having a blast.I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes space-flight, open-world, scripted or sandbox type play.You can choose to play as the ""good-guys"", ""bad-guys"" or anything in between, or any type of character you want really, AND change your play-style at any point. Various missions give you the oportunity to improve your relations with the different factions regardless of past history.The graphics are terrific.My rating 9.0 out of 10.Having finnished the game; the rating stands. I should lower it a bit due to the unfinished feeling the game leaves you with as pertains to the interface, contant speed bumps, other factions, and weaponry and such. Still I had fun.The modding community has tried to keep this game fresh and fun for those of us who have finnished it. But, without real modding tools, this list is short and creating your own mod is way too much work to be worth the effort atm.Hopefully, the Devs will create something to make the process a bit simplified or the replayability of this game may suffer in the long run."
,Recommended,290300,18645286,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Carnor -|- Jax,Finally a space sim worth playign for hours!!!Very simple but yet so rich in gameplay and possibilities!!10/10 Admiral thrawn got♥♥♥♥♥♥on me!!!
76561198060849705,Recommended,290300,18634427,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Choolak,Very good game for the price. I can imagine spending countless hours on this game.
76561198011174472,Recommended,290300,18634579,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,flognog,Game is a lot of fun reminds me of the great privateer of old good job devs.
,Recommended,290300,18636017,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Ulfsark,"This game is a blast.  Its fun, well written, seems to have enough variety to keep things interesting, while not being overly complicated and requiring you to memerize 500 keyboard combinations just to dock your ship."
,Recommended,290300,18652435,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,j0hnz3r,Do you like FIrefly?  Cowboy Bebop?  Freelancer?  BUY THIS GAME NOW!!
,Recommended,290300,29092138,Posted: 7 January,all,「 W I T C H  D A G G E R 」,"So I bought this game on a drunken whim because I really really really liked the music, here's me first couple hours with it:>Start out as a humble smuggler, mostly sticking to commodities and mining, money is flowing, the booze does too.>No Idea what the heck is happening around me, explosions and lasers bloody everywhere, but I somehow keep coming out more or less unscathed. Must be Liquor Luck.>Getting a taste for higher-tier ships, need more money badly, but don't wanna resort to illegal activites.>Couple more hours of drinking and smuggling.>Regular goods just don't cut it anymore, so out the window morals go, let's become a drug trafficking, war-mongering space slaver. Heck yeah.>Am I flying two ships now or is it the booze?>Feeling invincible with my new bomb♥♥♥♥♥combate frigate.>Haven't died so far, game seems to always just create the illusion of danger.>Keeping that in mind, I tell a milia warship with heavy escort to go suck some cold space, anticipating nothing to happen because of comfort zone game design.>Getting blown to smithereens before I can say ""Skazzer"".10/10 Traded my Live Organs for some more Greel Whiskey.Side note:As of this review I've been playing this game without break (13.5 hrs).Thanks Double Damage."
76561198157410379,Recommended,290300,23465397,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,PirateEagle,"Made by two guys, and you can really see where that is obvious. Lots of cutbacks. For example a male cruiser pilot will suddenly turn female on the comms and ai is shared a lot, meaning a pirate will get interdicted by friendly merchants guild ships who have the exact same ships and exact same all-female captains as the miltia does. Lots of shared and samey stuff.Nevertheless, you can also see where those savings went. Very few bugs, cool aesthetic and with the awesome feature to add your own music even for different situations. This is a super easy to learn, fun space shmup where all to a surprisingly kicking vanilla soundtrack (seriously, check it out on YT if you like space westerns) The gameplay is a little repetitive, but getting bigger and bigger ships is just so satisfying.For this price? I haven't had this much fun in ages. Hope for an improved sequel someday. 7/10."
76561198110066996,Recommended,290300,23953815,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,pennuang,"A rather small game with huge potential for sequel.- Assassin's Creed ship broadside combat style. Movement in game is 2D (no up or down), feel like battleship rather than spacecraft.- Variable play style. Trader, miner, smuggler, mercenary, assassin, transporter, saboteur or just an a$$hole who blows stuff up for fun.- Factions and Guilds are interesting enough.- Space feels lively and vivid. Soundtrack is sublime.- No in-game purchases bullsh_t.- Dynamic economy&logical system.*Various events such as famine, tech boom, celebration, invasion etc.*Intercepting diaplomat ship might result in interplanetary war which you can make profit by selling war supplies or accepting mercenary contracts.*When famine hits a planet you can sabotage the relief efforts by intercepting supply ships then sell the loots at the planet for greater prices than usual.*Slave smuggling, drug trafficking, f_uck a planet economy up by hoarding gold.:( I'm a bad person.Bad stuff:- Some features are shortcoming. Usual for a small company dev.- Story and dialogues are rather bland. The game could be A LOT more creative.- Controls can be confusing once in a while.- Not enough weapon choices.- Can be repetitive and grindy."
76561197996353425,Recommended,290300,23850438,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Ravor,"Fun game.The Space combat is the same in Assassins Creed - Black Flag boat combat; you're controlling a ship on a 2d plane (can't go up or down) and you mostly use broadsides.  There's a lot of ship variety to keep things interesting but it did tend to get a bit tedious late in the game.Either way, it was fun."
,Recommended,290300,23839813,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,El Jefe,"Great game.  Lots of upgrade possibilities.  Lots of ships to upgrade to.  Interesting missions, though some can feel like a grind.  Space environments and ships look great.  It is an immersive experience flying around the galaxy.  You can be whoever you want:  play nice or shake down merchants and traders for more money.   Definitely worth the price of admission.   8.5 out of 10."
76561197970760883,Recommended,290300,23835399,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,hulen_mark,"Loved this game, story was a little light but the mechanics are good and the music is awesome."
,Recommended,290300,18602105,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,WisemanT,"Excellent Game, however disappointed by the technical issue of being unable to save game progress."
,Recommended,290300,18593991,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,[Ars]VidX,"4 hours in and loving this game. It's far more enjoyable than other space 'sims' I've played recently, simply due to the fact that it's easier to jump in and enjoy it.Combat took a while to figure out but after that it was just a matter of prioritisation.Loving the game and highly recommend it, especially if you can pick it up on release week for the slight discount!"
76561198011792163,Recommended,290300,18597044,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,bumph,"Really fun and open-ended.  There's a story, but it's easy to lose hours doing missions, chasing down distress beacons, and trading up your ship.  I wasn't sure about the combat on paper, but I really like it.I was surprised to learn that this was developed by a 2-man team.  It looks like they knew exactly what they were going for in terms of scope/mechanics/tone, and they delivered it."
76561197970223912,Recommended,290300,18593089,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,richvr,"This is an incredible game. Gorgeous look. Engrossing universe. One of those, I'll just play for one more hour, games that makes you forget the time. I can not recommend this enough. Buy it or miss out on one of the best space games of the year.It gets better with age."
,Recommended,290300,18598030,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Bansh,"Take AC4 naval combat, throw the ships into space and add a touch of Firefly feeling with the ambience and you have Rebel Galaxy.It's not revolutionary, it's not ground breaking, it's not going to change the face of gaming forever, yet it is still bloody amazing.Word of warning though, anyone who gets motion sickness may have issues with the camera, its janky."
76561198007562408,Recommended,290300,23470576,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Darkwing99,diamond in the rough!!
76561198076511201,Recommended,290300,26403699,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,dongjuan,"The game has it's annoyances and it's definitely not perfect, but I enjoyed it. People keep talking Freelancer this and Freelancer that, but it reminds of the original Privateer, which is a personal favorite of mine. Again, it's not perfect and it's grindy. You can read all the problems in other people's reviews.I wish there was more to it and more to come, which means I like it. It takes me back to the days when I was playing the old DOS version of Privateer. If that's your jam and you don't mind wasting some time grinding then this works."
76561198143617800,Not Recommended,290300,29875658,Posted: 12 February,all,habu,"In the beginning it feels like a great game, but at some point it becomes VERY repetitive and just boring."
76561198054128153,Recommended,290300,29886250,Posted: 12 February,all,woodcrftr,Music is geat. Graphics are good. Animation is OK. Fun it play so far.
76561198030864700,Recommended,290300,33709407,Posted: 21 July,all,KhashFirestorm,"fun arcade shooter. Nothing too deep, but have enough features to use open world and collecing money, more nad more. ""one more turn"" effect on generated quests is as well good sign"
,Recommended,290300,25830863,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,phazedreality,"I will recommend this game but its not a resounding endorsement.Buy this game if you want something you can jump right in to and pick up on instantly.Don't buy this game if you want depth and progression of difficulty or features.Combat is really simple. Trading is really simple. Flight is really simple. Upgrades are really simple.. 1->2There is little to no room for customization.The game ran well on my system, the music was decent, and overall it's good for about 15 hours of entertainment.I got it on sale for ten bucks and feel okay about that."
,Recommended,290300,20482616,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Wales Grey,"It's a fun, but extremely limited (even moreso than Freelancer in some respects!) space-as-an-ocean game. Solid art, sound, and controller support really buoy the game, even if it doesn't really have any of the complexities one would usually expect from a spaceship-captain game.Reccomended for: People who like space, but hate menus and spreadsheetsNot Reccomended for: GrognardsDefinitely a better game than Star Citizen, though."
76561197972822567,Recommended,290300,18707378,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Cyan,Reminds me of Escape Velocity in a big way. Definitely worth the cost of admission.
,Recommended,290300,18604028,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,φ Biscuit Stalker φ,"First off, the first thing that I like about Rebel Galaxy, is its soundtrack... ITS AMAZING! It definitely makes me feel the outlaw type, a little punky with a bunch of rocks. Although I haven't played much at the moment, it is addicting despite blowing up a few times. The enemies shield was going down a lot slower than mine were, then again,I was being bombarded by missiles and all. c:"
,Recommended,290300,18707497,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,trashguy,Freelancer with a Border Lands feel theme and music wise. This game is awesome.
,Recommended,290300,18723685,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,andymugu,"Man, THIS game.At first glance, it's a simplyfied version of Elite,BUT the gameplay is so much fun! I'm not sure I can explain why, but having naval-like ship combat is much better than regular space combat!"
76561198040378372,Recommended,290300,18737159,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Kensei,"Awesome! Great soundtrack, plenty of missions, lot to do, very good graphics, great atmosphere, great replayability value."
,Recommended,290300,18707243,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Mogbit,space game you steal peoples stuff go pew pew fun time
,Recommended,290300,21141981,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,ĐēâŤĦB¥şŇŰśŃű--Nut Flaps!,"Good Lord.  I totes LOVE THIS GAME!!! I'm very VERY picky on my space type games, but I absolutely fell in LOVE with this soon as I saw gameplay footage of it.  The music is AMAZING, graphics SUPERB! Story line, as far as I've played it, is actually pretty interesting, in my opinion anyway.  I honestly wish this game had mod support, though.  That would have just made this game even better than perfect.  The gameplay is pretty easy to understand, it's easy to find your way for your quests, and the map is pretty awesome.  All in all...just get this game.  It's so worth it."
76561198013632145,Recommended,290300,19055650,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,FireStorm20,"Short : its like elite-freelancer with more soul (firefly like) on 2D plane with different combat mechanics.Overall i realy like the game, below in points:1-Very nice mood. Its really got that Firefly mood. Teh galaxy is alive, plenty of events that affect the game (for example a holiday wiht gifts custom on a planet means certain items will have very high price etc ), you can get tips from bartendes, hire mercenraies, help traders under attack and get rewards from them etc. I liked Elite but tough beatifull, it felt a bit sterile and souless to me. Here i love it,The music is quite unusual for this type of game, inmstead of electronic trance-ambient you got hard rocking blues. I love it, tough if you dont dig rock/blues might a problem.2- Open end game. Follow the story or just take missions, bounty hunt trade, whatever you like. Plenty of ships and upgrades.3-Ship control is unusual. It looks 3d but in truth is a 2d plane.You got a third person view , Eve online like, but you must aim in combat.4-Combat: its quite unusual and initially i was disspointed by it , i yearned for full 3d and standard cockpit view. But at some point something clicked  and i began to really like it.Its broadside based,  you can aslo control turrets.5- The graphics are nice, and i ahvent run into many bugs (i think i crashed once)If you are past Privateer/Elite/Freelancer fan, i think you should enjoy it very much, tough i recommend wathing vids to see the unusual ship control/combat in action."
76561197985488730,Recommended,290300,32528368,Posted: 17 June,all,Slurreydude,"All in all it is a decent game, if you are looking for a light no thought kind of game, this is definetly for you.Made me crave freelancer."
,Recommended,290300,18639641,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Nox,"Wow what a fun little game.  It's just a fun romp with some interesting fights and lightweight gameplay.So far, no complaints about it and it's been a refreshing find."
,Recommended,290300,34722159,Posted: 3 September,all,- dan -,"Yar me hearties! Rebelsassins creed : black galaxy is described in the storepage as being a swashbuckling adventure set in space and this is very true, the game works on a 2d plane (for the player and other large ships) making it very similar to the ship to ship broadside combat in assassins creed : black flag and other nautically themed ship games. It was developed on a budget by a very small team and Rebel Galaxy is a testament to their skills. It features beautiful graphics, well designed ships, a decent story line and a fabulous soundtrack. The core gameplay loop is typical of space games (mine, trade, faction missions) and the random encounter system is a nice addition. While the game is very well put together it's scope is a little limited (which is a good thing overall) and once you have obtained the best ship and beaten the story missions there isn't that much for you to do beyond just flying around and enjoying the sights.Good-shows just what can be done on a tight budget if you have a good dev team-it's honestly heaps of fun and easy get to grips with-amazing soundtrack and it's also easy to add your own music files to the mix-looks beautiful-low price for what you get-better than star citizenBad-limited scope and once its beaten it's unlikely that you will be driven to play it through again-more options would be great, post game missions would be great, I would totally buy dlc for this-collisions can sometimes be... questionableIf you are a veteran space pilot then you might find this a little bland but for people entering into the genre or just looking for a more simple space game to play casually I think they will definitely get their moneys worth, I had a fantastic time playing this and wholeheartedly recommend it 4.5/5"
,Recommended,290300,25728465,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Strad,Damn good game for the spacebound adventure.  The interface takes a little getting used to but hey... it's a starship so make it happen.
,Recommended,290300,24733490,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Sir Smrtaz,i bought this game with out reading anything it was just purly off that it looked like Galexy on fire 2 (AMAZING mobile game)  9/10 only con is that it kinda throughs you into it without any tutorial you will die a few times.
76561198023450237,Recommended,290300,23330184,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Wasted,"I bought this in a previous 50% sale and would say that at this price it is definitely worth it, however after having now played it for 30+ hours (and finding it hard to put it down each time) I think I would have paid full price too!As many reviews have already stated this game is like the love child of Sid Meier's Pirates and Freelancer, it's neither one or the other but has emulated some of the features from both games and merged these into an interesting hybrid.The 2D naval style fighting makes it less complicated than a 3D counterpart but don\'t let that fool you that it's less of a challenge. The variety of ships, weapons and modules give it enough diversity to keep you playing for that next upgrade but without bombarding you with sheets of complicated stats. The soundtrack isn't going to be everyone\'s taste but I think it's awesome and really suits the pace of the game.Yes it's a bit clichéd, the main story is short and it's quite simplified compared to others in the genre but that's the beauty of it - it isn't trying to copy a successful franchise and then failing miserably; it has it's own spin on space rpg that's different whilst being familiar at the same time.Edit: Removed typos caused by mobile app"
,Recommended,290300,18764076,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Ferral72,"Its a very good game, love the ship battles and the broadside combat with the ships.  The music is very good and i like how your able to customize the music for pretty much all aspects of the game, from the title page, space stations and idle mode while in ship flight."
76561198127781951,Recommended,290300,18631322,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,SWAGHETTI YOLOGNESE,"Love this game ^^ To me its like Mount and Blade ins space. Quick learning curve. Many upgrades/weapons/ships. Good soundtrack, nice graphics, nice sound effects. Trading system with a real time economy.2 man dev team I read somewhere. damn good job."
,Recommended,290300,18591080,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,[FOES]Sircrackpot,"Wasn't paid for my review.  Let's get that out there in the open.  *pushes beer under his bed with his feet, all slick-like*AHEMThe game is a prettier, more entertaining version of Space Rangers.  You can choose to slay pirates, trade comodities, or mine your way into a larger, faster, more powerful ship all pimped out with the latest murder gadgets ranging from flak guns to missle turrets.  Broadside firing is a nice plus in the middle of battle while all the other guns are auto targeting.  Lots and lots of fun.Pros:+Lots of upgrades+Lots of stuff to explore/hack/kill+Space is beautiful and makes me wee nips perky+Tons of missions+Lots of ship variations (Though I'm limited on what I can see this early in)+Battles need finger dex and quick reflexes when against more powerful ships (I'm assuming controller is easier)+Character models are pretty cool+Warp auto disables when you get to target, so no need for timed disengages+Customize firing/targeting for auto-turrets as you move into a good firing position for broadside+Battles can be rather long, but hella enjoyable when you beat out capital ships with crappy weapons/armor+Love the western-rock music vibeCons:-Missions are the samethings over and over-Autosaving only kicks in when you dock, so DOCK OFTEN or exit to force autosave-Warps disengaging due to pirate ambushes are no bueno early in game-Warps disengaging in mine fields is no bueno-Warps disengaging in electrical storms is no bueno-Warps disengaging in astroid belts is no bueno-Auto plotting courses would be nifty-Dev is buying reviews with early access codes all illuminati-like-Didn't come with beerI give the game 5 Landsharks out of a 6 pack"
76561198002713342,Not Recommended,290300,30073031,Posted: 20 February,all,NZJenkins,"Combat is shallow, boring, repetitive and easy. The progression for the equipment curve is bizarre, everything almost doubles with the upgraded versions (weapon damage, shields etc.) Feels weird equipping your first next level equipment that basically obseletes your other weaponryTrading UI is a pain to use to find the information you want. Tractoring specific items is also an issue.The trading is made more interesting with random events affecting prices one way or the other. It was fun for a while running embargo blockades for the big $$.In this game an asteroid field is 5 rocks and a tin can, a nebula is a few puffs of smoke. All that really changes is the system backgrounds.All the stations are basically the same. There's not much personality in this game.Hailing system is half-done e.g. hail someone emitting a distress signal, and they'll tell you they don't need any help with anything, until you close your distance a certain amount.Someone offers to give up in a fight, and you reject it? Can't push them for more credits, or even take their original offer.You are free to warp in any direction, but you will be pulled out of warp near any object and don't have any direct control over your speed (fields and other environments are probably so small in size and barebones, so you don't get caught in them warping)This leaves all the systems without much structure. If you want to go to a station across the map, just point your ship and go. Maybe you'll warp right through a miniature junk field without hitting anything and get a 20 credit exploration bonus (equipment is in the thousands, I don't know why this is a thing?)Another fun feature with warp is occasionally you'll want to catch a special ship/s that comes up on the system map. You warp to them, and the game will match your warps so you're in formation, instead of letting you blast past and cancel their warp.Also, game says ""warp cancelled by stellar mass"" every time you're pulled out of warp, regardless of what caused it. Come on guys.If you're after something like Freelancer or even something like Pirates! I wouldn't bother"
,Recommended,290300,18997247,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,[Mata] MajorAccident,"Charming, if limited, arcade game written by the creator of Torchlight.Whilst it really isn't anything special, Rebel Galaxy enjoys a level of charm not often seen in the modern gaming world. From the sci-fi western setting to the naval-esque space combat, Rebel Galaxy takes a lot of smart-but-simple game mechanics and throws them together in one thoroughly enjoyable and deceptivel moreish space romp.Whilst it will feel familiar to both fans of games such as the X series as well as hardened ARPG players, both will see where the limits shine: from the limited dimensions of space combat to the under-developed item metagame, Rebel Galaxy is very much a jack of many (if not all) trades, but a master of none."
76561197987220470,Recommended,290300,23313247,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,[WWKD]Lime,The vibe is very Firefly/Serenity without feeling derivative.  I thoroughly enjoy Rebel Galaxy.
76561197970717096,Recommended,290300,18667772,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,mikemurphy35,this is one of the best  space games ive played not incredibly complicated simple and action packed but still has enough sim to be fun kinda reminds me if FTL and Elite Dangerous had a kid good fun but if your a stickler for a million button space sim this aint it
,Recommended,290300,32172873,Posted: 4 June,all,Mr.Low,"Look it simple. You buy this game, and you can Blow some S*** UpAnd the music... Worth every coin"
,Not Recommended,290300,33917196,Posted: 30 July,all,It Takes a Wizard,"Being locked into a 2D plane for the sake of smoother broadsides in a game where you fly a spacecraft is a lot lamer than I thought it would be. This is further excacerbated by the fact that smaller craft can in fact fly litteral circles over (and under) you thus making your broadside cannons useless. Space combat should be all about positioning in a 3D space, but the lack of movemnet freedom kills the experience for me."
76561198069360222,Recommended,290300,23282627,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,BenyGodlike,"Well this game is a sort of a breakthrought in gameplay, mechanics (broadsides rocks!)Game itself is close to perfect (gameplay, music!, mechanics, story) still is lacks dlc or some more minor updates.After 40h spent I did nearly everthing - missions, upgrades etc and my ship is overwhelming. Noone to contest me :(40 hours of pure perfect fun and then a big nothing - u want more and u don't get it :/Still this game is a must, even for those few hours!"
,Recommended,290300,18623935,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,hmans,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of ""Freelancer"" and ""Pirates"". If this sounds enticing, don't hesitate and get this game."
76561197994503917,Recommended,290300,18637068,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,JDCollie,"Freelancer with capital ships and the best soundtrack I've heard on an game in a long, long time. What's not to love?"
76561198006948303,Recommended,290300,25584337,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Unholyrelic,"Great game enjoying every moment, an excellent GAME!! Would like to see a DLC..."
76561198058801888,Not Recommended,290300,23574525,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,mdubb82181,"Touted as the logical predecessor to Freelancer, Rebel Galaxy has all of the beauty and that is it. You can move forward, backward, and turn left or right. I should have listened. The price was good ($9.99 USD sale was hard to pass up)."
76561198056743245,Recommended,290300,25852160,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Bloom Mundy,Combat Music: Knife Party.
76561198061991958,Recommended,290300,19874158,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,xXx_mtv_xXx,best single-player space adventure game since Freelancer
76561197994024285,Not Recommended,290300,21528269,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Wraithbored,"A space privateer like game where you can only fly in 2D? So disappointing, also the main story is very generic and bland and very very very similar to Freelancer, and while these games are meant to be grindy so you can buy a better ship and better gear, the missions you perform to get said funds are incredibly repetitive and become very dull. The visuals of the game ARE nice and the soundtrack is amazing, but that still doesn't save this game from being mediocre at best."
,Recommended,290300,18585901,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Skyblade,"<Full Review Pending>I've played less than an hour of this game, but I'm already in love with it. The music tracks within the game are absolutely perfect and really gets me into the gameplay from just going to the bar or taking on other ships!"
,Not Recommended,290300,22012261,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Jon Snow,"Grindfest 10/10Gameplay 2/10Story 1/10Graphics 10/10Sound 10/10I love everything about what this game SHOULD HAVE been. It feels like a rushed college project where the devs just wanted to get it turned in and get their passing grade.The lack of content, the lack of everything in this game makes it a grindfest and a pretty boring one at that. Seriously you could buy this game, play the 3 hours and 59min and get your refund, because the next 25+ hours are the exact same thing.Missions are ""Go here and kill everything"" - No real strategy involved other than don't get overrun. You can kite for days.Ship upgrades lack diversity.There's nothing else to do. You fly around galaxies that all feel the same, going from point A to point B, mining and trade are simplistic time wasters that try to add complexity but fails."
,Recommended,290300,18656126,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,CPLWeeks,"Action-packed, easy to pick up, with a wicked soundtrack; Rebel Galaxy is reminiscent of Freelancer and FireFly. Saddle up and blaze your trail across the skies."
,Recommended,290300,18645856,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Pious,"People NEED to play this game. It is so much more fun than some ofthose hard core space sims like EVE and Elite. Its simple, fun, beautifulto look at and has one killer soundtrack. A guy that made a guide saidit is one of the quickest ways to feel like Malcom Reynolds, and he wasright. This is awesome!"
,Recommended,290300,18720157,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Redeyeflight,"It seems ""Freelancer"" and ""Starfleet Command"" had a love child, then let ""Darkstar One"" raise it.Everything about this game's vision makes me think it might be the chosen one.The arcade style exicution, lack of ship management options, and aparent focus on ""ACTION!!"" combat to the detriment of what makes a big ship space sim so engrosing make me second guess it's deification.For the momment it still holds my attention regardless of how shallow the combat has to be to sell to throngs of people in the mass marketing age (believe me, I get it, you don't want to make customers feel stupid.  They will blame your game).I don't feel it's going to keep me hooked to the end, but for twenty bucks it passes my ten hour rule for a thumbs up."
76561198151187661,Recommended,290300,18848319,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Tarthor,"Not only is this game inspired by one of the single greatest television shows ever made, Firefly, but it also is one of the single greatest games ever made. It's combat mechanics are normal, yes, but they still feel new. If your playing on a mouse and keyboard, I highly recomend that you get some sort of controller. Trust me, the game gets at least 80% better with the smooth movements of a controller's anolog sticks.Other aspects of epicness include its BADASS style. the graphics, gameplay, and ESPECIALLY music compliment this games similarity to Firefly. The only difference being that there are aliens, its rock type music instead of pure country, and the combat is space based, as opposed to firefly's ground based combat.Speaking of music, it's amazing. It may have been made before this game came out, but its almost as if it was MADE for this thing. (link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nSkh6g5ksvc) Its a mix of western country, and hard rock, and it practically is a music album that comes packaged with a game.All in all, 9/10, minus one because I havent gotten too far into it yet, but so far so good. I'll make an edit once ive completed it, and I'm pretty sure (or at least I hope) it'll get a 10/10"
,Recommended,290300,18798217,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Blazed,"I'm addicted.........That being said. This game is AWESOME. I'd of reviewed it sooner cause I instantly fell in love, but I've been unable to peel my eyes away. Every free minute I get on the PC, I'm playing this.It's a great semi-casual game that compares a lot to FTL in it's rougeness, and as far as combat and missions go it seems to take a lot away from EVE Online. There are other comparisons but these stand out the most. The missions and combat have managed to keep me just on my toes enough every time I start to open my mouth to say ""This is getting repetitive."" I get put in my place by some new tactic a higher level enemy is using. There is a bit of story line to the game, but It's there more to keep your compass from spinning as you progress than it to make the game linear. You could play for hours and hours and never touch the main mission and not get bored.I really can't think of much bad to say about this game. One downside that comes to mind is warp times can seem a bit long after you've been doing a lot of hopping around, but it's really not so bad as there are ways to negate it. Also, aiming with turrets at small targets can be a nuisance if they start maneuvering above or below you.Other than, a well spent 20 bucks. I've paid $40+ for a lot less entertaining crapware. If you enjoy Spacey, shiny thing. Get this damn game! You won't regret it."
76561198044619825,Recommended,290300,22379992,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,mcmorris23,"This is a pretty good space RPG. In addition to the main campaign quest, you pretty much go around the galaxy accepting different bounties so that you can upgrade your ship and complete the harder quests in the campaign. Almost all the bounties are combat-type bounties.You can also acquire money through trade on the commodities market, but it can be very time-consuming. The key to commodities trading is finding out what outposts will pay the highest for various products. For instance, a scientific oytposts will pay higher for intellectual property and tech stuff, but a rogue or outlaw outposts will pay more for illicit drugs and whatnot. You can also gain trading info by reading news boards and speaking to bartenders. Traveling between space stations and various parts of the galaxy can be boring. It can take several minutes to travel between points on opposite sides of the galaxy.The graphics are nice and the music is awesome, but it gets a little monotonous after awhile since it plays constantly on a loop throughout the entire game.The combat is interesting. It is ""naval-style"" combat, which means your primary guns fire from the side. This imposes a significant learning curve to combat since you have to fight sideways, which makes it harder to see incoming missiles. There are secondary weapons that you can switch to that don't require sideways combat, but then you have to constantly adjust your ship angle if you switch weapons a lot. It is challenging but rewarding when you finally get it all down.Rebel Galaxy is a fun and nice alternative to most space sims that require a lot of management and alliance building over a long period of time. Rebel Galaxy commences with all that by giving you a campaign and a ship. The rest is up to you."
76561198068051853,Recommended,290300,22492421,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,silly niggings,Best game I've ever played! The graphics are amazing and yet it's still not very hard to run. I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys space battles or future universes.
,Recommended,290300,18630272,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Scrappydew,Makes me proud to be a captain.9.8/10>>>>Let us have more mercenaries so we can create a fleet<<<<
76561198052861947,Recommended,290300,18639053,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Flavar,I am having a lot of fun with this game.Its simple but engaging gameplay and one really great soundtrack.The only really negative point for me is the save system. Everything runs on one savefile. I really hope that they will improve that.Go and try it out if you like scify games.
,Recommended,290300,23343273,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,ALL MY FRIENDS ARE DEAD,"Wall Street meets space.Graphics are pretty solid, performance is good. Plenty of depth in the game. Most missions are nothing special but the gameplay and extra things you can do is pretty nice (you can trade commodities to earn $$$$ which is cool).There are some faction mechanics but I haven't played enough to see how those work fully.One issue I have is that the main quest difficulty curves up like a mofo so you gotta do a fair bit of side missions on like the third or fourth mission before you can continue."
,Recommended,290300,23397214,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,TheSovietBunny,"Step 1 - Join the Merchants Guild for 10,000 CreditsStep 2 - Do a few delivery missionsStep 3 - ProfitWant more profit?Step 1 - Buy a Jump Drive and join the Merc's GuildStep 2 - Do a few missions for themStep 3 - Ultimate Profit"
,Recommended,290300,21555560,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Stoli,"It's kinda like dust II, but with a better sound track."
,Recommended,290300,23339191,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Pro7otype,"The reviews are bang on, this game is stellar.I don't have a LOT of time in it, and I'm still in the first system, but it's been worth every penny!Read the other reviews, and buy it, the best $10 you'll spend on steam!"
,Recommended,290300,23341114,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,J0natan,"I know it isn't technically a RPG but it feels like a RPG. And it is a short RPG at that. This is a good thing. If you don’t want 100+h RPGish game this is a good game for you. The gameplay loop, trade/do missions -> buy new/better gear -> repeat, sustains the game for the duration.  At the last main story mission, I felt satisfied. If it had been any longer I might have gotten bored. That being said I would probably buy an expiation containing a new tier of ships, so I could play ten more hours.The music is unexpectedly perfect, slide guitar.I like this game."
,Recommended,290300,23339479,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Avendoor,a seriously interesting game which prompts the player to think for themselves... sometimes dont rush it...
76561197972395749,Recommended,290300,23340769,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,[ЯтR] Lt. leviticus1 (Ret),Fairly easy game to grasp.  Pretty fun too.  Doesn't have the steep learning curve as the X Rebirth series which is a huge blessing.  That being said it is an open ended smuggling/fighting/etc type of game.  I think of it as like the Firefly TV series.  You can do good or evil or even a little of both.  I am still learning as I go but it quite an addictive game.
,Recommended,290300,23399562,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Friendly_neighborhood_whore,this game... is so freaking good!! but anyways heres the pro's and cons of itPros::like star wars:its a game:spaceships:can be a pirate:good for the pricenow cons::insanely addictive:cant move up or down:deprived me of sleep:ruining my social lifethe summary:this game is about starting off in a crappy spaceship saving your aunt or summin and then progressing to be a mega powerful good guy or pirate whilest also helping a wierd specter thing retrieve its artifactsps: i brought the gme 2 days ago from this review.....9/10
,Recommended,290300,23339811,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Bertolli the Bull,"I'm a leaf on the wind, watch how I soar...in this two dimensional space."
76561198083657915,Recommended,290300,25397254,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,myrmidon139,"One of the best games I've ever played. A little limited in scope (basic storyline, no first person stuff, okay graphics) and it can become a drag earning enough money to get a ship that isn't totally torn to pieces as you progress through the story.  That is all more than made up for in the intense, spectacular and tactical gameplay, also the soundtrack kills. Yes, do it, spend your money here."
76561198193932746,Recommended,290300,25523309,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,wfranco2089,This game is unique and definatley gives good value for cost. Not much story to get you invloved but the game play is great. The only problem with this game is that there is not more of it  to play.
,Recommended,290300,18626167,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Pestilence,"TL;DRIf you like economics / 2D naval style combat / challenge, get this game.It's worth more than you're paying.Pros:This game feels highly polished for the ~$20 price tag.Economics function quite well, are not random, and you can earn Credits fairly quickly once you see the patterns. (i.e. if there's a Militia Embargo on an outpost, bring it military style products for a nice profit)The ships are interesting and specialized. You feel accomplished when you get the next awesome ship and throw some killer components on it.Computer requirements are well within reach for most PC gamers.^>It feels very optimized and lag is infrequent.The graphics aren't comparable to BF4 but, it's a very pretty game.The story, though not entirely compelling at first, is well written as are the characters for their minimalistic impact on the game.There's been ZERO glitching. That's just fantastic.Cons:Difficulty may seem overwhelming at first but, you'll quickly understand the importance of picking your battles and what upgrades are needed. Until you learn to broadside properly, high-range turrets will be your best friend.I can't really think of any others at the moment. I've been having a really good time. :)Suggestions:Co-op Play would be EPIC in larger scale confrontations.When on the Commodity Window make a sortable LIST of the other outposts you've visited and their pricing instead of the slow ""here's the price at this location"" rotation. I've spent far too much time just sitting in my chair waiting for the outpost i want to see prices for pop up without having to go back into space and look at it on my map.The distance between the sides of your ship and stellar masses when trying to warp is too great. Front space is wonderful but, if i can turn my Radovich completely sideways and not hit what made my warp stop that's a problem.Also, a question to the Devs;Did a few members of your team REALLY enjoy ""Armada"" for the Dreamcast? Because this feels like what that game should have been. I loved that game when it came out and put far too much time into it and this feels heavily influenced by it.Comp specs:AMD FX-6300 OC'd to 4.5GHzRadeon R9 280 OC'd to 280x specsUltra setting, Full Screen, 1080p = 140FPS most of the time."
76561197973517051,Recommended,290300,18635425,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Warsyde,"A great alternative for people who want the fun of flying and upgrading a spaceship without the headache of an in-depth simulation and 6,270,421 different concepts to master just to get your ship undocked."
,Recommended,290300,18629653,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Takei Naodar,Must Play! Nuf said...
76561198014484414,Recommended,290300,18635620,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,CyberCheese,"After finishing the main campaign, I think I understand the game a little better.Good:-Great combat, 2D plane works fine since asteroids and non-player small fighters have a 3D plane to work with.-Good style and graphics.-Music is great too! The soundtrack is about 1.5 hours long. It is mutable so you can play your own.-Easy to pick up and play with enough intricacies for a great learning curve.Bad:-Diplomacy/communication system is mostly meaningless. No real choices as advertised in trailer.-Trade is not very lucrative, especially after leaving the first system (needs more expensive goods?).-Unless tipped off by a transponder; mining is too time consuming, too little profit.-Only enemies can have fleets, player can only have one single bounty hunter as a wingman (unless on a ship-protection mission)-HUD for shield and hull strength are nonexistent.-When pairing for warp, it takes too long to setup, especially if in an asteroid field (small complaint).Neutral:-No Crew system, this could have made the game much more in depth.-Collision Damage is very low, I'm not sure even the ramming deflector works?-Ship Cosmetics are uncustomizable.-Some missions require grinding/farming to prepare for (Specifically ""Dreadnaught"", ""Militia Meet Up"" for me)-Lasers OP (autohit)Hope you like the cold, ""juicy pickings""."
76561198083060022,Recommended,290300,18634338,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Russell Murfee,"Definitely the best space game since Freelancer. I've been waiting years for something similar to Freelancer and this does not disappoint. It has broadside combat for the most part, which is pretty fun once you get used to it. My only complaints so far are that there are not a wide array of ships to choose from. I think I've seen 5 so far. There are also huge ships that the enemies have with smaller fighter ships that surround them in combat but you cannot use one of these ships.Other than that the game is pretty awesome. I'm really enjoying it and look forward to finishing up a gameplay as the good guy so I can be a pirate in the next round."
76561197990395265,Recommended,290300,18620773,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Chimera,This game rocks! Imagine a Borderlands + Cowboy Beebop feeling with broadside naval combat and space exploration a la Freelancer and you got it.
76561198066867264,Recommended,290300,20138813,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Decima9000,"As much as I wish there were more ships and  verticle maneuverability, I have a hard time not loving this game.It's almost everything I was looking for in Elite Dangerous. With Increasing difficulty as you progress and scaling rewards from missions, this game scratches an itch that no other game could reach."
76561198239620238,Recommended,290300,23864111,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Stille Willem,Flying on a hyperdrive doesn't transport you to the other end of the map immediately.8/10 for realism.
76561198046556025,Recommended,290300,24597672,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,auto107625,Space Piracy.... what more needs to be said
76561198028217337,Recommended,290300,18596194,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Space Captain in SPAAAAACE,"Fun, pretty, good mechanics, challenging, and the music is FANTASTIC. What more can you ask for?"
,Recommended,290300,28674336,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Strange,"Rebel Galaxy is a swashbuckling space adventure, with action-packed combat, exploration, discovery, trade, and “negotiation” with the outlandish denizens at the edge of the known universe.Pros- Big, open universe- Different playstyle- Space combatCons- Trade's a crapshoot- No faction personality- Unable to fly up or downOverall, I give this a 7/10. I enjoy playing but the control do not allow to fly up or down."
76561198110496639,Recommended,290300,28476064,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,JustWes,"Solid game. Rebel Galaxy probably won't be your favorite game ever, and you probably won't invest hundreds of hours into it, but you will enjoy it and remember it fondly. Also the soundtrack is amazing."
76561198022415153,Recommended,290300,28480003,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,invaderzim48,"I hesitate to give this a positive review, but I suppose it is good in its own quirky way.  The gameplay itself is very, very, very, VERY repetitive however the story is fairly decent and the combat is pretty satisfying albiet two dimensional with massive broadsides, but no real fighter play, there are fighters, but A you can't control one of them and B outisde of large groups they are just annoying. After the end of the story thats pretty much it, you can continue to grind if you wish, but there isn't much to do. I reccomend it on sale."
,Recommended,290300,25810586,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,mr palomar,"This is a FUN game. Very Fun!I keep looking for the single ultimate magic answer for my space game hunger.  The more games I try, the more clear it becomes: there is no answer - there are many different answers, each answering in a slightly different way.. and some answer better than others.  Rebel Galaxy is one Very Good answer!  I may not yet have spent quite as much time in this game as in some of my other favorites (X3AP, Rebirth, Evochron, Starsector, Endless Sky, SPG2, Freelancer, iWar2) - but I have enjoyed every single minute of it!Its fun and refreshing and easy to sink your teeth into, and has a great space swashbuckler feel to it.  Rebel Galaxy is a great game and I happily recommend it.  There's also something to be said for the modesty of it - a great value that kinda flies under the radar, and doesn't seem to get the applause it deserves.Other reviews and the description will give you a pretty good idea what it's about.  I just wanted to give a quick thumbs-up, as I've been meaning to for about a year.  The idea of Freelancer + Firefly gives a good general sense of gameplay and theme.  At first I was reluctant due to the 'flat space' nature of it, but it turns out it just feels right - and fresh, and fun.Anyway - if there's (hopefully!) any DLC or a RG2, I'll be all over it, instantly, no questions asked.  Not many games have earned that kind of trust!  Well done Dev's, thanks for a Fun game - and I really hope you have more of this yet to come in the not too distant future!"
,Recommended,290300,24091634,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Rzuf,"I am no longer playn this game, but soundtrack is still with me on long runs in wilderness, especialy fast tracks. Gives so much energy when i am in need!Game is ok, good performance on low spec machine, cool athmosphere, but game is very repetetive."
,Recommended,290300,20272782,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Knave_of_blades,"I've played a lot of similar games.  This one carries a feel of a western in space.  It has some of the ambience of Firefly, but the multi-alien world setting you'd expect more from Starwars.  I wont claim that it is a polished gem, the likes of which you've never seen.  But I will say, I had a lot of fun with it once I got past the mild learning curve."
,Recommended,290300,20272776,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,[LLJK]Ragnarokz,"I originally bought this game when it was launched, it didn't work back then, so I requested a refund.Then I picked it up, again, a few days ago, having been overwhelmed by positve word of mouth. And it worked absolutely flawlessly, and it is pretty damn good.There is a lesson to be learned, make sure your game works when you launch it. You got my money, but not as much as you could have.Good game now, well done."
,Recommended,290300,24772240,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Lost Exiled,This game have good space ships. I like ships. Wish there is more ships.
76561198038904235,Recommended,290300,29649383,Posted: 2 February,all,Furox,"Do you like explosions? Good fightin' music? Adding in your own tunes for battle? Intense space battles? Actual travel? Getting bigger badder weapons and then customizing your loadout? (Tactical) pauses? A solid single-player story? Some good campaign length with decent/easy/difficult side quests? Do you like markets and cheesing a universal economic system? Do you prefer to run/be a wimp? Do you like to have a quiet time in space? Do you like taking pictures and being a tourist? Do you like Rebel Galaxy?Get it, now.Blow Pirates to bits.Love it!"
76561198001049745,Recommended,290300,25806512,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,ThaWolf,"Loved that game, want MORE!"
,Recommended,290300,18633609,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Bong Yomsky,"This game represents everything that's right about games.A couple of guys named Erich Schaefer and Travis Baldree put this thing together. Between the two of them, they've had a hand in Fate, Mythos, Diablo II, and Torchlight. If you liked those games, and have played Freelancer or the little known Escape Velocity, this game should be an instant buy. Even if you haven't played space based ARPGs, you should buy this game.Why? It feels good to play, and everything in the game is secondary to it feeling good to play. That's how it represents everything that's right about games: it focuses on playing as being the critical element. The controls, sounds, and looks of the game come together to make it feel like you're playing something that's meant, designed, and created to be played, above all else.What really drives the game is the desire to kill things and become space rich, so you can kill stronger things and become even more space rich. It's the drive to kill, loot, and kill and loot even more that keeps the player going.If you're into narrative heavy games, then you probably should pass on this. The story is campy, and not something that you'll remember for crazy plot twists or complex drama. But it's just interesting enough to keep you moving forward.Rebel Galaxy has some sim-lite features, though not especially fleshed out. A player can disrupt a trade convoy, which keeps supplies low and prices high at a station. Or they can break through a blockade, and exploit the need for supplies to work towards becoming space rich.Looking forward, this game provides a solid foundation for further features to be developed. I think this has a lot of potential to become an even better game, with deeper complexities driving the sim-lite features.Really though, if you played and loved kill & loot driven games like Diablo II & Torchlight, or especially if you have played Freelancer or Escape Velocity... you need to buy this."
,Recommended,290300,18634464,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Kras,Just like an RPG run around doing fetch qusts. BUT space cowboy setting and music. You can even import your own playlist. Lots of fun do.
,Recommended,290300,23664392,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,SPQY,"The gameplay in this is really quite fun. The story is adequate, I suppose, but not really what the game is about.If you had asked me my opinion of the game about 15 hours in, my review would be much more mixed. This game does require quite a bit of grind. Luckily, there are enough things to do that you can probably find something fun to do.By the end of the game I was loving it. Great atmosphere and soundtrack."
76561198016745069,Recommended,290300,18796330,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Tomadu,"Excellent progression system. Badass ship designs. Solid space arcade combat. Satisfying explosions. Not a big fan of the space cowboy vibes in the human accents and OST, but they give you options to customize your own game soundtrack using your own mp3s, which more than makes up for it for me. More games should follow that level of customization. Did I mention how badass the ship designs are?"
76561198061623700,Recommended,290300,25784784,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,marcinzajkowski,"This game is amazing.If you've enjoyed relics like Escape Velocity or Freelancer you will lover this.It is a moder, high definition, high quality, smooth, clean revival of an old style space exploration/combat/trading game.It's simple, clean, with an excellen soundtrack, buttery space sound effects and a simple format.You don't need a manual to get into it, but it's not without a good challenge or storyline.I love it, 10/10, I hope they expand this game because I will gladly contribute."
76561198080370439,Recommended,290300,28908021,Posted: 1 January,all,bluehistory2013,"VEry cool game.  Not a huge fan of the primary weapons being broadside only, but that is also what makes the game unique.  I like the overall tone of the game, kind of like a wild west space adventure without tyring to hard."
,Recommended,290300,23339771,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Soviet Fox ☭,"Epic game! I wish it was multiplayer, but otherwise I have no large complaints!+Game starts you out with a decent ship, decent side-missions to earn credits fairly fast (no heavy grinding which is awesome)+Interesting storyline, keeps staying interesting throughout (not that far in yet)+Choose your own allies, side, fighting style+Epic music, or you can use your own+Blast aliens, or if they're blasting you negotiate to give 'em your cargo to let you free. Cool immersion that way+Dropped outta warp, destroyed some aliens with a full broadside rapidly, messily slapped all over their ship. 10/10-No 3D movement, you move on a flat plane (side to side)... Think the Star Trek: Orion Pirates game of old.-Not multiplayer-Can't set the slaves free-No slave catgirls"
,Recommended,290300,18591979,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Jehannum,Thank you for finally making a game that can scratch that Freelancer itch Travis and Erich. You have made my year.
,Recommended,290300,18592359,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Cbird,"I'm only two hours in but I think I may have finally found a game that will scratch that Escape Velocity Nova / Freelancer itch. In other words, it's good."
76561197994583970,Recommended,290300,18593049,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Kimakaze,Helped Militia takedown some pirate frigates. Lost 50% of hull in the process. Tries to get paid by taking some illegal organs cargo. Gets scanned after the fight ends. Get scanned. Kills militia I saved 30 seconds ago. 10/10
,Recommended,290300,18593669,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Jag,"So much fun. It's a game I had no idea I was waiting for. Think Freelancer, Privateer, Starfleet Command with a Firefly theme.  It's big budget value at an indie price. Stop reading and buy it!"
76561198042634433,Recommended,290300,21993408,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,ExploratorStavros,"I didn't know quite what to expect. But from the trailer it looked like it would be an absolute wild ride.It is.I don't know what pulled me in more: The incredible soundtrack, which while somewhat short, never ever got old and always pumped me up for taking on a whole enemy flotilla single-handedly while being completely out-classed and out-gunned. Or the visuals which are stunning from the very beginning.This game has hit a perfect spot of being scifi and western: a playable Firefly. It keeps you enthralled even after you finish the story. The developers really hit spot on on the idea of purely enjoyable gameplay. It's not complex and convoluted. It's not necessarily simple either. you have to think about how you approach your enemy. What weapons are best, do you go with massive firepower or shield and hull strength? A middle ground? How can a small cruiser take on a dreadnought 5 times it's size without getting obliterated?There are a couple pseudo-downsides, other than the (epic) short soundtrack,The first somewhat downside to this game is that because it's their first one (as far as i can tell), they weren't able to make it bigger, or the story longer. There isn't much character development, however they put a LOT of thought into what was there, such as if you listen to the alien languages, you can actually pick up what words mean what in the translations. I'm a language nerd and that scored MAJOR points for me.The other downside is that you have to get used to it not being a 'realistic' space game, since you are playing on a flat plane, you cannot do spins or attack from above or below as you would imagine being able to in theoretical 'real' space combat.But the gameplay is so fun that, at least for myself, i completely discarded that particular misgiving and simply had fun with it.This is quite honestly one of the best games i've played in YEARS, i can't recommend it more.This is one of the few games where not only do i WANT more, i NEED more."
76561198048826447,Recommended,290300,22090288,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,karljuhlke,"A ""Firefly""-esc game with a lot of mileage for the price. Easy to play, this game has fun addictive gameplay that encourages you to choose to be a miner, trader, pirate, or militant. Definitely worth the price."
76561197962611115,Recommended,290300,22227923,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,TrippleFES,"Meh, it was fun enough I guess."
76561198278566213,Recommended,290300,22007577,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,More8,"Now this game is solid FUN! Period! I'm an emotional gamer so for me what makes or breaks a game is the FEELING a game emotes. It does not have to be perfect next gen graphics, or super solid gameplay, or the most original story ever. If it feels right and gives enjoyement then it's a success for me. Now obviously all previously mentioned things add up to the overall feel of a game. However they are like spice and are not the sole source of the 'magic' of a game. The cornerstone needs to be set right with a game or the whole building will start sinking crooked. For me this elusive thing in games is the feeling they magically either have or don't have. Take this game for example. It does not have award winning graphics or plot or even character development. It does not have a particularly interesting story and the game makes no pretentions of it either. This game is not trying to be serious about itself and that my friends is what made a movie called tremors such a great fun flick in it's time. Solid practical effects, avoiding tongue in cheek direction or story for that matter is what made that movie have a great FEEL to it. Same here. By looking on this game's merits on paper by all means this should be a flop, but it's completely and utterly the opposite! This is why people betting on money and calculating companies trying to bank a bazillion of whatever currency they can get a hold of, will never see the light of day how to make a good solid fun entertainment! All I can say is, try this game out if you are a person like me and care for the overall feeling of a gameplay experience. The good thing this game has on paper is it's soundtrack :D Perfect campy fun in a great way!However no game is perfect and hardly is this title here. This game is EASY to get into, but after awhile it becomes a grindtastic repetitive romp with not so good AI. Beware of these things if you are easily turned off. It did not turn me off so much because the overall easiness and feeling the game churns out kept me at it enjoying getting better ships and weaponry. I am a casual gamer and I appreciate when a game is this accessible. However of course it would be great if this game had more depth and polish into it as it progresses or the main quest line is exhausted. The devs could maybe make DLC for this title? Anyway I'm certainly looking for a sequel that tackles more with this titles shortcomings. I loved freelancer and was immediately at home with this one. Besides freelancer was not so much more complex gameplaywise as this one is. Fond memories tend to get golden in time. I liked this one, so maybe give it a cautious try if you liked freelancer.."
76561198041313047,Not Recommended,290300,22092545,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,rozarack,You can only get about 3-4 weeks of gameplay.  Games seems to be have been abaondoned by the developers.  Their website is no longer being updated and no news of updates.
76561197985546422,Recommended,290300,22182504,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Barak,"Easy to pick up and play, plenty to do and a decent story line.Worth the money for the sound track alone"
,Recommended,290300,20200711,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,iKindred,"Very well executed space RPG with the right vibe, specially for Firefly fans. The graphics, controls, mechanics are really good and the soundtrack is just amazing.It has a few flaws but It's worth getting it even at full price."
76561198018716534,Recommended,290300,18955389,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Sheytanaslan,I wont try and detail why I love this game. You have to play it to understand. I will say you will not be disappointed!
76561197976873296,Recommended,290300,23318775,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Obama's America,Awesome game.
76561197968391897,Recommended,290300,23318592,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,ΜӘĸąИỊk,absolutely loved it. i really hope to see some DLC and or a sequel. a bit short but still a great game
76561198056169544,Not Recommended,290300,29955265,Posted: 15 February,all,Toastronaut,"If you enjoy space fling simulators with a singular axis for navigation and the occassional point and click combat, this game is for you."
76561198241421228,Not Recommended,290300,30163815,Posted: 25 February,all,SillyRabbit,"controls are very poor, combat is a mess. travelling around is no fun. fetch, fetch, fetch. can't see the point."
76561198044483567,Not Recommended,290300,30024947,Posted: 18 February,all,Nautis,"After careful consideration, I can't recommend this game as it stands. It has a lot of potential, but due to various bugs and imbalances it fails to live up to that potential. The system it uses to classify mission difficulties is spotty (some very high risk missions are easy, while some low risk missions are very difficult). Escort missions are extremely buggy: escorts path back and forth regularly, they have almost no armor and NPCs don't have aggro tables AFAIK, if you engage personal warp for even a moment you immediately fail the escort. Some missions have you kill another faction's ships with no warning, so it's tricky to farm faction rep when a mercenary guild mission for 15 rep might have you killing merchant guild ships and losing 30 rep with them. On top this, it's extremely grindy. Get to a system, buy modules that are ~50% stronger than the ones you entered the system with, move to the next system since all the content in that system is obsolete now. Aside from the story, it's the same missions grinded over and over. ""Go here and kill these two groups of enemies"" ""Escort this trade prince to that station"" ""Take this cargo from point A to point B"". Honestly, this feels like a game that someone worked long and hard on, but then 80% of the way in they decided they needed to wrap it up ASAP and filled the last 20% with hollow, paper mache content. For the first 10 hours or so it was fun, but once you realize that it's just going to be the same recycled grind over and over it leaves you with a sinking feeling of ""why am I still doing this?"""
,Not Recommended,290300,29976562,Posted: 16 February,all,Gary Gyarados,Why can i only fly 2d in a 3d world.....
76561197965258653,Recommended,290300,23734766,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Ben (Mbweha),"If you've ever wanted to pretend you're a captain in the Joss Whedon's Firefly universe, buy this game."
76561197999230480,Recommended,290300,23947192,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,R3dtail,"The best way to describe this game, I think, is to imagine a simplified Freelancer that doesn't take itself nearly as seriously. It has this sort of disjointed western-slash-Caribbean pirate theme to it that works brilliantly in its favor, lending a much needed injection of comic-book stylization to the genre of space trade & combat sim.The voice acting is good enough not to be grating or distracting, which is great.What's a little less great (but maybe not by a lot) is the two-dimensional flight. Again, simplified. A 6DOF shooter, this is not. If you can do naval combat, you will probably do fine here. To me, this makes the game feel a little strange, not being able to fly up or down in space. But not a deal breaker.The soundtrack is very fun and unique, but some of the tracks end up sounding a little same-y after a few hours.Gameplay pacing moves about the same as Freelancer, so if you enjoyed that title, you will probably feel justified in spending full price on this one. If you're expecting a fast-paced space shooter, maybe wait until it goes on sale."
76561197975177853,Recommended,290300,23834499,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,varmisciousknid,who knew simplifying space combat could make things more fun?
76561198022466405,Recommended,290300,23909910,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Badrinath,"I think it's hard for me to express how much I'm in love with this game. The unique style of 'flat' space combat allows for combat to be focused on broadside cannons. The lack of a ""Z"" axis of movement allows focus for more tactical real time decision making in combat instead of focusing on keeping your nose pointed at a lead indicator like most space games.The music and theme are amazing as well! This is the frontier of space, so naturally theres an old west theme throughout The music consists of driving rock & metal rooted in the old west. It evokes fond memories of the T.V. show Firefly during some chords.It's worth mentioning that if you're looking for a space exploration game along the lines of the X series or Elite, that's not really what this is. This is a space adventure with exploration elements. On sale this game is an absolute must buy imo, but it's worth the current full price as well."
76561198012299128,Recommended,290300,23998279,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Monk,"I like this game.  A LOT!  I bought it because I was looking for something similar to EVE, but without the malicious player base that EVE is notorious for.  This game filled that nitch nicely.PROS:This is one of the few games I've played recently, where the keyboard/mouse control scheme is every bit as good as the Console Controller scheme.    Intuitive and effective keyboard control make this a joy to play without a controller.The Graphics are Very nice, and Don't require a Monster video card to run.  (I'm running it on an old nvidia 9800 gt with 512mb of Vram and it runs just fine.  Framerate rarely drops below 60fps, unless I turn on depth of field and motion blur.  Then it still plays fine until I get into a nebula, where my framerate starts to crawl with certain effects, so I would recommend playing with those two settings turned off if you are using a lower end video card.The story is interesting enough and the voice acting is well done.The combat is where this Game really really shines.  It's very well executed, with controls that feel natural and fluid, and the explosions when enemy ships pop are extremely satisfying.The 'Missions' section of the game  is well set up and fun to play.  Mining works fine, and trading is functional enough.You can hire a mercenary (only one at a time) to fly with you and help you fight, and early in the game, they are quite strong.This game has a really cool feature called 'warp pairing' where you escort a ship by moving up in a flanking position and select the 'enable warp pairing' feature, that basicly causes you to follow the lead ship through warp while staying in formation  (sort of like gang warping in EVE online)  It works well most of the time, however, asteroid fields and such can cause the ship you're escorting to get a little confused sometimes.  It's still fun to do though and is a nice change from the typical; ""Go here and kill everything."" type missions.Cons:One of the biggest Cons for me is the difficutly system.  It is based on a number of factors, (Star system, equipment grade, ship type, etc) and it works well early on.  However around the later part of the second system and beyond, the difficulty gets a bit unstable.  You will run into large difficulty spikes that seem to come out of nowhere.  It leaves the game feeling a little unpolished, and can be frustrating.  (in the second system, I was using all Mark III equipment and weapons, and I got a Mark IV mining laser from an enemy drop so I popped it on... and promptly got blown up over and over again until I took that little booger back off again.  Adding that one cheesy mining laser pushed me up into a higher difficulty bracket and made doing even simple missions very difficult or even impossible.  My advice?  Don't upgrade weapons one at a time.  Save your money and do them all at once so you actually have the firepower to take on that next difficulty bracket.)Trading can be profitable, but is a bit clunky.  There is no realtime feed telling you what prices are in various stations/systems so the only way to see if you will make a profit is to physically go there and look for yourself.  A live feed (or at the very least a price list that updates once a day or so, would be a huge help, and would save the player from making tons of wasted trips to stations.)One of the few things I dislike about the keyboard/mouse setup is what I call; ""the-one-press-wonder-key"".  The 'E' key does various things depending what is available at the moment.  The problem lies with the fact that if several options are open at the same time, the key starts popping from one option to another as you fly close to them.  I've been caught trying to 'tractor beam' some loot into my hold and had the prompt switch as I'm pressing the key so that instead of getting the loot, I warp away.  Same thing when trying to loot while close to a station.  You end up docking instead of looting.  This happens alot and is pretty frustrating sometimes.Enemies tend to spam really annoying weapons at you when you move beyond the first area.  Leach missles and mines that screw up your engines and shields are used constantly in the later game and they are quite irritating.  There are ways to protect yourself to an extent, but they require precious component slots to equip, and most ships don't have enough space for all the systems you will need.Verdict:Even with the Cons mentioned above, I find this game very fun (I've spent over 300 hours on Rebel Galaxy at the time of this writing) and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a Space ship game based around Capital ship combat and broadside bombardments!  There's nothing as satisfying as scraping hulls with an enemy ship and unleashing your Broadsides into it!  Amazing!"
76561197964365857,Recommended,290300,23714886,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,TestSubject798,"Excellent game!!Game play is fun and combat is addictive.Yes it's 'only' 2D combat, but that makes it even more fun.You get the sense of actually piloting a large capital ship instead of a bloated fighter (EVE I'm looking at you).Graphics are excellent; as is the sound/voice acting.The music is freakin' awesome :)Well worth the purchase at twice the price!"
76561197983568844,Recommended,290300,23742266,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,jimstuckless,"This game is really fun. I bought it and I played it for a hundred+ hours.I'd recommend it to anyone who likes sandbox / space exploration / shoot em up's....well........I'd recomend it to nearly everyone.    I WOULDN'T recommend it to anyone who was involved with the creation of a game called Freelancer that came out nearly ten years ago.... they'd probably wonder why these game developers stole every single idea they had in their game... slapped some differnet names on the characters 'n races .... and started charging people money for it like it was their own original idea.Don't get me wrong.... I really like this game (probably because it's practically identical to freelancer... which I loved ten years ago). I would, and do, recommend it to all who like this genre.But I'm left wondering...... did the developers buy the rights to the original Freelancer game? ...did they just steal EVERY idea they used in their game from it thinking nobody would notice???  ... or did they think that gamers inevitably forget about the games they love and play for hundreds upon hundreds of hours as the years pass.I haven't forgotten about Freelancer.... and in my opinion.... even for a ten year old game.... it's still better than this one."
,Recommended,290300,23863048,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Adolf Hipster,"Not for every spaceship pilot. You drive the spaceship on a 2d plane, but it isn't quite like driving on a floor. It feels like you're actually driving a spaceship, not a car. At least for me. Up-Down would be nice, but it's alright.Combat, is fun as hell. Never gets old, especially if you try new turret combos etc. You can either pour accurate broadside fire from afar, or turn on your deflectors and ram the enemy ships in the♥♥♥♥♥Soundtrack, is freaking awesome. Gameplay gets a little repetitive after a little while, but on sale, it's worth it."
76561197995403834,Recommended,290300,23787240,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mcweezle,"I love this game! I do most of my playing when I'm on duty and have some down time, so please, don't let my in game time fool you. I have played this game A LOT! It has it's qwerks, but there's noting like releasing a full hail of weaponry down range from your broadside cannons! I really like the music as well. I also like the fact that if you don't like the music, you can change it to whatever you like. Sure, there is some repetition here and there. Seems every bartender in the galaxy is the same person. It really doesn't bother me that bad.This works great with the Steam controller. Controlls are intuitive and eas to learn. It'll be no time at all before you are out and about fiding the best prices for the goods you have, or out hunting bounties for killing local thugs. Be warned though, tis game can get brutal really fast. Where you might dominate in one system, you can get totally owned in the next system.I will say this, while it doesn't have the free flying 3D movement, this game does take me back to my love for Freelancer. They do manage to make it feel natural.If your shy about the price, catch it on sale."
76561198013112886,Recommended,290300,23808863,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Shai-Hulud,"Kind of a gem. I got really burned out on overly complicated space sims. This was exactly what I was looking for, and i'm only 6 hours in."
76561198034473580,Recommended,290300,23746534,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,thewetroad,"Really fun simple game - simple flying, simple economics, simple story, simply fun.  Wanted a new Freelancer and this did the job."
76561197998851273,Recommended,290300,23911397,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Streeky Flinders,When I first say this game pop up in the store it looked really amazing and since I got it from the summer sale it was one of the great purchases I ever made. Some of the sounds in the game remind me of Star Wars almost like when I start up my ship's engine to warp the sounds it makes reminds me of Anakin Skywalker's racing vehicle he drove when he was a kid. The music also fits this game cause it makes me feel like I'm actually in a spaceship battle.
,Recommended,290300,23852081,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Sir Ramza,"Its like Firefly, Cowboy Bebop and a Pirate Game had a son, and that son is beautiful"
76561198041547842,Recommended,290300,23885046,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Grumposaur,"For the price, this is a great game. It goes a long way to capture what it might be like to be a space outlaw. A controller is certainly recommended but the devs don't hide that. It may not have the content of some AAA games, but it is certainly worth a purchase at under $20."
76561198007240278,Recommended,290300,23717442,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Naburimannu,"Not bad - it's got about a dozen hours of fun in the core mechanic. It'll take you perhaps twice that to reach the endgame, and that's a pacing problem - because you'll be far short of the peak power level unless you spend an extra dozen hours or more grinding first."
76561198055179394,Recommended,290300,23957165,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Dragola901,"Rebel Galexy is a great free roam sandbox game that combines good combat and character personality.The game at times is fun, but can also be boring. The story may not be A+ material but it does give you purpose. The game runs great on both a gtx 750ti and 970 at high.Overall I find it's great for exploration and combat but lacks in story.System:Fx-8350 (4.0GHz)Gtx 9708GB DDR3250GB SSD + 1TB HDD"
,Recommended,290300,23912934,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,grimjesta,"There's a little bit of grinding to do in this game, but they keep it fun and somewhat interesting (the bad♥♥♥♥♥music helps), and it is mainly in the beginning of the game when your ship is miserable. But once you get a decent ship with good gear, the game becomes a total blast. EVen the repetiton of side missions somehow remains fun.It's the closest to a Firefly video game I'll ever get, I guess.Pretty top-notch, this game."
,Recommended,290300,27295165,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kontonno,"Followed this game during it's development and was intrigued by it's take on a navel-style broad side combat. I know some might want verticle access for combat but honestly, this game doesn't need it. If you're familiar with the ship combat in Assassin's Creed: Black Flag then you'll know exactly how this game plays. The game is packed full of side quests, your classic fetch, eliminate, gather and escort. Several factions exist and many are joinable, some at war with one another so there is a sense of choice but it's not very deep. There's plenty of freedom, being a pirate is entirely possible but expect resistence.The sound for this game is great, from the mechanical vibrations, rising whurrs and powerful sounding blasts, it all feels very appropriate to the space exploration theme. With a very firefly esque feel to the music, you get that space-cowboy feeling right off the bat. There's an option to add your own easily, if you prefer as well.People looking for an extremely rich story and lore, incredibly complex combat mechanics and deep reputation based faction reputation systems might be a little disappointed, Rebel Galaxy certainly has these things but they're light. Overall, this a great 20 hour game with outstanding sound, combat and just enough exploration and progress to keep you going to the end. I wish there was a little more to story and lore but overall, I can't explain. If you can grab it on sale, totally worth it."
,Not Recommended,290300,24073570,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Dinoracha,"Action games set in space tend to, at least from my point of view, fall into two categories; simulation heavy or too arcadey. As someone with an interest in space games, I’ve been after a game that falls somewhere in the middle of this spectrum while leaning towards the arcadey side, but such a balance is a pipe dream. Having pages of complex mechanics takes away the fun and asks me to resemble more of an actual space captain, but having too little makes me feel like I’m not in a space opera and more of a space spaghetti western. Rebel Galaxy may lean strongly on the arcade side of the spectrum, but for all of its options and customization choices when it comes to kitting out your ship, the strategy and tactical demand is downright non-existent, leaving my time in space feeling very lacking.Rebel Galaxy feels more like space cowboys rather than a wide, expansive space opera, and the soundtrack certainly helps bring that out. While other action games in space tend to play with 3D movement or have overhead tactical views, Rebel Galaxy has capital ships locked to a 2D axis while smaller gunships and fighters can buzz around in 3D. This may sound bizarre, but the combat has been built around this fact; it’s set up naval-style, as if ships were set on an ocean and not in space. The main source of firepower for both enemies and yourself will be the broadside cannons, side-mounted weaponry that can be charged up for better efficiency and accuracy. This results in capital ships jockeying for better position to unload their broadsides into opposition without receiving counter-fire of their own since a fully charged broadside volley will inflict heavy damage on shields and armor, nevermind tear gunships asunder. Your ship can also be equipped with turrets, secondary weapons like missiles or flak, and of course a variety of components and defensive measures which you will need if you want to survive later sectors. Combat will generally involve a handful of capital ships accompanied by a variety of fighters versus yourself, with the former also firing at you with their broadsides and whatever else they have. Your main strategy will likely be wiping out the fighters first before slipping behind capital ships to avoid their broadside fire - In fact this will likely be your only strategy through the whole entire game, unfortunately. Even with an assortment of different weapon types (lasers, energy launchers, mines, EMP, shield leechers, etc), buzzing in behind a ship to avoid being lit up by their main cannons can be a sure fire tactic if you can avoid other ships, although later on capital ships get incredible defensive upgrades that take a long time to whittle down. Ships have four stages of defense: Deflectors which can be drained to negate damage, shields that protect the armor plating on one of four sides of the ship, and finally the hull which is a ship’s ‘health’. While the combat is lacking in terms of strategy and tactics, the frantic nature of large skirmishes never fails to be great fun to take part in regardless of if it’s just you and a hired mercenary or if it’s happening upon the local militia coming to blows with pirates. The fun is typically drained however when you encounter a fleet of fighters on their own who will swarm you in moments, spamming turret and missile fire that drain your defenses faster than you can blink, or when you warp to a new sector only to discover that the enemies there make short work of your defenses and you have to warp back in order to upgrade.Speaking of upgrades, that’s where the vast majority of your money will be invested in - Better ways of blowing up people and better ways of keeping from blowing up. The archetypes to space game activities are combat, trade, mining, and missions, and these are all means of getting credits in Rebel Galaxy, although mining is a low payoff time-sink more than anything else. Destroying ships can result in dropped cargo or storage containers (glorified space treasure chests) full of loot, or a bounty reward if that ship is a wanted target. Cargo can be sold to traders or at stations through a simplified market system that fluctuates depending on activity in that sector, like armed conflicts requiring militaristic equipment or famine requiring foodstuffs to be delivered. Some enemy encounters will merit no reward whatsoever, ending up being a waste of deployable ammunition or money for repairs, but you can scan enemy ships to see if they’re carrying anything of value, you can just warp away when at a safe distance if they’re not (unless your engines are sabotaged by certain enemies). Missions will generally be the highest payout for credits, ranging from seek and destroy to cargo delivery, but near the final acts of the game upgrades and new ships cost an incredible amount. Near my final few hours I’d have to run two or three missions before being able to even consider trading my old turrets up for a better model, and even then the upgrade in damage isn’t all that spectacular. The most noticeable changes come in the form of your defenses, and as mentioned these are requirements regardless of the size and speed of your ship. Most of the time you’ll be saving up for a new warp drive since basic flight is far too slow, but even coming relatively close to any ships, asteroids or debris will pull your ship out of warp, often forcing you to boost through the location until you can safely activate warp again. This makes getting around needlessly annoying unless you plan a specific route to avoid any locations, but later on enemies can disrupt your warp out of nowhere to initiate combat even if your route is between safely accessible stations.There is a story to Rebel Galaxy and it’s serviceable at best, unsavory types are after an alien artifact, and your character needs to find out more about it. The story has you hopping from mission to mission which takes you to other sectors where the danger and rewards grow. The jump in difficulty tends to come from enemy ships being sturdier and harder hitting rather than the mission objectives themselves becoming more complicated and involved. It leaves the game feeling incredibly repetitive, which would be tolerable if the basic strategy for encounters wasn’t so simple and blunt. I did finish the game and even enjoyed myself for a majority of the time, but eventually the game became more of a dutiful march than an active desire to develop greater strategies in battle or examine the market closely to maximize my trading profits or to take on distant missions that require jumping to other sectors. With combat being the forefront of Rebel Galaxy’s campaign, most of its brains and staying power tends to fall flat. Any hopes of having a fleet of your own ships is also kneecapped since you’re restricted to one mercenary at a time, and despite being able to command them via pausing the game and scrolling down a menu (which is clunky and poorly executed), they tend to have a death wish and won’t get out of dodge when in danger - Namely when flying into a barrage of cannon fire instead of taking a safer route of attack.Rebel Galaxy may not have ended up scratching the space game itch I’ve been after, but it did give me around 33 hours of entertainment, with most of that being from side missions. It’s difficult for me to recommend the game unless you’re someone who is after a space game that leans heavily towards action and arcade-style gameplay with a lesser focus on the simulation side of things, but even then after multiple hours the gameplay begins to lack tactical value after using the same old silly routine of getting behind large ships and dumping all your weaponry into their backside. If more depth had been applied to the combat than I would give a definitive yes, but Rebel Galaxy ends up feeling far too simple-minded and dull in the end."
76561197979260961,Recommended,290300,27739719,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ludeman,I like this game for about 20 hrs then you have seen all there is to see.  Really needs more content.  This game feels more like a naval battle then a space battle.   Again not bad at all so get it on sale and enjoy for 10 to 20 hrs.
,Recommended,290300,18651541,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,SilentTrigger,"First thing I did in this game... I renamed my ship to Serinity.The music is awesome, and the gameplay reminds me of freelancer and I get a total Firefly vibe.What's not to like?!I definitely recommend this game"
,Recommended,290300,23834541,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Polar,I started off wanting to be a mercenary and kill everything that wasn't on my side. Soon discovered that I would make more money buying a barracuda (fast ship) and just transporting water and circuit boards to different solar systems. Made millions transporting useless crap and then bought the biggest ship with the best armaments. Returned to being a mercenary and laughed my way to victory.10/10
76561198005824795,Recommended,290300,23433778,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Kage,"The Good:*Combat, while limited by the ""age of sail"" mentality and 3rd person view, is quite entertaining.*Piracy, through force or ""persuasion"". Nothing more entertaining or profitable than stealing from the trader you are escorting.*Exploration can be quite captivating thanks to being set in space.The Bad:*Obvious console port with minimal mouse utility in menus.*Nausiating edge scroll turret aiming and disorienting auto tracking.*Semi-fixed distance 3rd person view which can only be changed in menu, not on the fly.*3D mining from a 2D plane can be frustrating as nodes can be difficult to aim at depending on turret configuration.*RPG elements are minimal involving buying upgrades for one's ship, mostly linear, and fulfilling quests to receive mutually exclusive bonuses.*Inability to scroll through one's weapons, can only select weapon groups be it ballistic, flak, laser, or the various missile types, making it impossible to see beneath one's ship to personally aim at fighters.The Ugly:*Trading, I swear the comerce AI is programed to to drop the prices wherever you go making it nearly impossible to make money through trading outside of special events such as Famine.*Diplomacy, nearly non-existant beyound scaring off weaker enemies (kinda pointless) or dumping one's cargo to appease pirates (rarely worth it), and no way to improve relations beyound fulfilling quests for the five main factions (takes too long) or responding to distress signals (can be risky early on), and no way to improve relations with the minor factions.*The Grell, ugly♥♥♥♥♥fish ♥♥♥♥ers with frankly overpowered ships who swim in schools, avoid at all costs until very late game.Despite the overwhelming negativity presented above, I still enjoy the game and would recommend it, so long as it's on sale."
,Recommended,290300,28020132,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mr. V,Great game.
,Recommended,290300,23474501,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Solace Volstok,This is a great game especially for the price point. This game is extremely good for what it is. It is a run of the mill space sim like dark star one was. Nothing more and nothing less. If you judge it by that standard it is phenonomenal. The only downside is that I wish their was more lore for the universe itself but that withstanding its great.
76561198009432300,Recommended,290300,23800870,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Paragon of Badassosity,"I'm not gonna say this is Firefly with broadsides and aliens, but it's Firefly with broadsides and aliens.Sometimes I just play this game to listen to the incredible soundtrack. The♥♥♥♥♥kicking helps too.If you're looking for a well-written story with lots of replayability, this isn't for you. If you're looking for a fun ""I'm a space pirate with ion cannons broadsiding aliens while jammin' to great tunes,"" this game is for you. And really, what's better than selling goods to deep space merchants and then turning around and robbing them of what you just sold them? NOTHING! THAT'S THE ANSWER!"
,Not Recommended,290300,25172726,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,genoforprez,"I really want to like this game because I love the whole Firefly thing it has going on. There are definitely things to like about it, but it ultimately is just a very boring space sim with a kinda lousy battle system IMO.Turn-ons:+Firefly!+Soundtrack is great!+NPCs are marvelous!Turn-offs:--The broadside combat. I played the game for 3+ hours and fought a fair number of battles against pirates in that time. I even upgraded to better weapons and different types of weapons. But the combat just never started to feel good. Broadside combat is great with sea vessels because they are both sea vessels. But in this game your ship is confined to a flat plane while enemy ships are flying loops over you and under you as you try to lock onto them. It's more like trying to use a sluggish wooden sailing ship to engage in broadside combat with a bunch of airplanes and submarines. I'm not saying that it's impossible or anything, but I did find it really irritating and it did not start to get better.--It is very empty and boring. It has all of the things that space sims normally have, such as trading and merc missions and ships parts that can be upgraded and so on. But I put in several hours into this game and I spent most of that time staring at the butt of a ship flying in a straight line toward a mission destination. I seriously just set the controller down on my desk, folded my hands, and watched a picture of a space ship. For minutes. MINUTES ON END. I found out that I could upgrade all of my engines and boosters etc to get some more speed out of the ship, and I was feeling very positive about that at first, but then I realized I was STILL pretty much spending most of my time staring at the butt of a ship flying in a straight line. So much yawn.--The game seems heavily skewed toward playing as muscle. If you tend to lean a little more pacifist/trader in space sims, then this game does not seem very friendly towards those types. When I first started running missions, I initially was only accepting missions that the game explicitly labeled as VERY LOW RISK, which were usually just trading missions that asked me to go pick something up and bring it back or transport some cargo from A to B. But EVERY SINGLE ONE of these missions resulted in a scripted ambush attack from multiple pirate ships. Literally every time. So there's not really any point accepting the missions that pass themselves off as the pacifist types because this game shoves you into combat literally every time. Every mission is a combat mission. Always. Without fail. Or so this was my experience.--But did I mention how incredibly boring it is? This was really the thing that made me stop playing the most. Most of my time spent playing this game I did not feel like I was playing a game. I felt like I was staring at the butt of a ship that was doing nothing.And then it occurred to me that I could be playing a game that felt like doing things. So I'm done with it.I love the whole Firefly thing, and apparently lots of people think the game is just great, but man... I could not stay awake while playing this thing."
76561198104084938,Recommended,290300,25566160,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,KiTtY,"Rebel galaxy was such a good game (I thought). I recomend it to anyone who likes great soundtracks, adventure and space sim"
76561198087933619,Recommended,290300,23514941,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Assailer,Amazing game!I have used EVE music during the play through :)
76561198047746607,Not Recommended,290300,19169421,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,DoomGuy,i have a mac and have all the recommended systems on said mac but the game at everything the lowest possible in windowed mode i still have frame rate drops and it doesnt matter where i am in the world its just constantly low frames i dont know why this happens if someone could tell me i would much appreciate it thank you and have a good day you wonderful people.
76561198303572488,Recommended,290300,33981178,Posted: 2 August,all,czarminotaur,"An excellent exploration/trade/combat game in the Privateer/Freelancer style.Being locked into a 2d plane may feel unusual at first, but really helps sell that you are flying a capital scale vessel, and makes the broadside/turret combat feel complex and rewarding without being overwhelming."
,Not Recommended,290300,19181147,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Sarmacid,"Repetitive, grindy and two dimensional."
,Not Recommended,290300,19661472,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Hacete,Gets boring real fast
,Not Recommended,290300,19680673,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,sinistar,"Boring and buggy as hell. You are going to die a lot, and it's not because the little fighters have more firepower than you, but because of atmosphere that will destroy your ship in the middle of space, or some 20 clicks from a moon, yes a moon, smaller than your ship, and destroys you with its atmosphere. Or because of Militia suddenly turning on you and killing you with 20 ships as soon as you've completed the mission to help them rid of pirates, etc... etc...It is a nicely presented game with noobish bugs and ideas. Also the game was designed for a console and it plays like this on the PC too. Pretty annoying! The camera which is changing view randomly as it feels the need, and not letting you decide what you want to see on the screen is a hell to work with. The story is boring, the missions are repetitive, and all of the same sort. You basically almost have to fight or run, no matter what mission is it. The guilds are just an extension of the mission system, and nothing else.All in all, this game, if expanded upon, would be great, but it looks like it's unfinished, with development cut short before major features were added."
76561198072420259,Not Recommended,290300,21080658,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,HubbaTheDane,"Good graphics and interesting gameplay but it falls really short of my expectaions. Biggest issue for me is there is no travel up or down it is all left or right, which for me kills the space part of the game. This game is just pirate ships with a space backdrop/theme, which is okay if you like that but I don't so will spend my time on other games."
76561198071404060,Not Recommended,290300,21132889,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Balázs,"It's a great Game. Has a lot of potential. If the developers change its and bits it would be perfect.Pros:- It feels just like Freelancer.Cons:- You can't save the game. And sometimes the save game that you have gets corrupted - you lose your progress. Yep, it only has an auto save feature.- Once you enter the 2nd System bugs appear; game can't extract or unzip or something something and game just crashes multiple times.If they'd update these two Cons i'd definitely keep on playing."
,Not Recommended,290300,18669296,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Pess,"Shallow.On the surface this game is fantastic. I want to love it. The soundtrack makes you feel like a space cowboy right at the main menu. The designs manage to sell you on this gritty space society without feeling messy or cluttered. The gameplay premiss seems like a fresh twist on a working concept... and here things fall apart.It has an interesting idea of broadside combat in a freelancer type space sim, but it fails to achieve either. Whatever there is to master in this game is mastered in under an hour, and it basically comes down to ""have bigger guns and better shields"". Any fancy manouvers will only give the enemy time to recharge their shields or let them turn their undamaged sides towards you. Just fly up and hammer them harder while your turrets autoshoot any fighters. After that you just repeat the same interactions over and over to earn cash towards upgrades that add +stat% . You can feel safe taking any mission that has a danger rating you've dealt with before, because they scale with you and nothing ever changes.Even more dissapointing is the fact that there is virtually no point or reason to fight or do missions as it's slow and tedious, forcing you to cover large distances of empty space. Just find the trade route that is currently most profitable per minute and fly it back and forth until it drains to make atleast 10x in an hour what you could have gotten from missions during the same time. This way you'll never make enemies either!Also, dont buy anything but cargo or cargospace boosts.♥♥♥♥♥♥is super expensive and serves no point. You basically don't have to fight ever if your goal is to become the biggest bad♥♥♥♥♥in space. Some light shields and an engine will do fine! Any investments in your ship will just take money away from buying up expensive cargo. Then, when you made all the money there is to make from trade runs where you interact with absolutely no one... buy the most expensive♥♥♥♥♥♥you can find. Voila! You are now the best at this game and nothing can hurt you!The best part? Maybe you got a bit eager and there was more money to be made? Bigger ships to be found? Better guns? And now all you trading captial is gone? NO PROBLEM! Just sell all your ship parts AT COST and become a peacful trader again.You could just do this at any point when you wanted to actually kill something. You never have to feel invested in anything! Choices have no consequence or impact. Life is great in space! Except for all that emptyness and boredom you will feel. They really captured that part..."
76561198053624932,Not Recommended,290300,19487761,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Lanivaan,"Unfinished beta-crap. Total scam. Light-effects gives epilepsy, sound effects made in 5 minutes.Same faces, mercs, enemies in EVERY GALAXY !  Story ? Ending ? Who the F... is Trell ??"
76561197970640443,Not Recommended,290300,20066976,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Dimion,Darkstar One minus the artefacts and minus z axes. Nothing exciting.
76561198016000744,Not Recommended,290300,20102208,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Calamityfox,Gets grindy and tedious fast
76561198025494544,Recommended,290300,23469876,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Skyshroud117,"A very good game ,its a  fun world and what I would consider a perfict blue print for what could be the standerd for this style of game. This game could easly be adapted in to a HUGE list of other worlds , Star gate , Star wars, firefly you name it this game could be made in to the skyrim of space games. I would pay good money for a large expansion of this game."
76561198084098073,Recommended,290300,33822944,Posted: 26 July,all,TheKevolution,"Well, I've put in a few hours on this now, so thought I'd commit a few words here to give my impressions.What we have here is not a traditional space simulator. There is no three-axis movement by your own vessels, instead you move along the ""galactic plane"", giving the whole thing a very classic space opera feel. This is accentuated by the choice of graphic and audio design. The bulky ship designs echo babylon 5 and the modern take on Battlestar Galactica, whilst the gorgeous space-scapes and lighting effects feel like direct descendants of Babylon 5 and the Star Trek movies.The choice of combat along a single plane actually works quite well, giving the battles a naval feel that echoes that of the earlier Star Trek movies.And then there's the music, a forlorn, western vibe carrying throughout that echoes Firefly as much as it does Red Dead Redemption. All in all, the sense of immersion off these factors alone is fantastic, so how does it play?Very well, if truth be told. As is so often the case, there is a plot to be followed and plenty of side-objectives to keep a player occupied. These can be straight mining or trading, or can be more comabatative, by taking on various missions or engaging in a bit of bounty hunting (or piracy, if that's your thing).There's plenty of scope when it comes to upgrading your ships and you'll be doing this a lot. At the end of the day, it is possible to develop effective strategies that will help you take down somewhat more impressive vessels in combat, but there's a limit to this and you will want bigger ships to take down your bigger objectives.The 2D style of combat won't suit everyone, especially not those who are used to barreling through three-axis engagements from other games, but for capital ship combat I feel it works quite well and it still allows for engaging battles. to succeed will require an amount of grinding, but rarely have I enjoyed the grind as much as I do here.Frankly, this has risen to occupy the top-cluster of my Steam purchases and I can see myself dipping in and out of this for some time to come."
,Recommended,290300,33785950,Posted: 25 July,all,edward.hunter,"As a fan of games like Freelancer, Endless Space and other space genre games that allow a broad range of freedom, it's been a bit of a dry spell.  Though I am not completely done with the main story line, I am pleased to report - the drought has ended as Rebel Space comes - guns blazing - onto the scene.  And it supports and runs nicely on OSX? Nice.The game has style, and the storyline evolves really nicely - it gets you into the action, and moves you along at a pace that feels natural.  You don't start out feeling like a newb, but you definitely do get a sense that you are benefitting directly from your experiences as a ship captain in a galaxy full of character and adventure.Be patient though.  Don't be discouraged if you run into early challenges or even get blown away a couple times.  The game elegantly saves every time you visit a station - and I recommend you do so frequently as new challenges to your ability as a pilot await beyond each new jumpgate.The graphics and interfaces are acceptable - and I mean that in a very good way.  While they don't introduce any new ground to the space genre, the UI, controls and navigation nonetheless quickly become muscle memory driven, allowing you to focus on piloting your ship.    At first, I thought the 2D plane and forced third person view would render the game arcade-like, and limit strategy and tactics, but frankly, these guys have done an amazing job and tbh, I didn't even realize the combat plane was 2d.In short, Rebel Space is the old school, choose your own path space game we've been missing for years, and this reviewer hopes the folks at Double Damage continue to evolve this great new franchise."
,Not Recommended,290300,20162869,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,zufilico,"Space? Look like a car or truck game no up or dow or roll, is´t a fly game, the history and characters (talking head) is good but like galaxy on fire is to hard to find.I really need play a space game or plane like HAWX, but the F#$( windows live game is down........."
76561198006112856,Not Recommended,290300,20100845,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Chukkii,"I bought the game hoping it would be like freelancer only improved. I was disappointed.This game has a ton of potential but the storyline is horrendously under-developed, there are just 3 mission templates (fetch quest, elimination and escort) which makes the game feel repetitive and much of a grind after about 5 hours into the game.The different game areas are largely the same, each area/star system is just a slightly different layout with a random number of stations and varied difficulty zone rating.The mining and trading mechanics of this game just plain suck which really forces you to only do missions. The game really needs some sort of crafting feature for mining and/or trading to be worth the hassle.This is such a shame because the game has so much potential to be everything freelancer was. But instead all we got was a super cut down version of freelancer with updated graphics."
76561198067049370,Not Recommended,290300,23378819,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Secret Squirrel,"This game has a hugely unfinished feel to it , the initial entry isn't intuitive and it doesnt get better from there."
,Not Recommended,290300,32944525,Posted: 28 June,all,h2oelement,"At first sight the game looks fantastic, yet it gets repetitive after the first few hours. There are only a few kinds of tasks, and you have to do a whole bunch of them in order to get a ship that can survive the main story. Ship variations are poor, and there are only a few weapons to choose from: come on, Mark 1234 of the same thing is really boring.However, I still have to say that the music is absolutely GREAT. It alone kept me in game for 20 hours."
76561198050037023,Recommended,290300,22129374,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,spod007,"Such a fun game. Compared to other space titles around at the time, Elite, Star Citizen, Star Conflict, No Man's Sky, and a host of others surfacing and submerging, this game stands out first to me the fact that it's single player. Shock horror. If you can get over that, it's fantastic.I can't stress enough what a masterpiece the devs have done as far as software goes. Produced in a ridiculously short time, by the guys that brought us diablo, and then torchlight. Install's 2Gb, and run's so smooth even on a low end laptop. Has controller support, also (personally i love the controller controls on this title, well thought out, the commands are simple enough to just get stuck in). The controls overall aren't gratuitously complex. There aren't as many menus to cycle through as other games, and this doesn't feel like a bad thing, or that you're missing things. The combat is great fun. Winning or losing, it just FEELS good, with an awesome soundtrack to accompany it. Basically, in my view, while i enjoy say, elite, for a long term, ""sim"", this is arcade. It's pick up and play, blast a few minutes out and achieve something. It doesn't have so much replayability for me personally, but for the 1 playthrough alone, it was worth every penny. While writing this i genuinely am getting a hankering to play it again some time, so, i guess it has some replayability factor afterall. I'm not sure what else is important in a review.... it's smooth as hell to play, bug free (i'm aware that of course there'll be bugs these days in most titles, but i haven't found any thing i'd call a bug. The forums are well maintained and there's few bug reports from people with competant brain cells, if any, that haven't been addressed and long fixed. There will always be a vocal few that want to run across a open room in a shooter, towards an enemy sniper, head on, without jinking, get shot in the head, and complain that the sniper rifle is OP, and game breaking. Welcome to the internet. It's bug free, fun to play, great soundtrack, cheap game even when not on offer, looks great on not so great machines.Cons? Can't play with friends. Oh well, they'd only mess things up."
,Recommended,290300,30361367,Posted: 6 March,all,The Ryan,"It's not No-Man's-Sky, so it has that going for it."
76561197984729447,Not Recommended,290300,29995637,Posted: 17 February,all,bb0yd,Pretty boring.  Not a fan of the broadsides combat or the endless flying through empty space.  62 minutes in... no more.  Good idea.  Not really compelling enough to bring me back for more.  Uninstall.
76561198181059455,Not Recommended,290300,30066794,Posted: 20 February,all,Joker,"A great concept, but somewhat poor execution, like others have  said, it is not 3D but 2D"
76561197978406355,Not Recommended,290300,29944094,Posted: 15 February,all,Beeper,"The question this game answers is: ""what if a space shooter centered around a broadside shooting mechanic?"" The answer is: thumbs down."
,Recommended,290300,33894662,Posted: 29 July,all,Eranderil Nix Grey,"So. It is rare for me to find the need to write a review. (Especially not the day of purchase.) Generally a game has to grab me. Rebel Galaxy... has certainly done that. I was skeptical at the outset- a 20 dollar plane-locked space game? Hm. The ad hooked me though, and I finally gave in and bought it.The first thing I noticed was how GOOD the game feels. The controls take some adjustment- it plays like the ship battles from Assasins Creed 3. But every single time I light up my hyperdrive it puts a smile on my face. Combat is SERIOUSLY fast paced, but flexible.Missions are about what you would expect from a game like this, but they do pay well. It can be hard to pick a downside this early- this is my first day playing, but I would say that the game does not really help you get established well. It warns you within the first half hour that your ship is crap, but only helps fix it a little. It tells you, briefly, what you should fix. I could see this being off putting for new players. Also- not for children. A fair bit of harsh language.Ships are wonderfully customizable. Your guns matter- make sure to get ones you like. They can make all the difference depending on your play style. I am a bit of an odd bird with these kinds of things- I like to keep things as far away from me as I can. Until they get too close, then I ram the ever living ... stuffing out of them. With the customization options this games have, I can fill my play style to a T.Feels a bit like SPAZ 2, for those in the know, mixed with ship combat from Assassins Creed 3. Then given a touch of western feel (mostly in the form of music selection).TLDR: Screw that, I'm going back to play this game more.UPDATE: I have now played the game through to completion. I stand by my initial reveiw, but have more to add. Typically I rate a game based on how much time I get out of it, on a scale of worth it, or not. Having dropped 40+ hours in, and still enjoying it, I would easily rate this as worth it.  If I had to pick any one gripe about a generally great title, it would be ""unmet potential"". This game feels good to play. But there is so much more I would love to do, including, (without being too spoilery) getting my best friend back. I would love to have more access to more ships, and be able to fight some seriously massive foes. Crack starbases outside of missions, if for not better reason than gits and shiggles. A massive, customizeable universe. ECT. If ever there is a sequel, I will be getting it. Had a blast.TLDR: Seriously this time. With a few touch ups could be a modern $60 title, priced at $20. Has a lot more potential than is met in game, but is entirely worthwhile as is. Worth $20? Beyond a doubt."
76561197970604149,Recommended,290300,24033461,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,GFez,"Love it.I've played it for quite a while now, and I love what they have done with the atmosphere and the battles. If there was an expansion, I would definitely buy it, as I just completed the main story. I am going to play more, try other storylines, perhaps try a bit of trading and even a bit of piracy.So, the parts with potential for improvements:I wish there were more setting for the stupid mercenary ship, such as ""protect me, don't go running off on your own to die"". That's not really a big deal though, I can always get more mercenaries, they don't seem to understand that it is certain death to sign up with me.The missions have no deadline, such as there is in Elite Dangerous, and that means there is also no real rush. If you have accepted a mission, you can probably wait until next year before you complete it, no matter what the description says.So, I would like more rush, and more stories to complete. And perhaps a reason to get out of my destroyer and into something bigger."
,Recommended,290300,23354334,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,WTWR Zydrate,"A space fighter/flight game is an itch that has gone unscratched for a very long time and for a very simple reason; They’re not terribly user friendly to start with. They're mostly varying flavors of spreadsheets and menus.Rebel Galaxy avoids this problem by... not being a very complicated game. It’s stuck on a single flight platform which completely omits the need for severe flight tactics, and is instead comparable to Assassin’s Creed: Black Flag’s style of naval combat, down to the similarly used “Broadside” cannons. After that, it’s a matter of strategically placing some of your turrets as they autofire at your enemies while you control one, usually some type of rapidfire thing to cut through your enemies.Enemy ships, usually the small fighters, tend to have access to the 3D plane which is not as much of a problem as you might expect as it usually just means you need to plan your position to open fire. Again, your guns can shoot them depending on placement.Meanwhile it has a sort of MMO-like questing style of clearing enemies, shipping goods, defending traders, as well as a story mode. I actually have a lot of fun just ignoring the main quest (As you do), running around making ALL the money, upgrading my ship, and having a giggle when my main quest’s risk rating reads “Very Low”.As an aside; The music is wonderful and it took considerable resistance not to name my ship “Serenity”. It’s got a couple hours of full length (~3 minute) songs that will change in space stations or open battles which helps mix it up a bit.If I had a complaint, it’s probably that there’s not too much to do mid flight. Mid transit, there’s not a lot of popups when you’re fighting thousands of whatever-unit-of-distance it’s using. It amounts to three things interrupting your warp speed: Distress Signals, Ambushes, and Asteroid Fields/Nebulas. Beyond those, you might want to stop to play some piracy and raid trading convoys that go between space stations, which manipulates the market for you to take advantage of.I just wish there was more to do when I'm aiming for an objective that's tens of thousands of whatever-unit-of-distances away.Ultimately, it’s nice to find a space game that I can be moderately good at. Everything is put together pretty well, and while some may call it too simple; I find it works in the game's favor. Space games these days feel the need to overcomplicate themselves, and Rebel Galaxy avoids that."
,Recommended,290300,25786585,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Karma,"See you, Space Cowboy."
76561198032705817,Recommended,290300,18644382,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,shadeling,"This game seriously came out of no where!!Last I heard about the devs was back when they parted ways from Runic soon after Torchlight 2 released to form Double Damage just over a year ago, then they fell off my radar and now BAM! they're back with a pretty solid space sim in a really short space of time. I'm so impressed by that, well played indeed!As a space sim enthusiast,  I have to admit I was initially a little put off by the fact there was no 3D space flight and it was all naval style combat but soon after I got into the game I found broadside combat to be really engaging and a lot more fun than I originally thought it would be.I'm not very far into the game yet but I've been enjoying mining, trading, fighting pirates, the typical space sim activities and apparently, it's possible to join the pirate faction with its own storyline, pretty cool.Rebel Galaxy is easily worth the full $20 price tag."
76561197977892146,Recommended,290300,20187593,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,M6Hurricane,"Massively under-rated game. Basically, this is a much more approachable version of Elite: Dangerous and the X:Rebirth series. Those games are more of a project, whereas Rebel Galaxy is more of an actual game.One thing to realize about the game is that there is no z axis, which means that you don't go up and down. Yes, the fighters are going to swarm around you from all angles, but you don't aim your broadsides up and down... the computer does the up and down for you. The broadsides take a little getting used to, but once you do you'll be blasting fools in no time.Super highly recommended"
76561198065602785,Recommended,290300,30003601,Posted: 18 February,all,Antorius,"Firefly: the Game(but with a lot more firepower, and without the smoking hot women)"
76561197991501320,Recommended,290300,18635021,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Blank Stare,"AAA game for less than $20, I didn't think games like this still existed. Best game of 2015 (so far...?)."
76561198054719589,Recommended,290300,18600024,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,TheChief,i absolutely love this game. nto only is their a unclear linier aspect. unclear as in it is not leaned toward one side but jsut towars the betterment of yourself but also i love thenew ships curently i ahve not gotten far and ive seen dozens of ships and i ant wait to find out if hteir is the posiblity of flying them all. id say the only game that will be able to top thsi this year would be fallout 4 becuase its been awaited for since i was about 10 and if some how starcitisen was to go to beta and be online thsi year. but overall i give this game the best raiting ive given a game in a long time
76561197985080221,Recommended,290300,25731097,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Mr. Usefull,Pros:Great space battlesDecent storyDifferent style ships change the gameplay up just enoughCons:Some missions get a little repetitiveNot much replay value
,Recommended,290300,23227742,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,ALLYC4T,Awesome space pirate rpg type game. Tons to do if you like grinding for better ships. I hope they make a sequel.
,Recommended,290300,18654876,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Jaynay 🐥,"Oh my, what fun!So I read the reviews with people saying this game is like a mix of Freelancer, Firefly and Assassins Creed IV (the naval combat sections) and I guess those are pretty good comparison.The game certainly has the Freelancer vibe, with an open universe, optional story-line, combat, trading, rep/guild affiliation etc.The Firefly comparisons I think stem mainly from the music, but given you are flying a large vessel (not a smaller fighter) you do feel like you are captaining a ship with crew. and yes, you can 'aim to misbehave'Combat and travel is strictly 2D, but before you judge that too harshly, it plays our like ship combat from AC IV, with broadside combat being the order of the day.And it WORKS!It actually reminds me of the animated movie Treasure Planet a bit. Oh yeah, I am totally now a space pirate!Controller support is well implemented and I don't need to touch my keyboard to play (other than to hit 'play').Just shy of 2 hours in and barely scratched the surface, but based on what I have seen so far, this game could charge at least double the current price and still be good value.Recommended."
,Not Recommended,290300,22285660,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,refD,"Grindy, lacking in depth, somewhat buggy/broken.Very little in the way of interesting decisions to make."
,Not Recommended,290300,22682051,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Vallitium,"So far from my limited playtime, I can already tell it will be one of those ""I'm only playing it because I am bored"" type of games. Right from the get-go the menu does not use the mouse (it has some in-game menu use, but it is very buggy)...obvious console port. Overall I would say just wait for a sale or don't buy it at all.Gunplay: 4/10It is very annoying to shoot enemies with your broadside cannons because they lock on to targets, so you are not really aiming. Same with the turret and missiles. Sometimes the aiming redicle will lock up when trying to aim due to it trying to stick on to a different enemy. The gunplay just isn't fun.Graphics: 8/10The game looks nice, but at first glance it seems much older than 2015. Still, good or bad graphics don't determine a game's quality.Story: 7/10The story line is neat, but right from the start it gets predictable. Also, most missions are ""Hey, you! Go run over there and shoot something for me, thanks."" You go do the mission, return, and then do it all over again. Also, all stations are the same (not externally or main characters, but the generic character models and interior is all the same)."
,Not Recommended,290300,22622319,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Gorthag,"I really wanted to like this game, however although the theme is great, the controls, mechanics and overall design have a few warts that ultimately make it a very unsatisfying experience.  Things like warp travel being easily interrupted by hard to avoid objects in space, the little space fighters being far more dangerous than many capital ships and the overall grindy feel are all examples I would point to as being annoying to the point of turning me off the game."
76561198037432599,Recommended,290300,34250086,Posted: 14 August,all,RunningBot,"Bottom line: Down right Fun. It's also Clean fun. Was able to have my 9 year old niece play it and she enjoyed it.PROS:1. Controller support is good and works well. (Xbox 360)2. Graphics can be run at max with a 750ti.3. Story is simple but with some interest.4. Kinda open-world so my niece could do what she wanted.5. Easily Cheat Engineified, so I could give my niece a quick warp drive and a bigger ship, yet she just wanted the lobster looking one and stuck with it.6. Music.7. It's a fun casual flyer that scratches a lot of itches of the genre.8. Music, It's funny and enjoyable.9. Large text for the alien captions, good on the TV.CONS:1. Price, I got it during a deal for 50% off.2. Haven't beaten it, niece has done most of the playing but I suspect it to be short.3.  Menus are is PC sized text making it a chore to configure your boat on a TV set up when your 10 feet away.I'd recommend on sale. $20 is high for what is an indie style space action/adventure."
76561197974417010,Recommended,290300,19403639,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Mark,That was damn worth the money.
,Not Recommended,290300,19860711,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Draegon,"If you're gonna get this game you should really know what you're getting in to. The combat could be fun for some, but to me it's dull, unintuitive and lacks depth of any kind. It's not about skill it's all about your gear.The missions are uninspiring and feel like quests in MMOs, that would've been fine if not for the fact that this is a single player gane and I expect more from it.The story wasn't too gripping at first but there might be some people who are really interested by it.The travelling is boring and takes waaaaaaay too long.The soundtrack is good though so I give it a plus there, the voice acting is also good and there seems to be put in a lot of effort there.Do your research before buying the game, this is a very unique game... For good or bad (With my taste it's bad bu tI can see where others find the appeal).All in all I'd say this is a very niche game, but if you're looking for a star citizen or elite dangerous type of game this is not it."
76561198049449791,Recommended,290300,23139886,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Godphila,"Playing this Game + Listening to the Pirates of the Caribbean Soundtrack.Most fun afternoon since a long time.Take whatcha can, and give nuthin back!"
76561198075776739,Not Recommended,290300,35056970,Posted: 18 September,all,esol_teacher,"I had this game on PS4 then got rid of my consol. I saw this on steam and thought, 'Cool a space trading game!' Shortly after loaded it up and playing a while I realised that Rebel Galaxy could be fantastic, but feels kind of meh.Graphics are good, sound is too. I am very happy that I am able to choose MP3s of my own at specific times. I find hard techno a good sound for battle.Perhaps I suck at space battles, but I found that I needed to do a sh*tload of side missions to upgrade my ship enough to survive the story missions. It seems quite random. At times 'average' provided a challenge but was doable, and other times as soon as I get close to the target area my shields are gone and my hull is breached.Perhaps the most disappointing part of the game for me is the fact that the trading aspect is just so random. Not sure if it is explained in a tutorial but I figured out, buy red (low) and sell green (high). It didn't take long for me to get frustrated that no station in the system wanted the stuff in my hold. This leaves me with the feeling that the trading aspect almost seems tacked on.The AI of mission NPCs is annoying, and many a time my escort mission or fighting companion gets taken out and I fail the mission without any warning.I like the idea of being able to mine in space. Rebel Galaxy makes this an annoying chore with little pay out. Without doing some internet searching, I seriously doubt the average gamer will be able to make enough money to warrant mining.If you liked the mining and trading aspects of EVE online - don't buy this game. It will disappoint.I'd rate this 3/10. If the trading and mining aspects were revisited this could be a great single player game."
76561198089215894,Not Recommended,290300,25358336,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,popederekxx,Got boring after a while. I was completly disinterested of the story after a few missions.
76561198033130849,Not Recommended,290300,23942683,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,[NPC] Mr. Meeseeks,"I have a relatively high end systemi7 6700kgtx 970 gaming16gb vengence ddr4Can't play on DX11 due to constant crashes, can't play it on the highest setting or in non windowed due to crashes.That aside, there is no  save feature, cannot warp away when in combat even though there is no warp disruption in this game, from what I have seen. Beacause of that, it is very easy to get killed since the game auto drops you from warp when things get in your way unlike any other game ever. The story line is taking absolutely FOREVER to progress in and frankly it is not very interesting at that. I was very excited about this game and all the posative reviews, but it let me down big time."
76561198041960226,Not Recommended,290300,33616320,Posted: 17 July,all,schmuk_amuk,"idk, i had to refund, just could not control the ship. plus the ""music""  gets incredibly annoying inside of 5 minutes.maybe i was just expecting too much from the game, oh well."
76561198031108824,Not Recommended,290300,33262387,Posted: 4 July,all,CF2,"If you're looking for strong story elements you won't find them in Rebel Galaxy. There's a surprising lack of flavor text on all the parts that go into customizing your ship, and little in the way of local flavor to the places you can visit. Play for a few hours and you'll see a disheartening number of similar character models, locations, and combat scenarios.The main attractions are the free-roam and the soundtrack, so if you like the idea of ignoring whatever story most games would have and just being the wild-west space captain that you want to be, then this is your kind of game."
,Not Recommended,290300,18760688,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Orran,A very repetitive game. Go here shoot this get this. Return. then repeat.
,Recommended,290300,23325283,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Kunovega,"The game is basically meditation (flying) punctuated by spur of the moment naval-broadside combat (your capital ship versus pirates). The core narrative and the bartenders (talk to them at each station) breathe life into the game.The music while flying around at warp speed has been a really relaxing experience (something I rarely want from a game, but it works here).Also: I\'ve seen a lot of people trying to make Firefly references and I can tell you this game has nothing to do with Firefly aside from the space cowboy music and that you happen to be a captain of your own ship. There\'s nothing in the galaxy or story that is similar and you won\'t have a big crew of interesting people (which is what made Firefly the show that it is).Play the game for what it is: space trading with naval broadside combat. If that sounds interesting, I think you\'ll find your money well spent (especially if you pick it up on sale)."
76561197970548005,Not Recommended,290300,22028960,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Reaperman,"Do not buy this game for PC, not worth the buy. The controls are horrible and the gameplay is extremely repetitious and boring. The only two cool things about this game is the marketplace and the fact you can control huge ships. The storyline is horrible. If you want a game like this, but is older but has a great story, buy ""tachyon, the fringe"" can't beat Bruce Campbell and the fighting system is way way better. You can also go X3. A great game graphically and is robust and open world. If you ever enjoyed playing Eve Online, you will like X3"
76561198307800417,Not Recommended,290300,24049003,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,edc52crst,"Was hoping this was going to be good, good soundtrack but the combat targeting system sucks. Broadside firing and no target lock, trying to fly and avoid obstacles while targeting a ship and do some damage. Not easy. I quickly lost interest."
76561197969131383,Recommended,290300,25807659,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Sage,"I've had more fun in the first five hours of playing this game than I have had in a long time. Combining elements from many beloved titels across genres, Rebel Galaxy is what you're looking for. It's 2D approach to space combat leaves your focusing on tactical options and attacks instead of trying to orient yourself constantly like in other games such as Elite: Dangerous. Thatisn't to be said that movement can't be still be a challenge. When you add in the need to manage weapon types against mixed engagements -- which are almost always the case. In these clashes you will face one or several other capital ships and a wide variety of fighter and gunship craft. The former come in a nice mix -- you don't know if the next capital ship you are going to run into will be an up close brawler or a ranged homing missle boat. The sub-capital ships although substatially lower defenses still provide pressure on the player. In swarms fighters can effectively dodge in and out of turret arcs if they aren't focused on. Gunships, on the other hand, pack a punch in a small size. A group of these gunships can be as dangerous as some campital ships.I speak of the wide range of encounters the player can have but the variety doesn't end there. Consider the different armerments that any one ship can use. Will you use a long range anti-captial ship guns paired with swarm missle launchers or will you choose some beefy in-your-face anti-capitals paired with several flak turrets? The number of combinations doens't end there. Each turret location on your ship can be outfitted with a different type of turret. If you sesired, you could put to gether a kitchen-sink styple ship!Beyond the mechanics of combat Rebel Galaxy also gives you the freedom to choose the type of contracts you take on. If you are able to plan ahead you can take several missions and set up a somewhat efficent flight path. The mission types tend to fall into a few different catagories; courier, defense, elimitatie, dead drop (recovery), or collection. Although mission fall into these catagories as a rule, the way each unfolds is randomly generated to keep you on your toes. If jumping mission to mission isn't your thing or you just want a break, you can also do some margin trading or mining.The tradeing consists of transporting goods between locations in hopes of turning a profit. This seems simple, but a host of factors will influence your success or failure. The way time works in Rebel Galaxy has what seem like short warps between locations to having passed several days. This leads to a an amount of uncertainy of a fluctuating market shortly after you've left. Random events will also add a little spice to the mix. These events allow you to swoop in and pick up goods when they are over-saturated or drop your goods into a starving market. Ships in Rebel Galaxy also have a fairly limited cargo hold. So, no running around the system with vast amounts of cargo in your hold just waiting for the opportunity to offload it onto a waitting market.The difficulty that Rebel Galaxy provides is a welcome change to the modern status quo. Rather than needing to set a arbitrary difficulty setting you need simply get yourself in hot water by approaching a mission or location that's rated ""Risk: High"". This nice little warning suggests what you'll find will be a distinct challenge no matter your tactics or fit. At noumerous times during my play, I found myself feeling quite the force to be rekoned with. After rolling through enimies and dispatching them in a short time I presumred I was the big man in the system. Then I was ambushed in mid warp. I thought to myself, 'I've been killing everything iwth no problem; this area is probably too easy for my current skill."" I was so wrong. The three capital ships and a  few squadrons of gunships ensured that my growing ego was quite deflated. Although I could have, after being ppulled from warp, turned and ran to safety, I instead engaged foolishly and committed to a fight I couldn't win.To sum it up, if you enjoy space combat sims like Freespace, Elite:Dangerous, ando thers this game will provide a refreshing spin on the favorite genre. As you challenge yourself with different play styles and different engagements you will be rewarded with the uncertainty of your success while being excited to try again after your ship explodes.For a standard price of $20, I would buy this game twice. Enjoy."
76561198083291540,Not Recommended,290300,24112132,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Foamy27,this game has a hard to follow story line and limited movement when in your shipit is also has a hard to ue fireing system that confuses you very muchfrom the great and powerfull foamy27
76561198112488568,Recommended,290300,18594957,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,kerballer,"Bought the game today, after 8.3 hours of play im taking a small break."
76561198043780210,Not Recommended,290300,23777627,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,The Demon Lord Baal,"The controls are wonky, the game does a very bad job of informing you whats importiant and what the guns go in which slots and what  you currently have equiped. In most missions rather you or the enemies are unkillable juggernauts, its also annoying that you can do some bounties before you get the bounty and when you do get the bounty there is nobody there to kill so you just wasted 400 credits for usless information. Its also crappy to have a ship combat game were you are bound to an axis and cannot dogfight while the enemies can fly around you shooting you. The AI for your guns should also be better, it makes sense that if 2 of your turrets can auto fire than all of the turrests should be able to auto fire.The game does do a very good job with its music and thematic choices but there is no point in dragging yourself through the lame combat to explore the world."
,Not Recommended,290300,23372818,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,yammosk,This is the first game I have requested a refund for. It's also the first game in which I have been unable to complete the first mission. I have no idea what the issue might be since there are plently of reviews praising this game. Never before have I played a game were the combat was so broken. The UI feedback provides no useful information whatsoever. I can be locked on to a target and in range and still do no damage. I've played the first mission for an hour with no change.
,Recommended,290300,22164988,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,m1cr0star,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-q3bjYG1_U
76561197970937531,Recommended,290300,23321728,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,[Judge] Crusher,Liked it wished they would add more content for the game.
76561198038461442,Not Recommended,290300,24877671,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Noël Flantier,"Would be an awesome game if difficulty balance was not so ♥♥♥♥♥♥. A ""Very Low"" risks mission gets you killed in no time, but you might succeed easily in a ""High Risk"" one... associated with their save system, you'll find yourself doing the same things over and over again. And in a game that is already quite repetitive, you clearly don't need that. A frustrating overall experience."
,Recommended,290300,23339049,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,TheSashaProject,Starts game.Accepts first mission.Starts heading toward objective.Space pirates appear! Wow theres a lot of them...Gets lasered to death within 15 seconds.10/10 would get lasered to death by space pirates within the first five minutes of playing again.
,Not Recommended,290300,24406551,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,[TB] BxPHornet,"I was really looking forward to playing this game. The first time I saw it, I thought ""This looks so cool, must be hell of a lot of fun"". The atmosphere, the particals, the spaceship battles, etc. When I bought it during the summer sale, it was one of the first game (of the 10 that I bought) that I installed, just to get disappointed. The game didn't launch for me. So I uninstalled it. I later upgraded my OSX (yes, I am on Mac) for Smite and decided, why don't give it a second try? So I reinstalled it, and launched the game again. It froze on the Titlescreen. I had to restart my PC, then it finally worked and I dove right into it...The first thing I noticed was the music. It fits the game/theme perfectly, some sort of ""Space Rock"". It's the kind of music you would expect Han Solo to listen to whilest flying. The rythem is good, quality is good and the feeling is even better. I think the best thing in this game is the music (@Devs why don't publish the Soundtrack?).My first 30mins with the game where not enjoyable. My camera was moving around like a drunk guy on a unicycle. I couldn't get ride of the feeling that mouse accelerations was on. I looked under controles, and the only option I saw was to turn down mouse sensitivity. After that it worked a bit better, was still frustrating though. I enjoyed the dialogues a lot too, the characters where what you expected, a bit clichée but still really fitting into the game. Your choices concerning responses are not amazing, but they give you a bit of choices, which added a nice little touch, which isn't useful, but I still considere well placed in the game.And finaly, I came to the combat. Hell did it look cool, and hell did it play♥♥♥♥♥♥ After I died the first time, not knowing how to use my weapons properly, I closed the game and played something else. I was so frustrated. I later tryed again, giving the game 3 trys to convince me that the combat was fun. For me it never felt fun.The biggest problems I encountered where the camera. The placement is awkward at best, and it can ruin everything. I sometimes couldn't even see where I shot because the camera backed down behind the ship, whilst I was aiming. And moving it back up again, well, now it goes way overbord and I ca't see the enemy ship properly.Another aspect is the free movement in combat. You and other heavy ships are limited to a 2D combat field, whilst small fighters can fly all around you. That wouldn't be a problem, if you didn't have to fly, fight and try not to ram something at the same time.To break it down: You will ram into things if you focuse on the combat aspect, and you will not fight well if you focuse on the flying aspect. The auto aiming of your beta canons it terrible. It locks you onto someone and you shoot. But if you have locked onto someone, you won't be able to aim at someone else. I would have liked to get a fonction where I can aim freely, and then press a button and that locks my aim onto that target I'm aiming at currently. Another problem with that auto-lockon is that your camera moves with the target. I had small fighters circleing around me, spinning my camera like crazy, making it impossible to fly properly.My last, but not unimportant problem with combat is, that enemies fly away. But you are in free space, so they can fly where they want. So you have to concentrate on fighting them, and following them around, which to me, somebody uncapable of multitasking is too much of a challenge.To summe it up, I really liked the music, fantastic. The dialogue is not really useful, but a nice touch. However, the combat system ruined it for me, to such an extend that I don't feel the need to continue. I know I didn't even play 3hs, but the combat is so frustrating to me, that I will probably not continue, as I play for fun, not to be more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off after then before (and yes, I'm not one of those oldschool elitsts that have to play every game for the challenge, I play them for fun).So do I recommend this game. No, not really. I do recomment the soundtrack. And if you can multitask, otherwise, stay away. But who am I kidding, I'm a stranger on the internet, that hasn't even finished the game.If you can, and have a friend who has the game, try it, see if it's for you, and then buy. For me this game was really disappointing, not because it's beyond bad, just because I came in with expectations that where not reached."
76561197965028239,Not Recommended,290300,24315328,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Mac68,"Ok there's enough reviews about the games content and what you can do. This game is fun, initially. That's it. The fights, the graphics, the soundtrack, everything, it's all fun.........initially.After 30 hours of gameplay I am bored witless. In fact if I had the soundtrack seperately I would be disinclined to play the game at all. It is just repetitive in the extreme now. There's not many ships, there's not many factions. There's no real diversity in missions. There's no immersion or roleplay element with which to amuse yourself. It's just become one long dullfest.I think even the developers are bored of it. There have been no real changes to this game since release. Aprt from a few bug fixes they haven't added anything new or worthwhile.Let's also trounce the myth that this is some kind of successor to Freelancer. Absolute BS. I still play Freelancer now, albeit in a modded form. 16 years after it was released. This game, I was bored of in 16 hours. It has no depth and nothing to drive you on and keep you playing or just exploring. Freelancer systems were unique and atmospheric. Systems in RG are sterile, empy, uninteresting and so similar in appearance that you are never entirely sure which you are in.Combat is 2 dimensional, there's no up or down. Freelancer combat is tactical, intense and challenging. Not flat, predictable and too easy.Save you money, find an old copy of Freelancer. Install the Discovery Mod, and never look at this game again."
,Recommended,290300,18634217,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Mariah Wolves,"The Rebel Alliance needs your help because its a trap.Its a good little game, you can lesson to its rock & roll soundtrack or add your own music. Which is a nice touch because you can put the music in different genders like: Main menu, battle/combat, Idle, in-station, and ect. Its like Elite: Dangerous but in a lifter way. Also 3rd-preson."
,Recommended,290300,29879727,Posted: 12 February,all,chetan.N,Rise Of Rebel ! Awesome...
76561197999012940,Recommended,290300,26053589,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Sexpistolphill69,Best 200 bucks iv spent on steam
76561198004006208,Recommended,290300,33575791,Posted: 15 July,all,GaiaHero,Fantastic sprawling space battle game with amazing depth for the price.
,Recommended,290300,23342533,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,MRSH4DOW,"**refundedRebel galaxy would have been a perfect game for me if not ""lack of RPG element""someone need to remove ""RPG"" tag from this gamebut if you looking for a game that let you control huge spaceship and drive it into chaos space combatthis is your gameHowever I still recommend this game to anyone who want to fly a sapceship of your own."
76561198078464122,Not Recommended,290300,23735106,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,zlloty,"This game is great, really. Lot of fun, nice graphic, great soundtrack, etc.But after few days i lost my save game. No chance to restore it. I started again and made copy of savegame_dat.zbs every day. After few days the same problem. Lost my save again without chance to restore it."
,Recommended,290300,23848859,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Timmeh,Alot easier than Elite Dangerous.
,Recommended,290300,23853913,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ExiledLie,Reminds me a lot of Freelancer.
76561198122485132,Recommended,290300,23996128,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,HarleyK11,Fun game but gets repetitive.
,Recommended,290300,21033703,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,llarkin,Everything is awesome until you fail a mission because your ship sucks so you run off to get better equipment and dock your ship after you failed the mission making everyone in the militia your worst nightmare. and now i have to restart the entire game after 7 hours of game play just to do the main questline.
,Recommended,290300,33732920,Posted: 22 July,all,Clebaster,"For how short the story is if you learn how to exploit the market this game is actualy great. The only gripe i have is that both your hirelings and enemy ships can move in 3d space but you are limited to 2 axis of movement. But totaly worth a buy if you are interested in commanding your own spaceship and playing how you qould like (pirate, enforcer, trader, You can do it)"
76561197988485390,Recommended,290300,33787488,Posted: 25 July,all,ihatebois,"AA++ Well worth the spend. If Diablo and Star Trek had unprotected sex, this game would be the result."
76561198110028210,Recommended,290300,33753412,Posted: 23 July,all,Felonis82,Great Ship to ship battle! Lots of customizations in style and ships!
76561197991756982,Not Recommended,290300,18963530,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,CerealKiller,"So uh... Just tried to play this game. Unfortunate problem: In full screen mode on my computer the cursor on screen does not match what it selects. The curso selects whatever is about 1 inch below it. Rather than try to work with this incredibly unfortunate bug, I am going to wait a few patches to see if the problem is fixed, if ever. In the mean time I don't recommend purchasing games that don't satisfy the minimum requirement of selecting the location where my mouse is clicking..."
76561197969067861,Not Recommended,290300,24061308,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,T.A.,"Overall: 2/5- A space combat action game that resembles Freelancer.- Recommended only if you are a fan of the genre.Pros:- Players can choose to trade or mine, in addition to just fighting enemy ships.Cons:- Story about finding your missing bad♥♥♥♥♥aunt is not very interesting.- Missions lack variety and feel repetitive.- The primary weapon being on the ship's sideboard does not make much sense in terms of gameplay.- It is too easy to make much money by trading, which in turn enables you to buy strong weapons and spoils the game.- The combat is conducted in 2D, not in 3D field, which lacks reality."
76561197973528410,Recommended,290300,23321485,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Kalas,"Great game. Reminds me of the assassin creed black flag ship combat combined with freelancer. The story is pretty weak but the tall ship combat combined with lots of upgrades makes it a fun time. The soundtrack is an amazing firefly-esq western score.A couple downsides:-Nothing really to do after 20 hours (maybe 30 hours for achievement completionists)-No real reason to explore (no secret gates that I could find like freelancer)-Biggest issue: No crew interactions or upgradable crew. This would be a fantastic improvement.-Some balancing issues (minor)Overall, I recommend. Especially for $10-20."
76561197997941050,Recommended,290300,23325977,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Moon,"Third person perspective with an arcade feel. Truly a great game that will give you over 100 hours of enjoyment.Tons of ships to unlock and upgrade, and engaging combat and NPC conversations that feel like they mean something.The soundtrack for this game is second to none. You will feel like a true \""space cowboy\"" after a few minutes.The combat in this game is engaging, you pilot your ship and aim with broadside bombardments that shred enemies. Overcoming overwhelming odds is something you will be looking for, and doing so successfully will usually yield you some sweet rewards.For the price you cannot beat this game. If you enjoyed any space games in the past, this is absolutely a must have."
,Recommended,290300,23324885,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Nilbot,"Space action + quasi fly simulation, with an interesting back story and beautiful nebula ! what more do you want?"
,Recommended,290300,29862556,Posted: 11 February,all,Hypnoncatrice,"If you enjoy space sims I wouldn't worry much about the people complaining about grinding, this game is an amazing  arcade capital ship battler. Just doing a few battles for fun every once in a while will earn you T6 equipment for your ship and you should easily have a dreadnaught by the campaign's end if you save up. If you have ADHD and the attention span of a goldfish I might avoid the genre in general."
,Recommended,290300,23737619,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,sumotsunami,"I loved this game but it has very little replay value. I pretty much tried all the various strategic setups possible in my one play through. It has me wishing there were crew, boarding, and other characteristics similar to FTL. Planetside or more technical mining would have been cool too. The game felt a little empty like there were other things that could have, or should have happened. The main story was also a bit too short and there's nothing really existing outside of that. Once I hit the end there was also no reason to further continue because I already had one of the biggest and baddest ships with most of the weapons being the top-line. There was very little that could stop me at that point so to max out every thing would have been redundant.There's also lots of glitchy bits. Still I recommend this game because it's more about the music and the feel. It had a very cinematic aspect to it and I thoroughly enjoyed cruising through the stars and exploring.In tribute to my ships:Rasputin - HammerheadFish Face McGee - Barracuda (The one I had the hardest time giving up cause it's agility made it dominant against all but the absolute biggest mothers)Free Loader -  RadovichLazy Jane - BlackGate"
,Recommended,290300,23654299,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,KingArthur,This game is freaking awesome!!!
,Recommended,290300,26111948,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,thunderhill,"An awesome concoction of naval-style  combat, exploration and♥♥♥♥♥kicking fun. I must say it was a great game, and is still one of my favorites.Pros:- Pretty good graphics and optimized performance- actually good voice-acting- Space depicted as it should - a great realm of exploration, pirates, space rocks- You can kill almost everything including Main Quest NPCs (except space stations)- The♥♥♥♥♥kicking ACDC style, swash-buckling music when you are in combat is so fitting. Great Music. Yup- All round fun especially done by a small indie company- rock'n'rolling with music and reasonably good combat system (can be repetitive though)Cons:- Rather limited choice of weapons, utilities and upgrades- warping can be a somewhat pain especially when you played too many fetch quests so that you can rank up your allegiances- Campaign was a little short- Side missions can be seriously repetitive, but at least the music and steam-rolling fights help elevate thatOverall:Great Indie game at a great price!- rewarding experience for exploration and well optimized combat systemReplay? Yes, if there are expansionsRecommend? Definitely"
76561198118057251,Recommended,290300,21289514,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Flatulent Shadow,Why do we love Rebel Galaxy? Checkout our playthrough to see!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oP89-FO0mR8&list=PL496UtrqkCWX9FOgBTBGievwFnyg6E8cK
,Recommended,290300,18593994,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Gemeril,"Arcadey spacesim with bluesy cowboy bebop/firefly jams.   You fly your ship around on one axis, but there are tons of weapons, components and ships to buy.  The game has 5-6 different factions that range from bandits, to the law, whom you can either side, or fight against.   There is an in-game economy where different outposts want different things, so you can spend your time just smuggling narco-cola, or live organs if you'd like to amass a fortune.I've only gotten a few hours on it, but I'm quite hooked!After giving it some thought.  It's kind of like Dope Wars in Space!"
76561197988643317,Recommended,290300,18622369,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Paro,"So far so good. I don't like writing long reviews so I'll keep it simple+ Tons of exploration, things to do, sights to see, planets look great, upgrades, customizability, and very fun combat- You can't move ""up or down"" so you're limited to only a few degrees of freedom. Enemies can fly above and below you, but you can't chase them down. You can however aim at them by holding LT (not sure what it is on keyboard)Great game consdering it's only 18$ (at the time I bought it)9/10"
76561197983369120,Recommended,290300,18595654,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,jpnole,"Fantastic open world, space sim RPG. Designed with care and attention to detail from 2 veterans of the PC RPG industry. Gorgeous graphics and fun combat. The main complaint you will read on various reviews is the 2D or ""single plane"" combat. It was desgined to simulate naval battle and for me it works great. For the $20 asking price at launch (actually $18 with the launch discount) it's a definite buy and comes with my highest recommendation."
76561197962351825,Recommended,290300,18871001,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Sully0811,Space naval combat and explosions. A++ would buy again.
,Recommended,290300,18618791,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,[NCE]RotInPixels,"Very good 2D space sim, love the cinematic effects and all that. Only have a few gripes with it right now but im guessing they will be fixed1) The mouse. I dont know how exactly to explain it, but when you move the mouse, the mouse keeps moving for a second after you stop moving it.2) Performance. I had a review of this up earlier complaining about it and a dev told me to make sure the correct card was being used which i did, and it still is...bleh. Somebody said it might have a data leak, so if that was fixed and it was optimized a bit, that might help.3) The turret. Whenever i go into precision aiming, the gun wiggles up and down and shoots randomly.Even with these complaints, ill give this game a 7/10. If they are fixed id say 8.5/10"
,Recommended,290300,20707605,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Novantco,"Firefly with aliens is a good description for this little gem. But with more guns and missles and aliens heh. I like the combat broadside ships blasting away at each other. Decide how you tackle your missions, rob, trade, or be a ""nice guy"" hah. Mining is boring don't bother it's about the combat and how you decide to deal with the npcs. Bribe you way out of a situation or charge ahead and blow them out of the sky.Side with factions or do your own thing. Top notch sound track, side missions are really just reused but the main plot is good. Large space to explore, but the travel can get a bit long. Overall if you like spaceships buy it."
76561198156007047,Recommended,290300,20779254,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Xaffax,"A cool game for space roaming scoundrels and adventurers. I love the loose and easy, laid back vibe.A great game to play in those  short chill out moments. (A controller is a must)"
76561198069996606,Recommended,290300,19825060,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Tech-Priest,"Well, I bought this on a whim, but it turns out, money was never better spent.All in all, I would defintely recommend it to anyone who's wanted to fly their own starship in a mostly lawless zone. If you've ever played Tachyon: The Fringe, you're going to love this game.I know that quite a few might be turned away due to the thing's lack of vertical flight. Put simply, the lack of a vertical axis isn't a drawback - it's a feature. The kind of ships you'll be in charge of, you won't need a vertical axis.I'll list out the good stuff and the bad. Hopefully that'll help.The Good:-1) Low-cost title that plays like a AAA game.2) Fast-paced and simple to learn.3) Quirky in many aspects.4) Great soundtrack, with an obvious inspiration from Firefly.5) Very nice ship design, and a used-up feel that's surprisingly cozy.The Neutral:-1) Star-systems aren't particularly unique, but the graphical detail and insanity offsets that to quite some extent.2) Trading and Mining are viable alternatives to a kill-em-all blitz, but it can be boring or tedious after a point.3) Fairly interesting characters, but their full potential was never realised.4) Cash is something weird - either so much that you don't know what to do, or too little, resulting in you getting outgunned.5) Mercenaries are a nice touch, but again - like the main characters - not realised to their full potential.The Bad:-1) Some missions can be hilariously broken, and tougher than they look, which can cause hair-pulling at times.2) Rather short single-player campaign.3) Can be slightly boring after a certain point, though not too bad.4) No further development on this title, it would seem. Hopefully there'll be more on this after some time.Definitely give it a try. You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,290300,19892923,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Skylord_Kosmo,"After playing Rebel Galaxy for only 4 hours, I can honestly say it is now one of my favorite games.  It's a space economy/shooter/RPG almost without being overcomplicated like all the other ones.   10/10"
76561198026041852,Recommended,290300,25842008,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,captainobvious,"Like Sid Meier's Pirates in space.  (Though I haven't completed it yet.)Pros:Great graphics.  All the fancy post-effect stuff from AAA titles.  Very cool ship design, from concept to greebling.  And lots of them, too.A surprising amount of ships to buy and play with.  You can trade to a different hull anywhere it's sold, just so long as you have enough money.  You get full price for your trade-in.  Which means you can tradeout your hull for a mission than trade it back.Interesting ship components with meaningful effect on gameplay, diverse weapons.  No one weapon setup is optimum for all situations.  Ships range in size from small corvette's to large dreadnaughts, but everything still has a role to play.  (Tradeoffs between size and power vs. agility and speed.)Excellant economy, trading, and mission based shipping.  Easy trading.  The market value of goods on a planet is auto updated each time you visit it.  Very exciting too, what with scripted rebel and pirate attacks during shipping missions.  And roaming pirates and rebels you can run into just trading on your own.  You definately must keep your ship well outfitted for tougher shipping missions.  Lots of money to be made!Missions of all types vary in difficulty according to your current ship and rig, but you can see a dynamic difficulty rating before accepting it.  Easier missions are always available, if you find yourself up against a wall.Lots of things to buy and upgrade for your ship, or tradeout for an alternate rig to complete missions.  Different races sometimes require different tactics.Cons:There are a few vague ratings and descriptions for ships and components.  But you can usually find the info you need on the Community Hub.Relatively small galaxy compared to more hardcore (and expensive) space trading sims.TL:DRA casual naval game set in space.  The focus is on fun, and zappy pastel deathrays.  Space looks pretty, which is important if you have to spend alot of time staring into the starry depths.  Trade is better than viable, it's an important way to advance and upgrade your ship.  And anything that isn't clear in game is usually on the Hub.I hope they make a sequel!"
,Recommended,290300,26238666,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,ninedra9ons,"Fun indie/open world/action RPG set in space.  Any old gamers who remember Escape Velocity series will enjoy this, as will any fans of Firefly who want be an independent captain operating on the fringes of legality in the vein of Malcolm Reynolds.The combat is good, but I did find it became tedious after a while.  The main quest will become challenging if you don't take on side quests but none of them are particularly interesting (""Fly to X system and deliver cargo"" or ""Destroy pirates at Y coordinates for a bounty""), just repetitive radiant missions.  Nor did I find the main quest story particularly compelling, and I wish the roleplaying element and world-building were stronger.  The ship models available for upgrade also felt a bit constrained, although the amount of customization for equipment is outstanding.The soundtrack really makes the game, reminiscent of Cowboy Bebop at its best."
,Recommended,290300,19740712,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Robnof,"This is a pretty good game, mostly because you get to be a goddamn space pirate. It's mindless repetative fun, but it's a lot of mindless repetative fun.Gives you the option of using a PS4 controller layout, which is great if you want to use a PS4 controller.Lots of ships and upgrades. Sort of reminds me of Freelancer."
76561198135472747,Recommended,290300,20730478,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,vrazhek47,"It's basically Serenity or Firefly: the game. And I can't stop playing it!!!!!Pros:Multiple ships? check. Lasers and aliens? check. Cowboy western outlaw theme and soundtrack? check. Mining? check. Bounty Hunting? check. Cargo hauling and smuggling? check. Pirates and pirating? check. Mercenary work? check.Cons:2d space to move in (tho you quickly get used to it and it simplifies the combat, you wont really miss the 3rd dimension)side missions are pretty standard fare and repetitveNOT ENOUGH OUTLAW COWBOY MUSIC!!!!!!!!!My only wish is more of everything and ,specifically, I'd like to see derelict ship salvaging to be a possible activity to make money! Awesome game all around! If you like most or all of the above pros then stop pondering and get it!!!!!!!!!"
76561197970703994,Recommended,290300,20671890,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,stricksw,"What a BLAST!!! Want to know how Han Solo felt? give this game a whirl. Bang for the buck this is an awesome deal! t is part space sim, part arcade game. At first I was disappointed that there seems to be no vertical axis, only horizontal. That after a while seems to not matter so much. It seems to be pretty large and very beautiful. I havent even left the first galaxy yet...hopefully there will be expansions as things go along. In the mean time there is plenty to do...trade, smuggle get into MANY fights. Upgrade your ship, get a new one...visit strange new places and interact with alien races... Some will be disatisfied there is not the depth of a sim...it DOES lean towards the arcade side...still...that to me isn't a huge deal. There are plenty of in depthe starship simmulations. This has just enough of it and the fun or the arcadish feel. THEN there is the music! AWESOME! very blues rockish, gets you right in the mood to BE that Han Solo character or be your own Scruffy Nerfherder!This was supposed to release on PS4 and I had been waiting, but no date...So I bought it...a couple of days later, what do you know...they released it  there as well. So I have 2 copies! Its good enough and really cheap enough for me to not mind so much.  I very much reccomend this game!"
76561198038229847,Recommended,290300,20717756,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,UltraMagnus,"Fun game. Reminds me of Escape Velocity, but with a more controlled economy (harder to make credits fast)."
,Recommended,290300,23313806,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Castor Troy,You fly through space shooting lasers and listening to rock music. What isn't to like?
,Recommended,290300,28567937,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Trigo Dark Star [Łق],Old schoolish rock tunes to play to and reminds me of Freelancer.
76561198180045167,Recommended,290300,25168820,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,No Spoons,"An enjoyable game overall, combat is fun and I'd say its worth the price but the game is markedly short, there really isn't much else to do other than get an epic ship, kick butt, and listen to the glorious sound track... But then again thats awesome and I'v been doing that for 36 hours total and I could probably keep going.8.967389/10It's not No Mans Sky so make it a 10/10"
76561197980241343,Recommended,290300,20097335,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,FloopyGapples,Do it...
76561198005851839,Recommended,290300,23343755,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,legendarymass,"this game was great.  lots of action.  The ship designs were really unique and cool.  The colors and special effects are really nice too.  Its way more of an arcade space game,  not very simulation.  Thats what i like about it.  You pretty much spend more time fighting and blowing up ships than doing anything else.  Really fun to play"
,Not Recommended,290300,21737261,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,momentarylogic,"Things I absolutely love about Rebel Galaxy:1. Broadside Combat2. 4x (light) Space Sim with tight controls on a controller3. Excellent graphics, gameplay, and a decient story4. Impressive amount of content for the asking price.Things I absolutely despise about Rebel Galaxy:1. Scaled EnemiesReally this is the only thing keeping me from recommending the game. It has so much going for it, but the deeper I got into the game, the more it gave me this overwelming hatered of grinding for gear and ships that perform the same since the enemies will automatically get harder.I felt like I will never beat Rebel Galaxy and it would only allow me to finish it... at some point, and that makes Rebel Galaxy feel like a waste of time.You don't even realize that this is a problem until it is too late and now you have to ""game the system"" in order to play it the way it wants you to.2. Saving at portsThis last point would not anger me so much if the game didn't have Scaled Enemies."
76561197974883007,Recommended,290300,28422788,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Crythorn,"As my stats show, ive played this game for a pretty long time, i grinded all the way up to best ship and weapons/systems. and i fully enjoyed it!The end was a touch poor though, wont say what happens, but you have a chat, then thats it.. you can continue playing but no real reason to... seems like a poor ending, needs some dlc to help fully end the game (be nice to get a nice ending cut scene)But dont let this put you off, its a fun game to play, and its fun to get the top ship and go full broadside destruction on your enemy's!"
76561198085955390,Recommended,290300,20232032,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Mixologist ☠,"I did not expect is to be so much fun. Every time I log in I find myself lost in the universe always looking for that next upgrade. Great soundtrack, fun arcade style gameplay. I can not recommend this enough!Would love the option to buy the soundtrack seperate."
,Recommended,290300,23328726,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,DYLERN,Sea battles with space graphics. Get this game
76561198023454566,Recommended,290300,23451366,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,DrGoo,"I'm in two minds about this game.My greatest concern is the way it was ported to PC.  Firstly flying in a limited 2D plane of motion.  Personally, I would prefer a bit more freedom.  Secondly is the context-sensitive button and that practically everything is mapped to 'qweasd,' making both combat and UI awkward.  It is impossible to use a joystick.However I'll still give it a thumbs up because I played the buggery out of Freelancer, which has a similar feel but the battles are 1,000% more hardcore.  Sick slide guitar soundtrack, too!  Someone cross this game with Dreadnought, please!!"
76561198013999063,Recommended,290300,25813387,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Captain Kranq,"simple and fun...  A space shoot em up ... good guys, bad guys....  Awesome Music...."
76561197960415613,Not Recommended,290300,29309297,Posted: 16 January,all,ms|rp,"ultra repetitive space shooter, not for me. I just don't get how this is popular. Combat wasn't even that fun. I died inside after only 4 hours, I've never stopped playing a game so quickly."
76561198032084581,Not Recommended,290300,29124624,Posted: 8 January,all,rancidsnack,"It is a constant repetition of: Select mission, complete mission, collect credits, spend credits to enhance ship, same exact mission only higher difficulty level, repeat."
76561198089241315,Recommended,290300,25808012,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,WickdFirestarter,Fun and quirky game
76561198052680433,Recommended,290300,25812895,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,milhouse.,"Well worth the price. It's a bit like a light version of Freelancer; upgrade your ship and weapons, hunt down pirates, trade goods, etc. It isn't as long and fleshed out as Freelancer was because it's made by a smaller studio, but then again the price is a lot less so again; well worth the price.And the music, is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. You'll see."
,Recommended,290300,29879979,Posted: 12 February,all,RedAndSTicky46,beautiful
,Recommended,290300,19473949,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Muscle Samurai,It is worth the 20 dollars. It isn't exactly (or close) to the trailers you may have seen but it's worth it. 20 dollars for about 25 hours of gameplay is less than a dollar per hour. Don't expect the next classic though.
76561197969457174,Recommended,290300,19473713,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Trux3d,lots of action upgrading exploring
,Recommended,290300,23321167,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Cmdr McTosh,"i always wanted to play freelancerbut i couldn't because of the upside-down controls with no option to invert. uninstalled it 2 minutes after booting it up and googling for ""invert mouse"" to find there wasn't even a mod for it, which was a shame.i always felt like i'd lost out not being able to play that game (i'm too old to be re-learning how to play with upside-down controls)thanks to this game i've no longer lost out! i get to play a similar game with right-way-up controls10/10.fun casual space shooter.A bit repetative/restrictive, lack of content though - not really open world - more of a semi-open world. you can\'t really do much, can\'t do any real exploring/make friendships/walk around etc. game feels a bit unfinished like there\'s something missing, if it was opened up to modding to let people mod in some RPG elements i think modders would make this game completethat being said, i\'d still recommend it, especially for the price. not one for fans yearning for a hardcore space sim mind - i think it was more aimed at console peasants, relaxing sofa and soda casual space shooter kids kind of game. but still enjoyable even for us more adult hardcore pc gamers - i enjoyed it anyway."
,Recommended,290300,29273105,Posted: 15 January,all,Willammt,Loved the game right up until the ending which just was bleh. So you will love it till then.
,Recommended,290300,31339372,Posted: 24 April,all,v2446v,"Pretty nutty, i rate 9/11"
,Not Recommended,290300,24338763,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Toast,"This game likes to stretch itself out. Normally i don't mind a game that takes me a long time to complete. I like feeling as if i got my money's worth. Good games (like Witcher 3) do this by giving you hours upon hours of enjoyable content and interesting plot. Rebel Galaxy stretches itself out by creating a vast emptiness between everypoint and making your speed very very slow. I get it, it's space, there is supposed to be an emptiness, vast distances between places. So what's the point of giving me a warp drive (one that no matter how much you upgrade still seems slow as hell) if it's still going to take me two minutes to reach anywhere i want to go, and that's only if i'm lucky enough to not get stopped by a group of pirates or an asteroid field.I've spent 17 hours playing this game, the majority of it was spent in transit. All the tension this game gave me was not from space battles or plot development, but instead the worry of wether or not i would reach the next objective anytime soon.If you want to pretend to be a space trucker hauling cargo for days on end, just to afford better gear to slowly move the story forward. then this game is for you.If you're looking for fun, and excitement, look elsewhere."
76561198030534421,Recommended,290300,29573680,Posted: 29 January,all,Khorlith,I'm really enjoying this game.The story is interesting and the music and combat are satisfying.
76561197966755742,Not Recommended,290300,21760194,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,[uV}Kilo11,"Game was fine... til started corrupting my monitors then my save file. At first I had no problems, then the other day it started acting up, my monitors would go black and stay that way if I happened to alt tab, forcing me to hard reboot. Then tonight all other monitors but the one the game itself was on would go black while the game was still running. If I quit the game the monitor it was on would also go black, forcing me to hard reboot. The 3rd time this happened, my save was corrupted, taking me all the way back to a save from the first 10 minuets of playing, I had several hours/days of play time completely lost. Have now lost total interest in playing this game ever again. I have tons of other games none of which gave this type of problem."
76561198087664425,Recommended,290300,25840694,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Tinevez,"3rd person view of what is essentially a tabletop game.  (You can steer left or right, but not up or down.  It's not ""space,"" the whole game exists on one flat disc surrounded by  a space background.)Text flash tutorials don't really do a good job of explaining what you need to do, or what you should expect from combat.  That being said, combat (once you get the hang of it) is really well done despite being on the previously mentioned flat surface.Extremely imbalanced difficulty levels may discourage some players.  Each solar system, including the first one, starts off very difficult.  Avoid fights, do some cargo hauling missions to upgrade your ship before attempting combat or progressing the story.The story starts pretty shallow, towards the middle it stays shallow, and it ends shallow.Once you get the hang of the combat in this game, and if you're ok grinding cargo hauling missions from place to place - it's a lot of fun.  Objectively I don't think it's a very well polished game, but it's definitely worth the ten bucks on Steam Sale if you're a big sci-fi fan, and only if you're a big sci fi fan.Hitting recommend because subjectively I'd rank it between 5/10 and 6/10"
,Recommended,290300,25848086,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Erstaunlich,Its basicly singleplayer Elite:Dangerous.
,Recommended,290300,22945172,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Raggamuffin,"Five Word Review: Love me some space fighting.Favorite Thing: Buying a new ship.+ The combat is fun. Simple, but fun+ Nice selection of ships and weapons+ Simple though decent story+ Built in no-UI screenshot feature!- Space is big, I get it, but travel is slow with lots of forced stops along the way.- Very grindy to get the cash for those upgrades.Playtime: 15h (got tired of the grind after 10h)Enjoyment: 8/10"
76561197970385470,Recommended,290300,25848397,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,krazypickle,"k, ive got about 5 hours. The game to me is simple and fun, just complicated enough. If you picked up elite dangerous and were stumped by the learning curve, then RG is a good buy, I got it on sale for 10 bucks.its 2d,  which is brilliant for keeping space exploration/combat a bit less dizzying.i recommend it for the non hardcore, more arcadey types. Peace"
76561198008259682,Recommended,290300,20266569,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Frankie,"Without trying to be in-depth I just state first that the game is a must for every blues, blues-rock, heavy-blues fan with a knack for sci-fi.Atmosphere is unique, with western-like feeling in a ""trashy-space"" environment.Gameplay is casual and entertaining with simple yet immersive paths from piracy to commerce, rounds out the RPG aspect.Coding is smooth: runs perfectly on an average hardware while still looking great.Story is good enough not to be lackluster, dialogues are humorous.Ship customization could be deeper, yet wouldn't call it shallow.DO NOT, ever play the game after a few beers more than enough, no matter how awesome is the soundtrack! The game has a fairly good auto-saving system, yet if you pass out while travelling with warp speed, getting back to the actual game will take quite some time after you manage to recover.http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008259682/screenshot/353895963664216939"
76561197993296142,Recommended,290300,18796910,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Rambob,"Great game for it's genre. Heavy on combat, keep getting hull, shield, and deflector upgrades FTW... pulse cannon are cheap and good."
,Recommended,290300,22868838,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,foolish.scholar,Fantastic game. I need more!!!
76561198056626462,Recommended,290300,21174011,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Autism Supremacy,Very good game with engaging space combat. A DLC to add further depth to the mechanics and game is something I'd gladly pay for. This game is great value for money as it is however.
76561197975404041,Recommended,290300,22819492,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Stythys,Very fun game. The space ship combat is very enjoyable and it has a decent main story. Just wish the story mode was longer and they would come out with an expansion with alien ships in it.
76561197972321908,Recommended,290300,20190208,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,zyl0x,"Do you like Firefly? Do you like flying around in a ship and blowing stuff up? Then buy this game.Play as a pirate, smuggler, merchant, miner, mercenary, soldier or any combination you like!The story is nothing to write home about, but this is mostly a space sandbox anyway. The game itself is absolutely gorgeous and an incredible pleasure to play. There are many different ship types to play around with and different weapon combinations to keep you interested for a good while. The little dinky tugboat you start out with isn't much, but it won't take you too long to throw some bigger guns on it and start slugging it out with the bigger ships.Ship flight is arcade-style and takes place in faux-3D space: that is to say smaller ships like fighters and bombers (which you don't pilot) fly around in 3D, but the bigger ships, from corvettes to dreadnaughts, stay on a 2D plane. Ships have turrets and you can pick up a hireable strike-craft to help you out, but most of the firepower is concentrated in naval-style broadside weaponry.Difficulty is mostly linear and is determined by the tier of your equipment, not the size of your ship, so you're not forced to play a huge, sluggish battleship if you don't want to (or don't want to save up for it.) Some people have complained about the ""risk estimate"" for certain missions being a little inaccurate, but I haven't really had any issues with it provided I upgrade my equipment properly and am not afraid to bug out when the going gets tough.Default soundtrack is great - a pleasureable selection of hard rock music that fits the tone of the game. You can add your own music, or replace the whole soundtrack altogether if you want. Controls are smooth, with the occasional futzing required with overlapping cargo containers (protip: use your targetting scanner to lock onto the container you want.) Graphics are absolutely stunning and the sound effects are top notch.Definitely worth picking up this gem!"
76561198055235911,Recommended,290300,18670450,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Sage35,"WARP INHIBITED BY STELLAR MASSWARP INHIBITED BY STELLAR MASSWARP INHIBITED BY STELLAR MASSWARP INHIBITED BY STELLAR MASSWARP INHIBITED BY STELLAR MASSWARP INHIBITED BY STELLAR MASSWARP INHIBITED BY STELLAR MASSWARP INHIBITED BY STELLAR MASSWARP INHIBITED BY STELLAR MASSI was given a mission to defense a Miltia Advanced Destroyer, i got there and it was then killed by a fighter. Miltia Advanced Destroyer Ace Captain JC 2k15- May he R.I.P in peace, but the SS Mark Leetus and her crew will not be detered.The game is pretty good though."
76561198030978104,Recommended,290300,18675731,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Tylermcd93,"Honestly this game wasn't even on my radar mainly because there are so many space games on steam I generally pass them by. However this game was different after I actually saw some gameplay. It shares many similarities to games I love like Sid Meier's Pirates, Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag, etc. It shares that similar formula, there are many places in the vast emptiness of space where you can trade, take up mission for many different factions, etc. The economy is very in-depth but not complicated when it comes to trading. You can fully customize your ship with many different weapons and modifications (or even buy a new ship). Complete openness as well as many different enormous Solar Systems you can travel to and from. The most unique part of this game though, is the music. The music is very odd for a space, sci-fi oriented game however that just makes it even more epic with its t'wang of country or southern-rock-inspired music. I also have not come across any glitches or crashes yet. I would easily give this game a 10/10."
,Recommended,290300,18633647,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Judas,Pirated the game and liked it so much i decied to buy it. Only complaint i wish there was mobile version. Great game guys keep up the good work.
76561198083834172,Recommended,290300,18689056,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,nihongodehanaseru,"The pacing in this game is brilliant. I only have about 7 hours into it but I can say without any issue that I am still hooked. Polished gameplay, a soundtrack that reminds me of Firefly(the TV Show) and well thoughout progression system.One downside is that there is no real depth in the faction system. But a fun game overall!"
76561197987510613,Recommended,290300,22282531,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,telcoken,"Rebel Galaxy is a very entertaining adventure space 'simulator'.  More adventure than Elite Dangerous and easier to jump into for a quick session.  Many aspects of the game are similar to Elite Dangerous, but in RG you only move in two demensions instead of all three.  But the 2 dimensions of movement is implemented in a way that doesn't leave me missing the 3rd dimension.  A bit more arcade than a space simulator, but you don't have to worry about dealing with the real-size of space and how long it takes to navigate it as you do in Elite D. (but that's one of the things I often enjoy about Elite!).Well worth the price and I can see myself getting many hours of enjoyment from this game!"
76561198123134411,Recommended,290300,22268922,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,6khaos9,I wqas  looking for a good space based rpg when i came across Rebel Galaxy.  I was impressed with the soundtrack i liked the feel of space flight and the interaction was solid.  Combat i thought coulds have been improved spinning around and around trying to lock on broadside go old rather quickly but overall i would recommend this game if you are looking for some space action
76561198053229074,Recommended,290300,21606035,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,-_-,NEED DLC.     WANT MORE.
76561197998065417,Recommended,290300,21988891,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Scheemann,If you liked the old space game Freelancer you will definitely like this one. For all other people. This game is a capital ship fighting space game. You can customise every piece of equipment on your ship from engines to weapons.
76561197994398461,Recommended,290300,22255442,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Balnar The Dwarf of Cataclysm,Fun and for the price it's a steal.
76561197979353957,Recommended,290300,18591642,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Velrisias,Its a great casual space RPG. Think in the lines off heavy metal 2000 meets battlestar galactica with country music.
76561198145706524,Recommended,290300,22097893,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,SapoCanhoto,"Solid game, it's not the deepest game out there, but the price is right."
76561197999455720,Recommended,290300,22165571,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Andross,"Rebel Galaxy is a fun expansive space game that sacrifices complete freedom and dogfighting to bring something completely new to the table, which is fun and uniquePros:-Areas feel big and look wonderful-Awesome music which adds a bit of a Mad Max feel (my opinion)-Ship combat which reminds strongly combat in pirate games (hence swashbuckling adventure) which requires maneuvering to let shields recover or attack another angle of the enemy that's more vulnerable and using ""deflectors"" to absorb damage in an emergency-Fully voice acted with only a few quircky lines and many alien dialects-huge variety of weapons and defence mechanisms to choose from which can change gameplay, especially the ""broadside"" weapons-Possibility to either be lawful or piraty which will make some outposts hate you and others accept you-Trade or fight and/or join certain factions which have unique ships or items-You can engage Warp at almost any point and do not have to travel to some gate unless you go to a different starsystem-An interesting story around your Aunt and a certain object she uncovered...Cons:-You are limited to a 2D Plane, same as for the big enemy ships but not the fighters. Can feel limiting, ESPECIALLY when you have something thats below you, like an asteroid you want to laser to get to the goodies inside but your turret is on top so you have to maneuver in a way so that it reaches-Combat most of the time is just firing broadside weapons, managing your other turrets in combat is not viable-The camera is almost impossible to control unless you switch to broadsides. Game knows this and hints at it but it can take some getting used to especially during mining-Nearly EVERYTHING is automated. Meaning, for example, that if you want to engage ""Warp"" you have to wait for the game to give you the go ahead after you travelled for x distance. And retrieving a specific piece of cargo between many is really hard to do.-Controller is, as far as I can see, required.-The ""Warp"" will not get you to your destination immediately so you can sit back and wait until you arrive. Many time you have to almost drift out of the way of nebulas and asteroid fields. Its  easy to dodge but it can get annoying. If this makes the warping more interesting or annoying is up for debate. (I personally do not mind TOO much but I would want to sit back and let the game take me there without me doing anything sometimes)Overall: I like this game a lot. I played Freelancer and loved the heck out of that game too. And I noticed that even though you were not restricted to a 2d plane and it was dogfighting and not ship to ship combat in that game, I get a similar vibe from this game too.You DEFINITELY get your moneys worth."
76561197993890334,Recommended,290300,18593810,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,C_MacManus,"Awesome game. Great soundtrack, good graphics, fun combat, interesting story. Probably around 50 hrs of gameplay for $20. For a small development team with no crowd funding, a very impressive product."
76561198041722340,Recommended,290300,18591761,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Pickled Rick,"OMG the music is amazing, and the game play is just awesome. its a must buy"
76561198067251264,Recommended,290300,18592475,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Zachev,"I had my doubts about this game, largely due to its 2 dimensional style, however, I believe its 2d nature actually adds to the game.  Navigation is very simple, and the combat is pretty good too.  The music, though, is what makes this a great game.Off topic:This game reminded me about a game I played years ago called Starfury.  (And boy did I love that game as a kid)"
,Recommended,290300,18593441,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Polybius,"Pretty fun game. Lots of flying around, the early side missions are easy enough to let you get the hang of flying your ship. The Soundtrack is AMAZING."
76561197982838249,Recommended,290300,18593906,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Amongenesis,"A nice fun space ship combat game, makes me think of a firefly cross freelancer mashup.4/5 Stars !!!! :)"
76561197970911315,Recommended,290300,21992355,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,zman,A fun space adventure. I love the feel to the world and the old sailing ship type feel to combat.
76561198115329312,Recommended,290300,22127844,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,calais0525,love this game so far. reminds me of playing Privateer all those years ago.
76561198030126225,Recommended,290300,23825283,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,taram.caldar,"It's been a long time since I found a good successor to Elite, Privateer and Privateer II... Freelancer wasn't bad but it was a bit more linear than I like... kinda forced you through the storyline when you would rather just explore the area a bit before moving on.Very happy I found this title.  Easily the best ""Privateer"" style Space Opera game I've found in a decade!  Far better than Freelancer.  Just a lot of fun and so many ways to play.  It's single player only but that suits me just fine.  Every time I've tried one of these that had multiplayer, including Freelancer, the single player quality suffered for it.The missions are fun.  The story line is intriguing and the voice work is pretty impressive for such a small group of voice actors.  12 hours in and I've only just begun the story.  Really enjoying this title."
,Recommended,290300,23780973,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Deis [MDS],This is an exceptionally fun and entertaining game. The combat is a delightful naval style and not your typical 3D space combat. The character voice acting is humorous and appropriate and gives the game a wonderful charm. The sound and music is fantastic. I am looking forward to many more hours of this game and to see what more comes from the developers.
,Recommended,290300,23881635,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Thug Life,"There's not a hell of alot of complexity to this game, I've only played it for two hours and I don't know if there's more stuff to unlock, seems like it needs more ""stuff"" but I really enjoy just flying around, listening to the music, and picking fights with Military Destroyers after they try to seize my black market organs cargo for contraband. kek"
76561198014941377,Recommended,290300,23883656,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,blaircorson,"Love the game. If you played Freelancer back in the day this game has alot of similarities. You can play the campaign at your leisure. In fact the game is very much like an rpg in that you have to ""level up"". Buy better ships and accessories. The controls are easy to learn and the capital ship combat is fun if a bit fast paced for larger ships. It's unfortunate you can't fly in a true 3D space like in freespace but I soon forgot about it and was sucked into the gameplay and universe.It's hard to believe that this is an indie game. Freespace is still the standard for mouse driven space action games. But until Microsoft decides to release it to steam or gog, this game will most certainly scratch that itch. Definitely worth a play if you are a fan of Privateer, Elite, or Freespace."
76561197996002534,Recommended,290300,23894182,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,kornjerker,darn good
76561198287153718,Recommended,290300,23735667,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,bierwulf75,"Worth it. Decent graphics, fun game play, easy mechanics. A great game for those times you just don't feel like being 'on' or slayin'. Turn up the Clutch, grab a pint, and throw on a space helmet and eye patch. It's as close to a space pirate I'll ever be."
76561197984206584,Recommended,290300,23900834,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Aeronerd,I played through this game twice!  I found it to be a very relaxing and entertainig way to spend some time blowing things up in space.   Definitely pick it up if you enjoy upgrading ships to carry out mercenary missions alongside excellent music.
76561198148196195,Recommended,290300,20281100,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Kreeds,"Do you enjoy ruining pirates and protecting the galaxy? Or would you like to take out the ""Man"" run wild and steal what should have been yours in the first place? Everything Elite Dangerous over modded and Firefly wanted to do. I HIGHLY recommend this game. It can be causual or action packed."
,Recommended,290300,23919878,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Nik,"A lighthearted and fairly entertaining RPG in space. The plot and gameplay are moderately entertaining, and the game's environment and construction are well done. I don't think I would dump hundreds of hours in this game, but by the time I finished the main storyline I was still happy with it."
,Recommended,290300,23807994,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,MolsonFL,"Not the most complicated space sim/spaced RPG I've ever played.  But simplistic does not equal simple.I'm only about two hours in and there's depth here.  You spend all of your time on your ship.  The times you do dock at stations, these are static scenes that you use menus to navigate.  That said, it's functional.My one complaint is that the game isn't 3D.  Yes, it's 3D rendered but you can't move across all three axis.  You're stuck in a plane and this is space. Come on, you couldn't have provided some damn height to the systems?That doesn't take away from the fun I've had so far.  Definitely worth the sale price."
,Recommended,290300,23900423,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Vloshko,Finally I can be the space cowboy I've always dreamed of being.
76561198029871315,Recommended,290300,23906427,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,yummyjulie,"Really enjoyed this game.  I'm a huge Firefly fan, with the style, game mechanics and awesome rock soundtrack, it comes very close.  I love the different approaches you can take, the interesting storylines and exploration.Awesome game!  I'd like to see more random events and character development/story."
76561197970384376,Recommended,290300,23741014,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Hand_Of_Glory,"Could be so much more.. At this time the price is right.. Be aware tho that the game is limited, its a short storyline game with not much more. Its alot less then it could have been.. Content wise its no more then a 20euro/usd game imo."
76561198276973707,Recommended,290300,23803779,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,KittenSniffer,"Pretty good. Fits the action and adventure of open space pretty well although it can feel a bit repetive and empty. Get better equipment and bigger ships to shoot sometimes old enemies who have gotten harder. Still, not a bad game."
,Recommended,290300,23804748,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Lolligator,"I'd recommend this game to anyone who enjoys arcade-like space-themed combat.The player pilots various capital ships that are locked into a 2D plane, so if 3D space combat is your thing you probably won't enjoy this one.  The equipment is varied enough that there is some variety and entertainment is trying out various ships and builds, and the game features broadside main guns, turrets, and dumbfire slots on every ship.Pros:Fun arcade mechanicsDecent amount of ships and equipmentCons:Can get very repetativeTrade and mining mechanics are dull"
,Recommended,290300,23770210,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,VampireZIM,"This game is incredible!  Best space game I have played in a long time!  I bought this game on sale and now I feel bad, because this game is worth WAY MORE than its normal price, sale price is a steal!"
76561198049684009,Recommended,290300,23776950,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,CuriousCabbitBlue,been playing this a good bit~~ I enjoy it~ music is fraking amazing it sets the atmostphere perfectly~ I wish there was modding supportthe game is good I just hope for more in the future at least modding tools and maybe more lore/background on the races
76561198005626309,Recommended,290300,23782441,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Khanage,I really enjoy this game a lotthe whole trading aspect adds something different to the game instead of grinding out missions to get that ship you want
,Not Recommended,290300,28300677,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Graymaven,"To be honest, I was really rooting for this game. I'm a space junkie, if it's set in the stars I am SO there. I was hoping this would be something I would love but... no.The game looks very pretty, the ships are unique enough in design and the environments are great.The game is a 2.5D tabletop space game, you are a capital ship that moves in 2D with the rest fo the capital ships while smaller fighters and bombers move in 3D.  In theory this is meant to reflect your weight/lack of maneuverability as a capital ship and streamline combat/movement.  In practice, it makes combat with other capital ships boring and combat with smaller fighters frustrating. The story is threadbare at best, consisting of a string of fetch quests narrated by badly acted npcs.Don't waste your money here."
,Recommended,290300,18697160,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Razan,God damn better.
76561197999970585,Recommended,290300,23328391,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Sorboclese,"Its just a fun game with a good atmosphere if you like space games. It is not a space sim, make no mistake. It is not an expansive game like Independence war 2 either, but it does capture some of the vibe."
,Recommended,290300,18605079,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Grendael,Wow. Not played much yet but i instantly liked it. A lot.
76561198030721707,Recommended,290300,20122712,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,LT Gen Klink,"What's not to love about being a southern rebel in space? Granted your craft acts more like a sailship with rocket boosters than a starship, but that doesn't detract from the fun."
76561197993353652,Recommended,290300,20616775,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Matticus,"Only a couple of hours in, and I have to say I am very pleased with my purchase.The controls are easy to pick up, and the combat is great with some sweet southern rock soundtrack. Like other people, I too shall compare it to the ship combat in Assassin's Creed Black Flag on crack and steroids, in space. Ship upgrades can be purchased through earning credits you earn from missions and the storyline. More missions may open up as you get more upgrades, and they are rated by risk factor (very low, low, average, high, and very high). You can meet up with people at space stations and talk with dialogue options. Dialogue options and missions you complete will influence whether you're good or space pirate. It's like a mass effect lite good and evil system, but I have no idea how much it will influence the rest of the game. No real opinion on story yet.My initial impression so far is that Rebel Galaxy is a very fun and very addictive game that you can lose lots of time to. If you're looking for something a bit easier to get into than Elite Dangerous or Star Citizen, enjoyed the ship comat in black flag, and are looking to also spend less money, then I think Rebel Galaxy can scratch your space combat itch."
76561198073550338,Recommended,290300,21244255,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,alex6phr,good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198025782094,Recommended,290300,26346530,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,llama1337,This is a pretty great game if you like space pew pew.
,Recommended,290300,18705149,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Lupus64,"Fantastic, absolutely worth the $20 I paid for it and then some.It's the gritty, space cowboy vibe of Starcraft and Firefly with some deep combat that you [finally] won't want a friggin' flight stick to enjoy.+Soundtrack is almost worth the price alone. Hint: use an .ogg file converter.+Cool ship design and some fantastic depth to the gear+Simplicity of movement thanks to no verticality (you don't need to fly up or down, just left, right, or forward)-Combat is satisfying as all hell but some of the nuances could be explained better. It took me a while to figure out how flak cannons work, for instance.-Some kinds of gear, such as engines, have more of a bland linear progression than a matter of preference and variety.-Game only saves at space stations-Some achievements are busted. (ex: my achievement ticker says I've killed a space pirate lord or whatnot, but the tracker for killing 10 says I haven't gotten a single oneTLDR: It's the space sim you want without all the complicated crap that would push you away."
76561198022372093,Recommended,290300,18595488,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Adz420,This game 10/10
76561198281727465,Recommended,290300,23345309,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,dughla,best of the best !
76561197970542981,Recommended,290300,18595421,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Quantum,"Fantastic game, amazing soundtrack. It's a steal for sub $20."
,Recommended,290300,23321040,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Aush,cant stop playing this
76561197971872842,Recommended,290300,18706456,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Riph,"Fast, fun captital ship combat bound to a 2d plane just like Black Flag.  Procedurally generated universe that is different each time you play.  Great music, fantastic visuals.  Tons of upgrades and new ships to buy.  A surprisingly well-realized trading system that makes you money without being easily exploited.This game is 99% combat, and combat is a blast.  It's fun.  You're thinking, ""I need to grind out 2 million credits for that new engine"" and then you look at the clock and three hours have passed, you've made 5 million credits in bounties, and you didn't even notice because it was so engaging."
,Recommended,290300,20197755,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Gadget,"I like it!  It is a simple and enjoyable space trader/shooter that is also addictive.  You cannot travel up or down, but the way the universe is laid out, you don't need to.  The broadside battles are similar to naval broadside battles, and the music is very good!  I feel that I am playing some form of firefly episode.  :D"
76561198043972689,Not Recommended,290300,21018429,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,trent_marine,"no z axis.its a freakin beautifull game. but you have no idea how boring it is to have no z axis till u expect it and its not there.taken from revewer kobo....i agree completely""I also didn't like the weapons. They auto aim at stuff, and you do broadside combat where you don't really have to lead or even aim close, your weapons all just kind of pick stuff and shoot at it. The combat is very non engaging and easy, and if it were hard I'm not sure it would be anything but frustrating since there doesn't seem to be any strategy or skill involved."" -kobothat was honestly an even biger turn off for me than being stuck on a horizontal grid. You literaly just charge the weapons and point in a general direction. if theres 2 ships in that direction then the cannons just shoot the one they want"
,Recommended,290300,28239238,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,NightRover,Nice space game
76561198128454340,Recommended,290300,18650749,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,mfsz,Having Illegal things and get stopped by NavyGive them the itemRun AwayBribe(oh♥♥♥♥♥♥man i forgot to save and i dont want them to take my stuff click Bribe)Navy ( Do you take me for a fool? Attack!)Me ( Run like no tomorrow )Would do it again :)
,Recommended,290300,32702856,Posted: 23 June,all,DARKSTORM,"REBEL GALAXY 2017 REVIEW:PROS:GRAPHICS: There is nothing like hunting and fighting your enemy while in the backdropof a stunning planet or blazing sun. All the ships going by and space stations absolutely glitter. The broadsidebattles are simply amazing and seeing the damage on your ship after you have won the batte with scorch marksholes and sparking remains makes you want to repair your ship and find the next bounty or mission!GAMEPLAY: If you enjoyed playing Freelancer in the past this is the game for you! Yet is unfair to compare the two as this game is quite different in many ways and is a hidden gem!The controls are quite easy to pick up and by just pointing your ship in the indictated direction of your mission (In yellow) the on screen prompts tell you what to do from hitting E to go to hyperspace for what direction your next mission is.BATTLES: If you think you will be flying a tiny ship think again as flying capital ships in this game is truly what sets thisgame apart from others in its Genre. The BROADSIDE BATTLES is so well done that at times it leaves you on the edge ofyour seat wondering if you will win. The ability to put up a shield for incoming fire and being able to switch guns mid battle is what makes this game so much fun!  DDG could have easily made this game into one that enabled the NPCs to just sit their and fight it out with you as you circle them and easily take your enemy out.Yet each battle can be unique with some running away and others defiantly going down in a blaze of glory. When you get to the 3 or four way battles then the CHAOS happens and its truly awesome!STORYLINE: If you enjoyed Freelancer and love Firefly TV series this is the game for you!The ability to choose your own dialog from being the galaxies ultimate Villain/Pirate to the goodguy will make you want to have two different save files to play good and bad.VOICEOVERS: You have to give credit where credit is due. We have seen countless games with scrolling dialog at thebottom that go so slowly our eyes bleed or voiceovers that make us cringe. Yet DDG did it RIGHT!Each character, from the local bartender, contact, enemy and every alien has its own unique voice and the ability to choose to tick them off or be their friend is a pleasant surprise. The hallarous responses are quite a blast.There is also a feature in Area Scan that pauses the game and you can talk with the enemy at times. (More Below)IN BATTLE: Quite a surprise is while in battle the enemy will at times taunt you or when loosing will contact you with different messages. This alone makes you feel when playing the game for the first time that your playing against a real person. GREAT JOB DDG!TRADING/MINING: Trading is quite enjoyable if you like to conquor the galaxy that way and mining changes things up from the usual gameplay.GALAXY MAP: Yes I gave this one its own subject and when playing this game you'll understand why. We are all tired I am sure of simply seeing dots and names on a map and thats it. Not in this game! You can scroll right in to see the area from astroids to space stations to give you an idea of what your jumping into. Again great job DDG!!MUSIC: You will see alot of comments about firefly in the reviews and rightly so, the music makesthe game and is epic. Then again if you dont like the firefly-like music and your not a browncoat than you can mute it.But either way from the moment you enter the game you feel like you could play for hours.CUTSCENES: Talking with the NPC either hailing from your ship, talking to the local bartender (Human, Robot, or Alien)is a treat and the ability to change your mind by telling them off or being the good guy is so much fun.AREA SCAN: Great feature very few talk about. The ability to pause the game and scan your enemy and see if they have a bounty, what they have in their cargo hold or even which one you want to target first is awesome! There is even an option at times to talk with the enemy through this screen, which will give you a cut scene to them either asking for money for them to leave you alone or to bribe you the other way. Great feature.CONS:Badly in need of a DLC!!GAMEPLAY:  Its been said in many reviews that side missions, random encounters get Repetitive. Yet depending on the player and if one is going from one mission to the next for hours and hours it may seem that way but I have found that it isnt really all that bad if you truly take your time and enjoy the game.I do agree with many who say that the ships going by are very few, not that we need alot going by inthe galaxy itself but it would be nice at major space stations and jump points to see ships coming and going more to get the sense that their is more than just us in this amazing world. (Ie. Ships coming through warp gates like freelancer)WEAPONS:  Being able to customize your equipment and weapons would make this game better and more diverse.2D MOVEMENT: Please dont take this next part as the galaxy being 2D for the game is certainly not that. Yet adding the ability to move up or down would be welcomed and would add another Strategy aspect to the battles.Conclusion: Absoultely an amazing game! Cant wait for a DLC and if Multiplayer did happenwell this game would without a doubt be on the top of the charts!! 9/10"
76561198128078728,Recommended,290300,33821487,Posted: 26 July,all,Dead Nutria,Nice open world game with entertaining characters that you meet along the way - very Firefly'ish.  One of my favorite games in the space genre.
76561197970384883,Recommended,290300,26170126,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,FHDA,67%
76561198034500365,Recommended,290300,27232596,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,earl_bird,"What can I say ...loved the sound track. Game is a lot of fun too. Win, win!"
,Recommended,290300,23788292,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,plk Lesiak,"A very enjoyable, even if a bit short and light on content side space combat sim/exploration game.Pros:+ Fun and often surprisingly complex combat, with decent weapon variety and high emphasis on manouvering+ A lot of ships to choose with often real trade-offs (firepower vs manouverability) and a decent amount of customization.+ Short, but enjoyable story+ Unique climate, with voice-acting and sountrack properly supporting the ""Wild West"" vibe.+ A universe full of random stuff happening+ Nice looking and well optimized graphicsCons:- Short main story- Somewhat generic and repetetive side missions- Not that much content - in my playtime I've bought the strongest ship with best modules and basicly saw everything the game has to offer- No endgame or super-rare stuff worth finding- Trade and mining are somewhat limited, there is no industrial aspect in the game like in Elite: Dangerous or X3This game definitly turned out to be much better than it had any right to be. If you're looking for a somewhat casual space sim that will give you an engaging universe and freedom to choose your own style of playing, look no further. It won't last forver, but will give you 20-30 hours of very solid experience.I just hope they will come up with some expansion packs or a sequel that will expand on the formula. They have most of the basics done right, giving the player some far-reaching goals, like conquering stations and building an industrial empire would make it absolutely awesome."
76561198075068434,Recommended,290300,23944187,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,It's oregano man!,The game is unique out of all of the games being released recently. But the ending was hella anti-climatic.
,Recommended,290300,23981940,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Molyporph,"Rebel Galaxy is a fun game, that get's repetitive in the later parts.I really enjoyed most of my time with the game, it doesn't have much variety though. There are not many different quest types and it feels like the music loops through the same few songs over and over.These things are no problems in the beginning. I had a blast just trucking through space, retrieving and delivering cargo to different stations, outrunning or shooting bandits, earn money and upgrade you ship. Once I was ready to leave the first system I realized it doesn't really change.It doesn't help that you have to do the ""grinding"", side missions between the main story to earn money, to buy better parts for you ship or a different ship altogether so you can survive against higher level enemies.I have an alright tolerance for this but got fed up after about 30h and just wanted to finish the game. It's possible I spend to much time in the first system(s) and maybe could have been more efficient to go to different systems earlier for more lucrative quests. Your mileage may vary.If that isn't a problem for you, this is the perfect game for you!"
76561198061468872,Recommended,290300,18647073,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,jlondon1984,AWESOME GAME ONE OF MY NEW FAVOURITES SPACE SIMS GAME OUT THERE IF YOU BUY THIS GAME YOU WILL NOT BE SORRY SO BUY IT ALREADY LOL
76561198112030680,Recommended,290300,18647064,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,rock6800,Rebel Galaxy is good space game i gave it 10\10 :Di hope there a part Rebel Galaxy 2
76561197970812087,Not Recommended,290300,21035301,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,magnusej,"Space. The final frontier. Endless and awesome (not like an awesome hotdog...), and now; it comes in two dimensions. Two hours of game time can be summed up by; holding E and listening to a female voice telling me we're entering sub-light speeds every two to five second. I requested a refund, but apparently Valve cannot find the game Rebel Galaxy in their records..?"
,Recommended,290300,19928131,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Sergeant Sphynx,See you space cowboy...
,Recommended,290300,22084990,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Neppe,"You did not like this game?No problem, the soundtracks alone is worth the price, and it is cheaper then two albums on Itunes.Also, the game is good too."
76561198047649664,Recommended,290300,22164504,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Craig,"A bit of space exploration fun for people like me who don't really want to learn to be a pilot.  The 2d nature of the movement is a bit odd especially as other things move in 3 dimensions but it does work.  Not for the hardcore space pilot and has a very arcade feel.Some fun to be had here, worth the time."
76561198189107275,Recommended,290300,22257483,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Quackychief,"Simple to pick up, and fun to play"
,Recommended,290300,23392803,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,X3Z,It's a GEM! But we seriously need content DLCs or even Rebel Galaxy 2!
76561198039852035,Recommended,290300,23318410,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,The.Rickest.Rick,Guys get this game on sale I loved it. Solid 30 hours of fun.
76561198008385427,Recommended,290300,23318433,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Wolfbite,"Great \""sail age\"" rendition of space battles and a nice sandbox to go along with it."
76561198039728278,Recommended,290300,25280121,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,thenickerman,Broadside battles
76561197975218065,Recommended,290300,23661266,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Defektiv,Elite Dangerous meets Borderlands with a soundtrack and style that will have you reminiscing about the good ole Firefly days.
,Recommended,290300,23667897,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Kolhammer,"If you like space cowboy or cowboy bebop you'll enjoy this game, so much great and i would purcahse DLC and extras if it had it."
76561198026250159,Recommended,290300,23362393,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,DodgeDallas,I dropped out of warp  and accidentally crashed through a small ship... bounty received 11/10
76561198017910443,Recommended,290300,23610575,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Emperor Fooble,<3 the sound track
76561197982933163,Recommended,290300,23662572,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,egorkadummy,Nobody's ever going to accuse this game of having serious depth... but it's definitely a roaring good time for the time you spend with it.
76561198027020560,Recommended,290300,30437084,Posted: 10 March,all,Darth Wal,"It's a decent game, reminiscent of Wing Commander: Privateer.The only issue I see is that the controls are somewhat simplified due to it being a console port (ok, I'm fairly sure it's a console port) and there are a number of options missing.   Not being able to zoom out from your ship, not being able to go 1st person, not being able to check your inventory in flight or dump cargo...But otherwise, it really is a decent game which kept me hooked until the end.7.5/10"
76561198023710205,Recommended,290300,29943523,Posted: 15 February,all,Homlepung,Love the muzak and the atmosfere in this game. Better than the disapointment from x:3.
76561198070182453,Recommended,290300,29920355,Posted: 14 February,all,gpaubas,"Too much repetitive. 3 euros is a good price, no more."
76561198053926242,Recommended,290300,29957245,Posted: 15 February,all,Chibahawk,Good Game
76561198079330275,Recommended,290300,18690043,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,jacobellinger,"It's my fave game on steam. If you like Navy style ship battles in space with braudside guns and smaller anti fighter guns for killing what is basically gun boats. The game has rockets,lasors,even malee items for ramming other ships.Endless missions, good story so far and I am not even half way through the game at 30+ hours which is allready ten more hours than how long it took me to beat a Triple-A title like Mad Max and yet cost 40 dollars less.  money very well spent."
76561197993288786,Recommended,290300,31979468,Posted: 26 May,all,Invest,Really cool space game that's not as boring as EVE Online or Elite Dangerous. I enjoy it side by side with Everspace while Rebel Galaxy is more like traditional space trading-hunting-mining game.
76561198103098133,Recommended,290300,31329499,Posted: 23 April,all,BlastedB1800,Very fun game:D
,Recommended,290300,18608098,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,CrispyBacon,What? You're reading reviews?!?! BUY THE GAME!
76561197982423170,Recommended,290300,34878139,Posted: 11 September,all,Ellex,"Awesome game, left me wanting more...from the game and the Devs."
,Recommended,290300,34821588,Posted: 8 September,all,binary,Music...atmosphere...grafics...NICE game
,Recommended,290300,33367161,Posted: 8 July,all,Ldois,"You're basically ♥♥♥♥ing Han Solo and if you don't think that that's the tightest♥♥♥♥♥♥ever, you can go ahead and ♥♥♥♥ off."
,Recommended,290300,25607231,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Dreadiel,"Excellent sci-fi game. I recommend a Gamepad to play it, but it also can be correctly played with a mouse/Keyboard/Joystick."
76561198036757307,Recommended,290300,25650646,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Basic,"Great game, hope they make more."
,Recommended,290300,25236574,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Stranger Warkri,"It took a lot from freelancer but with better graphics... buuutttt... only on a 2-d plane. At first I hated that, then I was ok with it when I realized this is basically Black Flag Jackdaw style battles but in space. Everything is kinda meh, but it's fun enough that I keep playing it.If you are looking for a super in-depth space sim, the X series is where it's at (not so much rebirth even though they fixed it up and it isn't garbage anymore... launch was a disaster). If you are looking for some fun shooting at pirates with broadside  capital ship cannons, this is a good casual space game."
76561198060187074,Recommended,290300,35070970,Posted: 19 September,all,gregoroque,I put in my own soundtrack (idea from Metalcanyon letsplay) and I loved every second of the battles and ship upgrading. The only bad thing about the story was that it had to end.
,Recommended,290300,18672842,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Xhal,"Very good and fun game.Very nice graphics for an indie game.Combat is fun and very active.Plays well with controller, haven't tried kb/mouse yet.Story isn't that great so far but the game is mostly about the sandbox and go wherever you want do what you want."
76561198105896035,Recommended,290300,34892187,Posted: 11 September,all,Unflinching Anthropophobic,I like the open-world design and the ability to change and upgrade your ship in different ways. the sound effects and graphics. It's a challenging game and there is plenty to do and different choices to be made.
76561198014784231,Recommended,290300,19565032,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,warmandan2006,"i have to say a very cool game its an RPG maybe like you  gear out your ship not really sure if there like a main quest but it is fun i liked the ship flying but, kinda hopeing for more epic ships or something but i like it not bad."
76561197976259471,Recommended,290300,23330729,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,AZSLIMJIM,"Only just starting, but that game so far is super catchy. Had to take a break from overwatch to play this and witcher 3. The music is really sweet and fits the whole adventure theme of the game. My first battle outside of the tutorial I got stomped though fighting 3 ships which was kind of annoying although I did escape wihtout dying by some miracle and warping to tthe awesome sountrack. Combat is broadside style in the spirit of AC:3/4 and is quite fun. Looking forward to really diving in but didnt want people to miss the 50% off sale. Refunded SPAZ 2 for this lol"
,Recommended,290300,24032459,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Mousline Bachelot,Freelancer legacy with 3D graphics and 2D movements and btw best OST ever
76561198005408622,Recommended,290300,18594293,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Amanbris,"After two hours, first impressions are everything and this is very polished for an Indie... In my opinion this is the closest, so far, to Privateer. Bearing in mind I have just started to play it, not very far through but so far it's blowing my mind. What set's it apart from the X games , and what i missed most about privateer, is the whole landing on the station/planet interacting with the bar/shipdealer etc. Combat is pretty fun , the sound track is brilliant, it fits the game so well.I would say if you like Privateer, get this, if you liked the X games with the intense trading and diplomacy etc, might be a little too simplified for you. All in all, for the price this is a bargain. Hope these guys do a squel or similar and spend a bit more cash because this has so much potential.The only thing that may be a downside, is that space is not a 2D landscape, except in this game. Minor gripe , and I can see why the did it with respect to the combat style of the game. Love the whole broadside thing, like oldschool naval ships giving it to each other. Graphics are good without blowing your mind (on ultra), sound is pretty good.Did I mention it was the closest to Privateer that i had played in a long time.... Loved that damn game...."
76561197970652390,Recommended,290300,18756192,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,David S. Pimpkins,"Rated as a buy because, imo, I got enough out of it to justify the cost.That said I uninstalled halfway through the game. Your milage may vary but I had reached the point of feeling no incencetive to contine grinding.The PositivesSound, visuals, and play are all solid.The Neutral""Ship of the Line"" playstyle. As stated elsewhere you, and other dominate craft, are restricted to the X axis. Everything except small fighters are built around this orientation. I wasn't bothered by it on the whole but there are moments when the limitation can be frustrating.The NegativesWhile not everyone will find this a negative Rebel Galaxy is, at its core, a power creep grinder. The process is as follows --- complete requested or accepted jobs in the flavor of bounties, transport, or escort >>> Get paid >>> Buy a new ship and or uprade the current ship systems in .X version increments of essentially the same type >>> Jump from system to system facing simiarly and incresingly upgraded ships >>>  Spend the time inbetween traveling from and to all these various points. Rinse and repeat /// The rest of the content, including trading, factions, and story, are very thin."
76561198053498107,Recommended,290300,19775218,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,pablokster,This game absolutely should be multi-player! I would love to see some DLC's coming to this!
,Recommended,290300,32528558,Posted: 17 June,all,Omae Wa Mou Shindeiru,Came here for the soundtrack.10/10.
,Recommended,290300,18745790,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Poprin,"If you like the idea of EVE / Elite:Dangerous but tried playing both and thought... I can't be arsed. Then play this instead.Basically it's like an Indie Freelancer, this would be the closest game you could compare it to. Yes it is not a 'space simulator' but what it does give you is turrets that you can just give targeting orders to... which i think is awesome and a suedo tactical battle if you use the scan function to effectively pause the game and think out a strategy. I have played this game for several hours and have many more hours of gameplay left. Mining is... well mining but it has been done quite well. Battles are fun but it is a bit of a 'I have bigger guns and better shields' fight more than anything. Trading actually works!Basically if you enjoyed Freelancer buy this, if you are drawn to 'Elite' type games but ultimately you've tried things like X, Elite:D and EVE and just couldn't be bothered with the time investment and complication then buy this. If you like to wear a long brown jacket and insist that your girlfriend calls you Mal... buy this.I personally would just plain recommend you buy this!9/10 - Could be more variation with stations and objects. Music is great but repetitive. Wish I could have a fleet not just one ship."
,Recommended,290300,18658801,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,BlueTycronus,"The atmosphere this game delivers is amazing.  The Music is a BIG plus.  It makes me feel like I am in a pseudo-firefly universe.  Game play is simplistic enough.  Space battles and navigation is very 2D, but done so in a manner where the game still feels expansive."
76561197971039937,Recommended,290300,21279319,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,kbennett_thetoad,"Having played so many of this type of game over the years. I whole hearted recommend it for many reasons, It exciting, enjoyable, not to difficult. More on the arcade side, with some lively and different music. [ been compared to Firefly]What I think is really neat it the provision in launcher to use your own music in different situation during game, Had great time editing music clips to fit my more dramatic flare. 9/10"
76561198070779354,Recommended,290300,21222979,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Toaster_Assassin,western style spaceship game? hell yes. And its done right. do recommend playing with a controller though
76561197966203934,Recommended,290300,23316038,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,[b00n] §³{(- -)}Punisher{(- -)}§,"wow Finaly i found a Space Trading game with great Action, i love to fly from station to station check prices buy low  and sell High, great Events makes it even more awesome. so far 9/10 ( with skill system like Voide expanse would it be 10/10)write more after 100h+"
76561197973082193,Recommended,290300,19453495,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Mordhaus,"Got this game after being disappointed with the perma alpha star citizen and the buggy elite dangerous. I figured it was just going to be a fun waste of time. 40+ hours later, it has consumed my life. This is a mix of the greatest parts of Privateer, Freelancer, and even Firefly. I was sad to complete the last story mission, but the rest of the galaxy is still available and the random missions are still fun.I hope that they release some more content, even if it is just new ships, as I would buy it in a heartbeat."
76561198004689400,Recommended,290300,22528344,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Mackay Warrior,"""I'm a cowboy! On a steel ship I fly! I'm Wanted, WANTED, Dead or alive."" - Me everytime I start this game.Seriously, if you like the idea of doing what you want with your own ship in space then this is the game for you. Graphics look great. The story is cool but most the fun comes from modding out your own ship to fit your play style. I've seen people who like to snipe with their ship, people who like to get up close and personal, and everything inbetween.The game does get a little repetitive at times and I do feel like I am grinding missions just to get the money to make my ship great but with a soundtrack like this who cares? The soundtrack has a rock/blues/country/ feel to it and really fits the game. If that isn't your style you can always port your own music in and play to the beat of your own drum.The character models are reused often and if that's what it takes for this small developement team to make a great game then I am perfectly fine with it."
76561198055327785,Recommended,290300,25208455,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,bperegoy,Been on Steam a few years now and never review anything. This game is a great one at least a 15/10. Out shines No Man's Sky by a mile. Highly recommend it.
76561198026732778,Recommended,290300,20592192,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Captain Redbeard,Loved the show firefly.
76561198113354508,Recommended,290300,20291181,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Big Yonsan,"I give it a cautious thumbs up. If you enjoyed the naval combat in Assasin's Creed: Black Flag, get ready for that exact same experience except with better music and laser beams.Pro's:Excellent soundtrack and if you get tired of it, the game makes it really easy to swap in your own at start up.Combat is simple, but can be challenging at times depending what sort of mess you fly into.The ship design is interesting and the different weight classes make each class pilot differently enough to keep them distinct. That said, it'd be nice to have a few more ships to choose from or mod support so we can make our own.Con's:Eventually the whole game gets repetitive. The music repeats after a bit, the systems start to look the same with the only real difference being the color of the core and the enemies are more or less interchangeable as far as faction goes.Characters are forgettable and the story won't suck you in, but for $20 bucks you knew there was going to be a trade off and the narrative is it.If you can't wait to play Star Citizen and Elite:Dangerous seems to complicated and in depth or requires too much patience, than this might be your cup of tea. You could do worse for $20 dollars (20 tacos at taco bell?). If you catch it on sale for $10 or less, I'd say go for it without reservation, at full price you might want to ask yourself what else that $20 could buy you.If the game ever gets mod support then buy it without hesitation and see what kind of hijinks you can get up to."
76561197971170394,Recommended,290300,18657106,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Konrad,Like space stuff? Like the ship stuff in Assassin's Creed: Black Flag? Like Firefly?This is a game for you.
,Recommended,290300,18657521,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,iamsepope,Bought this game without thinkingFlying around blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥upgeez this game is EEEEEEZZZZZSuddenly drop out of warp♥♥♥♥ING pirates!!!OH♥♥♥♥♥♥THEY ARE MANYOH♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 would blow up again
,Not Recommended,290300,18670110,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,PCS,"A game without any need for a player. You make no decisions- just follow a waypoint indicator to the next mission. You don't aim, your weapons autoaim and some of them autofire. There is no terrain, occassional asteroids dot the map but they don't effect combat much. Every set of enemies feels identical - there is no variety whatsoever. The game is played strictly on a 2d plane. The only tactic I ever had to use was kite enemies from long range if I was overwhelmed (which was very rare).  Weapon variety is low and upgrade progression is linear.The music quickly becomes dull, mostly twangy country music. Not a lot of variety.The graphics are nice and ships show damage decalls when hit. There is a big variety in ship size and appearance. It would be nice if a ship 10 times my own ship's size was intimidating at all I guess.Perhaps most telling is the components present in the game. There's a lot of opportunity here, perhaps there could be a part that doubles your speed and halves your shields. Instead all of them give marginal benefits to your ship (like a 10% increase in turning speed). These components are all expensive, requiring more than a dozen missions of farming to get.The entire game is a grind with no need for a player. Why couldn't you find something for me to do Rebel Galaxy?"
76561198004550959,Not Recommended,290300,18674139,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,The Doctor,"Pretty game, and reasonably priced.Sadly Its rather shallow and gets old very quickly"
,Not Recommended,290300,18667300,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Mushin0,Main story takes about 5-6 hours. The rest of the sandbox isn't fun. Too much running into things while flying around. I swear half the game I spent crashing into things.
,Not Recommended,290300,24547149,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Svlad Cjelli,"The lack of autosave after completing missions makes playing this game tedious and obnoxious. There's no way to run a string of missions and save in between each finished mission. You either have to dock at a space station, which could be very far away, or you have to exit and then restart the game.Why this game saves on exit but allows absolutely no other means to manually save this game is beyond me.Do yourself a favor and play a different game that won't constantly rollback all of your progress."
76561198090848975,Not Recommended,290300,18644790,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,pigpie,"Was really excited about this, and feel a tad let down. At it's heart is an ok game. Just...  ok. A few good moments strung together with lots of crappy travelling around (I would love to hear the designer's view as to why asteroid fields stop warp speed.... seriously. It sucks). Samey missions, more travelling, and more than a few ropey balancing issues (you often get whacked as the step ups between enemy levelling is steep. It's not a big deal.. it just means, yup.. more travelling.).  Overall, it's not the new sliced bread, or Freelancer or Elite, or.. You know, actually, it's just a ok-ish game. One to pick up in the sales."
76561197973051663,Not Recommended,290300,19301341,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Popcorn Colonel,"First game in 11 years on Steam that I've requested a refund.Contrary to what you may read from the starry-eyed youngsters spamming out blue thumbs, this is not a scion of Privateer.  This is a fourth generation knock-off of Privateer designed for the ADD crowd.  The combat is simplistic, mindless, and confusing.  The map scale is tiny.  The... well, if you loved Privateer, you know where I'm headed here.On the bright side, the developers do understand something that most designers of modern free-form space combat/trading games often miss entirely:  Privateer was a huge success because of its atmosphere and ""you are there"" feeling.  They nailed that part.  Too bad the rest of it sucks skunk sacs.Rather than spend cash on this thing, just give it to Chris Roberts to work on his latest game.  You'll get a far better return on your investment"
,Not Recommended,290300,18647190,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Dan Tae,"Naval style combat is good and fun, and it works... if you have a top down view. Unfortunately with Rebel Galaxy it's not a top down view and you can't ever seen where you are aiming or where the enemy ship is. So you never get a hit, you always miss. And by the time you realise you wasted money buying this game, your ship isn't a ship anymore, it's space debris. So fun! Not. Simple design mechanics are overlooked by the developer of this game. They clearly didn't test the game before they went into it and are trying to break even before anyone who doesn't own the game yet realises it's too hard to succeed for a casual game to be fun."
76561197972761065,Not Recommended,290300,18712605,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Sevus,"It's pretty and has this neat ""firefly""-feel to it, but it falls short on a number of points. There are alot of other games you can get for 20€. Any prospective buyers should know the following:- While the combat is cool and all at first, there's no variety whatsoever and not alot of maneuvering going on.- The same tracks play over and over again which gets stale real quick.- The missions and side-content in the game is very repetetive and soon just feels like a grind.- The story is not a redeeming quality."
76561197985778703,Not Recommended,290300,18672305,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Lamb Chop,"Verry Pretty, Glorious FX which gets old real quick.No depth to tactics, gameplay.Obviously intended for consoles."
76561198033850740,Not Recommended,290300,18689348,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,SolaRpwR,It just isnt that good. It looks nice and doesnt make any crazy claims. I got really bored with it. This is coming from an alpha backer of elite dangerous. Buy that instead.
,Not Recommended,290300,28632703,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Reelacks,"The controls respond very awkard with my logitech xbox style controller.  I got stuck in free look with one button and move with another and couldn't re-center the camera, when earlier i wasn't in that mode.  The d-pad wouldn't respond to change in and out of broadside.  Otherwise the combat is awkward if and when you can switch modes from front guns to broadside mode.  Even with ""tutorials"", the game doesn't play nearly as intuitively as similar games like Starpoint Gemini.  The graphics are decent and the station repair/upgrade/bar gossip places are fine.  All in all avoid this game unless you don't mind fighting the controls."
76561198300166834,Not Recommended,290300,25812729,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,AtlasNZ,"Repetitive and boring, i wouldn't recommend this game... Im glad i got it on half price"
76561198014843363,Not Recommended,290300,18686536,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,secondim,"Not a bad game per se.. just not my cup of tea and thus no recommendation from me.pro: need more space games- nice ship design- good atmosphere- graphics are okay- great soundtrack- good voice actingcon: console game trough and trough, UI is TV screen optimised from which follows:- use of a gamepad is encouraged- no alternate PC UI- list menues and big fonts make my eyes hurt and navigation tedious- boring inventory, outfitting a ship is just ticking an item on and off- bad ship viewer, can't really view a ship freely unless outside a space station, limited rotation and zooming in on ships before buyingneu:- gameplay feels too arcade to me"
76561197994266414,Not Recommended,290300,18684154,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,mashzapotato,"There is one part of this game that is so frustrating it forces me to not reccommend it. The escort quests. Their randomized nature means that your route can, and occasionally will lead through the thickest part of an asteroid field or a massive battlefield of dreadnaughts. What was supposed to be a simple mission can become insanely difficult or mind-numbingly tedious as you have to slaughter your way through monsters or slowly atomize mountains. Ugh."
76561198001755913,Recommended,290300,18586982,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,mmcmor1,"Freelancer with capital ships.  Excited to see how much there is to explore!Pros:Lots of freedomSoundtrack is amazing!Easy controls, great UIVery prettyCons:I had to stop playing to let you know just how much I'm loving it.Edit: See a lot of negative reviews regarding the soundtrack getting repetitive. On the setup window you can set directories for your own music and even break it up into idle, combat, travel etc. They also have the option to mix the original soundtrack in with your own music.Also seeing negative for limited ships. I've seen at lease 20. There are special rep ships and different ships in higher level zones so there seems to be plenty of variation there.I will say that the side missions are starting to get a bit grindy. There are about 12-15 different variations sometimes with a bit of extra flavor like ""Destroy damaged pirate frigate, reports say port broadside batteries are down"""
76561197995653427,Not Recommended,290300,18797580,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,icebeat,"After 8 hours of repetitives missions, the autosave decided to save just in middle of a battle again the militia, so now i must start a new game. A wasted of time."
76561197986455590,Not Recommended,290300,18793405,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,0x90,The first hour or so is fun. Then it just keeps repeating. I was hungry for a space game. But this wasn't it. Great soundtrack though.
76561197970625568,Recommended,290300,23844904,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Codd,It's good.
76561197962021479,Recommended,290300,18589100,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Mr Snugglesworth,Loving it!
76561198001648398,Recommended,290300,30638679,Posted: 20 March,all,S73nd4rr,"It's a fun game with great music, but I wish it had some form of multiplayer."
76561198054199843,Not Recommended,290300,29464080,Posted: 24 January,all,n1nsun,"Space grinding simulator 2015.The start is great:- awesome music (best music in a game ever)- good atmosphere- nice graphicsThen you realize that to get forward you have to mine, trade or (this is most efficient) kill random NPCs from missions. After about two hours of grinding and failing the next career mission whatsoever I quit and never touched this game again. I think I've seen everything there is into this game anyways."
76561198042608612,Recommended,290300,26542294,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,🤔Amaxites🤔,why can i write a review on this game
76561198072548410,Not Recommended,290300,19066886,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,McLettuce,"Maybe I'm missing something, but it's a terrible game, don't get it, it's♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198180985622,Recommended,290300,25830147,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,kch_pl,It's beautiful and interesting game. I've just started to play and this way I have some troubles about gameplay. But I hope all troubles are temporary.
76561197991590912,Not Recommended,290300,18782437,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Ferfax,"I got this game then asked for a refund, While the game was beautiful and I did enjoy it, however the combat system was so boring and shallow."
76561197960542724,Not Recommended,290300,18731051,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Willy Green,A space game with no up or down and auto targeting.
,Recommended,290300,18587791,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,teabagjohn,"Pretty cool so far. You can buy tons of upgrades for your ship, combat looks badass and the soundtrack is absolute beast. 30 minutes is by far not enough to write a review but the first impression is great.Also, this game is made by only 2 people."
76561197970482511,Not Recommended,290300,18796997,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Guntz,Controls are very clunky and seem dated
,Recommended,290300,18626798,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Primeh,Firefly Simulator 10/10Amazing soundtrack!
,Recommended,290300,31031168,Posted: 8 April,all,Gaymer23,Best Spaceship Fighting Game in a fun open world galaxy.
76561197973103697,Not Recommended,290300,18670856,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,themanwithsauce,"Bought the game based on good reviews. Had to refund it as the game does not scale down too well, graphically. Had some serious stability issues on my GTX 570M and even with all the graphics turned down quite low (and yes, making sure I was in DX9 mode), the game still chugged hard. What gameplayI did see wasn't ""bad"" but it wasn't nearly interesting enough.I reinstalled freelancer and am much happier with this decision. If you aren't running some high grade GPU, skip it."
76561198006759984,Not Recommended,290300,19914632,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Olleus,"So I've had this game for a couple of days and have a dozen hours on it or so and my overal impression is 'meh' with a side of 'boring'.I found the start of the game very infuriating, the controls didn't work on a laptop (although they were fine when I reconfigured them). But combat is still a pain, many of the actions you can perform while flying demand the camera to be facing a certain direction and you can't steer you're ship while simultaneously aiming a broadside. But that's kind of OK, it just means that the game is aimed at beginers of this genre. It does do somethings well, like having shields and armour go down on different parts of the ship independently. Would be nice if they could also be upgraded independently.Which brings me to my biggest gripe about the game. Upgrading your ship is dull. You have only a handful of options per part, which then go from Mk1 to Mk2 to Mk3, etc... Doesn't feel like an accomplishment to have my top speed under boost increase by 10%. Add to that that every battle feels the same (unless there are some unseen possible tactics I haven't come across) and the world is bland.Basically, when ever I played this game only one thought crossed my mind ""Why am I not playing X3: Terran Conflict ?"". It's not a perfect game by far, but it has all the depth that Rebel Galaxy lacks. It's not that it's a bad game, it just isn't interesting enough for me to make it fun. Perhaps the plot could have rescued it, but after 10h it is also boring and repetitive"
,Not Recommended,290300,18777178,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Questionable,"The vast majority of reviews are quite decieving for this game, in that they paint a picture for this game that makes it seem like more than it really is.The 2D naval combat and the camera that's way too close makes the game feel extremely small and claustrophobic and makes combat a nuisance at best, and on top of the terrible camera, the heavy amounts of aim assist make it very dull, tracking your shots hardly matters since your shots effectively home in on the target so long as you're in range and have charged your broadside shots and the turrets are literally an autolock and fire themselves when you're in broadside mode.The controls and functionality are very off-putting as well, this game was very obviously made for consoles and wasn't properly ported to PC, there are no options in game, only a settings launcher that pops up before you enter the game so if you want to change anything at all you have to restart the game before you can. Keyboard and mouse controls feel pretty slip and slide too.Finally there's all the comparisons to Freelancer I want to put to bed.I played Freelancer for hours, probably hundreds of hours, I absolutely ADORED Freelancer, it was the ideal space sim for a plebian like me, nice and simple and really pretty while still feeling like it's in space.This however is no Freelancer.The combat is way too basic, the movement is way too restricted, the world is far too claustrophobic. Everythings packed and squeezed into this tiny 2D space where the concept of up and down are alien to the player character.Sorry Freelancer fans, you're gonna have to keep going without.Overall this game's pretty naff.It should have been a Naval game."
,Not Recommended,290300,23404089,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,TICKETS,late game is like pulling teeth because of lazy gameplay mechanics.  gameplay never evolves beyond what you experience in the first ten minutes.  great job with the missile spam guys.
76561198030615271,Recommended,290300,32024531,Posted: 28 May,all,James,"what can i say, some people says they dont like it. well, those people are the ones that dont like anything. the game is fun, you have to work your way up the ladder to get newer toys, just like any given game, only this one is more fun, you choose what ship you want, based on the money you can make, and there is more than one way to make the money. its like a hach and slach gone wild in space. also you dont aways have to be the good guy too, you can choose to be a mean person if you like ;)   also note, the music is a big reason to get the game. its like the movie ""Serenity"" in play style. get it, you will love it. but, dont get it if you dont like anything!"
76561198007536649,Not Recommended,290300,22035834,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Zirk,Overrated. Shallow.
76561198142538476,Not Recommended,290300,29879631,Posted: 12 February,all,Retro_Games,"Even biying this game at discount price, I cannot see the reason for this game. Can you get a refund because the gameplay is terrible?Your vessel is limited to movement in 2D, howeer, your cnnonn fire, your enemies and otherr objects occupy a 3D space. This might not be so bad except the camera is extremely poor and seems to mostly cater for your 2D plane.Also, what the heck is this broadside nonesene? It might make sense in open space, but getting attacked in an asteroid belt, trying to use broad sides seems to involve crashing into obstacles. Stupid!Talking of being attacked, warping to low risk missions at the start seems to often involve running into enemies far superior to yourself. If you cannot escape, you are screwed. This is even more annoying when you have just completed a crappy mission.Talking of crappy missions, they are mostly that, crappy. Fly to point A, destroy stuff, job done. In the beginning, there seems to be very little variety to these missions. Maybe the odd colletion job, more yawn...All the positive reviews seem to come from players whi have played this a number of hours, while the opposite seems true for the negative ones? Is it the intro \ early game which is so poor? I will try to give it some more time."
76561198052268846,Recommended,290300,34284481,Posted: 16 August,all,BIGGPHILLIE,Fantastic game! Assasins Creed Black Flag meets EVE!
,Recommended,290300,18631984,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,DeadlyDanDaMan,Fantastic Freelancer clone!! Truly a 10/10 gem!!
76561198075721624,Recommended,290300,25779151,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,PyRoX,Good 4x game. Great musicEasier and faster to finish than most 4x but It's not a bad thing.
,Recommended,290300,22853379,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,NordicApache,"Story was fun, gameplay was fun and soundtrack was awesome! I only wish for more!"
76561198156495661,Not Recommended,290300,23561504,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,hujati,Any chance I can get my money back! Before I had even a rudimentary grasp of the controls I was thrust into a way too intense space battle. It is my intention to find fun and enjoyment in my game-play. This was definitely neither of those things!
76561198038857629,Recommended,290300,18709080,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,pirminis,"For now the game is extremely great. However... no support for Scuf 4PS controller is frustrating. Other games on steam support it, so it's game's problem :)"
,Recommended,290300,20736543,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Cookie,Like Freelancer and World of Warships had a baby in space.
76561198019271689,Not Recommended,290300,20753372,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Callin,"Pointless game. The controls are mystifyingly difficult to use. There is no obvious purpose to the game. It seems like someone wanted to mix a space arcade game, with a sandbox game and a story-driven RPG. This game manages to hit no good notes on any of these fronts, and the space arcade part is extraordinarily terrible to boot. Skip it and save your money."
,Recommended,290300,23315032,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Eduardo,"Good, fun game. Best soundtrack ever ."
,Recommended,290300,18663759,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Have it your way,Yes
76561198027626890,Not Recommended,290300,19369374,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Joe Momma,"Flew halfway across the galaxy.Fought four different battles.Found some loot.Then this piece of junk crashes and wipes my progress all the way back to the last space station.Thankyouverymuch, take your pseudo-rougelike system and shove it.And yes I know you can force a save by exiting to main menu. So if it IS possible to force a save, why not just add an option to save on demand? Either have the cajones to have a real rougelike system that does not allow forcing a save in any way, shape or form, or don't waste my time.Until the save system is fixed, this game is worth maybe $0.99 at most."
76561198012288221,Not Recommended,290300,19317695,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Czunik,"Dumbed down into 2d !? Thanks, but no thanks."
76561198030336925,Not Recommended,290300,20617320,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Flashand,"This is about a 3 min game, it takes longer to beat it but you will in truth think it is crap very -10.Good 3d gfx but you play in 2d on a plane... not the best i think its truthfully not even worth the publishing ,.."
,Recommended,290300,24079932,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,The NJ Yama,"Probably the closest thing to a Firefly game we'll probably get. One of the most remarkable things is how much freedom you have. Wanna be a roaming lawbringer helping traders and the local Militia? You can do that. Wanna be a smuggler sneaking contraband under the nose of the local authorities. Go right ahead! Hell, do you wanna make money shrewdly analyzing market prices system wide and raking in the profit. Then take it its yours! Granted you will sometimes run across enemies that can spank you from here to the end of the galaxy and have to run and to be honest I'm just fine with that. It makes you feel like you're really part of this larger galaxy, you're not the end all be all, just another spacer wandering the galaxy. See you later space cowboy.P.S- That soundtrack is baller as hell."
76561198222794608,Not Recommended,290300,22635060,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,bdistorted,"I am searching for a space exploration game with story and hart. this is not it.First of it does not launch from Steam, had to find the app on the computer, the game starts but loads within a window, no way to enter full screen.I would compare this to VoidExpanse with better graphics and worse controls. Same level of story and interesting characters, that is to say not so much.How do I jettison cargo, how do I buy mining equipment? I have no idea. The interface just seems clunky and difficult.Nice graphics does not do it for me, their has to be a compelling reason for being in this universe, worlds to explore, alien encounters, technology to mess around with. I’m not seeing it.When I’m fighting I do not feel in control of what is happening, all I see is sparkly lights. Sometimes I win easily and sometimes I loos within minutes, I have no idea why.I’ve played Escape Velocity 1996 and Escape Velocity Nova 2002 and I had more fun with that then this, because it had a OK story. 20 years later we have the bare bones of a story in Rebel Galaxy and no reason for me to continue playing."
76561197974085672,Recommended,290300,23216441,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,coury,Awesome space cowboy type of game. Some elements can be repetitive but overall extremely satisfying.
76561198004951053,Recommended,290300,18588440,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Incrysiz,"First impressions are very positive. This is not a game like ELITE or any other simulation space game. Its not 3D, its arcadey and fun. Combat is pretty good so far, i need to dive more into the missions to udpate about it. But so far its been fun, remember its not a simulation game."
76561198034931112,Recommended,290300,18632414,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,OnePercent,had sex with antimatter 10/10
,Recommended,290300,28700344,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Local McWarlord,Han Solo Simulator 2015. GOTYAY.
76561198057774366,Not Recommended,290300,21117558,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,zhouxsilenthill,"hm... actually this game is great. BUT I really hate the ship designer. Most of the ships are small head, big A-S-S! UGLY looking!!! You feel very bad when you drive such ugly ship in the space..."
,Not Recommended,290300,23491672,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,](4M][,"Played very little, coldn't even beat first mission. I dont seem to be doing any damage to anything, the ""tutorial"" was the worst introduction to any game ive ever played, seriously there might as well not of been one."
76561197985869162,Recommended,290300,19538856,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,JokerSF,"Summary: Buy it, it's worth it.Everyone else has pretty much covered all the great things about this game.I'll just reiterate:- This is a $19 game that plays like a AAA game.- Not a single bug so far in 20 hours of game play- If you like space games and firefly then you'll love this.Now, stop thinking about it and just buy it.  You won't regret it."
76561198006791518,Not Recommended,290300,28349880,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Sethington Wifflebottom,looks neat but is too frustrating to play
76561197994118282,Not Recommended,290300,23380411,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,bumblebee766,"Does not start on Mac OS Mavericks. Many people who do not want to upgrade to Mac OS ElCapitan for valid reasons have reported about this problem since early October 2015 and until now, 8 months later, this is not fixed. There are some hacks in some forums that helped some people but not all of them (including me). This is really bad service, as the problem seems to be quite simple to fix from the producers' side (make their launcher start in full screen without using the most fancy ElCapitan methods to do so). It is just about the launcher, not the game itself. This should be a simple task. However, without the launcher to set the game options, the game itself starts only in not-playable configuration. A catch-22 for the end user who has paid money for playing it. So, thumbs down from my side."
76561197997147240,Recommended,290300,18914763,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Anelyn,Best space swashbuckling space combat adventure explore pirate what have you the possibilities are endless just like the game replay value!
76561198025154545,Not Recommended,290300,18956784,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,eldernerd314,"Mouse controls are extremely finnicky.  Sometimes mouse is hyper-responsive, sometimes it won't move no matter what.  This makes combat almost impossible.Sometimes your ship gets damaged in deep space for no reason.Economics is poorly designed.  All stations buy and sell commodities for ""below system average"", so you can't make any money on trade.4/10.  Music gets repetitive.  Good visuals.  Poor gameplay.   Poor controls."
76561198028659394,Recommended,290300,18716481,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,[TAW] Nate Mc Bow,"I am actually surprised that a low buget game like Rebel Galaxy can have so much content in one go. Trading, Pirating, Distress calls, Even random events that affect the local markets or station access. The world is yours to toy with but you still need to pay attention to what is going on. You dont want to slam straight into a space station where there is a invasion going down. (Unless you are planning on clearing it up of course)The combat is different that in other space oriented games. As you are flying Capital grade ships you cant fly UP or DOWN. Sounds bad but hang on. Fact is you dont need to. With some work your ship becomes a flying fortress. With plasma !BROADSIDES! and enough turrets on it to wipe out a fleet.As for valuing defense and offence its your call. Personally i like being up close so i took some fast acting cannons for close quarters. More damage, less range. The game is FULL of tradeoffs when it comes to arnament. So you need to pick your method carefully.Personally i HIGHLY recommend this game to any game progression enthusiasts with a limited budget. The game is cheap, VERY long if you want to play all the way, and there are enough tactics and explosions around for a great experience.10 out of 10 in my book."
,Recommended,290300,22274443,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Rorschach,"This game had the combat from Sid Meyer's Pirates (in space) combined with a great ship upgrading mechanic. The story never really interested me, but it never got in the way of enjoying the game. I sunk countless hours into this game and would recomend anyone else to do the same."
76561198016025867,Recommended,290300,23317661,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,SpetS,"Space and Lazorz and Explosions!Simple, Arcade space game! Fun!"
76561197973629530,Not Recommended,290300,30510032,Posted: 14 March,all,Nukem01,"The game has the feel of Privateer but is in 2D. Unfortunatlety I cannot recommend the game at this time due to bugs not fixed. When running a guild mission to deliver cargo and has a value of over 300,000 the game will not complete the run. Makes a waste of time if you cant get credit for the work you put in it."
76561198274653799,Recommended,290300,29744924,Posted: 6 February,all,Corndog Seduction,"Beautiful, engaging, and fun."
,Recommended,290300,23326591,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,mike17032,Fun broadside space combat.  Well worth the price.  And awesome soundtrack.Reminds me a lot of the old Escape Velocity games with how your progress.
76561197979933189,Recommended,290300,23327100,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Nexis,"This is as close to the feel of Freelancer, that I have found, out of all the space game in the last decade. I had a really fun time with Rebel Galaxy. I just wish they would create more content for the game"
,Not Recommended,290300,28387635,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,BradentonSlick,"I really wanted to like Rebel Galaxy. Being a Space trader? Check. Decent graphics? Check. Mostly voiced characters? Surprise Check. And there seems to be a pretty good game in there. BUT...I was not able to play the game due to the clunky ""Broadside""/action sequences. I would have liked an option to turn on an A.I. ""Gun crew"" to handle all combat as an RPG player. Even the Broadside. As it turned out, after I bought Rebel Galaxy, Steam had a ""similar game"" recommendation at the bottom.  It is a free game that was more of what I was looking for playstyle-wise. So now I play that and Rebel Galaxy sits untouched. I rate it 2 stars out of five for potential I was not able to tap."
76561197965351205,Not Recommended,290300,20634958,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Triptrippen,"Freelancer singleplayer beta.. really this game just feels like a crappy singleplayer-only version of freelancer... all the items are terribly balanced, difficulty is way too easy all around. The combat isn't skillful at all, everything is auto-aimed it feels like a screensaver a lot of the time.Music is great tho."
,Not Recommended,290300,23376801,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,D4nc1n9M00nL19h7,2D 게임이였어! orz
,Not Recommended,290300,18654291,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Stenohaline [i am four eels],"Mixed feelings about this one.As a mouse-and-keyboard PC gamer, the consolification of the interface and ship combat feels awful. The zoom is weird, the interface manipulation is weird, all the usual problems you'd expect on the interface of a console port.On the other hand, the game evokes strong memories of Freelancer and even Freespace (god those beam weapons are gorgeous). It remains to be seen if the latter can overpower the former for me, and it also remains to be seen whether the game's interface will ever be de-consolified for the proper PC interface. As it stands right now, I just can't overlook the way the game handles."
76561198040994465,Not Recommended,290300,18678510,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,bearwilson,"Forces you to only have one save file which is deleted when the game crashes. 22 hours in and i have nothing to show for it. Terrible save game system, cant understand why they force you to only have 1 save for your game progress. It's a long♥♥♥♥♥game that I dont recommend since you cant save your progress."
,Not Recommended,290300,18688629,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Kahmos,"Thought this was a multiplayer game, it wasn't.Shouldn't count that against it though, I did love Freelancer.I think the southern rock music is overbearing.Single player version of this genre isn't my thing."
76561198001915432,Not Recommended,290300,18680367,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Vandinroth,Lack of 3d flight was an immediate huge and resounding 'nope not gonna play it'.  It might as well be a car driving game.  Lack of 3d flight completely destroys immersion immediately.
76561198037579275,Recommended,290300,28575997,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Banana Bone,love the music loke the game. its great.
,Recommended,290300,30440826,Posted: 10 March,all,Nele_BiH,awsome game and musicdeveloper travis is awesome guy
,Recommended,290300,33820854,Posted: 26 July,all,CapnMintbeard,"This game is a blast for the price. I am fairly new to ""space simulators"" having only played a god awful Star Trek game that tried to do what Rebel Galaxy pulled off so easily. Granted the game, while in space, occurs on a 2D plane. Considering that each area consists of a solar system which are commonly arranged in disks it makes sense, plus it makes the game simpler and easier to get into which is always a plus.One of the coolest features of the game is the ability to set up your own in game music from the game launcher. This is a Godsend for YouTubers and streamers (as the copyright restricted music can easily be replaced), and a nice option for anyone who isn't into the rockabilly soundtrack.The only real criticism I have of the game is that it has a couple of annoying bugs that make certain missions unable to be completed if they have the same start and/or and point and you do them at the same time. PRO TIP: to avoid the glitches, only do one merchant's gulld mission at a time as they often have missions with overlapping locations. Sadly, as I played this in 2017 I have no hopes that the developer will ever fix them."
,Recommended,290300,18843412,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Sicute Astra,"Named my ship 'Putin For President' then i go do alot of stuff,die alot and just say to myself:'Why am i playing this game?'Then i look around in the game and say to myself:'This game is so beautiful.'What i'm trying to say is that this game looks awsome,Feels awsome and just is AWSOME."
76561198024055972,Recommended,290300,20367637,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Netmar,"i like this game alot, only thing i think its missing is multiplayer."
76561198114347004,Recommended,290300,20380406,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Crayons_Only,"Ok, here it is, this game needs multiplayer. If it had multiplayer, it would be so much more fun. Even a sandbox, no story having, simple style game with multiplayer would be epic.Buy it on sale, it's only ""kinda good"" until it gets a multiplayer."
76561198072998685,Recommended,290300,24460686,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,samuelburgess27,I download it before i want to buy and its a great game i have alot of fun with it there is lot to do
76561198101318379,Recommended,290300,24034430,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,robobat,Great game. Hours of fun and well worth the price on sale. Highly recommend for those who love space adventures.
,Recommended,290300,24063633,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Wa,Thank you NPC merchants:1. Gets mission to save a merchant 6000 sm away2. Goes and annhialates attacking craft3. Hails the merchant and sells some cargo4. Hails the merchant and forces them to give me all of their cargo5. Hails the merchant and asks for any helpful tips6. Gets helpful tips from merchantGreat game!
76561198026007011,Recommended,290300,23838852,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,joeness84,"Im 12 hours in and I cannot believe how much fun this game is.  I feel like Ive barely started (havent even left the first system, and it looks like theres about a dozen)Combat is PERFECTION, guns and missiles and lasers and cannons and flanking and shields and insanity :DSoundtrack is great, but its also built that you can build your own custom soundtrack (designating folders for Ambient / Station / Combat etc )I hope the dev considers opening up the Workshop, as this game could have a long long life with modding.  I never played the Freelancer games but Ive seen enough to know this should draw the same crowd."
76561197972511277,Recommended,290300,34785305,Posted: 6 September,all,danno02,SO FUN!!!!!
76561197979353861,Recommended,290300,20291200,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Ghostlight,"This game is everything I had hoped Elite Dangerous would be. Structurally, both games are very similar: you hop round the galaxy trading, mining, exploring, bounty-hunting and doing various missions, all the while earning credits so you can upgrade your ship and equipment. The main difference being this game removes all the tedium that ED insists you go through repeatedly and infinitely. Elite's station docking was fun for an hour or two, but after the 1000th dock, you just wish they'd just remove it...Rebel Galaxy removes this and you just insta-dock! Elite's 5 minutes with absolutely NOTHING to do while you warp to another station was never fun, and RG condenses this to a 10-30 second jump where you actually have some dodging and janking to do. Design decisions like this might make RG a more casual game than ED, but for me it also makes it 1000% more playable.This brings us to the combat. Purists will frown on Rebel Galaxy for it's 2-D implementation of space versus Elite's glorious 3D, but at the end of the day the combat is arcadey in both games, and RG's combat simply manages to be much more FUN. And certainly more epic. 30+ ship battles while you blast fighters with your short range turrets, broadside their capital ships and unleash homing missiles at everything else are far more epic than anyting Elite managed to throw my way.So my final description is that Rebel Galaxy is Elite with all the tedium removed, an actual story added, way better missions, and with considerably more fun combat. Which is what I've wanted in a space game since I racked up hundreds of hours of the original Elite on my Spectrum sometime back in the 1980s.TLDR: 8/10* this game is everything Elite Dangerous should have been* I would give this game 9/10 but for one annoying feature....you cannot view the local station map while docked. This means that you cannot easily plan the best cargo to buy or the best missions to take because you cannot see the optimum routes around the sector without seeing that local map. It's a quality of life thing that proves more frustrating than it might sound. If they fix that, this is a solid 9/10."
76561197985847263,Recommended,290300,18731448,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,[LoR] Team Triss,Sid Meier's Firefly!/10
,Not Recommended,290300,21046541,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Birdd,"Uh, it's kind of hard for me to explain...But this is a space game, you know, a vast open thing...where you can go for in insane distance up,down, left, right, forward, backwards..and still not see the end of itThis game is basically boats(wtf?) in space... you can only go forwards or backwards, there is no other direction, everything in the entire galaxy is on the exact same plane as you are, you'll never need to raise your ship higher or lower (you can't anyway)Sorry, I can't  figure out how to explain the problem, but knowing it's like this is sucking all of the immersion I want out of the game, can't reccommend."
76561197983688659,Recommended,290300,23990492,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Mr Zurkon,"Fun game, awesome concept thats been executed very well.Only issue I have with this game is the random difficulty jumps. I am still in the starting area moving between super easy quests in my little ship that im proud of. All of a sudden I get dropped out of light speed next to 3 MASSIVE ships with 10 fighters each. I die in about 30secs. I cant run away because you cant go into lightspeed with enemies around so you just get shot to pieces. The game goes back to main menu and you load in your last save which will be the last space station you visited. That could be 5mins prior or like the 5th time for me 30mins prior.There is no way to avoid these random encounters they have been happening all over the place for me. I dont mind too much its just really time consuming doing the same section over and over again."
,Recommended,290300,18630627,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,AlphaAsh,It's Freelancer reskinned with some tweaks to the gameplay and a massive Firefly/Serenity vibe. Love it. Needs a little more depth and maybe a rethink of the random lethal encounters. That ain't fun. 8/10 will definitely continue to rebel for a few more hours.
,Recommended,290300,18601045,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Icebound,"Like others have already said, I will confirm that this does have that old Freelancer vibe.The combat and aesthetics are different, but if you're a fan of the classics, this will feel refreshingly familiar."
,Recommended,290300,22192455,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,UncannyValleyForge,"Take the ship combat from Assassin's Creed 4. Put it in space. Add a Starcraft-II-esque southern rock soundtrack.Buy this game. Take a pull of Wild Turkey, straight from the bottle. Light up a cigar and go space truckin'.You will not regret it."
76561198079877201,Not Recommended,290300,23562916,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,bwleon7,"Not bad for a few hours but doing the same fetch, escort and kill all missions gets very boring after a few hours. I hope they add more mission types and more things to do."
76561198039093012,Not Recommended,290300,29638628,Posted: 1 February,all,Helt1,"Seems fun, but it is not. It is like paying a bill, but when you pay the bill, the price is doubled. No use grinding cash to change gear, because then the enemy just changes gear as well. So nothing has changed."
,Recommended,290300,18586644,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Emilia,Assassin's Creed Black Flag in SPACE!
76561198039909911,Recommended,290300,18586183,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,vitowns,OMG THIS GAME IS A BLAST!!!Spaceships are a blastMusic is a blastFactions are a blastRandomly generated worlds are a blast20 bucks for a blast is a blast
,Not Recommended,290300,23319070,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,My_Monkey_Balls,"Never asked for a refund before, and I usually avoid giving bad reviews.The game itself is not bad, I've played for one hour and realized the rpg potencial on it...But I couldn't stand the ships controls and navigation.It hurts my head to fly through space and not being able to move vertically or do a barrel roll.Worse, having your enemies flying around you, why the hell I can't do that?I understand the idea of the ship working like a vessel, maybe if the game was set up in a weird steampunk ocean world or something it would be amazing.But it's space, it should feel free and limitless. It feels clunky and awkward instead.General interface for that map is weird too, the radar, locking on targets, dodging asteroids...If you don't mind these problems, give it a go."
76561198005377419,Not Recommended,290300,33760175,Posted: 23 July,all,jandraelune,"Bad camera controls, your own ship rutinely blocks view or targets."
76561198097839842,Not Recommended,290300,23330862,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,[KRAG] Bird,Game is fun when you start playing but it get\'s old. The soundtrack is great. It\'s good if you get it on sale.
,Not Recommended,290300,23110997,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,[FiM] Shenghar,"This is a game that starts out incredible and quickly becomes repetitive and boring. The more I played it the less I enjoyed it. I was immediately pulled in with a fantastic soundtrack and interesting gameplay. However I realized very rapidly that the bit I got at the start was basically all there was. There's retrieval, protection, and shipping and those are your main mission types. You can mine for some ore to trade and you can buy low and sell high based on random events in the system you're in. It very quickly feels hollow because who cares if planet z is having problems so they need more of y item that you can buy elsewhere. None of it matters at the end, the issues resolve regardless of what you do. The main quest seems interesting enough but the quests are the same ""blow up the bads retrieve mystic object"" nonsense that the side quests are.Overall an interesting idea but not deep enough."
76561198154461789,Not Recommended,290300,32182639,Posted: 4 June,all,lalito77,"The game LOOKS great, but it's currently unplayable due to a tutorial quest glitch. You need to rendez vous with another ship. I go to the location exactly, ""pulse"" to scan for the ship, and nothing. The game keeps telling me to ""pulse"", and no one appears. I decide, since this is an open world, to ignore this quest and just go land on a planet, only to blow up because I haven't completed this initial quest, allowing me to purchase the necessary ship equipment to survive landing (or really, interacting effectively) with anything on land or in space. I restart the game. Same luck. Can't do anything about it.I'm not the first to have this issue, apparantly, but no one has a solution other than ""keep trying"". Huge disappointment."
76561198078809090,Not Recommended,290300,25698568,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,elgo139,Have to grind through repetetive random missions to have enough cash to buy ships/equipment needed to advance the story.  Gets boring quickly.
76561197985700639,Recommended,290300,25759632,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Canek,"I didn't like this game.Now, I understand it's my fault. It was done by pros, and the attention to detail shows. I won't go into details, but it's a well done game. I still didn't think it was fun.Why am I rating it up then, and keeping it in my library, when I could just refund it?The soundtrack.It is, by far, the best soundtrack I've heard on a game on a long time. This aspect alone is causing this thumb up. Go on and buy it, you might as well get bored playing, but forget about it because of the great soundtrack."
,Recommended,290300,18587871,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Zafyr,"Its pretty neat so far. Slow and a little frustrating to start, but it shows promise :>"
,Recommended,290300,23323377,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Aleon,"I\'m only posting this review because this game is on sale. So far, I love this game and intened to pour hours into it. It\'s my favorite space game I\'ve found yet. It\'s just fun to play. The combat is challenging, yet interesting, The soundtrack is great, but I wish they had added more songs with more variety. Sometimes I feel like I\'m on a five song loop. Still, a great game and more than worth the sale price. I would even recommend it for regular price. That\'s what I paid, and even though it went on sale a few days later I still feel I got plenty of game for the amount. Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoy if you buy."
76561198008679777,Not Recommended,290300,18663952,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,johnmurray36,Couldn't get it started on 2 computers.  Asked for a refund within 15 minutes.
76561197972400735,Not Recommended,290300,33366081,Posted: 8 July,all,Isamoth,"First off, if you paid more than 5 USD or the equivalent, you paid too much.TLDR:So, I'm pretty critical of Rebel Galaxy. Yeah, it's not a AAA title or a realistic space/economic/mining/fighting simulator but we knew that going in. When I compare it to even something free like Endless Sky, I find Rebel Galaxy incredibly lacking in substance and just a shell of intentions to sell a game.On to the review:This is a bare bones sailing ship simulator set in space. 2D travel and fighting, silly economics with station events (actually one of the most interactive aspects in the entire game), barbaric ship speed controls that defy exhibited ship design or a semblance to reality, and a ship and equipment selection system that is no different than putting up a security deposit on the ship and gear you want to take out for that day (buy/sale prices are the same). It's great for testing out and playing around with various ship/weapon/equipment tactics but so unrealistic it breaks immersion and lacks any sense of investment or achievement.I had zero investment in the main story arc or characters because it was too short, flat, simplistic and superficial; something a 5th grader would write ( Mr. Guild leader, don't you have anything else to say? No? Too busy? Then why am I talking to you at all?). The naming convention for celestial locations and named characters throughout were a mishmash of Star Trek, Star Wars and other IP's characters' blended names but it unfortunately came off less as nerd cred or homage and more of a lottery scheme by the lazy. Mining was a joke, Commodity pricing and market mechanics were there to make a bit more or less as you sold your battle loot.There were topical side missions you could pick up as you progressed through the main story line which was nice and surprised me every time but that had more to do with my low opinion of the game than their quality (same mission, different skin). Rebel Galaxy was also graphically nice with flashy lights and explosions. Faction variation followed distinct racial design formula and there were at least 1 or two different hulls per class of ship for each race. That said, there aren't many player flyable ships and besides allowing more weapons or components, the ships’ hard-point layout, speed or maneuverability was more flavoring or player convenience than tactical substance. The sound track was good for the first hour then I turned it off and played space exploration, Brendon Small and Dethklock tracks in the background (Thanks reddit).Playing as pirate or one of the other racial's adherent could give you a different role to play but there doesn't seem to be any change to the main story line and your relationships (will they shoot you, listen to intimidation or ignore you) will change depending mission requirements if you've joined a guild and are doing one of their missions. This means it's easy to adjust your faction reputation even in endgame. That said, the only ones who matter are the Citizenry, Militia, Red Devils and Merchant/Merc guilds. The others are just slimes to be killed."
76561197986912394,Not Recommended,290300,19405346,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,the_moidart,"4/10Seriously, just get a Scarab, keep your turrets maxed out, and outmaneuver or out gun every ship in the game. It's just as combat effective as bigger ships, and much cheaper, since you don't pay a mint to replace 10 turrets whose coverage doesnt even let them fire.Pro:ShinyQuite controllable with mouse and keyboard once you get used to itVery SimpleCon:..Excessively simpleNo replayability due to every 'randomly generated' system being the same, with the same 7 factions, ships, stationsShort campaign with no feeling of resolution or urgency due to functioning as normal combat missions, only with voiceovers.Vastly underdelivers due to excessive positive reviews here.I'd say buy this game if you really want a playable space game, but frankly, you're going to get 6 hours in and say, ""Is this IT?!"" like I did. Maybe less."
76561198091733786,Recommended,290300,33134087,Posted: 2 July,all,Ziegenficker,good game
,Recommended,290300,23324190,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Leezeebub,8/8 Would cruise on a metal space horse again
,Not Recommended,290300,29894507,Posted: 13 February,all,brontok,"""life is like a rollercoaster. It has its ups and downs, but not in rebel galaxy"""
76561197994705407,Not Recommended,290300,33685814,Posted: 20 July,all,idmadj,"Not bad, but not remarkable either. Typical space game structure (shooting/mining/trading). Not enough exploration. Scale is tiny but pacing is good. Good controls. Very grindy (Not Elite:Dangerous grindy but still grindy). No loading is great. Graphics kinda meh and not optimized for 4K."
76561198042913113,Recommended,290300,18946195,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,caidicus,"--Additional update---I just finished the main storyline. What a fantastic game!!! It's been a long time since I have played a game that hits that special spot of enjoyment that makes me just want to keep playing. I love this game...--UDATE--Having finally made it to the second system, I can say that I am absolutely pleased with this game. The next sector has bigger and better ships, weapons, and modules to fit with. I also went into the third sector and saw that the ships get even larger, with even better gear. Unfortunately, I was totally unprepared for how much herder that new system was, so I had to go back.Man! This game is awesome!I haven't played it for a very long time, but what I have played, I certainly like.The ships all feel different, the progression feels substantial, and getting new weapons and systems for each ship makes everything feel a lot more visceral.One of my favourite things about the game is that you can fit up your ship with some new gear and truly feel a difference in power, making you feel like a real space bad@ss.Certainly worth the asking price, in my books."
,Recommended,290300,18593697,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,MinionJoe,"""I aim to misbehave."" -Max Rockatansky,Cowboy BebopRebel Galaxyhas the setting ofFirefly, the vehicular combat ofMad Max, and the music ofCowboy Bebop.Unfortunately, it was overlooked by most people when it was released.  It's definitely worth taking a second look."
76561198337882593,Not Recommended,290300,35430332,Posted: 2 October,all,Angers,This games is so repetative.Basically go there and kill that. Rinse and repeat. At first loved it but got old... quickly
76561198016731092,Not Recommended,290300,29549869,Posted: 28 January,all,Gunhead,"Don't buy this game. It is simply to frustrating. It has no way to manage save games. Which is a problem when it occassionally deletes your save, or simply does not recognise the save folder anymore. And it is a lot of grinding, doing the same missions over and over again to be able to advance the story."
76561198096421953,Recommended,290300,24094329,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Rabbi Itzhak Finkleberg,This game is very fun
76561198017606298,Not Recommended,290300,22468647,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,qdalgado,"Beautiful graphics, the rest is useless. Lousy controls, no guidance on how to accomplish ANYTHING. Buy a deck of cards instead."
76561198097813158,Not Recommended,290300,20075634,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,[KRAG] Canterlot Royal Guard,"A brainless space adventure that tricks you into having fun through skillless combat, skillless economic manipulation and going on endless quests of ""Go to A to get B then go to C to get money.""Hardly a ""game"" just a sandbox experience with spacships."
76561198022150501,Not Recommended,290300,23413655,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Cavegit,"This game is ok,  but after just 57 hrs play time iv run out of things to do.  The game map is small the ship choices and weapons very few.... I'd not recommend this game as a freelancer alternative.  It was a fun 57hrs play time to max out the best ship/weapons after that the game is easy mode with little point to repeat missions and no more story line to keep one interested."
,Recommended,290300,25812559,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Sokanas,Game is FunPros- Fun and Enjoyable- Visually Interesting Interface- Interesting ConceptCons-Awkward Camera Controls-Awkward Control Scheme
76561198049644314,Not Recommended,290300,28853338,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,chrisphoenix7,"I tried to like it. I really tried. But the combat system is immediately clumsy and dense - I died seven times because the game was telling me things that, as far as I could tell, weren't true. Odd UI made it even worse. I was expecting Black Flag IN SPAAAACE, but instead I got frustrated. Sorry lads. I can't recommend it."
76561198041576776,Not Recommended,290300,19118030,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,blackmike0,"Game's difficulty curve is unforgiveing. The ramdom incounters are the worst and I exited to the title screen during one in a rage quit and THE GAME SAVED THERE!!!IM STUCK THERE NOW!Im not going to repet what the other bad reviews say, there all true...Up deate 12/09/15I BEAT IT!I had to use 'Cheat Engine' to do it:http://www.cheatengine.org/I dont feel bad becase I didnt get my refund."
76561198002228571,Not Recommended,290300,32599910,Posted: 20 June,all,george.gimp,"I know this was a well-liked game but I found it frustrating and boring. I did everything that I could to make my ship more formattable but I would often get stopped on the way to a ""low risk"" mission and must do battle with an enemy ship. No matter what I shot at it, the enemy was unaffected. I even hired a mercenary, but many of the enemies would not be harmed by my fire or the mercinaries. I could not escape because I could not engage “warp” during battle. So I was stuck…..repeatedly stuck….over and over again. I upgraded everything but no luck. It just got worse because the battles would go on forever before I was destroyed. (To make matters still worse, sometimes the enemy ship would take damage and I couldn’t understand what I had done.) I read all the tutorials…no improvement."
,Not Recommended,290300,21025673,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,TeKett,"game is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, i took the first mission, noticed the camera whas hard to controll and was very limited and slow, flew to the marker, right next to it i got into a fight, toght it whas part of the mission, did no damage and died, tried agian died, tne a noticed, oh i was supoes to go past this. i whent past, deliverd the money aka brought the item (why did it say deliver, when i clearly brought), on my way back, i ran into a capital ship, warship, whatever you whanna call them, could not outrun them, (cus clearly erly on you cant warp out of battle, wich is extreanly stupid, it like not being able to warp near planets or debree, its my choice if i whana warp or not, and its my problem if a hit enything and damage my ship, thats why i have i shield to begin with, just lett me warp damnit, also whats up with it constaly keeps slowing down the nearer it get to something, sometimes it feels like it acc, break, acc, break, acc, break, acc, break, it ♥♥♥♥ing anoying man), long story short, i died. took a detour finnished the mission, brought rockets, noticed i only got 60 ammo, and my 2 turrets fire burts of a total of 12 rockets, ""alright, im gonna use my broadsides to fight small fry, and the rockets for bigger fights"", on the way to the next mission, i met, you gused it, small fry. i aim and ofc my rockets auto fire, 12 rockets, 3 hits, enemy dies, 9 flying past and now i only have 48 left, im like ""ok and how the hell do i turn this♥♥♥♥♥♥of?"" search on googel, its in the menu tap ,tactics. opeen menu (at this point im filled with so much emotion and just take everything literaly), notice there is no tactics tab, but now later on after calming down, i undertand its inder the missions tab, but missions tab should be, as i have noticed after playing a ton of games, basicly the quest log, and it makes no sence that it should be under that tab.and extreamly long story short: 10/10 IGN, also the game time of this game is only 30h, only good thing about the game whas the music, it whas extreamly good and fitting for the theme"
,Recommended,290300,18620179,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,jake,"explore, trade, fight, mine and customize all while satisfying your extreme Star Wars Trailer induced spaceboner and listening to sick cowboy tunes100/1 IGN"
76561197982488757,Not Recommended,290300,29049891,Posted: 5 January,all,texaskd5,"""Meh"" I think is a fair summary of the game. Had a lot of potential with the beatiful open world, but really shoots itself in the foot with the terrible, terrible, combat. The AI leaves a lot to be desired and sometime the game just decides you need to die, lazy programming would be a fair summary. Had a lot of potential, but just does not deliver"
,Not Recommended,290300,19269352,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Shrader,"Its pretty fun, until the game basically cheats and lies to tell you the risk is low and then you drop out of warp and scan, nothing there. then all of a sudden youre surrounded because the mission you are on basically tells the game to screw you over and enemies automagically appear all around you, because thats believeable. The AI is horrible."
,Not Recommended,290300,29855956,Posted: 11 February,all,Mute,It looks great.... but the gameplay is grinding and not fun at all
76561197970398337,Not Recommended,290300,18693749,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Gremlin,"Its a reasonable game, but it is fairly restrictive in that you are flying on a two dimensional plane with everything else moving in a three dimmensional plane (can only move you ship left and right not up and down).It is similar to the X universe but the X universe gives you more freedom, both in movement and scope as to what you want to do.  If you have the choice choose the X universe"
76561198118315374,Not Recommended,290300,20194278,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Siradon,"Just no. if you want a game where you can fire on enemies and not do any damage this game is for you, otherwise this game is very very buggy."
76561197963973496,Recommended,290300,18590355,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,[GA] Doops,<3 Freelancer <3
76561198034836909,Recommended,290300,22278336,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,swingguy0,Great game
76561198008855798,Recommended,290300,18632304,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,rollins_allen,This game brings so much to the table that has been missing with space sim games!
,Not Recommended,290300,20102446,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,rafasc_94,"this game is boring and repetetive there is nothing else to say to it, go A get mission got B, blow this/catch that/kill those, return to A. basicly every mission. and the gameplay its pretty much what you see in the videos, every, single, time, nothing changes is just that side view press the button until the shields are out and than you can finally blow up the ship, always"
76561198129776955,Recommended,290300,23324204,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Captain Camper LP,"Nice space game like Freelancer in 2D. Makes a lot of fun, but maybe not for every player."
,Recommended,290300,23321586,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,SpaceMuffinAlex,"very fun timekiller, not perfect, but not so bad that its unplayable."
76561197990526485,Recommended,290300,23319249,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Sepulkhur,Only bummer is it\'s too short.  Couldn\'t be long enough.  Awesome game.
76561198005864269,Recommended,290300,18803074,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Terra Blade,"This game scratched an itch in me that I didn't really know was there until I played it. It isn't your traditional fare, and the game streamlines the experience of being a space captain. That said it plays like Firefly meets Pirates of the Caribbean. If you never have enjoyed playing games where you line up broadsides and enjoy the sweet victory as your enemy crumples under your withering fire...you might not like this game. If you do, and you like your universe dipped in hard whisky with plenty of grit on the side this game might be just your thing.The Good:Ship combat is fast and furious, with most engagements and missions being over in a couple of minutes. Swarms of fighters, dancing beam weapons, and volleys of missiles light up the fights; all coming at you and maybe the poor sap you hired to protect you. Meanwhile you use a deflector (timed extra shield), main shields, and your armor to protect the innards of your ship while trying to line up a broadside as your turrets pick away at your opponent's shields. Because once someone is down to armor, it doesn't take that long before they are nothing be space dust.Trading, while simple, is still deep enough to enjoy. There is also mining, bounty hunting, distress calls (and ambushes), dead drop missions, and more to enjoy. You can spend hours alone in the first system building up reputation and your ship before stepping out into the wider galaxy...and you just might.The Bad:As much fun as the combat can be, it sometimes falls a little heavily on your gear as to whether you can engage in that fight or not. Thankfully the game does a good job of tracking the threat level as to your chances of pulling off the fight or whether you need to pass or run away. Which even with a medium frigate all in top gear for the first system I'm finding I'm doing more running then fighting...yet. Mission boards also give you a threat level when you take them so you know you aren't walking into a complete curb stomp, but you will feel the sting of defeat if you don't pay attention and especially if you aren't willing to run away until your ship and equipment is more up to the task.The other issue some might take is that this is all on a 2-D plane. So you don't go up or down with your ship, however fighters and objectives such an mine-able asteroids can be go/be off this plane. Turrets can handle these threats, but only if they can fire in that arc. As I discovered in mining however, you might need more then one of the expensive mining lasers to reach an asteroid depending on the turret placement and ship. They have a decent reach and make excellent short range beam weapons, but mining can be a pain and for as much investment you have to put into your ship to set it up to do right that can lead to some frustration.The Ugly:Unfortunately the game doesn't feel like it's fleshed out ship wise. There are 21 ships you can supposedly fly over the course of the game, and about half of those will be available to you from the start, a few more unlocked by leaving the first system, and a handful unlocked by faction reputation. It would have been nice to see some heavy armored and fast gunships, or some lighter armored glass cannons. There is a class of ship called 'strike craft' which seems to drop off by the end of the first system.The fighting can also get a little formulaic over time. I find running while my turrets pick off the fighters before engaging the larger ships to be the best road to success. Trading also can be a pain until you stumble upon the transponder that allows you to see the commodities of stations across the map without having to first dock at them.Verdict:If you enjoy broadsides and want a new type of scenario for your space faring adventures, this game might be just what you are looking for. If being a captain of a capital class ship isn't your cup of tea, then you still might want to pick it up on a sale. I recommend even at full price."
76561198033857742,Recommended,290300,23194256,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,DimaD2k,"Good game! If you in to space sim you should try this,  i want more lol game like that"
,Recommended,290300,23837617,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Ash,"I like the music, i like the gameplay...I didn't like the ending and thought it could be longer though.The game wasn't at it's potential but I could see a DLC or an expansion pack fixing these mistakes."
,Recommended,290300,24040046,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,That Guy,"the good : when you get use to it the combat is fun for a bit...wandering around scaning ships and acting as judge jurry and executioner is fun in and of itselfthe bad :setting things up is a chore since the turret ai isnt soemthing you will find your way to at the start probably. a mess of menus clutter the game. alien gear cant be bought thus turning specific builds into a grind fest and nothing at the top is needed ship wise.only 3 ships worth it late game because of the fact anything large is to slow to turn to be usefull and small stuff has to few guns. dravius , moinotaur and radovich. you go polaris or anything else your wasting your timethe ugly : lack of depth in anything and how easy combat gets late game but god forbid you down grade your gear if you do some dreadnaught will eat you for checking a signal by flying into the the point at warp speedshia labeouf / 10 ~ ign"
,Recommended,290300,18662161,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,yo,yo this game is tight yo
76561198086368484,Recommended,290300,25793069,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,EGG of wars,"Bought it at half price,Now it turn me into half escobar and half judge dreed on space.verdic : 9.5/10"
,Recommended,290300,18588562,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Richard Brown,"Very good game, like the idea of the game, still very good even tho it is not 3d mean the way you can fly up and down,but the game is very good, well worth the money just well made game"
,Not Recommended,290300,18720232,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Grazzit,"What is here is really good, what isn't here is a complete game.  Its decent for $20 but its one of those games that everything you do in the first 15 minutes of gameplay is everything the game has to offer."
76561197962074003,Recommended,290300,23837194,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Fadden,"Really awesome game, fun, space cowboy type game, well made, great soundtrack, and for 50% off, can't go wrong."
,Not Recommended,290300,18639381,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Skumby,"The game balance is all kinds of drunk. The side missions, of which you'll do a whole load, have Risk estimates next to them. These estimates are entirely useless. You can get face melted in a Normal, and never even notice your shields getting touched in a Very High. The power boost between gear levels is also really large, more than 50% boost usually. This means you're going to get melted often when heading into a new area whilst you try to scrape together the money to make your ship competitive.This power difference pretty much kills the immersion as well. Why are two systems, right next door to each other, at such differences in weapon tech? Why doesn't a single ship from the high area go to the low area and just take over? They'd be completely untouchable?"
,Not Recommended,290300,18643362,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Deaniebikini,"I was hoping for Mount and Blade meets Firefly. What I got was neither. This game has so much potential, but is hugley hurt by a number of things.(If you're wondering why my play time is so low its because I plan to get a refund and because the glaring problems are obvious from the start.)Firstly the thing I noticed first that bugged me was that, you ARE LOCKED TO A SINGLE PLANE OF MOVEMENT!(sounds small but it is SO annoying) Now if this were top down, this wouldnt be a problem, but the view is thrid person, making it painfully obvious how limited you are. What makes it worse is that other ships (including those you fight) can fly freely, making combat confusing and disorienting.Second, the graphics, nice enough at first (tough not at all cutting edge) but the problem there isn't poorly done graphics, it's OVERDONE graphics, I am being entirley honest when I say that the lens flare/ lighting effects during (one dimensional)'flight' actually HURT to look at.And finally, parts of it just feel....off. Little things, like a cramped UI in stations with loads of wasted space, or dialogues with characters (which are admittedley quite nicley done) feeling far too zoomed in and with no ability to use the keyboard for dialouge choices (up, down, enter or even 1,2 and 3).It's a nice idea that wasn't done badly, but its just not quite 'right' to play. I cant honestley recommend it."
,Recommended,290300,18590705,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,James Lister,"FOR FIREFLY BOYZ, FOR FIREFLY──────────██████─────────████████─────────████████─────────███████████─────────████████─█████──────────██████────██████──────────██████───────████████──────────██████──────────███████──────██████████████────────██████───███████████████████████████████─███████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─████████████████████─████████████████████─████████████████████─████████████████████─████████████████████─████████████████████─████████████████████─████████████████████─████████████████████─████████████████████─███████████████████──██████████████████────████████████████────███████████████─────███████████████"
76561198006702044,Recommended,290300,23315301,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,lockbox4,"Great game, fun game especially for the price! One problem.. no DLC."
,Not Recommended,290300,34354516,Posted: 19 August,all,opensorce,"This game is beautiful with a great soundtrack. Many gamepad players may enjoy it. However, I have not. Controls are difficult if you commonly play with keyboard/mouse/joystick together."
76561198013687199,Recommended,290300,25733716,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,No One,DLC Please
76561198044218149,Not Recommended,290300,29856332,Posted: 11 February,all,MrSpanky,"Boring grind with decent music.Tracking colored squares on screen is no more entertaining then a spreadsheet.Trading, as an integral part of the game mechanic, sufferes from the most generic and amateur designed interface.Space stations with the same content triggered a No Man Sky flashback causing an immediate refund reaction."
76561198051309118,Not Recommended,290300,34649078,Posted: 31 August,all,Haxov,not bad but your clasic grinding game. also it just doesnt feel like a full game.
76561198024972232,Not Recommended,290300,28802383,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Aunt Jimima,"While it might win you over with a Firefly-esque vibe, Rebel Galaxy is a lot rougher than one would think. Customizing your ship and engaging in space combat sounds cool at first, but it is shallow and unintuitive. The non existent story and lacking presentation doesn't help matters either. Rebel Galaxy could have been so much more, but instead it settles for mediocrity."
76561198066900608,Not Recommended,290300,23714125,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,phat.andz,"I don't get it, I really don't. I loved Freelancer and thought this might be a 2016 take on it, but sadly I find myself hugely disappointed almost straight away. If I wanted a game of 2D naval battles that looks as though it was released 10 years ago, I'd have searched for that. Ah well, another 15 quid down the pan. No more buying indie games, they just don't come up to scratch."
76561198010111321,Recommended,290300,23318180,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Oak,Good
76561198036350511,Not Recommended,290300,21247563,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,travismccg,"I quit the game right before being destroyed, just to save a few seconds and avoid the respawn at last checkpoint. But it autosaved there.So now my save game only goes to a place where I get blown up, and can't escape.I think it's telling of my feelings about the game that I kinda decided, ""oh, well, I guess that's the last time I play this game."" and shrugged my shoulders.I was 37 hours into that game. I'm sure when I was younger I would have burned down the developers. But really, my apathy towards never being able to play that game again probably is as harsh a burn as I'm capable of delivering at this point.The first dozen or so times you do each mission are fun. Then it's just endless grinding. I'm not going to ever play this game again, because I'd have to start a new game, which would be a ton of grinding to get to where I was, which was a part of the game that involved grinding.I think the price is fair, but I can't say that it's actually worth all the time required to beat it. If you play it for a dozen or more hours and have a good time, just stop when you don't like it any more. It will not change or get better."
76561198006446300,Not Recommended,290300,18943342,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,W32.Beagle,Was this an iphone game? It plays like one.
,Recommended,290300,18588325,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,jacksawild,"Bought it. Don't have time to play it. Tested it. An hour later, still playing. Must... stop... playing.The combat seems fun, plenty to do and see.  Will probably disable the music next time I start, nothing wrong with it, just a bit repetative, but it does set the mood.In all, reminds me a bit of Starfleet Command, Firefly, Homeworld and Elite:Dangerous.  I can say that it's well worth the price just from my first hour. I'll try and remember to update this review when I make some more progress."
,Not Recommended,290300,19689289,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,capital_letters,this game needs a lot work. combat is flashy and stupid
,Not Recommended,290300,29028466,Posted: 5 January,all,keybearer,Could've done it without the horrible scaling.
,Not Recommended,290300,19447443,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,iamSHlTbasterd,"Awful, brutally hard, no help, long winded and boring space on a single axis.I've tried preparing a weapons stack for each mission, enemy makes it up.I've tried just mining for ore to make money to upgrade, I get shot up by fighters every time I try to return to a base.Camera controls are so bad. You have no idea what's happening as barrage after barrage is landing on you.Everytime you die you lose everything, NO ♥♥♥♥ING SAVESThe soundtrack is fantastic, but that's the only good thing about it.Utterly hate this game."
76561197989743587,Not Recommended,290300,24821263,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Resol Random,"I just got this game and after a massive 1.3hrs of playtime I had to talk about it....The game is great if you like 2d combat and driving, I say driving because to use the word flying implies the ability to 'fly' up or down.If you want this game find someone who has it ask them to let you try it out then decide if you want it.  I assumed since the game showed other objects flying around your ship as your guns shot at them, that YOU would be able to fly around as well(also since your in a SPACESHIP!!!!).  Instead it feels like im driving a car or truck.With all that said I will rush through the storyline quests unless i decide that i want to play some SpaceForce Rogue Universe even with all its issues atleast you feel like your in space."
76561198038971368,Not Recommended,290300,29172605,Posted: 10 January,all,voodoov / Rumpelsteel,1 dimensional ♥♥♥♥shit
76561198092383700,Not Recommended,290300,25466592,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Master Ballsack,"i would recommend the game but it just so happens that for some unexplainable reason the game started lagging on even the lowest settings. it used to around 60 fps on highest setting so i tried uninstalling whitch did not solve the problem. so because of the around 10 fps the game runs right now around half a year after purchase, it renders the game unplayable."
76561198087016192,Not Recommended,290300,23106357,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,TotalCliche,"I wanted to like this, but the combat is just too ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥. If you are dragged into a fight, you can't flee, and you can barely do any damage. The only way i can get in damage is if im right next to it and just spamming broadsides. The groups they fly in are just too goddamn overpowered. There are tons of fighters attacking you in this group and you can't kill any of them. This actually sucks to me because you are just a sitting duck that is poking the enemy."
76561198020554800,Not Recommended,290300,30204140,Posted: 26 February,all,SizeDoesMatter,Boring...
,Recommended,290300,18586677,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Sir Akantor,"Like Elite Dangerous? You are gunna love this.Tis a simple version of Elite Dangerous with broadside combat, no 3d flight, large map and a pretty interesting story. You can choose to do the story line or some of it (which i recommend) or you can go be the space trucker you always wanted to be! You can explore the whole map and do all the side quests before doing the story.But the music does get a bit repetitive."
76561198026628070,Not Recommended,290300,29854620,Posted: 11 February,all,Bakuretsa,"I only played this game for a bit .......it only took that long to realize it just was not for me .Music : It's GREAT.Artstyle : Good .Sound Effects : Nice.So at this point you are asking  "" Ok ..BAKURETSA.... wtf is the deal then? "" .The deal breaker for me is the absolute CRAP control scheme .HOW do you make a space game like this ........and put it on a FLAT plane .NO 360 freedom of space movement . It feels like you are sliding a toy car on a glass table .That and the wanna be Assassins Creed Black flag naval action that does not translate well IN SPACE.Maybe you will like it if what I mentioned does not bother you .But I expected better and was let down ...."
76561198059742327,Not Recommended,290300,34154614,Posted: 10 August,all,Cougar One,"uggg   its not for everybody,  the side shooting was annoying and i could hardly tell were i was aiming.I know i am not giving it a fair amount of time  to make a full assesment of the game  it just isnt for me.  It felt more like cartoon space  than real space."
76561198024012383,Not Recommended,290300,23315079,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Jeff,"Shallow gameplay with little real substance unlike Freelancer or for that matter, Elite- the original.My wishes have not yet been granted as the original space sims;  When they appeared, they were a revelation on a different level even though the graphics were more basic."
,Not Recommended,290300,32784864,Posted: 25 June,all,Dadversity,"The discussion says the combat ramps up slowly to let you acclimate, but third mission in, I was dead in 10 seconds.  I'll update when I swing back around to this game.  Maybe I missed something.  But it's not a beginner-friendly game as far as I can tell."
,Recommended,290300,23323135,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,EternaTea,"I SAY GADDAMN SON!FORGET WHAT'CHU HEARD, THIS HERE IS THE SISTER KISSIN' FINGER LICKIN' GOOD TIME YOUNEED.IT AIN'T SHINY, BUT IT SURE AS HELL IS PRETTY!  DIP A TOE IN THIS POND AN' YOU'LL BE HOOKED, I GUARAN-DAMN-TEE IT!!  IS IT BUGGIER THAN A CAMPFIRE IN JULY?!  HELL SON, WE CAN'T ALL BE PERFECT.  IF YOU CAN TAKE THE HEAT THOUGH, THIS IS THE BEST DAMNED CASUAL SPACE FARIN' GAME IN THE 'VERSE.  SO PUT ON YER LUCKY DRAWERS, LOAD UP SOME KICKIN' TUNES, AND HEAD OUT TO THE RIM, 'CAUSE YOUR AUNTIE NEEDS YOUR HELP AND IT'S UP TO YOU TO SAVE ALL OF EVERY DAMNED THING!GET'CHOU SOME"
76561197992761127,Not Recommended,290300,33880843,Posted: 29 July,all,Synthetic,"If you are thinking about buying this game to enjoy a pc-experience, don't. -Use- a controller And if you don't have one? Don't buy this, it should state on the store page that the mouse and keyboard controls 'While functional'. Are not optimal and it takes you hours to get used to just how♥♥♥♥♥♥they are.It's sad to see a port done badly, but, mouse and keyboard is sort of important if you intend to make a game for pc, especially without the 'Needs a gamepad to work' notification on the store page.I would give this one a skip if you are a pc-gamer with no access to a controller."
,Recommended,290300,21006648,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Ankido,"Rebel Galaxy makes a lot out of little by giving you the freedom to captain your ship as you please and pursue your own fortune in a region of space loaded with pirates and opportunity.  While it's not as deep as it first appears, fun and fast naval style combat and a vast explorable galaxy made me want to try out each of it's different styles of captaining, and kept me happily blasting away.Graphics 9.0Gameplay 9.0Sound 10.0 (besides it's own music, you use custom music)Replay value 7.5 (once you've gotten everything, it's over)"
76561198138601378,Recommended,290300,31079374,Posted: 11 April,all,Catfish,An amazing indie game. Worth the twinnie twin twin.
76561198039412091,Recommended,290300,19547439,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,OzzyMan,Hey guys would you like me to make a new kissing prank (GONE SEXUAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)
,Not Recommended,290300,28753965,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,123,"Good game in general, but it is incomplete. The story had an outright terrible and game destructive ending. You loose access to the galaxy where you make the money, so your savegame and all your progress is lost. You espect to be re-united with your companion, but she is lost in space, what kinda ending is that?It is really a shame, cause the game was fun, until it forces you to quit with a terrible ending and locking you out of content."
76561198293672918,Not Recommended,290300,22083291,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,maikheul11,"THIS GAME IS A REP OFF I WANT A REFUND!Nothring interesting, impossible to maneuver ship, stupidistic settings impossible to change (as in, you can't use the arrow keys, you have to use stupid A and D ??? keys to steer). And, guess what: THIS GAME IS NOT 3D!! Your ship only evolves in a plane, you can't go up or down. Really, I thought I had purchased a space flight game!! (Imagine you fly a freaking SPACE CRAFT and you CAN't GO UP OR DOWN!!).20 freaking euros I wasted! First and last time I set foot on STEAM !!! Thanks god we have free flash games !!!"
76561198051067215,Recommended,290300,26359732,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Sicktwistedfck,I love this game!
,Not Recommended,290300,34012934,Posted: 4 August,all,Kami,I played 15 hours and then the game crashed. it also is now unable to load my save or my backup save. ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥ It is really enraging.
76561198043350889,Recommended,290300,21248685,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Aisar,"Kind of like Eve Online and Elite Dangerous but without all the boring garbage and actually fun.  Would highly recommend this game, get a copy cheap and never regret it.  The game does have a difficulty deadend where you become too powerful and just wreck everything so keep that in kind.  I suppose this could be negated with a weaker ship and loadout but I don't play that way so into the vault with this game.  Loved it."
76561198073132888,Not Recommended,290300,35040824,Posted: 18 September,all,Huyen,"I tried this game, and at first I thought it would be amazing to play it. Gameplay itself was pretty good. Aliens and all + the chance to own a huge spaceship. But then the fights itself...the balancing is so incredible bad. One fight you can win by sitting and relaxing a bit, other fights are just done in 10 seconds, ending with your ship being blown up. Talking about the same fights. I requested a refund for this game. Sad, because I had so much hope for this."
76561197988956458,Not Recommended,290300,28354993,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Star_Lord_Sajuuk,"Terrible Warp Controls, First mission designed to kill you out-right, no encouragement of advancement, combat system absolute garbage, do not buy. 0/10"
76561198072249573,Recommended,290300,26740233,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,himalayansalt,gud gambo i like alot 4/10
,Not Recommended,290300,23908697,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,igmagnanimous,Nothing special about this game - Might make a good kid's game.
,Recommended,290300,23301006,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Crowdazzle,fantastic game
76561198146477540,Not Recommended,290300,18645705,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,ptor63,this game is horrid its mapped keys dont work and it wont let you change them.it keeps sayin press esc to dock and it takes me to wepons then it wont let me esc out what a waste
76561197994615254,Not Recommended,290300,32336386,Posted: 11 June,all,Mezza76-au,Boring as bat guano. I couldnt last before i deleted it for space. Trading is bad - it's as linear as a straight wall.  Combat one dimensional. It's not buggy... so there's a positive.
76561198073871144,Not Recommended,290300,30561930,Posted: 16 March,all,flamixin,The biggest thing this game suprised me is that I never expect a space RPG could be this boring and lack of imgnation.  why  are we only allowed to fly in a 2D plane in a 3D 4D 10D universe?
76561198029302696,Not Recommended,290300,23335745,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,testicularexpress,so there\'s no 3d dimensional steering? you can only turn left and right? i get that you\'re trying to be serenity/firefly but the inability to truly steer your ship seems kind of lame.
76561198041355497,Not Recommended,290300,28006368,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Angessombre[fr],"one word for this game.... boringfly is boring just 2dfight is boring no tactic just turn around ennemi and shoot them and be carefull do not take too much damage by one side (front back left or right)i see a other player when he say this game have a part of the game""freelancer"" i found only 2thing like freelancer, the systeme faction friend/ennemi and we make mission fight, transport, mining...just sometimes answers are funnyi buy it on sale... and i thing i pay too much for this game 20€ is too much, maybe 2€ for a game like this is a good price."
76561198111671553,Not Recommended,290300,18738607,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,adamchilson,"I want my 20 bucks back.Combat interface is miserable, like the mutant offspring of a bad flight sim and an 80's arcade game. Travel is slow and pondersome. Shame, because I was kind of digging the atmosphere, music and feel, up to the point where you have to fight things. Not even going to finish this one.Designers are onto a good thing with the FEEL of the game."
76561198041416830,Not Recommended,290300,23656963,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,crgore,"poor, no poor is too kind."
76561197993002732,Not Recommended,290300,23058172,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,ORAA,"This game is amazing in alot of ways, except for one thing, THE MOST IMPORTENT THING IN A GAME LIKE THIS TRADE (radios(Telecommunications)) apperantly the world of rebel galaxy reached the space age without discovering RADIO or the INTERNET for that matter.let me clarify:to trade in this game, you buy stuff low and try to sell it high, BUT in order to know which stations BUY high and which SELL low, you will have to go to each station to get a price list and so on and so forth, and to add more to the injury this list CHANGES after a couple of in-game days...This Rebel of a Galaxy is making me CRY...Gave this game more time, it has an amazing soundtrack, fantastic battles and beautifull art but trading sucks and irrtaiting also guild missions are bugged sometimes."
76561198032068105,Recommended,290300,23642018,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,matt1184,The game is fantastic.
,Recommended,290300,18588391,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,I have volcano insurance.,10/10 Elite Dangerous for poor people or those who like a bit of story in their space explorers :D
,Not Recommended,290300,33054582,Posted: 30 June,all,moses,"Not a fan. Very linear, space is in 3D, not 2D."
76561198000445200,Not Recommended,290300,18630687,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,H1SHman,"The game is pretty fun but lacks much content to be a $17.99 game. There needs to be more complexity with ships, turrets, etc. Large annoyances include being pulled out of warp when coming into contact with unavoidable things like asteroids. I havnt put much time into the game but from first impressions these are my thoughts. I think the game should have been released as an alpha game due to the lack of content. What is put together now is bug free but there isnt much here. One example is that in all 6 hours i played I saw maybe 3 unique avatar/voices of enemy ships. There are a total of 3 turrets for broadside, 6 if you include the 2nd tier which is the exact same just more speed and damage.Id be happy to pay 17.99 for a game with alot of content but this seems like a sub $10 game in its current form."
76561197988860735,Not Recommended,290300,24660614,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,sonofacobra,"I should have trusted the reviews that stated the combat in this game was horrible, as it is.  I love the music, the idea of reliving Privateer, etc.  However, the game is nothing more than go from point A to point B and back and fighting as if you are in a ocean vessel in the 1800s.  It seems the developers are much like human race from centuries ago in that they think the world (in this case space) is flat.Let me download the music as a soundtrack and at least the money would have been worth while.  Short of that, this was a lesson in reading and believing reviews."
76561197970756092,Not Recommended,290300,18619283,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,"Lambert, Lambert - What a prick.","I'd select MAYBE here if that was a option.The game is pretty, has a great soundtrack and nice arcadey gameplay. But it's too shallow and repetative for me, i like my spacegames with a bit more complexity."
76561198083496257,Not Recommended,290300,19262351,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Professor Plum,"Save your money..... worst of the space sim group.PROSCool music and easy to navigate, ship upgrade path straight forward. Overall game had promise, until...CONSTERRIBLE combat broadside junk aiming mechanic, ruins the game play. It takes literally forever to hit anything with the lazy aiming system. Hold right mouse until you get a yellow path to aim, left to fire.  Misses everytime or does little damage. I really can't say enough bad things about how poorly thought out this part of the game is. Funny, that most of the game is about combat interactions and this part failed so badly. It's a shame because otherwise it seemed unique, but is unplayable due to this frustrating design idea. Sailing ships in space, no thanks!Overall a waste of $20The solid reviews must be rigged from devs. Too bad Steam doesn't give refunds on this trash indie stuff. Fix your broken core mechanic and allow weapons to hit something and maybe the game could work.Starpoint Gemini 2 is 1000x times more playable."
76561198083920683,Not Recommended,290300,32078986,Posted: 30 May,all,Cult ⛩ Alive,too grindy
,Recommended,290300,23760933,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Thinson_Luo,WHAT CAN I SAY!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,290300,32466346,Posted: 16 June,all,Perpetual,"Boring, samey, shallow"
,Not Recommended,290300,29639733,Posted: 1 February,all,H41ko,"This game starts with a fantastic promise: Getting something between Wing Comander Privateer and X³. The first impression is great, the graphics are impressive, the cut scenes / chats with characters appropriate. Only the fact that a Flight Stick is not supported seems to be a little bit sad.Then you start to manouver your ship for the first time you realize there is something broken. Checking the Settings turns out: This game is a 2 dimensional space shoter.The idea of space is to have 3 dimensions but here there is only a third dimension for the blow-flies. What distroys any immersion from this point on is, that there is no reasonable explanation for this 2D-space-fake. Why?"
76561197970436838,Not Recommended,290300,18621326,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,aliengmr,"Not a bad game, but not all that fun.The controls are just okay, if a bit messy. M&KB works but feel lacking. I honestly don't feel in control of my ship a lot of the time.The music is pretty annoying.And for me, being restricted to a 2d plane, sucked all of the fun out of it.All said and done, its similar to Starport Gemini 2, which I think is better to the point where it was hard to justify having them both."
76561198007652170,Not Recommended,290300,18607390,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,FogMan,"Disappointing to say the least, basically its similar to Eve but without any p2p or pvp. Very vanilla economy. Super generic quests, you can literally have multiple instances of the same quest. You can go ratting. You can go mining. Would not recommend going trading. Single pane (no up/ down) essentially no 3d movement in a space game??? Why???  Pretty I'll give it that. Broadsides are nice but its gimmicky. Sound track is good but it is a short soundtrack. So after the first hour or less you will hear the same songs again and again and again. Pointless. Targeting sucks. to interact with anything you have to get pretty darn close which is just dumb. Travel between quests takes too long, you can upgrade your travel speed but it’s still pretty darn slow.  I want to like it but meh boring..."
76561197986850882,Not Recommended,290300,18630716,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,OttoMechanic,"This game evolves from games like Star Flight, Star Fleet and Freelancer with the interface and game play being most like Freelancer(almost a re-write).  I liked Freelancer and must've played through 3 or 4 times.   The graphics and UI from this game most resemble Freelancer.For me the whole broadside pirate style of battling is confusing enough that this game likely has not much time left on my hard drive.  No story line to speak of, no character developement, same 4 options to get a mission on each planet/station/location.  I can live with everything except the battle perspective issue, it would've been much better to have a♥♥♥♥♥♥pit view of battle like other flying games.  It would also be nice of while flying around you could choose between first and third person views.  Also annoying game play plot issues like can't pick up debris cargo withpout a tractor beam but you have to run earand missions to earn enough to get one, should be part of the base ship configuration, same with weapons, start with nothing being the target for every bandit who wants to shoot you down.Had I played a demo of this game I would not have purchased.  I wish I had gotten the new Defender instead of this game."
76561197982854553,Not Recommended,290300,18635027,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Sage,"Awesome style, very flat gameplay. Gameplay just doesn't feel polished or deep. I'll keep an eye on this one. Hopefully, they'll take the time to add some interesting depth."
76561198040354611,Not Recommended,290300,18643653,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Segonetin,CONSOL PORT
76561198022778287,Not Recommended,290300,32474592,Posted: 16 June,all,braincell,"I don't see anything this game has to do with space except for calling the ships ""space ships"" and painting some illuminated clouds all around you. It seems like the developers wanted to make an ancient naval game with sail-ships but their investors just thought space would sell better. The sound track is an annoying teenage space cowboy wannabe with testosterone induced pimples and all the characters in the game have a similarly punchable face. Everything is shallow, badly random and not well explained. The flashy interface makes it hard to figure out wtf is going on. The targeting system is weird and the weapons auto-target according to some weird rules only they know. The camera moves so slowly when you try to look around, which combined with the fake urgency of ""battle"" makes it frustrating as heck. I know your turrets are slow at the start of the game but I don't see why they had to lock the camera turn speed -  the turrets can follow behind the camera you know? Duh. You want to warp to another location? Well good luck because you will probably bump into little rocks which will kick you out of warp and force you to hold the ""E"" button until the warp drive decides (in some stupid mysterious way) that you are now far enough away from rocks so that you can continue warping.I play a lot of mediocre games but this one is the most frustrating game I've played in several years, and an insult to the ""space"" genre!"
,Not Recommended,290300,18620071,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Minkshaman,"This game is great, the music is AMAZING and the graphics and universe are top-notch.It would be my pick for GOTY if it wasn't flat plane.That means that it's nothing like the gameplay of Freelancer and Privateer (like they're advertising) and is closer to Starpoint Gemini 1 and Ring Runner.Both mediocre games :(So, while $20 is a great price point, the fact that it has no TILT, PITCH or YAW, means I'm getting a refund, and if you loved Freelancer, you'll get one too."
,Not Recommended,290300,23961831,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Chrono,I find that the tutorial isnt up to part. seems like the lerning curve is trial and error and thats just saps the pleasure of playing. Great trailer. Subpart game imo.
,Not Recommended,290300,18624108,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,BuckMetal,Cool idea for a game. but not quite what the trailer made it out to be
,Not Recommended,290300,28834419,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Brummbrummquietsch,"""Fighting in Rebel Galaxy is naval style, meaning you fight with your broadsides.""Yep, sounds about right. Because in the distant future weapons are so incredible advanced that they absolutely can NOT be mounted on the front. And that's so much fun I immediately requested a refund.What the hell guys, as if anybody would ever complain about having some action and fun in a game. Just what happened to the whole Descent / Freespace / Forsaken genre? Nowadays we have such great graphics, the technology, the processor power, so many potential and possibilities, and developers decide to throw everything over board and make something like THIS?Wow. Just wow."
76561197996911995,Not Recommended,290300,18640755,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Highwalker,Barely got into this game. The player is restrcited to a 2d plane even though enimies are free to move up and down...
76561197970509989,Not Recommended,290300,18618235,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,SirSquirelyMcKnight,"I had high hopes for this game but as it stands I can not recommend it.  Everything from a lack of ships, lack of things to do, lack of deep combat bog this game down from greatness.   What it does and how it does it,  it does very well,  but it just doesn't push any particular aspect far enough.  Further, while I found the soundtrack nice at first, it wears very quickly. It really doesn't sound like a space sim or futuristic at all and I struggle to understand why they chose the musicians to begin with when it doesn't gel with the rest of the game. Very greatful Steam offers refunds."
,Not Recommended,290300,18606644,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Kestrel,"There are some cool ideas here in Rebel Galaxy, but it just feels underwhelming. The poor visuals, weak characters and genric story make the game hard to get into. If  you like this type of game but can skip the space stuff, I'd recommend Mount & Blade.I'm going to keep playing to see if I'm missing something, but first impressions aren't great."
,Not Recommended,290300,25121054,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Chewblackka,Was told this is better than NMS. It's not.
76561197997549341,Not Recommended,290300,18626678,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,SpiderWire,"NOT READY FOR PC.This is a good game.  If you're into Firefly like atmosphere.  My problem isn't with the game play but with the poor job porting it to the PC.  Mouse cursor is off.  Controls are clunky.  Worst of all... if you press New Game on the title menu instead of continue then you just lost your current game as the save is automatic.  Work on some bug fixes please.  You're selling to the PC community, how about a little quality testing?"
76561198117345293,Not Recommended,290300,34693184,Posted: 2 September,all,sa0836561663,About as interesting aas a party political broadcast. Played for 23 minutes and spent 20 of them bored and irritated
76561198132666422,Not Recommended,290300,18631847,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Godzilla34,"This game do not get if u have crappy pc, it will crash it!!!"
76561198028342560,Not Recommended,290300,35133539,Posted: 22 September,all,Uriel,"The most boring and non engaging intigue I have seen in years !Your aunt is missing and if you want to know more do this go/kill/return mission. Then again, then again.... Seriously ?!I cant even believe that this is compared to Freelancer - an insult to that great game.Played a little over 2h and un-installed it."
76561198095200394,Not Recommended,290300,18622487,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,RetroFlux,"Unfortunately I can't recommend this based on my experience. Low frame rates and sound cutting out, running on x64 Win 10 Pro, i7-4720HQ CPU, 16GB RAM, GTX 970M."
,Not Recommended,290300,21655320,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Samantha Rostova,Game is called Rebel Galaxy but i cant put the rebel flag on my ship. Gay game.
,Not Recommended,290300,29359680,Posted: 19 January,all,sakk,Junk game dont buy it.
,Not Recommended,290300,23361712,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,ETHAN BUBBLEGUM TATE,.
76561197983859963,Not Recommended,290300,29862291,Posted: 11 February,all,Snugglator,"I wanted to like this game; it seemed like a throwback to Escape Velocity.But there are two audio issues the kept me from being able to enjoy the game:1) There is a constant popping sound coming from the game. It stopped in menus, but was otherwise constant.2) The music is AWFUL. It is painful to listen to. If done subtly, it could have given the game a Firefly, space western vibe. Instead, it's akin to being agressively poked in the ear by a Alan Jackson wannabe's demo tape."
,Not Recommended,290300,34214963,Posted: 13 August,all,[907G] Arkile,Cam's Score Card = 21) Stay away2) Not Recommended3) Only recommended when on sale4) Recommended5) Highly recommended6) This is a must play
,Not Recommended,290300,25141100,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,GusDeCooL,modern space technology with cowboy music kill my mood to play this game
,Not Recommended,290300,18618616,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Disorder,"How can you have a space game with no 3D flight? It just feels totally 100% wrong, and very dissapointing :("
76561198052564648,Not Recommended,290300,25816935,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,iggi,"The game is bugg trash. The interface is not designed for games above 1920x1080. Developers ignore the support of the players. It is clear that the game was used to collect the money. I spent an hour, but was unable to play. Do not waste your time and money on it."
76561197970977337,Not Recommended,290300,26448328,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Spazzagorilla,What a POS...
76561198006617124,Not Recommended,290300,33759612,Posted: 23 July,all,Jaswolf,This is a mobile game without the micro transactions.So if you have always dreamt of having a mobile game on your computer you won't be disapointed.
76561198077186230,Not Recommended,290300,23768917,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,jaytiks,i dont even know why i bought this game -_-
,Not Recommended,290300,24777454,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,G3CD,"I played this game for 88 hrs, did like 16 Youtube videos on it, so I really really enjoyed it. And then one day, it wouldn't start any longer, no matter what settings I chose or what I re-installed. So even the game is fun for an extended period of time (especially while the missions last, not so much after you get a ridiculous large ship that lets you fly into any obstacle and just plow through it), I wouldn't recommend buying it."
76561197960647622,Not Recommended,290300,33532909,Posted: 14 July,all,Sneaking Godzilla,"I feel completely cheated! Robbed!Even if this game was free I would feel that developers stole my time!A GAME SET IN SPACE... AND YOU CAN'T FLY UP/DOWN?????!!!! More like a car game..WORST ""SPACE GAME"" EVER!!STEAM should be ashamed! And pay ppl their money back. This is daylight robbery!"
76561198307493057,Not Recommended,290300,23314654,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,neil27pearson,Poor controles and very glitchie.  Keeps getting stuck in menus.  Not impressed. 3 out of 10...
76561197982807942,Not Recommended,290300,18590789,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Badmojo,"This is just bad. I was excited about this game leading up to launch but after playing it... wow. I kept telling meself ""well, this isn't great but maybe it will get better"".  It feels like someone had an interesting idea for a game and perhaps pulled together a working prototype of a concept and then proceeded to paste minimal elements of a game around it. Menus, models, story... all seriously lacking.The space physics don't feel good at all. You can bounce your ship into things and well.... and nothing, it just bounces off. I don't mind that it is on a 2D plane but the models for ships, asteroids, space stations... all look like they were made 10 years ago.And the story is awful. really really awful. Again, it feels like the bare minimal to move the player forward into... something.I would like to say these feels like beta but that would be too generous. This feels like a early access alpha build.shame."
,Not Recommended,290300,23315140,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Mr_Quality97,"I can't put my finger on why, it just didn't call out to me for some reason"
,Not Recommended,290300,28549075,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,|Pam|天上帝聂莉哟对手|Slug|,Mouse controls make the game unplayable for veteran pc super users.
,Not Recommended,290300,18594758,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,drekx,"Disliked that there is no manual or much of a tutorial in the game so good luck with all the controls.  I learned in the forums after a kind soul let me know that there are videos/links to videos in the game if you press esc/start button and look for them in the menus there.   Never would have thought that the equivalent of the manual? i guess would be in the menu.Most of everyone else was busy saying the equivalent of 'man up', so not the greatest community if you are looking for any kind of help.The game might be fun but you will have to put up with non-intuitive controls until the developers improve them or actually give more information to the players.  So at this point the game seems more to be in EA state rather than released state.  I say EA because games in those states are the ones that I expect with no manual/minimal explanation of controls when control scheme is not intuitive.Also becareful since some of the reviews mention that it reminds them of other games space games like freelancer/(insert awesome space game) but they fail to mention that the game movement/combat is in 2D like Starpoint Gemini.So TLDR; Gamble: might be good but be warned that controls aren't the best and community not the most helpful.  This game is more like an enhanced Starpoint Gemini.Edit:The review mentions community as since the 'tutorial' to basic keys is lacking then it means that the users have to rely on 'community'.On the plus side though the developers seem to be good though so there is a future.CONS:- Controls not all intuitive- Tutorial, according to other players you have to play > 15mins before you actually get to it.- Aweful community (don't expect help from 90% of it and have a thick hide when asking).- Universe is 2D like Starpoint Gemini (some people like this so if you are ok with it then you good).PRO:- Devs seem to nice and involved so a few weeks or months the game might become much better.- Possible gem in the future, so maybe hold out until later."
,Not Recommended,290300,23844163,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Vip3rousmang0`,Save your money. Buy Elite Dangerous + Horizions Expansion. You'll thank yourself.
76561198169234775,Not Recommended,290300,22803050,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,gallometsa,"i see nothing good in this game, its should be under free play!"
76561197961222983,Recommended,290300,30520286,Posted: 14 March,all,Bio-Hazard-2000,"Rebel Galaxy is pretty addicting but is painfully short.  My first, and likely only, run through was brief.  You don't need to max out your ship and equipment to beat the game.  It's nice that anything you buy you sell for the exact same amount.  This really means you can try out everything without consquence.  But because of that there is no real need to play through more than once.I had considered going again just to try out being a pirate but the main story just wasn't interesting enough.  The side missions are a grind for money and they aren't that fun.  You either can win a fight or there is no way to win it  till you get a better ship or equipment.The economy is pretty easy to figure out and that can allow for you to earn money way to fast for the game to be a challenge.  I'm glad I played it but I'd be pretty mad if I had paid more than $10, which I didn't.Wait for a sale."
,Recommended,290300,30519503,Posted: 14 March,all,Komplex,It's fun if a little repetitive. I enjoyed it as a simple little space shooter with RPG elements.
,Recommended,290300,30545104,Posted: 16 March,all,NinjaX,"This game was a blast.  I loved every minute of playing it and the music is great.  I actually only originally got interested in this game from catching a video on youtube and hearing the music.  I only wish they would put out some DLC or a sequel.  Fun game, I recommend this game wholeheartedly."
76561198015243535,Recommended,290300,19555172,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Duke Of The Wolf Streams,"Не ожидал, но игра - супер! Не знаю, с чем сравнить, но лучше Х серии уж точно. That's cool! Very good! Wow! Space fans play It! This is It!!!"
76561197988293998,Recommended,290300,19542335,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Wraithfighter,"Anyone that's played (or even remembers) Escape Velocity will probably enjoy this game.Rebel Galaxy is a fun space combat/trading/mining/exploration game, giving you a lot of ways to earn money and kick♥♥♥♥♥ The ship piloting controls are on a 2d plane, which may seem frustrating to some, but it's honestly a great decision. It makes the more chaotic battles easier to approach, letting the game throw more and more fighter and other small craft, backed up by larger frigates and destroyers.Story isn't bad so far, but isn't exactly groundbreaking either. More of an excuse to drive the plot along for the sake of the number of smaller side-missions around.Special mention has to be given to the soundtrack. Most games I play have me turning off the background music because I want to focus on the combat audio, but the western/southern old-timey music gives a perfect frontier feeling to the game. The SFX are great as well.Not a perfect game. At best, I'd give it an 8/10 (with 5/10 being average, damn it), and given the $20 price point it's more than worth it. But it's still an excellent first showing from a new developer. Really look forward to seeing what they do in the future."
,Recommended,290300,19571005,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Deckameo,The short of it is this:- I really enjoyed this game but it just ends. No climax just ends. I don't regret buying and playing it.
,Recommended,290300,19437741,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,n.,"I had been undecided about buying this game, because on one hand I love space-games, and on the other I hate 2D games (especially in space) and that I the idea of flying on a 2D plane within 3D space doesn’t appeal to me.I watched some videos and thought it would be worth a try, after all space RPG’s are not too common. I found the game to be quite entertaining, although not very immersive. After getting some decent upgrades it also wasn’t very challenging. The spaceship components did not feel like they had enough variety in them. Sooner or later you will end up going to the overpowered beam turrets. The game-play is still fun and the graphics are good considering the game’s 2D limitations. The dialogue scenes offer nice visuals which was a great addition.The main story felt somewhat short, and written for a younger audience.On a scale out of 10:Graphics: 8Story: 6Immersion: 6Gameplay: 7"
,Recommended,290300,19379672,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,BillyR,"Excellent game! Looks epic and the music is perfict for this title! Not a single bug yet, nothing!"
76561198067341821,Not Recommended,290300,18860921,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Garm,"Not recommended for people expecting a deeper space sim or even one like Freelancer. Despite many reviews comparing it to Freelancer, this game is not a just comparison as it falls far short. Initial impressions are amazing but wears thin after awhile.Desperately needs Workshop support and a modding scene.Get this for space pew pew.As for myself, I'm bored out of my mind..."
76561198007430387,Not Recommended,290300,19445180,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Pluk,"I enjoyed the game very much, but the loss of my save games on 2 occassions really let me down. I spent hours playing the storyline and was looking forward to a conclusion, but unfortunately that will never happen."
76561198051451904,Recommended,290300,19517895,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,adamcastelow,Awesome game at twice the price.
76561198063567294,Recommended,290300,19560911,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Experse,great game  10/10 would play again
,Recommended,290300,19776412,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Runsta,"The soundtrack doesn't get old. Gameplay is solid as well. Story is a bit generic, but the random open world encounters make up for it."
76561197996155531,Recommended,290300,30654709,Posted: 21 March,all,Myrre,"A decent light-hearted space shooter in 2D. As others have said; don't expect it to be dynamic or deep though. I did and lost interest when it dawned on me this is just not the case. Barely recommended.At a first glance the universe seems to be living and breathing, with pirates, traders, miners and militia roaming about. The quests, guilds, battles, mining and trading got old quickly though. Don't get me wrong, it's all there, and it works. It's just that it's no more than ""OK"". Imho, this is one of those games with great potential that might have gained much from having a clearer direction, with more focus on fewer aspects of gameplay, e.g. either story or free-roaming.With that said, I do hope that the developers do a sequel and manage to make something that is more fleshed out."
,Recommended,290300,19754368,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Chairman_Pow,"I really enjoyed this game. Mainly due to the atmosphre and THE SOUNDTRACK which blends really well into gameplay. You really feel like you're flying a hunk of junk in Firefly.Stop reading to avoid minor spolers!The game has a things you might not expect and might dissapoint. For example, you're on a 2D plane, not in 3D space, so it's a bit more like a boat sim than a space sim - add in the broadside comba and it's definitely a boat sim. Still, it works well and is fun to play, so I didn't mind.Also, the story is good but kind of short, and once you're in sandbox mode, well there's not a whole lot to do except grind for more cash... I didn't need to upgrade to another ship to finish the game - upgrading your shields / hull and weapons is enough and it's easy to earn the cash for that quickly.A few weird things too - like normal faction space stations in a system you're not supposed to be able to reach - how'd people get there?!?Still, I really enjoyed it, mostly for the general atmosphere which is spot on. Good job, I had fun playing this - it could do with a sequel!"
76561197963103714,Recommended,290300,19795408,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Operaman,"Rebel Galaxy was quite a bit of fun. Simple flight mechanics, might have put some off but an old-school guy like me found it accessible to play. Good range of weapons, decent ship options. Over too soon, and I wish they had made it a bit more interactive. After defeating a fleet of hostiles surrounding a base, limping to dock and then finding out that there is NO reaction from the base really took the wind out of my sails.Over pretty quickly (40 hours)."
76561198083476264,Recommended,290300,20365629,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,simest45,Simple but very awesome space sim. A must play for any gamer casual/serious/hardcore.
76561198007696606,Recommended,290300,20363122,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,bholze,Only played for a short time so far and will update this as I get more into the game.  First impression out of the gate is 7/10.  I am taking 2 points off right away for no x and y axis (up and down).  I am hoping this is a patch on the way.  No matter how much is added to this game it will never be great without that standard feature. Grab the dll from Eve and reverse engineer it lol. But for the price and what you get this is definitely a buy and a deal.  The graphics are well done and the UI is very smooth.  The way the warp works is really well done.  I always hated space games that you need to find a damn jump gate.  Music is best of any space game.  TBC....
,Recommended,290300,20364150,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,ViolentGentleman,"This game should have recieved more praise. 8.5/10.>Great soundtrack>Good story>Simple but satisfying flight system>Feeling of progression>Tons of variety in ships, weaponry, and ""lifestyle"" (mining, trading, bounty hunting)-No end game-Little reason to replay the game-Would have been great for co-op-Some of the chat cutscenes feel a bit corny"
76561198041071260,Recommended,290300,20326341,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,juanworld,"Amazing game, well made, fun and its like playing Dark Matter the game."
76561197987694045,Recommended,290300,18831610,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,striker_sigma,"Just think Firefly + Cowboy Bebop = Rebel Galaxy.Didn't know what all to expect when watching the trailers, so I thought ""What the hell, I'll give it a shot.""  Then I gave it another...and another...and another, and before I was done, pirate fleets were torn asunder and floating lifeless in the cold, empty void of space.Overall:+ Put in close to 12 hours so far and still in the first system.  In many AAA-titles released these days (I'm looking at you CoD), the main part of campaigns can be completed in 5-20 hours, depending on how much content there is.  For a $20 game to beat out $60 games is a damn shame. It shows that bigger studios often care too much about profit, and not enough on a great experience like they used to.+ Sometimes takes on that addictive ""just one more mission"" quality+ Tight, responsive controls+ Again, for $20, the AI can be surprisingly good+ Like many have said, it's not a space sim, which, for me at least, was a good selling point.  No need for ultra-realism after seeing pretty pew-pew lasers and lots, and LOTS of explosions.+/- The soundtrack can be kind of a mixed bag.  It isn't terrible by any means, but after hearing the same 6-7 songs repeated over and over again in some sequences, I disabled the music in the settings and began listening to music downloaded from YouTube.  Yet if the developor can periodically update the game with new tracks, it'd be an added bonus.+ Got to name my ship the Cowboy Bebop10/10 - See ya later space cowboy!"
76561197976498667,Recommended,290300,18933795,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,kael4549,"very fun and addicting game. Its very satisfying to upgrade weapons and defensive systems and see it make a large difference per upgrade. The different ship types compliment different play styles from the heavy slugger, to the nimble rogue like trader."
,Recommended,290300,18957663,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,socrates200X,"Rebel Galaxy is EVE Online Lite by way of Firefly, in all the best ways.  Better since I can buy a mercenary to cover me while smuggling without worrying about them podding me at the earliest opportunity."
,Recommended,290300,18959256,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,koboldstyle,"This is amazing value for the money. A nicely-sized procedurally-generated universe, an active market influenced by your actions, and great broadsides capital ship-to-ship combat that doesn't get old.This is frontier space, crowded with pirates, desperate merchants, strange (and funny) aliens, and humorless marshals. Load your cannonade, mount your turrets, stow your smuggled contraband and have just ridiculous levels of fun."
,Recommended,290300,18975413,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,boro,"Great fun, limited replayability. Very enjoyable arcadey experience. Highly recommend."
76561198013869979,Recommended,290300,18963046,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,RAUBZ,"Great game, especially for the money. Enough RPG elements with ship upgrades and lots of ships to choose from. First, there are some negatives: the late game doesn't offer much in the way of excitement, one you have the best gear, there isn't much that puts up a challenge anymore. It's fun to feel godlike when firing 20 broadside cannons and killing ships that used to give you trouble in a couple of shots. This wears out pretty quickly though and I find myself wishing they would throw more at me to match the level of my ship.Once the storyline is finished I don't feel there is a lot of replayability, there's no real ""other"" way to play the game except as maybe an outlaw, which will severely limit the number of stations you can visit and missions you can take.The positives, I think, far outweigh the negatives. As I said above there are plenty of fun customization options available to you and each battle needs to be approached with tactics in mind: lots of fighters?  Stay back and let your turrets work and fire some well-aimed broadsides. Big badass dreadnaughts? Take down their shields and get in close so you don't have to charge your cannons up and take them down fast.I haven't played a game with this much value for dollar in a long time, not being able to travel on the X axis isn't a bother as the game still feels big. Worth the $!"
76561198007974785,Recommended,290300,18960994,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Sytheus,"I am really glad to of taken the chance on this game. It is such a great looking (graphics) game, eventhough you can not move up or down the gameplay makes up for it. If you like space flight games then you must give this a try. The music gets abit annoying after a while, however you can use music that you already own through settings window at the begining. I would love for there to be a workshop for this..Love it."
76561198025741720,Not Recommended,290300,18959519,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Cosmic_Balls,Elite meets Firefly in a vastly empty 'verse.
,Recommended,290300,18960242,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Mascot,"It's good. Really, it is. It's not, however, amazing.The short:The storyline is... cursory, at best. The game would lose virtually nothing if it weren't there at all. There are some annoyances in missions and travelling, and you need to be comfortable with the need to grind for gear, but all in all it's a very enjoyable space shooter.The long:As I've seen mentioned in other reviews, there's an almost consistent misrepresentation of the mission risk. Low? It could be, then again you could also barely make it out with an inch of hull left. Other times you end up against a ship you literally do not have the damage output to even touch the shields on. High? It could be. It could also be a milk run. It just doesn't make any sense.You do learn to recognize them, though. Some mission types seem straight forward, but will always end with you having to deliver something to a station that's under siege. Skip those. Escort missions are a pain, as in pretty much all games, Fancy waiting 2-3 minutes while your ship lines itself up for the escort? Fancy doing that numerous times as the journey is interrupted along the way? How about inside an asteroid field, where your ship keeps getting stuck on rocks, adding another few minutes. At first, I learned this was a perfect time to go fetch something to drink. Or check email. Or read a page or two of a book. Later, I learned to just save my sanity and skip them. Eventually I did learn a set of mission types I could reliably predict the difficulty of, and I just stuck with those and ignored everything else.There's a fair amount of travelling required, which is to be expected. Space is big, after all. What isn't fine is how often your travels are interrupted. There are countless asteroid and junk fields littered about, and odds are you'll be pulled out of warp a handful of times on most journeys. Which means you then need to crawl along to the edge before you can get back up to speed. If you pay attention you can spot some of them and go around. Not going in a straight line from one place to the next, also seems to help. Then there are the random enemy encounters, which have the same effect of slowing you down. You can spend time fighting them (if they are ship types and numbers you can handle), for loot worth next to nothing most of the time, or turn your tail and boost out of there. In most cases that'll have you on your way again in 30 seconds or so.So why the heck am I recommending it? I guess I must really like spaceships. And lasers. I had great fun, despite the above mentioned drawbacks. Enough so that I put 40 hours into it. After finishing the story, I kept going until I had the best ship fully upgraded. I then went back in a few more times to just fly around enjoying being invincible. For entertainment value, it was a bargain for the price."
76561198031603276,Recommended,290300,18941144,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,bizzarbenz,"Very fun game, great value for the price."
,Recommended,290300,18619636,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Swagger,as of now 11 hours. planned time to play? the galaxy is the limit! (Pun 100% inetnded)
76561198025514459,Recommended,290300,18964889,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Bender Sama,"Rocking Soundtrack, Great exploration and combat, and the feels of playing a game that makes me feel like I'm in the Firefly universe or something... In a word, Awesome. Will definitely be playing this one a whole lot. Also, the naval style space combat works wonders. Once you get the hang of locking onto targets and blowing them to bits it feels like second nature, and once you get a feel for it you will fully appreciate the inability to go up and down.  So if you're wanting a good space adventure with a fun combat system, this will probably satisfy. ESPECIALLY if you like Firefly. I'd say this is a strong recommendation.Gameplay - 9/10Graphics - 8.5/10Sound - 8.5/10Soundtrack - 9.5/10 (needs a category because it stands out so well)Fun - 9.5/10Controls - 10/10Overall Value - 9.5/10Is it beginner friendly? VERY, the hud does a good job telling you your keys, and makes you feel like a badarse pilot.Are there random encounters? Yep, you'll come across a variety of enemies and distress signals, sometimes fake signals.Should you buy it? If you've been looking for a good and simple space adventure to just jump into and play for a short or long burst, then definitely (especially, again, if you're a fan of Firefly or Space Westerns in general). If you aren't quite a fan of the genre yet, then even still, it could be a good starter point. The simplified gameplay certainly could help a newcomer to the genre find their legs and maybe fall in love.One con that I do see is that for some, combat may get repetetive. But as a fan of space and big guns, I did not find this to be a huge issue.I'd also like to note that I played this offline for a bit as well, so the Steam time is a bit off. Hope you guys found this useful."
76561198042410460,Recommended,290300,18965128,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,jjamz,"Worth the price tag.  Simple addictive game.  Relatively short playtime, but for $20.00 is quite simply a go to title for sci-fi fans.  A+ soundtrack also."
,Recommended,290300,18968819,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,andyF,"SPACE COWBOYRecommended if only for the music. Turns out the game is fun, too!"
,Recommended,290300,18966879,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Gavinplays,fun game love it sound track if the♥♥♥♥♥♥        needs more ships  10/10 IGN
,Recommended,290300,18967013,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Sigthor,"I have tried alot of space games, and this is right in the middle of arcade and RPG elements.  Its not overly complicated, but there is enough to keep you going.  If you liked Firefly the tv show, this seems like the video game version of that.  you can be whatever role you want through out the game.  The graphics are great, the sound if fun, plus you can add your own.  Lastly the price for $20 us dollars you will get your money worth and then some."
,Recommended,290300,18967053,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Benlor,"Great game. I am 10h into the game and I really enjoy this game. Trading is sometimes a little too dull, you can not trade a whole lot (amount wise), but can still make a profit on it. The main focus of the game relies on combat and thats where Rebel Galaxy is great at. Like in old navy battles you maneuver your frigate, cruiser, destroyer or dreadnought along the battle line and fight other fighters, gunboats, etc. Very fun, very amusing..."
76561198097729322,Recommended,290300,18967149,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,brianne.d.reynolds,"Fantastic game...most of the time. I'm 18 hours in and decided to off-ramp from the story line. I saw that the threats were increasing well past my ability to deal with them. So, it's time to upgrade. However, there's a LOT of price gap between the usefulness of the starting ship and the next useful vessel - sure I can buy the 100,000 credit/dollar/space buck ship, but it's actually worse than the starting ship now that I've upgraded my equipment. The primary benefit to the Rasputin is its quick, nimble movement...only one ship that I saw for sale is even equivalent. So, now I grind for millions of credits/dollars/space bucks because without the grind, the story line and mission exceed the ability to continue.Other than that - loads of fun cruising about and blowing up stuff."
76561197970739339,Recommended,290300,19119417,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Captain Chaos,"Rebel Galaxy is a sandbox space sim from two of the guys who brought you Diablo, Hellgate: London, FATE, Mythos and Torchlight, Travis Baldree and Erich Schafer. After so many years working on isometric action-rpgs, the pair cooked up something a little different. Rebel Galaxy is a tale of space cowboys and pirates set on the fringes of known space. Your aunt Juno Markev has asked you to come out to her neck of the woods to help her out with something. And I'm not saying its aliens, but it is definitely aliens. The flavor of the setting has been compared several times to Firefly, and I'm inclined to agree. The ships are scratched up and very spartan in design, there are bandits, merchant caravans and lawmen, and combat is up close and personal, accompanied by a blusey hard rock soundtrack including Blues Saraceno's ""Evil Ways"". But Rebel Galaxy differs from many space sims you may have played before in two very big ways: one, the entire game is on a 2D plane. You steer your ship with the left stick and aim your guns with the right, which brings me to the second big part- your strongest guns are mounted on the sides of your ship, which I should add, is no mere snubfighter or freighter. No, you begin the game with a corvette, and purchase increasingly larger and better armed ships all the way up to a fearsome dreadnought. The biggest fights are close up, harrowing exchanges of cannon fire like you were in an old pirate movie, or more accurately, the Harlock series. And goddamn is it fun. Some reviews I've read have knocked this 2d plane element, and I can understand where they're coming from, but I think it lends Rebel Galaxy a certain ""space is an ocean"" feel that only helps the overall premise. One particular reviewer said something along the lines of ""it might as well be about truckers in a desert"" which, upon reflection, would be a pretty badass game too. At any rate, you can also have a number of turreted weapons including ballistics, lasers and missiles, as well as a secondary weapon like auto-tracking missiles or fighter-disabling EMP flak guns, and you can designate auto-targeting priorities for your turrets so you can focus on firing your broadsides. You can hire a mercenary gunship to back you up, loot, buy and sell commodities at the station markets or with passing merchants, pirate said merchants or defend them from other raiders, take side missions, hunt for bounties and pirate lords, break blockades, mine asteroids, and join merchant or mercenary guilds. You can also outfit your ship with various specialized subsystems that allow you to, for example, accurately target incoming torpedoes or convert missile damage to your shield into more shield strength. Your actions affect your reputation with the citizenry, the militia, and various pirate factions, A series of story missions take you from one side of the sector to another, and each mission, main or side, is marked with its ""risk level"" allowing you to judge whether to take it on your take some time to upgrade your equipment first. In some ways, Rebel Galaxy is a bit barebones. I played it for almost 40 hours and enjoyed most of it, but you will see most of what the game has to offer after the first 5 or so. From that point on, its mostly about buying bigger ships, more guns, and fighting larger groups of enemies. The side missions, as in any other space sim, are stock ""go here, shoot this, escort that, collect this"" affairs that quickly begin to loop. Thankfully the combat never feels stale, and though you a lot of time early on in warp travel, you can buy faster warp drives as you progress, eventually rendering travel times completely non-annoying. The plot is not nearly as epic as say, Freelancer, but it serves its purpose. If you believe that any time spent grinding is time wasted, then Rebel Galaxy might not be for you, but if you see some grinding as a part of the experience, and enjoy space sims or shooters, Rebel Galaxy is worth your time, especially for the price."
,Recommended,290300,19121340,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Roycehellion,"Great game! It requires lots of mission farming, but being able to choose guilds to do missions from etc is nice. Music is great!- Once you beat the game and max your ship out, there is nothing to do though.  :/ thats my only complaint.- Graphincs are gorgeous.  Was sad the suns were all pretty similar..there are really only two types. no yellow suns.- The ship upgrade system is nice, but there is only a few configurations that can blast away the best.- Story is ok, not great. Pretty predictable.- (Spoiler) once you finish the game, you cant get back to the best system."
,Recommended,290300,18639170,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,limbster,"I live, I Die, I live again.I shoot, i loot, i shoot again.I sell, I upgrade, I sell again.Gosh dang, the only sticking point for me is that the save system is still not understood by myself."
,Recommended,290300,18639304,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,eeki,"Only played 3hrs so far, but it seems to make a lot of fun. The tutorial could be a little in more details. I'm gonna continue playing it and think if you like space themed action-rpg you cant do much wrong with this price."
76561197970680536,Recommended,290300,18652687,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Chimp Militia,Great game.  Great devs.  What are you waiting for?
76561198000405003,Recommended,290300,18652688,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,megaadair,"HelloI've waited so long for something like this game. I love stories and couldn't care less about multiplayer and big honking spaceships just make my day. The story and side mission could use a bit more depth and variety but the game play is great, simple and very fun and visually impressive.If any additional story content was released I'd probably snap it up as soon as i saw it and any sequels would be on my wish list.Thank you very much for this really good game :)"
76561197972709619,Recommended,290300,18652751,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,ShinmaWa,"The game is effectively 18th century naval combat in space, which everything that implies:- Two dimensional movement.    Even though in space, your ships can turn right or left, but can't pitch up or down.- Broadside combat.    Sidle up to your enemy and let fly with side mounted cannons.Even though having a space shooter pinned to a single plane was jarring at first, the game is incredibly solid and polished to a shine, with obvious influences from Firefly, Honor Harrington (even to the point of a having a ship named Manticore), Elite, and Freelancer..... and I would be remiss if I didn't mention that the game has THE best soundtrack I've heard in years."
76561197971251434,Recommended,290300,18651581,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,[MST] Zaphnod,"It is truly a Firefly adventure shoot 'em up.  The music is divine, the combat is challenging but not overwhelming, the writing and voice acting so far are terrific.  Really, really happy with this purchse."
,Recommended,290300,18651641,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Azininvazin,Very fun but can get repetitive. Can be hard some times.  Average selection of ships.
76561198175139057,Recommended,290300,18651783,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,ChubbyFatBoy,"I must say I am a bit surprised i'm giving this game a go. I found myself at the 30min mark having a bit of fun then stopped to play something else. Come back to it now at the 1hr mark and I realize something.....this game seems to be getting a bit tedious. I stop again to resume another game and come back later. Looking at the Rebel desktop icon I come to the realization that even at this early of a start I can already see how this game will get boring quickly. Without even feeling bored I can already see it coming. I pause and think and decide to give it the ol college try and make it past and still nope.Combat was ""eh"", mining I swear was going nowhere (and still don't care for it), trading wasn't a very good option since at the start if you so much as pebble your mighty ship was full in an instant and it all seemed so....not that epic? can't think of a good word. Literally came up on the 2hr mark and the time to decide if it refund or keep. I literally stopped playing for a day and pondered it because the game seemed like it had things going for it. Was absolutely lovely once I got the graphics settings right (gave a different resolution for some reason), combat was simple but effective, everything was flashy, the music and sounds were nice but it just didn't click. But I decided to take the leap and just go with it, and I don't regret it. I believe it was completely my thinking of the game. It's a relatively small download seeming more arcady and simple then anything so maybe I came in with a ""rush, rush, faster"" mindset. Once I put that aside (and a bit bored) I just pushed through and the game opened up for me.Combat although really simple can be as deep or remain as simple as you want it. With ships having multiple turrets areas it's completely possible to play it smart or just brute force a lot of things.  Set some of the turrets for specific enemies or bigger ship armaments with targeting priorities. Play the smart way with shield specific turrets to take down protection then batter them down with the heavy guns. Get extra protection with deflector shields and anti missile armaments because lord knows there will be lots of missiles being shot at you. Outmaneuver enemies and separate them for easy pickings. OR do like me and just go in guns & lasers blazing allowing anything to target anything in a blaze of bullets, lasers, explosions while taking control of certain ones when needed. Now this may all seem glorious and may be revving your engines and fingers to buy but as I said before, combat can be as simple or deep as you want. There's mining but I mean it's mining so it's not rocket science. Although there are ways to help produce better results but I have personally not dipped too much into it. I will say blowing up space rocks is flashy and hasn't gotten old yet though. Trading is simple and straight forward, buy low sell high with different possible events happening to effect said prices.At some point depending how fast you are you will be somewhat at the top of the food chain in not that long of a time but you can still get stomped at times if you get reckless. There are quite a few ships to get some feeling different then others and some unlocked later by doing or becoming apart of...things. Random map events, battles etc and small touches and details that I won't ruin. Overall I think this is a good game that hopefully gets better and in all honesty at some point will wear thin. This is no surprise as the space warrior can only go so far BUT the time getting there has been enjoyable for me at least. Getting that next ship, getting more turrets, better fire power, being able to go right into the fray just tanking everything and watching your lasers just shoot, blow up and just rip apart many a small ship as you focus on the big ones is a beautiful thing. Or just cruising paying no mind and seeing a kill happen all because an enemy got too close and looked at your turret funny.I believe this game is good and worth a buy and what can ruin it is coming in thinking or expecting something it's not. This game isn't ultra deep requiring big management nor is it as shallow and simple as it seems at 1st. The best way I can think of this game is it's like the ""Civilization Revolution"" of the lot. Just deep enough to seem familiar and can get you to think a bit but not so overwhelming to put off more simple people like myself (although I do enough a deeper game at times). Do you research, watch a few vids, take it out for a quick spin cause i'm sure some of you will enjoy it.ALSO! whatever you do, do NOT do swarm missions or things with the words ""swarm"" in them. If your not coming in prepared those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s will rip you a new ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ within another ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥~"
,Recommended,290300,18651965,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Sir,Absolutely loving this game. I've been looking for a space simulation with an adequate economy and this one does it well! Among many other things!
,Recommended,290300,18651973,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Mike,"Rebel Galaxy is a game about space ships, shooting, economics, exploration, and more shooting- but I expect if you saw the trailer you probably already knew that. Here's how I have reacted so far to the game in general:What I like:-Battles are an intense and addicting affair with a good deal of variety to them-Controls feel very solid and responsive-Music fits the game really well-The economy of the trading system is both rewarding and highly dynamic-Quality character modelling and voice acting-Random encounters and discoveries when using the warp drive keeps travelling interestingWhat I don't like:-Little to no lore or interesting background details on any of the stations you visit-The universe in general feels empty at times, as if nothing interesting happens when you aren't directly involved-Most of the ""new"" items you can purchase as you progress are just duplicates of weaker items with improved stats-Escort missions are incredibly slow and frustrating due to stupid AI-Enemy fighters at close range are difficult to target due to how much of the screen is taken up by your shipOverall, Rebel Galaxy is hardly a perfect game but has that magical charm which made me a fan of early space exploration games like Escape Velocity. The fact that I haven't grown bored at all despite the endless barrage of missions required to progress speaks a lot about how fun the combat in this game is. I'd definitely recommend trying this out if you're a fan of the genre."
,Recommended,290300,18652040,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,GuiJay,"Come for the cowboy music, stay for the cowboy music.Also maybe for killing things by shooting lots of pretty lights at them while flying in circles while cowboy music plays."
76561197994862439,Recommended,290300,18650561,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Mavericksfd,"So after 30 hours I finished the final storyline mission without stepping foot into a Destroyer.  My little cruiser with MK4 and MK5 gear aside from the MK6 broadside was enough to get me through the whole game.  Overall I felt like I was back in the Serenity days with the awesome soundtrack blasting my way through space.  As an avid Freelancer fan this game, aside from combat, is a great feel of that era with improved graphics.  If the difficuly was stepped up towards the end this would be a much better game.  There is tons of room to expand with a new story and more locations should they ever want to.  I did zero trading in the game aside from checking prices to see how they fluctuated.  I would tell everyone based on what I saw just act like it doesn't exist.  Picking up ship modules is where the real money is and is easy to do by killing Pirate Lords or breaking sieges.  Simply looting modules is more effective than running any missions unless you need standings.Overall I give this a 7/10 as there is just a ton of room for improvement and left me feeling like things were just missing.Worth the money and great for a solid 40 hours of play.  After that though, you will pobably be shelfing this."
,Recommended,290300,18651207,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,lockdown51,"This is seriously a gem of a 2D capital ship space game. It has a very Freelancer feel to it with a story line that reminds you very much of Firefly. The sound track definately adds to the feeling.Pros:+Freedom. You can go almost anywhere and do anything. Want to be a trader? Go do that. Want to be a pirate. Go do that. Want to be Batman? I guess you could do that if Bruce Wayne built his own capital class space ship. He built a space station, twice, so why not? It's your imagination after all.+Capital Ship Combat. Ever want to command a multi-ton vessel as is slides up to another massive craft and unleashes a devestating broadside? In space? With highly volitile plasma?! This is the game for you. Combat is 2D for you because you are in command of a capital class ship. Fighters and gunboats will still wander in all 3 directions but you don't care. You're in a gorram capital ship! You aren't here to dog fight. Barrel rolls are for poor people how can't afford proper ships.+No Carriers. Sure there are some fighters and gunboats in the game but this game is about a giant mountain of steel doing its best to obliterate another giant mountain of steel with hot balls of light in a beautiful salvo of broadside combat.+The sound track and sound in general. The music really sets the mood. And I say this as a person that usually turns off the game sounds after an hour or so. Not with this game. The music really immerses you that extra little bit to make playing the game without it a crime.+Characters. The Voice Acting is great and the modeling of people is also good. Might be a little limited in variety but the characters that are in the game are their own entities. You can see the tediousness in the traders eyes as you trade with them in deep space. You can hear distain the local militia forces have for you as you ask stupid questions.+Character Creation. There isn't one. This game isn't about you, it's about giant ships. As such, the character creater is limited only by your imagination. You can't find a more powerful creator with that many options anywhere else on the market.Cons:-Camera issues. With how big your ship is, and it takes up a glorious portion of the screen, this is a both a good and bad thing. It adds to the sense of mass your ship has, but also makes it really hard to aim or even be aware of your surroundings.-Some of the UI could use a little work. The trade interface in particular could use a little tweaking to help you out some.-The smaller craft in the game (fighters and gunboats) seem overpowered at the moment. I understand they are suppose to be some threat to the PC, but right now they punch way above their weight class. They are THE threat to the PC, not other capital ships. And they out range capital ships, which is pretty crazy.-No Superdreadnaught or Titan class ships. Personal gripe. I always want bigger ships. And more guns. And bigger guns. I just want a flying gun with more guns on it. Is that so bad?Conslusion: Get this game if you enjoyed Freelancer but wanted to pilot something bigger than a single seat craft."
,Recommended,290300,18649362,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Raetac,"More Space Cow Bell, all that needs to be fixed. Loving it so far"
,Recommended,290300,18649862,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Not Patrick Stewart,"Having just finished off the main quest, I have to say that I fell in love with this game over the past few days. Now? Well, it's still a good game, but its starting to wear a little thin. I'm glad the main quest ended when it did.If you've ever played any of the Escape Velocity games, you're in for a treat here. This is basically what you would get if you threw Escape Velocity into a 3D world (though you can only move in a 2D plane, hence the comparison).In Escape Velocity you had turrets and spinal weapons. Here you have turrets and broadside weapons. I would prefer the option to mount weapons along the spine of the ship, but broadsides are what the developers were going for, and they did it well. The combat in this game is good. It's really damn good. It's challenging and exciting and didn't feel like a chore over the past 23 hours of gameplay.My biggest complaint is actually a pretty small aspect of the game. Mission indicators felt like they were getting in the way of my UI. If I could perhaps turn off the main story's mission indicators, I would have taken this game a little more slowly."
76561198080557769,Recommended,290300,18649941,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,simeonpoker,It's just awesome.
76561198048831585,Recommended,290300,18650166,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Alduw1n,"A well-rounded space sim with the right twist of combat, choiece, and balance."
76561197970807880,Recommended,290300,18650242,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,SilentButDeadly,"It's like Elite: Dangerous but designed to be fun, and a good job at that."
76561198200001370,Recommended,290300,18650365,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Kilos,You can have laser beam broadsides xD
,Recommended,290300,18638391,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Dinoworld112,My views are it's very good game it has a story mission diffrent systems to visit factions uniqure ships upgrades nebulas pirates faster then light travel bountys mineing markets stations cow boy music its just great <3 I recomend this to people who love sc-fi games
76561197977260626,Recommended,290300,18804938,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Firestonex,"If you are a fan of ""Star Trek"" ish combat (a.k.a. dealing with shield facings,hull damage, and broadsides) then this is the game for you. I have spend over 35 hours and not even that far into the main game because of how fun it is. It is ""repetitive"" sure, but that's like saying Mario is repetitive because he is always jumping and running. The game IS a little ""mainstream"" and simpified, which could turn hard core PC gamers off, but if you are interested in a space combat/trading type game and have not experienced more in-depth games of that genre, than this is a perfect game to get your feet wet.10 out of 10, would buy again."
76561198005864877,Recommended,290300,18802387,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,etheral_white_dragon,"This is a very enjoyable if rather simple space role playing game not too difficult to do and would recommend it as a leasuire game for anyone wanting to blast things for a few hours, On a side note to the developer the games role play and story line needs fleshing out some more but over all enjoyable."
76561197970508239,Recommended,290300,18803094,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,5479142,Easily 100 hours of game for uunder $20! Well worth it.
76561198022636528,Recommended,290300,18803353,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Bailey,"Good Game.fighting gets a bit repetative, but loads of side missions to occupy timeAs well as many random events between traveling from A to B"
76561198117537316,Recommended,290300,18860854,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Th3oriesMan,"ITS FIREFLY!!!....ON STEAM! :)Seriously though, a great game for those who love any of the following:Roleplaying as Captin MalRoleplaying as a Space PirateRoleplaying as a Trader/Miner in spaceKilling Space PiratesExploring a vast universeKilling THE ALLIANCE! (cuz ♥♥♥♥♥ dem guys)Being Han Solo (hey; those Jawas need their Narco Cola)Being a Renegade, DGAF ship captian who does what he/she wantsAnd yes...being a 'good guy/gal' (though it is REBEL galaxy, but to each their own...)Simply put, this game is an amazing time for both the time spent playing and the cost (I mean 20 frikin bucks guys). Not to mention the fact that this game runs quite well on both low-end and top-tier rigs.The one thing I'd love to see with this title is Workshop support. For the community to be able to not only create more mission/story content but the ability to create your own ships? Oh yeah, that would be a massive cherry on the top of a giant sundae. Here's hoping for it in the near future :)"
76561198092535608,Recommended,290300,18865747,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,freakymidget79,Wow. just feels good. its just what i needed.
76561198035896294,Recommended,290300,18867139,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,drive95,"You have to get this game! $20?! It should be $50! It has an engaging story line, the ability to conduct trade, choose loyalty to different factions through missions, great graphics, and a nice variety of ships. I was certainly not expecting a game of this quality for the price point.Some people might think this game repetitive, in that the frequent combat might be, but learning new fighting styles by changing up your weapons types keeps things fresh. It is derivitive, games like this have existed before, but it has a nice user interface and I know that I'll get more than my money's worth of enjoyment from it.AGAIN: snatch this game up, especially for the $20 I paid!Cheers"
,Recommended,290300,18863375,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,JackDaniels325,"Rebel Galaxy is a great game that has plenty of good balance to it, though granted I had to remind myself it wasn’t Freelancer* with all its similarities. With the constant reminder that your piloting a 2 dimensional ship through 3 dimensional space that makes use of primary functions for broad fire tactic’s while combatting fighter vessels that can fly in any direction was easy to notice the uniqueness Rebel Galaxy Possess in standing out from the rest of the space games to hit the market.One thing that would keep me engaged as a Gamer is the really good work with the Music Que’s between combat and Station Menu navigation. Yes you still get the option to customize your own music to the game, but speaking as an Audio Editor, there was some really good work into allowing the music to que into the combat scene’s. The music is so good that I even had the pleasure to find the list posted by Travis Baldree on the dev’s website Sound Track List**.Granted I enjoy my gameplay and found myself wanting a bit more in the way of controls, but I constantly found the fact of the simplified combat and turret options in ship to ship combat well simplified. I partly wished I could have been able to explore the stations or board the ships that constantly threatened me to get sucked into space, so as only to just see that I could do it, but still we wouldn’t have had such a well-planned out 2 Dimensional controlled 3D Space Combat game.Pro’s:•	Short but worthwhile story•	Simplified Ship controls•	Great Music Selections•	Persistent Markets when selling commodities – even gives a history on the price of the item, and system average for the entire System you’re in.•	Great Map Design and navigation assistance though lacks a little in cross coordination with other implemented features of the game.Con’s:•	Not Exactly Merchant Friendly: Always a hassle trying to find a price for a single item between all known locations that buy and sell commodities of a certain type. Would have like an option that allowed seeing at a quick list of last known prices at all stations for a single commodity.•	Stellar Mass often times stopping warp while not even in the way of the travel.•	Not all ships are available, can’t truly pilot a fighter or gunship.•	Not able to change direction up or down to evade Stellar mass in a direct collision course•	Not able to properly map Cone of angles for the turret systems being applied to the ships. (Kinda handy when attempting to do mining to know where the laser fire can reach.)•	Limitation to the Components that can be installed on all ships.•	Not able to easily pull up the map when needing to make a quick reference to a station or asteroid mining location when getting info or finding merchandise while in space.•	Limited to a single Mercenary Hire, can’t recruit an armada of Mercenaries.Freelancer*https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freelancer_(video_game)Sound Track List**http://rebel-galaxy.com/the-rebel-galaxy-soundtrack/"
76561197970741143,Not Recommended,290300,18864187,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Bonus Bang,Man this game gets boring fast.
76561197987377879,Recommended,290300,18869604,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,outlawed,Really great combat and control flow.
,Recommended,290300,18882750,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,twineagles,One of the most addicting games I have played since the original Elite.  I try to play only a mission or two then I look up and somehow it went from 10pm to 2am.  Its more addictive than the contraband you haul in game!  And best sound track since RailRoad Tycoon / Firefly!
,Recommended,290300,18883979,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Shinjorai,"I recommend this game because its twenty dollars you get a lot for twenty bucks. I just completed the main story line but you can continue playing after this. My only real problem with the game is that the story wasnt that great and it felt really grindy after about halfway through. I think the game would be a lot better if they lowered the grind on the later portion of the game, because the real highlight of the game is trying out new weapon loadouts and ships and if it takes you forever to get those youre going to lose interest. I almost quit playing and uninstalled at the end but i stuck it out and completed it. Wasnt really impressed with the ending but all in all it was a good game. For twenty bucks or if you can catch it on sale even better i say pick it up and give it a shot."
76561198122464264,Recommended,290300,18877911,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,NattyRed,love this game!Runs well on my laptop with no dedicated graphics cardbasically sid meier's pirates in space with 'firefly' and 'Cowboy Bebop' over tones
76561198127787187,Recommended,290300,18878232,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,dartrunner,Makes me happy.
,Recommended,290300,18874195,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,BucketOfNuggets,"This is a complete tribute to sid miers pirates, except done in space. If you love Pirates than you will dig this game."
76561198090541928,Recommended,290300,18873906,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,ivangr,Great game. It reminds me a little bit of I-War from the 90s. It's great that it's single player.
,Recommended,290300,18868185,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Shadow Moses OG,This is a great game all around. The sound track is awesome. Reminds me a bit of the Old Freelancer game.  Only Con is that you are locked to the y axis.
76561198186512041,Recommended,290300,18868230,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Archenlink,"I'm only a couple hours in, but I'm already having an incredible amount of fun. I've encounrted a few bugs and issues, but nothing totally game breaking, so don't let it put you off too much. If you enjoy sci-fi themes, RPGs and loved the naval combat in AC3 and 4, this is for you."
76561197985890281,Recommended,290300,18889086,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Codename,"Take AC: Black Flag naval combat... Make it 10x better, stick it in space and add a wicked soundtrack, you have Rebel Galaxy. The combat is action packed, the ship customization system is awesome, it is easy to pickup & play and most of all, if you like the idea of naval combat, it will keep you entertained for a while.The only major drawback is the game is short. The main story line felt short, majority of my playing time was spent on collecting credit through side missions. Another minor drawback was the amount of customization. The way you upgraded the ships was awesome (buying/selling prices were equal, you could easily upgrade or downgrade between ships) however, there are only a limited type of weaponry to choose from.None the less, besides these drawbacks, if you enjoy space & naval combat, this game will give you a good fix. Personally I've spent 60 hours playing and enjoyed it."
76561197970270134,Recommended,290300,18889448,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Tectonic042,"Absolutely great fun, especially for $20. I'm a huge fan of the old space sims like Privateer and Freelancer, and this is the first game in years to really replicate the feeling they gave me. I think part of it has to do with its fun ''space truckers' aesthetic, but it helps that it's also fast-paced and arcadey, as well as beautiful.Also, the fact that things are locked to a 2D plane really isn't a problem. There's plenty of room for tactical positioning, and it makes the broadsides on your ship useful and interesting. If you simply cannot stomach the thought of a space sim without full 3D flight, then give it a pass, but c'mon - open yourself to new things!"
,Recommended,290300,18626203,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,FMS,"Well, I'm not one for writing lengthy, in-depth reviews, but just wanted to say that I find this game to be great fun, with one of the best soundtracks I've heard in a game - such a refreshing change from all that ""epic"" music. Brilliant stuff. :)"
76561197981505177,Recommended,290300,18626455,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Jauffins,"This is the game I've been waiting for - space combat is cool, but space combat with really big ships is fantastic. Tired of waiting for Dreadnaught? GET THIS GAME NOW!"
76561198023551302,Recommended,290300,18626550,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,trogman44,"So this game takes a simplistic naval combat style and puts it in space which may seem weird at first but it's actually a lot of fun. The AI for your ship's turrets is intelligent and the enemies are not always a cakewalk. Good variety in ships and weapons. The game has a lot of polish. It's a solid all around good game to play. For $20USD it's under-priced as well. You'll likely get more than 20 hours out of it and most of that will be fun, non-grinding entertainment.Overall this game is a solid 8/10 with an intelligent and responsive developer. You'll get a lot of bang for your buck and have fun doing it."
76561198014033374,Recommended,290300,18626663,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,m2ark,Fun.Stable and polished release.
76561197970934684,Recommended,290300,18624758,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Aetrion,"The good:It's a game that focuses on the fundamentals and does them well. Everything is pretty simple, but makes sense and provides a decent enough challenge. The moment to moment gameplay in this is simply fun.The artwork, soundtrack, and just general feel of the game is great. For how much it costs this game provides spectacular value.The bad:It never really goes much deeper than what it starts as. Customization is pretty limited, and you do eventually end up running the same missions over and over just to raise money for your next ship or the next tier of equipment which is just a numerical boost to what you already have.Overall:Fun game to waste time with. It scratches that spaceship itch pretty well. Not really a particularly deep game though, the main motivation you'll have throughout is just getting a cooler ship."
,Recommended,290300,18624886,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,TUSHAR451,"There are countless other reviews here on Steam on how good (or not) Rebel Galaxy is. But I'm not here to tell you that. What I do want to say is that how well does Rebel Galaxy perform via Steam In Home Streaming? In one word, its one of the better games to play via streaming. Although there were some issues over Wi Fi (as expected), over a wired network it was largely lag and stutter free. For an indepth review, you can readhere."
76561198033530937,Recommended,290300,18624935,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,sselmraH,"Cowboys in space! Awseome spaghetti western style gunfighting spaceships! When you want to play Elite Dangerous, but don't feel serious enough."
,Recommended,290300,18624945,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,GB.Neptun,"The nice graphics, cool effects, solid story and an awesome soundtrack make up a great atmosphere. Combining a the great atmosphere with a fun combat system with some random systems and a premade storyline, and you get a very fun game.There are elements of ARPG with being able to tweak your ship setup, which alter the way you do combat. All the ships looks cool.The game systems has some depth that you can use to your advantage, as an example I saw some people complain that debris can break your warping speed. But you can actually evade some of them by going around them, or even just shift to the side slightly if you are quick and skilled enough.Combat is fun while not being to difficult to learn. Some people will not like that its not full 3d combat with HOTAS support like Elite Dangerous. I don't mind this as it looks like this isn't aimed to be space flight sim game.I'm at 2nd system and has played ca. 18 hours. Been distracted quite a few times with some trading and mining.EDIT: The game runs SUPER smooth on my i5+nvidia 560. 3 years old system.TLDR; Great atmosphere, solid story, fun gameplay. Yes, you should play it. :)9/10"
76561197997397719,Recommended,290300,18625127,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Izzy,Love this game! When i first started playing i couldn't believe how well my crappy lappy was running this game! I have enjoyed every moment that i have played!
76561198035697655,Recommended,290300,18625259,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Elberik,A space exploration/trading/combat game that's actually FUN!
76561198052755076,Recommended,290300,18624208,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Nuvokaan,"blues - rock - stoner; dessert sessions.... simply great sound and optics! this title has the potential to rock! its oldskool gameplay and its not alsways easy, you have to try and try and die, and try - open world. there is no helping hand and missionlog that bugs out every 5 seconds, learn and play by yourself.  :-)musthave!"
,Recommended,290300,18624229,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Jockstrap Manthrust,Its like Firefly had a lovechild with Sid Meier's Pirates.
,Recommended,290300,18624455,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,BeansWater,"I enjoy the game a lot and really appreciate the work the developers have put in post release (Two patches in the two days it's been out).While Linux is not supported (though the developer has mentioned it's a possibility, someday) between patches and trial and error it's pretty stable through Wine and runs wonderfully.The game is extremely scalable, looking great on my Intel HD 4500 work PC and my GTX460 PC at home.The game is a lot of fun as well. If you want Freelancer or Freespace's dogfights and 3D twisting through space combat this may not do it for you, but if you want cruisers and capital ships larger than city blocks to pull along side each other and let off a broadside volley while your flak cannons evaporate fighters buzzing around you this is it."
,Recommended,290300,18624522,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,smitty30,"I would compare it to Assassins Creed ship battles but in space. Much more customization with different weapons that take down sheilds, armor, etc. Its fun with an interesting story thus far."
76561198254486095,Recommended,290300,18626024,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,IJEDIJORDANI,"I was a huge fan of freelancer! and this title caught my eye and so did the price, it didn't disappoint its basically freelancer on steroids, great visuals easy to pickup and learn controls love the turret control and the plain simplicity of it , if your like me and don't have much spare time to sit there for hours and hours on end playing the likes of elite and eve but are a fan of the genre this is for you and the price is outstanding would of easily paid double.visuals 8/10sound 9/10gameplay 9/10"
76561198005719788,Recommended,290300,18643581,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Arse Bandit,"If your a fan of the t.v series ""Firefly"", you will adore this game. Space meets the wild west of america. You can pretty much play however you want to really, either as a pirate, a merc, a bounty hunter, a trader, a do-gooder, a member of the system milita or anything else that comes to mind.Factions are present in the game and you can change your relations with the vast amount of them. The milita, citizens, red devil cartel and others are the major ""players"".There is a lot of replay-ability in this game and each playthrough offers a lot to do. Any valuable free time?, prepare for it to simply cease existing.There are quite the variety of ships to choose form each with their own playstyle and role in combat, ranging from corvettes to huge dreadnaughts bristling with firepower. Also, RAMMING SPEED! is completley viable when you get the right deflector shield. >:DIn terms of preformance, the game is pretty well optimized and I havent experienced any FPS drops nor crashes or glitches in the game so far. The only real issue is with the set up for the graphics being done out side of the game before launch. Other than that the game has rebindable keys for those wanting to change their keyboard set up and is also usable with a game pad as well.Finally lets get some of the ""meh"" points out of the way: 1) such as only being a 2D plain which really isnt to much of a problem (unless your a 3D space I WANNA GO EVERYWHERE fanatic) but a 3D plain would be nice but the game still works great with just 2D, and 2) being only a singleplayer experience which is great but the concept of playing with friends in co-op or being in a large server with many others effecting the world of rebel galaxy together. The possabilites are pretty big. Think player made factions and guilds fighting wars for resources or player made pirate groups raiding player escorted relief convoys that will effect economys in the game and the major factions relations and standing in the world.Overall I would very much recomend this game to anybody who is a fan of si-fi and or western drama with its beautiful world and fun gameplay with a large choice of options and intense ship on ship combat.I hope to see you all out there in this mad galaxy my fellow starship captains! for profit! for reputation! and for being the greatest badasses that this galaxy's ever seen!"
,Recommended,290300,18643809,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Dan,Good
76561198020361069,Recommended,290300,30575170,Posted: 17 March,all,Unluckystone,"Explore.Mine.Trade.Meet interesting people,Then kill them...8/10"
76561197974470693,Recommended,290300,18642848,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Bonkers,"Great game, fantastic, bought it on a whim, great fun worth the 18 bucks, very good open ended fun. You won't be disappointed!"
76561198045713362,Recommended,290300,18643033,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,LeifMTK,i would like it if the pirates stop shooting at me :c
76561198018001082,Recommended,290300,19644512,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,commander_0,"Nice game, great soundtract. Low learning curve. You can follow the story or go off on your own. want to be a trader? How about a bounty hunter, join a guild, it's your chose."
76561198088036113,Recommended,290300,19625751,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,aaron_coe666,"Awsome game, wasnt sure what to think of it at first being that it was only $20 and from an unknown developer but this game has far exeeded my expectations. Great space battles playing as whatever type of ship or captain you want, whether that be a merc, a lawkeeper, bounty hunter, smuggler, etc. and great music for the game I havent seen in a long time on a game."
76561198260793303,Recommended,290300,19643000,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,tennyson.studios.ns,"This game is incredibly addictive. I enjoy the layout of the controls, the strategic combat, the random space battles, and the ability to play the game how I want. The story line draws you in. What I would say to the devoper: please add more content, the potential for this game is HUGE! There are plenty of people that would be willing to pay for an expansion."
76561197976242378,Recommended,290300,19623544,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Tasty Diesel,This game just plain rocks. The music is spot on and really creates the perfect atmosphere for playing. There's nothing much left to say. You won't regret buying this game.
76561198245917254,Recommended,290300,19593841,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Rickdog,when I started playing this game I could not stop until I get the Blackgate ship (Dreadnought Class ship) I had a amazing time with this game I thoroughly enjoyed this game. But only thing I didn't like about this game was the story was very linear single choice dialogue options (but one time) that's about it. I like this game a lot and its fun
76561198028665730,Recommended,290300,19573074,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,samariter.natas,"A fine game. Very easy to handle and learn - not overburdened like many other games of that kind. Well balanced fights and missions. Nearly no time to shout or get angry with the game mechanics. Worth the money and the while playing. Storyline is good and entertaining ... and the only thing sad about it, is when you have reached the end. I sure hope there will be Add-Ons for this game - I wanna play more, upgrade more, achieve more."
,Recommended,290300,19578114,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,SardonicHedgehog,"Straightforward game with nice aesthetics. The mechanics are very simple, which may put some off, but the game is loads of fun."
76561198079475032,Recommended,290300,19675925,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,LordGedeon (Mc vin rouge),"I've download the OST.., listening to it on my way to work.I am not driving a Volvo 240 anymore, i'm the Pilot of an interststelar spaceship!"
76561198141686547,Recommended,290300,19679318,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Zytl,"I bought Elite Dangerous hoping for a good space adventure game. I'm sure it can be pretty fun but after losing my mind trying to control my ship for an hour, I stopped playing. I should have bought Rebel Galaxy first instead.Pros:-The fact this game is 20$ blows my mind, they could up it and it would still be worth the money. The haven't though, way to go devs!-Combat is fun and different layouts change how you approach attacking a group of enemies- It looks pretty good- The soundtrack instantly makes me happyCons:- Controls take a bit to figure out (No where near as complex as Elite Dangerous though)- Missions have some repetition to them (Honestly almost every game has this issue)"
,Recommended,290300,19668922,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,paradigms,"I've played through the first few missions and the controls for this game are amazingly easy to pick up and allow for a wide range of options. The gameplay is fun and the story is engaging so far. The price is fantastic for how great Rebel Galaxy is, it's defintely a game that more should know about."
76561197967296127,Recommended,290300,19681520,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Gluteus_Maximus,"Space Ship Battles are fun, good graphics and good looking game. Missions and Trading get a bit repetitive though. Great soundtrack, really feels like a new version of Wing Commander or Privateer. Definitely worth getting for around the $20 mark.Can get lonely with no multiplayer, but you can always get a hired gun from the Bar!"
76561198025837889,Recommended,290300,19686446,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Jorgee,I'm having a lot of fun with this game so far and I haven't run into any issues yet. I like the feeling of blasting ships out of the void and this game delivers that.
76561198046819821,Recommended,290300,19688242,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,grendal252988,"Excellent game, good graphics, easy to learn, lots of action.  It could use some more content though..."
76561198055572010,Recommended,290300,19688751,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,no_linear2003,This is a MUST BUY if your into space trading asteroid mining and deep ship customization. The graphics are truly stunning  and the ships are amazingly detailed. You won't be short for things to do in the universe either. Take on jobs for different factions  which will affect your alignment and will determine if your ambushed by one of their destroyers and swarms of fighters.Risk is rewarded with your purchase of upgraded weapons and if you earn enough and save up you'll get that new ship youve been drooling over. The galaxy is teaming with ramdomized loot ripe for the picking and rare items that will fetch you big money at the nearest station or wherever they pay the biggest price for it.Asteroids and ships blow up in immensley satisfying ways you feel the impact of the 8 or 14 laser turrets you mounted on your ship. Is your ship a quick and nimble fighter capable of slowly wearing down your opponets shields? Or a gigantic war machine capable of harvesting enemy ships  for their cargo and bounties!I have a hard time believing this is only 19 US dollars its worth triple that in content alone go and buy it now!
76561198144677309,Recommended,290300,19685473,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,GameTryst,"This game is beautiful, has an excellent soundtrack, and the game play is fun and addictive. The  decision to use a single plane battleship style combat was genius. At first I was doubtful, but it plays extremely well and in my mind makes the game more fun and accessible.I enjoy the ability to pick the way you do the side quests and make money in the universe, I haven't delved much into the factions yet, but I'm starting to explore more of the universe.Easily the best 20 bucks you'll ever spend, and this game performs like a AAA title. I'm really hoping they wind up supporting mods."
,Not Recommended,290300,20040300,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Hurricane,"The game is pretty.  I especially like the aliens. The musics are nice (hard rock).The ""missions"" are extremely repetitive (not even their title vary) and the main story did bore me in a a few dialogues.I like the idea of ""naval ship fighting"" but after the novelty effect, the usual way is more to my taste.All in all this is pretty arcade."
,Recommended,290300,20004278,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,farrell1701,"If you're like me, you might have looked at this and said, ""Hmm, could this be like EVE Online?"" The answer is yes and no. While it certainly is easier to pick up than EVE, there are some aspects that could really use more explaining, such as ""If I switch weapons, does that mean the AI will handle my broadsides while I plink away on turrets?"" It also can be rather difficult to concentrate on aiming boardsides, piloting, keeping an eye on shields, and trying to figure out if you should break off your current target and take on the guy plinking you from ""behind"" your camera. A scrollable camera would be quite helpful for that, or a larger HUD radar. Despite that, it's been rather interesting so far."
76561198000531408,Recommended,290300,20002802,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Ginger Beard Man,"I only have about an hour into this game, but I am falling in love.  It has a very similar atmosphere as Firefly, the western in space vibe, which is great.  It looks good, it has very intuitive controls, interesting combat, and plus, who doesn't love a good space adventure?  My only criticism would be that its weird to be in a space sim and be locked to a single plane, but perhaps a full 360 playfield would be overwhelming...or something?  Either way, solid title thus far."
76561197996067036,Recommended,290300,19943209,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,solair130,"This game to me is a simple joy to play.  I have been playing it for sometime now and love the story lines.Although some of the voice actors seem to be just go throught the motions, it doesn't detract from the story.Its well worth a go."
76561198072336810,Recommended,290300,19969950,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Trackelurium,"Okay, so I just finished the main quest and feel like I'm ready to give my 2 cents.First impressions are good! Great soundtrack, the early space battles have a nice intuitive rock-scissor-paper-feel (probably got them in the wrong order).Mid-game, I'm kind of grinding for credits. I need so and so many million to reach tier 6-weapons and to maybe fight the big battles and come out on top. I don't know if I made it too easy, but I went for the fast ""Barracuda"" so I could out-maneuver and out-run my enemies and then pick the fighters of off in bite-size chunks and move in to the ""blind spots"" of the capital ships and just wear them down with ma lazers..  Where was I.. yes the grind! It came to a point where my strategy was sound, but I still didn't feel ready to further the main quest.Lots of grinding later I had my weapons and went in to the much to short late-game and now I'm the hero. And still don't feel like I care about my aunt! I mean, for a game that has the plot-hook, that I want to find my aunt and help her, then they should have focused more on the story-line and flesh out the characters of the game.Most of the missions where fun the first 25 times I did them, except for the escort missions, they NEVER became any fun. While you're in the middle of fighting capital ships and fighters, your escort-buddy up and killed himself. Poor form!The funniest side mission was when a discreet gentleman needed my assistance to reacquire lost items. When I get to the pick up, the cargo is pin-up monthly magazines! The gentleman was shipping dirty magazines and suddenly I understand why I was under oath not to tell his wife. Those kind of quirky side-missions makes me smile. I don't know who that man is, but I instantly like both him and his wife and I'm curious about their relationship and his business enterprise.It's like the developers have good story-writers but they are put on writing up side-missions instead of making sure the follow-through for the main story is solid.If you want 10+ hours of fun, go get it! If you another 10 hours of grind look no further!It's good enough game and I give it my dubious thumbs up. =)"
76561197984681181,Recommended,290300,19349258,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,egibbs76,"This game is really fun.  I'm not sure it has a tremendous amount of replay value, but I really like it.  I've been looking for something similar to MechWarrior 2: Mercenaries for years and this is pretty close, just in space.  You are essentially a rogue captain on a journey to learn what happened to your sister.  This is the main story, but there are a lot of side quests and events to do.  Trade runs, save people, attack rival factions, quests, attack militia, contraband, etc..  I like being able to upgrade my ship, as well as, the armaments of this ship.Also, hands down, this game has one of the best sound tracks ever.  Look it up on YouTube... a lot of really good songs."
76561198108105142,Recommended,290300,19478047,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,samcan244(73 61 6d),a great 2d space combat based gamegood story line and ship designs
,Recommended,290300,19492963,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Arn,"I enjoy it because I enjoy space games like this, and that's why I recommend it. If, from the trailers, gameplay videos, whatever, you think you won't like it, don't get it. It's a lot of grinding, with a poor, unengaging story. But there's a lot to be said for making your own stories, even if you have to make up a lot of it yourself and the game provides very little to support that.The gameplay's pretty fun (though it's basically a sea/navy battle in space on one plane) in my opinion. The options and variety of weapons, shields, etc. are nice, though it would be nice to be able to customize your ship to make it more ""yours"".Overall 7.5/10 for being a solid game, but doing little to distinguish itself from the crowd of other space games. Also grinding. ♥♥♥♥ing grinding."
76561198006982182,Recommended,290300,19490242,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Quadratic,"Negatives:- Lack of innovation. This is a copy of the (working) Wing Commander Privateer formula, albeit in two dimensions.- Balance issues when it comes to weapon choice.- Minor progression spiking issues. For example, there are times when you find one salvage item that is worth more than your next 10 entire missions.- Lack of end game. Basically once you have Mark 6 shields and pulse turrets the game is over.- The decision to make this a 2D game makes little sense to me. It takes away from the astrobatics experience and simplifies gameplay.- Some tedious game mechanics with warp travel. Finding an asteroid belt with some salvage seems meant to be a nice surprise, but in reality it's just annoying because it drops you out of warp and the only salvages (as far as I know) which give high-credit equipment rather than commodities are the ones you take off of ships. The number of times I had to veer just to the right or left of an asteroid and use thrusters to get back into a safe state to use warp drive was far too many.Positives:- Provides good value for $20, especially if you are a huge fan of the series' that it takes from (Privateer, Dark Star One).- Stable. No real performance issues.I know the negatives list is longer than the positives, but I would still recommend the game if you are a space exploration fan just looking for a remake of Privateer without the daunting depth of X3."
,Recommended,290300,19497498,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Teruko,Really enjoy this game. Relaxing and fun. Only sad thing is this: No Trading Cards on Steam. What beautiful things that could be plaved in my messages and profile page if there had been Trading cards.Seriously though. Love the game. Nice to play in a casual pace. Relieve my stress then still have time to get work done in life.
76561197966991317,Recommended,290300,19488381,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Wolfman,"I just loved it. Awesome music and you can include your own cowbow/pirate playlist!Good story, nice grapgics, easy and intuitive market system."
76561198013870632,Recommended,290300,19391600,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,$hady,"Its a great space game, runs great, music is fantastic just buy this right now"
,Recommended,290300,19413869,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Captain Oscar,10 stars.All Round Awesome Value for Money.Great vibe.
76561198148270000,Recommended,290300,19339519,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,darthfinder,"Okay, this is a great game, ive got a fair few hours into it and am far from being bored. However, the game has a lot of things which need to be fixed:- The difficulty system, please oh please fix the difficulty system. For those of you that don't know, when you accept a mission the game tells you how difficult it is based on your ship, which is great. Except it's horrifically broken right now, i have absolutely dominated ""hard difficulty"" missions and been absolutely rekt on easy difficulty missions, the system, to put it plainly, is pointless in it's current state-Fighter class ships, they are supposed to be these little craft which acompany larger ships to help them in fights. However some missions you get only fighter class ships, and they are hilariously overpowered. In a fight of me vs 7 normal sized ships(roughly my own ships size) i can win if i use tactics, a bit of luck and a lot of guns. But in a me vs 7 fighter class ships? Heck no, i get dominated like a david and goliath fight. Let's not forget that these are supposed to be small, relatively weak ships which fight you AS WELL AS regular ship, it makes some parts of the game completely impossible, such as a mission i went on recently. The mission was simple- destroy a chrono relay and any response squad you encounter. The relay was easy, the response squad? 30 fighter ships surrounding my ships on every single direction. They closed in and there was no way to get through them without ramming through one part of the blockgade they had formed, which i did and i was unsurprised to find my shields and hull drop faster than call of duty's sales. Basically the message is this- NERF THE FIGHTERS FOR MY SANITY'S SAKE PLEASE I CAN'T GO THROUGH ANOTHER FIGHT LIKE THAT-lastly, mercenaries randomly dying is a problem, i'll warp from a civilian base and suddenly the mercenary death sound will play and it will give me the message ""your mercenary, sparrow, has ejected"" this glitch costs me 30,000 credits every time i get it so i would be very grateful if you could fix itThose are the only major issues i've found so far, other than that, an amazing space game with huge potential"
76561198046213122,Recommended,290300,19472146,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,American Infidel,"Simple  mechanics but amazing gameplay! A very well put together game. I look forward to any updates or other games that come out from this developer. Solid 9/10, only downside is there isnt much end game content.  Literally my only complaint with this game."
,Recommended,290300,19504489,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Eclipse2025,"Awesome game, great sound track. a bit short, but a good price for $20 cant wait to see this on the consoles and possibly DLC later on. overall based on time played 8.5/10pros: awesome ships, weapons and soundtrack. great for controllers xbox and ps3/4, story is pretty good and leaves areas of interpretation open for possible DLC/sequel. no doubt the second and on playthroughs will be played a bit more aggressive to see any changes.cons: one game is finished and max level equipment and ship is gotten you really cant die and no access to final system after completing quest."
76561198038535547,Recommended,290300,19711430,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Jabbas Seamen,Decent gear
76561198072608944,Recommended,290300,19524087,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,wango.manuel,"Ok i just now finished the main storry line and i have a few things to say:the gameplay mechaniks are realy realy fun i havend enjoyed a gameplay like this since i first played with the graplinghook in just cause. it is seriusly enjoyable. there are only one two bugs in the game and i think every month the devs release a new patch. and there are planty other good things to say about this game.the only point of critysism for me is how short it is. you get pushed out into a huge gallaxy in one smal ship and its like there go do what ever you want you earn money you buy better ships better wepons then you rech thet point you have enougth for the largest shipp buy it and then it is like ""and what now?"" you realy dont have the feeling like you had enougth time in this galaxy. i would just wish for more ships and a lot more storry i enjoyed the storry it is just verry short.but thet are things thet might be fixed so in any way i can only recomend this game"
,Recommended,290300,30642161,Posted: 20 March,all,crazyone8186,Fun game but don't expect too much. Fly around blow stuff up. Rob some traders save the galaxy and move on to the next game. Not a lot of replay-ability but it was fun.
76561197985226368,Recommended,290300,19808754,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,ashaman16,Super awesome.  Moar please.
76561198037115658,Recommended,290300,19668088,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,DillHoleBaggins,Greta game especially for thje price
76561198162216444,Recommended,290300,19707287,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,kufan13,Great game for the price.
,Recommended,290300,19645832,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,PooFyk oJ ☣,Very exiting and enjoyable game! But only for one person(
,Recommended,290300,19705988,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Isahdor,"i love this game, loved it the moment i picked it up, sure i get frustrated with how some ships handle and how you could be warping and suddenly just stop cuz a rock is kinda close to you, but whatever still a great game"
76561198078990884,Recommended,290300,19704354,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Dark Strider,"One of the best space sims i've played in a long time. But there are a few issues, but they are minor at best.Issues:1. No paint jobs for your ship. You can't change the color of the ships. Be nice, but not game breaking.2.Money, there is none. The next ship above mine has a price tag of 15.5 MILLION credits. The best sales of mining goods: 15k. Jobs: 6500-25000. One neted me 131k, but my ship was in ruins after the job.3. NO HIGHT ADJUSTMENT! If you are a mining sort, you'll be useing laser turrets. Problem is, most ships have turets on the underside as well as the upper decks. To bring all to bare, you need to either have a ship with all turrets clustered which sucks in combat most of the time, or park around 2km away so you don't swiss cheese your own ship. And just because youe are locked on a 2d movement, does NOT constrict the asteroids to stay on your level. So now they are out of your firing arks. It does simplify movement, but it would still be nice.In review, just be ready to get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you in a cute bow for a few hours then you have to go through a warp gate and repeat the whole cycle over again. This game will gring you down, and you will thank it and ask for round 2."
76561197971335016,Recommended,290300,19703589,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Suudy,"Great game!  Has the feel of Strike Command mixed with Privateer mixed with Freelancer.  This is _exactly_ what I've been looking for for years.  Open ended (do missions all day), yet directed (do the main quest line).  Graphics are top-notch, great performance (I'm using an older MSI laptop with an older GTX 680M), and excellent soundtrack.  Has a flippant tone, but serious when it needs to be.  Well done game.The only beef I have is with the controls.  Mixing the warp (E) with tractor (also E) was frustrating until I finally remapped the keys.  Also, flipping to the scan mode seems redundant, and should be mixed with the 'pulse'.  But other than that, very easy to control and a pleasure to travel.Highly recommended!"
76561198010177451,Recommended,290300,18803798,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,dessnr,"Excellent, almost Freelancer type game.  It ain't Freelancer though, given that you can't really fly freely through space...  You're glued to a leveled plain, but the game is a lot of fun with plenty to do, that's for sure.Given the lack of content that Elite: Dangerous suffers, albeit all kinds of pretty, I much prefer Rebel Galaxy, or even Endless Sky."
76561197997935705,Recommended,290300,18806297,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,"=_=""","Its a good game, plenty of things to do but there are some issues. This is for version 1.05/1.06.The Bad:-Escort missions can be buggy and get stuck on sublight...can fix by exiting the game and restarting.-Mission difficulty indicator is wayyyyyy off. Average difficulty mission where the enemy litterally decimates your allies and you in seconds....yeah average... other times its on You should die trying this mission and....I live to tell the tale...yeah my tiny frigate vs a dreadnought and I take it down w00t....broken-This game just spawns enemies to surround you for certain quests so matter how many scans you do you get pwned.-Quests can get very repetitive, grindtastic-Banter is also very boring from the mercs and enemies-Constant haling in the same fight for surrender from enemies even though I have told them to jump....every ship hails you....-Buying a destoryer, you think gave you some awesome hull plating but no....it brings the paper you used for armor on your old bloody ship to the new big ship why?!?!?! Then you have to spend another  couple of million credits to bring your ship upto scratch with hull plating and shields-Mining ships that litterally do not die, 10 mins of combat not a scratch wtf....can take down the destoryers around but not the mining ship.....balance issues-I wish they had a few more people play through to test this-Patch recently reduced the number of Metoric Diamonds in game to make them rare but how rare does it need to be honestly, I have had a quest with me now for ~30% of the game time because the diamonds are so rare and I need 9...i have 6 or 7 after that many hours mining...trading fml-Crap keyboard mouse controls, seriously just use a gamepad saves you the grief-Some explosion GFX is really bad...like its from the 1990's of gaming.-The commidity market never seems to replenish stuff or its so slow its hard to notice.The Good:-Nice GFX-Nice sound track, but boring after 20+ hours of it so its nice to see the custom music option.-Fun, for the most part-Quick Patching-Lazors!-Missles!-Easy to run off my laptop on Max details 680M GTX for reference"
,Recommended,290300,18806435,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,vader75,"Its a great game if you want to fly around galaxy doing missions and upgrading your ship. Random generated content is good. For some it may become repetative after a while as its all about credits and upgrading your ship. Of course, complexity is there in selecting the right ship for your play style/number of weapons and types (it gets more complex as you get to select additional ""addon components"" or imporvements).There is an ever changing economy, and reflects well that sometimetimes offloading you cargo i.e. selling will become difficult. Opportunities galore in respect to observing economy issues such as war or economy rush system situaltions.There is also a story to follow (your long lost aunt). It a well made shoe in to get you to travel to other systems.Overall, the game is feature reach and broadside sink ship like fighting (depends on which ship you may have to which boradside capability you may have) is fun.But I must admit it gets repetative, it has to be like this in order to keep you playing. Think of it as a game you can jump in for few hours now and then, it is not on par with MMOs, its single player space adventure game.This is reflected in the cost as well, a good price for a title like this (its a good thing).I recommend it, and now that windows version has custom music option (hope OSX will get the same), you can load you favourite tune(s) in the game.:-)"
76561198007470557,Recommended,290300,18804929,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,TriXx,"Well done. Give it some time to draw you in, and you will find yourself attached to this game. Game play, story, the sound track, it's got the whole package. Thanks for a job well done DD."
,Recommended,290300,18809497,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,finnen78,"Immersive pew pew game, like the old starfleet command games but on steroids :) one ship million oportunities and armed to the teeth.can you survive? :)"
,Recommended,290300,18829672,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Ev3rM0r3,"If you could merge the playstyle, the weapons, the combat, explosions and warp of this game with eve-online you would have the perfect Sandbox MMO.  This game pretty much gave me everything eve couldn't; which is total immerision, a sick soundtrack, and made me feel like I was in real combat.  Not just sitting their with automated missles that never hit.  Didn't have to worry about drained power core just watching my shields/hull and knowing when to deflect.If this game ever has an MMO spin off I'm sold.Would play 100 + hours again. 10/10"
76561198125856736,Recommended,290300,18813721,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,NeeffSteeff,"I always wanted to be a space pirate...Fun things to do while in space:- Blow up the economy of a solar system by selling them everything they need, prices drop like a brick!- Try to go to large unknow solar systems and get blown to bits!- Get stuck in an icefield while in hyperspace- Negotiate with pirates and then blow them up- Blowing stuff up... all the timeGood soundtrack, and a nice extra feature is that you can add your own songs, DISCO PIRATE FEVER"
,Recommended,290300,18811433,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,TomServo3k,1000000000000/10 soundtrack
,Recommended,290300,18811792,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,RagingTeaPot,"Best game for the money on Steam, full stop. If you liked Freelancer and you love epic space battles without the 400 page training manual for EVE then this is the game for you. A casual gamers dream come true, let's hope they add MP and playable factions - that's the natural evolution for this game."
,Recommended,290300,18781262,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Birdtalon,Incredibly good title with an engaging storyline and immersive universe. Must have for any fans of Freelancer and Firefly out there as well as people who like a decent roleplaying space sim.Really great game does almost everything well.
,Recommended,290300,18781442,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,JimmyJamNYC,"If you are like me and remember the good old days of Wing Commander and purchasing your first CDROM drive for your PC, this is the game for you.  While I own Elite I've found it daunting to play.  I bought a fancy joystick and throttle and still find myself crashing into stuff. I also own Star Citizen, lol.Anyway, the gameplay is easy to catch on with, the 2D plane sounds like a limitation but if you are looking for a more casual but still exciting space pilot experience, this is it.  Gamepad suggested.I'm enjoying this throwback with beautiful graphics.  I love the look and feel of this part of space.  And don't get me started on the corny sappy but truely freaking awesome soundtrack.  Do they time the big bass sounds to me knocking a big bad guy out of the verse?  Don't know, but it always sounds like it./tldr I love this game"
,Recommended,290300,18781545,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Nolic0321,Love the look and feel of this game.  Soundtrack is amazing and fits PERFECTLY with the game!  Love the action and the simplicity of flight controls.  Flying a 2d plane 3d space is implemented well!  Big fan of Freelancer and this game definately takes me back!!!
,Recommended,290300,18765014,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Rocka,"Started up the game.The music was so loud, but SO Good!Couldn't stop listening and enjoying the intro until it stopped (never)!10/10 Would do it again!"
76561198160560080,Recommended,290300,20648176,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,hylocks,"Great game, challenging very interesting consept"
,Recommended,290300,20535884,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,randog,"In a better universe Double Damage scores the rights to Firefly and like, maybe 8, 9 more rippin' slide guitars. In the meantime this game is tall ships in space with lasers and mad good music. Nothing more need be said."
76561198009201928,Recommended,290300,20565706,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Daytripa,"Absolutely love the game overall.  Other reviews comparing this to Freelancer caught my attention.  The story side of it does remind me of it somewhat, but the reviews comparing combat to the naval combat of Black Flag are spot on.  Story is good but fairly short, would have preferred a more free flight approach with space combat, and would have liked something a little more challenging once you get the better ships/weapons.  Fantastic game for the price though, and the music is pretty awesome but wears on you after a while.  Good game with a lot of potential, but something about it keeps me coming back to it."
76561198008130980,Recommended,290300,20571113,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,robertmi,"For any of you old enough to have played Origins Privateer, this is the recreation of that fine game with all of the flashly graphics that we have come to love!  It is very similiar to Star Point Gemi 2 but that game fell flat as it didn't bring ""it""...  This game ladders up with your ship increases making you always wonder if this simple mission will turn into your last.  Plus it has that addiction like quality that makes you just want to find out what will happen in that next mission.  Add to that the freaking outstanding soundtrack and you have one H&LL of a game!While the game isn't perfect it has that same fun that was achieved in the old classics.  Yes, it is two dimensional but they play it well to make it feel three dimensional with fighters and gun boats flying over and under your kick♥♥♥♥♥ride.  The upgrades are rather generic but as I stated previously it just doesn't matter due to the fact that if you move into another sector and they have higher level gear then you had best have money to buy it now or high tail it out of town... if not you will die.One quick tip... spend your hard earned money on defenses first, guns second and engines third.  If your shields and armor are up to snuf you can run and live to fight another day.For the $20 dollars it is well worth it!!!"
76561198091787187,Recommended,290300,20563489,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Tlaloc7,9/10 would broadside again.
76561197961860435,Recommended,290300,20592881,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Whyte.Oni,"Space exploration and combat from the veteran developers behind Torchlight!What they have been able to do is distill the key elements that make up the genre and present them in a simple to play format. This game is immediately engaging and offers compelling loot and ship upgrades that keep you going. However, this game is not a TIE Fighter, space dog fight sim. You control a capital ship and operate in only 2 dimensions, making it play more like a naval comabt game. At first I was a little taken aback, however the game soon won me over and I hope it wins you over, too. I love this game for many reasons and hope it becuase widely successful ensuring Double Damage continues to create great games that are easy to pickup and fun to play."
,Recommended,290300,20578073,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Spooky Pacifist,"I'm gonna make this review simple.If you like to buy cargo from stations, transport that cargo to other stations and make profits by doing so, to get better ships, than this is the game for you. If you like to comeplete campaigns and fight baddies, then this is the game for you.Beautiful visuals, absolutely incredible BGM, and great gameplay.-Pros:+Good voice acting.+Beautiful visuals.+Incredible rock/blues BGM (Background music)+Easy to get the hang of.+Perfect traveling time.+Great 'map' size.+Warping feature.+Tons of optimizations for weapons, boosters and defence for your ship.+You feel badass doing anything in the game.+Tons of missions.(Tons more that I missed)Cons:-It takes a while to go short distances without using the warp drive.-Could get boring warping around to stations and selling items.-Short storyline.(I personally don't think It's boring at all)-----I honestly had a hard time thinking about the cons, I really see nothing bad with it!One of my favorite games already, and I love space.If you love space trading and fighting, then this is the game for you."
76561198049245659,Recommended,290300,20582393,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Cubano,"Shortly:If you ever wanted to try ""Space the final fronteer"" in a single player, this is it.Good feeling of space travel, vast space, firing your main guns from sides and not to the front (like in old pirat movies).Lots of bad guys and freedom - you can be a mercenary, pirate, trader or just yourself doing a bit of everything (meaning being a mercenary :) )."
76561197971545786,Recommended,290300,20600984,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Kneel for me[DK],"Consider this game as Eve Online, just in an arcade version, without the multiplayer aspect.I simply love it!"
,Recommended,290300,20599359,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Killer Kitty,"Rebel Galaxy is Sci-Fi western with naval-like combat. You can spend your time doing mercenary work, doing trading or doing the main missions. This game does alot right but still gets certain things wrong so the rest of the review is going to be broken down into a list pro's and con's just to speed things up.Pro's:-The soundtrack sounds bad♥♥♥♥♥-Gameplay is solid-A decent variety of weapons and ships, but keep in mind that I haven't gotten far into the story yet, I gotten to the next sector-Exploration is minimaly constricted-Story is enticing so far-Lots of cool land marks i.e moons, suns, and very weird looking planets-Great graphics for the ones who careCon's:-Easy to get pulled out of warp and subwarp-Not many people play the game, keep in mind the last time I checked at the time of this review, about 347 people were playing, which is sad because its a really good game :{-Can be extremely frustating and can be fairly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t at times. *cough bombers cough*-Can be farely grindy and boring when trying to get equipment and other frigates to use in fightsNotes:Don't let the lack of player deter you, it doesn't effect the gameplay, i just wish more people played it. Also, the game is a acquired taste, amny people will like it and many won't, it just depends on your preferance"
76561198188579625,Recommended,290300,20598040,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,mrinnovation,"After 100 hours of play I can honestly say it's a well built game good for at least 20-40 hours of fun play for most people. The main story line is good albeit short, and carries you through many hours of play.Combat is exciting and challenging even when you reach dreadnaught class ships. After that it can get a little tiring running the same missions. Changing factions and doing new things like pirating etc, are fun and keep you going.You will find very little if any bugs, and the game has never crashed or become unstable on this system.All in all it's a good game, and well worth playing if you like space games."
76561198061955363,Recommended,290300,18633452,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Null_Unit,Firefly the game and I like it!
,Recommended,290300,20509655,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Sinner666,"GREAT Game!Its a fun Space ARCADE game. that being said, Dont expect Depth such as EVE online. Expect fast paced shooter up with medium customisable ships and ability to buy bigger space crafts. Music, f-ing ROCKS, game play is awesome! but it does get repetitive after day 5 that you play this lol. still it has the ability to suck you in.I give it 9/10."
76561198032980006,Recommended,290300,20511497,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Triggered3918,"Actually a good game, longer then I thought it was but it was still too short.  Where's some DLC on it for more levels or ships, something?"
,Recommended,290300,20533859,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,johnny.killstring,"Watch the trailer.If it makes you wince, or bores you, skip this game. If it makes you grin stupidly, buy it.I grinned. And have continued to do so in my playtime."
76561198031799238,Not Recommended,290300,20558776,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Luis,"to random, to underpowered at the begin and the fight system is just horrible. I cant fly to my third main mission because there are allways enemys that are way way more powerfull than I am and flying away is not really an option because you cant get into warp while you are near enemys.Had 20000 cash, bought the best weapons I could get for that, didnt make a difference.My ship cant navigate up and down but enemys can?? what should be the fun in that? (i knew about the ""boat fight system"" but its just not fair that enemys can do things you cant)+ nice optics+good soundam I doing something wrong???"
76561198045339837,Recommended,290300,20552032,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Jousted,"Ehh...I will just barely recommend this. I like the gameplay (simple, but effective), the ship designs, and the overall graphical feel hits the mark. However, the lack of story and dumb (though often hilarious) AI may turn people off, and I wouldn't blame them.Controls seem tight enough, once I got used to them, and the lack of a z axis to move in is fine with me. It allows for some tactics, such as hiding behind asteroids to regroup and attack the enemy, that I otherwise feel I couldn't easily pull off if the enemy could easily move above or below me (I'm talking the main ships, small AI fighters don't have this restriction).I don't have a huge amount of time to play games, so the simplified but tight combat, and decent upgrade system for the ships - who doesn't love upgrades? Nobody important, that's who - make this game enjoyable and relaxing. I've only really gotten blown up once, and that's because I was stupid.So, tl;dr:Pros:+ Combat, simple but nice, more like ""boats in space"", but not necessarily a bad thing.+ Upgrades. Everybody loves upgrades. Wait, you don't? The heck with you, you don't count.Cons:- Story. Wish there was more to it.- AI. I both love it and hate it. Hell, it was an enemy ship bashing into his bro and finishing him off that was one of my highlights of my gaming week. At the same time, it keeps the game from feeling as immersive as it could.In conclusion, the gameplay is nice, but the story will likely make the game boring after just a little while. However, it's a fun enough ride so far that I'll give it a thumbs up.Take care, everyone, and Pew Pew!"
76561198118888431,Recommended,290300,20636454,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,feminist404,"Rebel Galaxy is a stunningly beautiful and smooth to play. The soundtrack really gives the game a ""space cowboy"" feel to it and I never tired of the music even after hours of gameplay. This game is worth the money.That being said, there is plenty of room for improvement. The main quest thread, while intruiging, fell a little flat with characters that I never really bonded with and an ending that felt... unfinished. The systems blurred together into a sort of ""sameness"". It never felt like I was anywhere new and other then slightly more powerful ships to fight, I never really needed to know where I was anyway. With all the ovious beauty, color, and art talent on this team, I was suprised not to see more planets and variety. Where are the habitable worlds? What about gas giants and ring planets? Where are the location descriptions on docking that make me feel like the places I visit have some personality? The ships, on the other hand, were done very well though, each felt artistically distinct and I enjoyed the variety. It would have been nice to have some variety in mechanics though. The weapon selection was somewhat limited and I didn't feel like I had to carefully equip my ship to survive. You either outleveled your opponent or not. I ended with an enormous capital ship, which was cool, but found I had no fighter bays. I found myself limping across half a galaxy while fighters far from my reach fired a stream of engine crippling torpedoes at me.In closing, this game has great potential. But, it could take a few tips from old, relentlessly addictive space trading and exploring games like Ambrosia's ""Escape Velocity"". Factions that matter would be nice to see. Factions with territory would be nice to see. Planets and space stations with some location information would be nice. A greater variety of technology, that you actually have to work hard to unlock would be super! How about some alien weapons? Cloaking? Or alien ships? How about the ability to board and capture ships? Have your own fleet? Dominate space stations and make them your own? How about... every once in a while... when your ship VASTLY outclasses some random bandit that warps in to fight you... they hail you and show a little damn respect?"
76561198029948055,Recommended,290300,20638149,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,milesprower06,"In short, buy this game if you're looking for:- Naval-style space combat on a two-dimensional plane against capital ships ranging from frigates to imposing dreadnaughts, ripping them apart with your broadsides while your smaller turrets attempt to deal with the fighters and bombers, while positioning your ship's quadrant-based shield and armor so the strongest side takes the hits while the weakened side recharges.- If you run from a fight just to upgrade and return to slaughter everyone later.- An endless supply of side missions to fund those upgrades.- An economy that highly encourages you to experiment with different weapons. Weapons, defenses, and components transfer to any ship you purchase. Don't like it, just swap it back for a full refund at anytime.- A game where bigger is not always better. Smaller, faster, more maneuverable corvettes, properly upgraded, will see you through nearly everything but the last set of missions, where your lack of 20 broadside turrets won't allow you to crack the shields of the bigger ships of the final missions.- If you don't care about a forgettable, anti-climactic story, because the rock 'n' roll and dark country makes you feel like an unstoppable badass anyway.- A checkpoint-based death penalty. Other than sending you back to the last time you docked, death has no ill effects. You will get a lesson in humility when you're doing your fourth mission in a row without docking, only to watch your hull turn into swiss cheese.All in all, this is a rather entertaining space-based swashbuckler that places gameplay and action above narrative."
76561197982303184,Recommended,290300,20613330,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Satchus,5/7 - Awesome game
76561197970511982,Recommended,290300,18595002,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Leato,love the soundtrack.  Simple play but fun.  I would recommend.
76561197988563116,Recommended,290300,18594139,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,stevelewis83,"Well there goes my lifeYes its not 3D space flight but I got over that in about 5 minutes.Story is kinda cool so far- apparently you have a crazy smuggler aunt who disapears and leaves you the access codes for her old ship (kinda like when you were 16 and got the keys to the beat up old polara).  On top of the old polara she left you a dirty ball thing with a random bartender.You get the ball and the world goes to crap (at least it did for me- guess i shouldnt have blown up the whiskey guy)So far ive decided screw mining, blow up the miners.  Sell the stuff I salvage and buy bigger guns.And for the guy who posted that his ""high end laptop"" wont run this- theres something wrong with your system- my lame little HP with a pinto for an AMD processor and integrated graphics runs it dam well.  You have a virus or something lagging you down- stop looking at porn :)Im only like 5 missions in so take my word for what you will- BUY THIS NOW- blow stuff up- die alot- blow some more stuff up- and tell npcs ""Why should i pay you, ill just blow you up and take it.""If at some time i find something wrong- ill update my post- now go take that polara and conqure the galaxy :)"
,Recommended,290300,18594162,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,GetSchwifty,"This is the space sim I've been looking for! It reminds me of the old Freelancer games. The control scheme is fairly easy to grasp. The dogfights are quick, relative to other games ( I'm looking at you, EVE and Elite ). I love the space-cowboy music in the background."
76561197998881490,Recommended,290300,18594222,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,nerd.o.love,"Really fun at the moment, not sure if that will change. It is quite challenging, especially when you get small armada's of fighters on you. But that moment when you barely squeek by with everything smoking and pull out a W...totally worth the numerous times ive had to reload lolWell see if it gets grindy eventually. For under $20 this is an absurdly well done game though."
76561198042052246,Recommended,290300,18595184,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Fat Yoshi,"Very fun, very addictive, very much alot of explosions.10/10 would explode again!"
76561198034312737,Recommended,290300,18595220,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,neandertal,"Big thumbs up from me.  love the soundtrack, its very much in the style of the firefly series.  game play is not bad, fighting takes a little getting used to."
,Recommended,290300,18595545,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Aeternitas,"I can recommend this game for anyone who doesn't mind a space combat game that is actually only on a 2D plane. The characters are well animated and voiced, even if the story seems a bit dry, and the music fit the style of the game well! I wanted to love this game so much, but my heart fell when I realized that it wasn't actually a ""Six Degrees of Freedom"" type of game, and the combat just didn't feel that good to me. So in short, don't expect a full blown Freespace or Elite: Dangerous experience, but it is a wonderful indie title, just not the type for me."
76561198104250553,Recommended,290300,18595561,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,aav2141,The best way to describe this game is a combo of Eve Online and Firefly.Pros:Easy to learn if you are a hardcore gamer.The Soundtrack. I wish more devs would learn the lesson that variety is key.Ship vs Ship Combat.  Been a long time since I have  grinned at being mobbed.It is fun.   What more can I say.  You won't regret purchasing this title for your library.Cons:Others have pointed it that objects can stop warp.  A minor nuisance.It is probably just me but I wish the game mechanics involved 3 dimensions.I can't  fault them for side missions being repetitive since almost every game has this problem and it is rare when they don't.  All in all I bought this on a whim and so far I love it.
,Recommended,290300,18595680,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Baz,"Its well optimised, runs well on my crappy pc. Good buy; I just hope they include steam workshop in the future"
,Recommended,290300,18604765,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,axessdenyd,"Only played for a couple hours so far, but I'm digging it.  Reminds me a little bit of Freelancer, but it realy seems like it's more fun and there's more to do, even though there is no Z axis to movement.  The combat is more strategic than most, with turrets and broadsides needing to be put into play--more like battleships than traditional space battles, but that is not a bad thing.  Doesn't hurt that the music and graphics are both fantastic, either."
76561197994321686,Recommended,290300,18604820,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,markelphoenix,"I can't rate this highly enough. Picture broadside capship combat, meets firefly, meets Privateer. <3 Love"
,Recommended,290300,18605377,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,TheMattonator,"Holy Amazing!Ok so reading all of these reviews may build up a bit of hype and while the game is great, its not necessarily the greatest game ever.It is one of the best game values for your money, some sort of a story line (searching for your aunt?)  is at least present but, most importantly, it really is best described as AC Black flag with space ships.Customization is great as far as equipment and such.  I do wish there was the option to paint your ship assuming I'm not an idiot and didn't miss that.The soundtrack is great with that meaning its along the lines of rock/classic rock which makes keeps your energy up.  My experience comparison is to that of Sins of a Solar Empire... the music alone could make me stop playing the game.To me its more like, I'm a badass! With a space ship!  Come get some! and lets rock out to that!not, oh hey... could you pass me that mozart cd so I can sit blowing up stuff with some somber tones running in my head...zzzzAnyway, this is as close as it gets to feeling like you're really out in your battlestar galactica or star wars destroyer taking on the skum of the universe.There is some travelling but the space is populated and plenty of things to run into or die from on your own.  I have a knack for running into red threat levels and practicing reloading the game.The earn money and upgrade your ship works really well, you do need to do some main missions or use your map to find missions.  Flying in a particular direction works too however, you may find you run into near or sudden death encounters with ships you clearly underestimated.Another way to describe this game is, its like FTL but you dont see through your ship and in order to jump, you best run like hell to reach a safe warp (jump) point!To summerize:Pros:Easy to play and get to the action (and die lol)Thank god its in 2D because handling a 3rd direction would probably make me sick and be overwhelmed (may be a con for some)Very good graphics to the point where it looks great and is playable on lower end systems.It still plays beautifully and perfectly smooth at 4k with a 980 Ti.Simple but robust upgrade options.Targeting is pretty easy, the AI can manage some of your guns as well.The universe is alive, even if you did nothing but fly around you run into stuff and/or cool planets with bases.Theres a story at the very least.Awesome sounds and an upbeat sound track.  Your ship makes most of those cool sounds you want to hear when you change directions or power up your warp drives.Great Value/Price makes this hard to beat!Cons:Limited view options (may not be a con but locking the view closer or further would be nice).Just to add in case a developer reads this, if there was a cockpit view I may have to change my pants every time I play.  That would be amazing and with using the broadsides, having the camera switch to whichever side you're moving your view stick to would be an idea.Unable to paint or color your ship.There are a lot of ship choices but I wish there was a variety of each class (not a big deal).While there is a story its not the most elaborate story or intriguing.  Something more along the lines of a mysterious cosmic disturbance was felt among the universe and a new alien race or super weapon is rumored to be the cause.  Among the warring factions and those at peace, spontaneous attacks from a new enemy emerge and along with your journey between the factions in space, do you suddenly run into unexpected encounters from this new weapon or race.  . . . . just my thoughts, some pulled form mass effect which was great up until they ruined it.  There is just more there to be desired but I'm happy to at least have a story.No multiplayer...not a big deal but would be fun to do missions or visit solar systems with a buddy.  Doubling the enemies per additional player would seem sufficient.Final Thoughts:If the developers are still paying attention (hoping their sales numbers are great or better than expected), this is a great game and starting point that so many others try to achieve and simply fail at.There is a lot of potential here and simply adding more star systems with harder difficulty and additional story would hopefully not be too much trouble if DLC becomes a future ambition.I was bored or at least overwhelmed with EVE and it really wasn't enjoyable having to basically learn how complex the game was...especially when you only have a few hours to play periodically.  This game strikes a great balance and at the limit of 2D movement however, I think it was a perfect choice because you can focus on battles! and Blowing stuff up!I am very pleased with this purchase and with so much room to add on or improve (even when it is already done so well already) I think it is something worth expanding on.None the less, you will have a blast if you go into this game expecting a space game with simple controls a little travelling here and there (typically no more than 1 minute in the first map), and small battles that grow to epic as the game progresses.Considering fast indoor go karting costs 20 bucks for 10 minutes.... this gives you a whole lot more with some speakers and a subwoofer .... you will be the next Han Solo in your SS Pea Shooter as I named my ship.Enjoy!"
76561198029463443,Recommended,290300,18605452,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,HerrVonKrieg,"Well first impression is this.Its in space, sweet, but you cannot manuver on all 3 axis.  only left and right. very planer view.  but its recommended use of gamepad, may mean I'm missing something, but I don't see any options for pitch or roll. Ok so be it.  its not a true space sim in that sence.  It still seems kinda fun.  the first space battle due to story line was very reminecent of Pirates!,  alot of circling and broadside attacks.  the auto turrets take care of those pesky fighters or you can take over and blast those little buggers yourself. kinda fun and the percision mode adds some targeting skill.  the only thing I do not like is the lack of ZOOM.  you cannot zoom out.  so your ship takes up most of the screen. (I was constanly scrolling my wheel trying to get a better view)  so manuvering around objects around becomes a little panicked when proximity sensors pick up something and you have to attempt to steer around and fight at the same time.  due to fact you can only view what direction your pointing the camera this can be a little challanging. but the camera swivels like a top and is very responsive.   kinda curious to see if the scale changes when I can afford the larger ships.  or am I going to have a screen full of my ship. Now this is only my first time playing for approx 30-40 min.  overall graphics,ambiance,and backgrounds look pretty good it looked great on my 40"" 4k monitor at full res and high settngs.  I am definently going back in to play."
76561198001418172,Recommended,290300,18605602,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Kosemartin,It's cool.
76561198117228416,Recommended,290300,18604416,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,IC-OSIK,"This is easily the most addicting game I have played in a long time.  Wide variety of ships and equipment, both offensive and defensive, each with it's own pros and cons, and great music library.  Speaking of which, if you want to listen to your own tunes... you can.  When you launch the game, you can have the game look in certain folders fo combat, ambient, in-station and menu music, with another option to mix your selections in with the default music library.  This is the first game I've seen that allows you to do this.Anyway, that's enough typing, gotta get back in the game :)"
76561198034291320,Recommended,290300,18622189,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,kai_falanx,U like Firefly the TV Series?U wanna be Smuggler like Han Solo!?U wanna drive a Battle Star Galatica like Ship?Then u MUST play this game!! ^ ^ What u waiting for ? check out the Trailer and see it yourself!! lol
,Recommended,290300,18670822,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,adappergeek,"This game was sold to me as Firefly/Serenity the game but a more accurate description would be Sid Meier's Pirates in Space complete with trading, factions and pirate lords. The soundtrack as well as the eccentric characters you come across made me realise why people were calling it Firefly the Game but that's about it. Only a few hours in and it seems to hold up quite well although, I would like some more customisation options for my ship instead of just the weaponry. Overall a great indie space title and definitely worth the purchase."
,Recommended,290300,18670824,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,ChalkyHat,Me likey.
,Recommended,290300,18670911,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Transcend2030,"A really awesome game with trading, exploration, fighting and mining. I have always found games like Eve, X3 and other similar space sims difficult to get into, often feeling overwhelmed. This game is very easy to jump straight into, is gorgeous visually and has a lot of interesting things to do. I hope they take this formula to success and expand on it with expansions, sequels and hopefully we'll see more games taking the same or similar approach in the future."
,Recommended,290300,18669640,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Potzi,"This game, is something special to me... Perhaps it's nostalgia since this what this game is at heart, is a gritty darker-themed, third person evolution of the Escape Velocity game series. So far, disregarding minor technical issues that are getting fixed all the time, this game for this price is TOO good to pass up. Worth every penny!"
,Recommended,290300,22325346,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Emma Bear Gnomes,"Pros:+ Naval style broadside combat.+ Graphics are as good as a AAA $60 title. (On my Rig at full settings.)+ Plays smoothly. (On my Rig at full setttings.)+ Faction reputation matters. (You can only dock at faction stations you are neutral with, or friendly with.)+ In game trade economy. (Aka you can pull a fallout and barter between stations.)+ Maps are really, really big.+ Random events. Such as attacks, and distress beacons.+ Nice soundtrack, and also allows for custom music paths. (Aka you can play your music through the game.)+ Has a launcher. (I miss launchers.)Cons:- Can be repetitive after about thirty or so hours.- Warp prohibited by stellar mass.- No difficulty toggle. (Though missions do have a difficulty rating based on your ship upgrades.)- Space is your only playground. You can't go and wander about the planets.- Travel times take a bit. (Due to map size, and spacing of objects.)- Sometimes those random attacks whoop your booty.Overall I really enjoy it. It gets repetitive, yes. Though it is still a fanominal game in my opinion. It's a great game on sale, and off sale.Edit: Modding the game can ruin it. Just a warning for those thinking of installing that one PAK file that gives you 500m Credits after the first job."
,Recommended,290300,21149636,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Retribution,Ugliest spaceship models ever... but still it's nice to play :)
76561197986324837,Recommended,290300,18688834,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,GhostFace,"Ive played thousands of hours of Privateer / Freelancer, Wing Commander series all the way back to Frontier on C64. After reading the reviews I almost didnt get this but decided to give it a try. DONT let the fact that it is broadside combat turn you away.  If you're a fan of freelancer.... you should enjoy this. What I like about this game that I didnt like about Freelancer are the missions.  Ships and upgrades are great. Commodity trading seems ok also. Mining and the effects are pretty cool aslo. Ships interface is great! Took me a minute to figure out scanning though. This game so far is great IMO. Keep in mind this is a $20 game and not $60. its packaged well for the price and updates are constant. Worth every penny of my $20 so far. Oh! The music...... I dont like it one bit but they let you customize music. MECHWARRIOR 2 sound track for Idle music and Ace Combat ZERO for combat music along with the 1986 Transformers the movie soudtrack and your good to go."
76561198072091523,Recommended,290300,19496055,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Deetchroit,"I bought like 20 games during the steam exploration sale, and have not played any of them except for Rebel Galaxy(partly because im waiting on my new rig to run most of them)10/10 would pick the wrong fight again.---EDIT---I stand by my positive reccomendation, but i must say this;THE VOICE ACTING IS LIKE A SLOW AND STEADY EXPOSURE TO RADIATIONIts not BAD, per-se, but its so lifeless sometimes that after being forced to hear gibberish spat from a butthurt baby Murath who doesn't know how to keep his pride and Mark I weapons in his pants makes me want to both go on a killing frenzy and avoid them entirely in the hopes that i never have to hear their stupid ""This isn't over"" one liners before the explode.Why the ♥♥♥♥ would you say ""You're tearing me apart!"" to the enemy?! Are you trying to encourage them to kill you faster? To get some pity? Its so stupid!So far i've muted all the music and sound because it tends to get REALLY old after a few playthroughs. The music is good, but it's not good enough to listen to the same 3 songs EVERY SINGLE FIGHT. Sometimes it doesn't even go away when the fight is over!If it weren't for these things, then i would stand by my 10/10, but after playing it for some time i must bring it down to a 7/10."
76561197986871400,Recommended,290300,22352457,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,banditks,"Overall it’s a fun game, it’s difficult enough you can sleep walk through it. Interesting story thus far, good choice of weapons, and other ship upgrades. Would be nice to see more variety in the choices of ships, more of each class. Maybe some way to have more impact on the really cool world. be able to establish star bases, planet bases, and AI controlled fleets to create your own faction that you run. give them basic rules, aka good guys to help the militia, traders, miners, pirates, private military, and so onMy question is, will there be ANYTHING more to this game? or is it just a one off? any DLC or full sized expansions?"
,Recommended,290300,22317535,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,NotSoRetroJakko,"So i litterally just beat the main story, and I had such a blast playing it i thought id write a review.So what is Rebel Galaxy, in short awesome, in full its a free roam space game set on in the frontier of colonised space, with aliens, pirates and loot to be had. The combat is so different to what most space games try to pull of and thats BROADSIDES, just like naval combat of old, but with turrets added in too, so combat feels smooth and refined unlike most games ive played. Storyline is also quite fun, with a scaling difficulty curve that dosnt ♥♥♥♥ around if you dont bother upgrading your ship and weapons, did i mention BROADSIDES. Anyway characters are abit shallow and could do with more development to them, but the voice acting for an indie game puts AAA to shame.Another thing is the worldspace, or should i say space space, cause its freaking huge, i thought it was just 1 solar system until i reached the point in the game when i got a jump drive and was told to go to the jump gate. Which once again scale in difficulty the further through the systems you go.Did i mention BROADSIDES.Bug wise i only encountered 1, when i was in my dreadnaught♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up an entire fleet of Korians until i went near a small moon, my ship freaked out and i exploded, sending me back to the last station i used.Oh ye forgot to mention there is no manual saving, every station you dock and undock with it saves and every time you quit to title, bit odd but it adds a bit of survival in the mix when your limping to the nearest station on 10% health because you though you could take on a destroyer in a light frigate.The music soundtrack is also freaking awsome, while it can get repetetive you wouldnt care, because it truly make syou feel like a space cowboy on the frontier.Im not a score giver guy but overall i would heartly reccomend this to anyone who enjoys space games, and for £15 its a steal. Great work Double Damage, hope to see more from you guys especially at this standard of work."
76561198211099261,Recommended,290300,22362097,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,yoga4life84,"This is an awesome game. There is an abundance of options for how you want to get through the gameplay. There are several side stories and mini-missions, and a main story line. The combat system is pretty decent, and the storyline is very intriguing. I encourage you all to try it."
,Recommended,290300,22493411,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Marvelous Mint Manipulator,"The only game I play where I see a ship five times the size of my ship and I rub my hands with glee thinking ""LUNCH TIME"""
76561198050195648,Recommended,290300,22332093,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Slasher,Awesome game! Loved every minuite of it! Not sure about the ending though...
,Recommended,290300,21587097,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Winter Is Coming,So many little things you can do in this game to have fun. Really appreciate the attention to detail. Good balance of trading/combat/pirating/mining.
76561198047657798,Recommended,290300,21584139,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,RobDogg 89,very addictive gameplay if a bit repetative at times. good soundtrack... made better with the option of adding your personal music. like controller support.
76561198073776164,Recommended,290300,21678752,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,CheekySasquatch,Best star wars game ever
76561197990276441,Recommended,290300,21791832,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,ZeroOne,Great Game...Had a Blast Playing threw.Hope Theres a DLC or something more to add to the fun!
76561198034544658,Recommended,290300,21672116,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Starslayer,I have played many space sims in my day and this one is different from all of them.  It is a little tricky to get use to but once you get the controls down it is addictave and really fun.  If you like Space Sims than this is for you!
,Recommended,290300,21766268,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,The Great What,"If you're looking for a game where you can explore a vast galaxy, then this is for you.huge solar systems provide hours of fun, blasting around at warp speed and blowing lesser spacecraft up, or visiting stations and buying up huge amounts of stock, before selling them elsewhere for huge sums of credits.Or travelling from system to system tracking down pirate lords. whatever you want to do. You can!pros1. vast area to explore2. huge space battles involving craft from fighter to dreadnoughts3. unreal soundtrack!4. space cowboys.5. that soundtrack really is something...cons.1. the story itself isnt that great.2. the number of ships and customisations whilst at first seems vast, is actually lacking.3. those fighters are hellspawn4. the difficulty seems to have no pattern, one moment you're crushing hundreds of capitol class ships, the next three fighters have blasted through your shields and hull in a second.Overall. i would definitley reccomend this game to anyone who has ever played astrox, or Elite dangerous. and anyone who is looking forward to No Mans Sky.Space Cowboy out"
76561198052317091,Recommended,290300,21620576,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Aethelweard,"Freelancery.That is a BIG complement.Shame there's no multiplayer.The 2D thing is a bit of a let down too, and having played through the story, it is a bit short.Nonetheless, it was fun while it lasted! And it's still good for a potter around..."
76561198029309288,Recommended,290300,21758927,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,tommypies,"Awesome, just awesome, The simplification of cutting out the vertical dimension and the broadside combat structure initially had me worried, but this game nails what most space sims really miss, a real playability. The controls, missions, upgrades, distances (the time it takes to get places)  are all so well balanced adn deliver a gameplay that I'd almost given up looking for. Second best to this, the ease of putting your own music into the game (different sets for different scenarios) . I would recommend this game to anyone. Big thanks for the developers!"
76561198043890323,Recommended,290300,21434612,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,albino_munchkin,"A very fun and well polished action-oriented space sim (no clunky spreadsheet nonsense, but enough trading and customization to provide some options outside of shooting stuff) that unfortunately falls into the same trap that every single space sim inevitably does: Once you've finally got the biggest, baddest ship in the galaxy with all the best upgrades, shields, weapons, etc, there's essentially nothing left to do. Especially since you're likely to finish the (extremely uninspired) main storyline well in advance of that point. Not that this specifically makes Rebel Galaxy any worse than other space sims, as I mentioned this problem is essentially endemic to the whole genre. And I did thoroughly enjoy the progression up to the endgame but, as I said, there just isn't enough endgame content here to continue playing it past about 50-60 hours, and there's essentially no reason to start a new game unless you somehow ridiculously ♥♥♥♥ed yourself over in the first hour or so. I do recommend it because, as someone who is constantly starved for more space sims that arent merely spreadsheet simulators, it satisfied me for a couple of weeks. But it's still not the holy grail (read: a version of x-3 that didnt suck, a freespace 3, other space sim pipe dreams, etc) that we've all been waiting for."
,Recommended,290300,21466216,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,interfusion,"Fun and totally worth it, but low replayability in my opinion."
,Recommended,290300,21577746,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Darthbob,"Fun casual space shooter.2d plane of movement; lots of ways to progress: Piracy, trading, mercenary work, missions, exploring for junkfields.Really fun to play. A bit disapointing if you want to follow a great story, it just ends via a dialogue choice like in the first few steps of the game.Other than that it's good. 27 hours to get to the last tier ships (OP as hell)"
76561197977824585,Recommended,290300,18596676,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Braunbär,"do i use the refund for this game?NOI played this game for a little 1h+ and i like it. These are just my first impression--- NEGATIVE* The only disappointment for now is the realization that you are not able move your ship in 3D space. The similarity to ships on water is not just for the fighting, but also for the movement in space.    You are not able to move your ship up and down. Which is ok, if you get over the initial disappointment if you were expecting otherwise+++ POSITIVE* freelancer / cowboy bebop vibe* soundtrack (dunno yet if it gets too repetitive )* you can upgrade weapons / buy new ships , to get more bad♥♥♥♥♥* fun"
,Recommended,290300,18596752,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,CommissarSCV,Look no further if you enjoy the ship combat of Sid Meier's Pirates! or Assassin's Creed 3/4.  A lot more customization and a smoother feel.  Use of a gamepad is strongly recommended.
76561197967563951,Recommended,290300,18594344,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Bali™SergeantBlaze,"This game is so fun and addicting! Didn't think I would be this into the game but I am. Good story and good combat. Haven't tried mining yet but I plan to down the road. Thumbs up to the developers for a great game. For $20, you cannot go wrong. Great purchase!"
,Recommended,290300,18594457,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Underwhelmed,"Fly through the universe, seek out strange new worlds, hunt bounties, listen to guitar riffs, and teach sexy aliens how to love.Marvel at the amazing work of a small indie studio, who out of nowhere have created the best successor to Freelancer we are ever likely to get."
76561197986137699,Recommended,290300,18594572,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Alois,Wonderful
,Recommended,290300,18594580,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Josephus Maximus,"I'd say this one delivers the bang for the buck. The random maps and some other things make me think there is probably some good replayability, but I'm thinking even if I just finish a single play through I'll get more than my money's worth.Great production values for a $20 game. The voice work really adds a lot to the game to make it feel alive. There's more depth in just about everything than I expected. Except the actual flight... it is 2d. But that's just fine by me and it may even work to the game's advantage. The broadside naval-style combat works and seems pretty good.I haven't noticed any technical issues in the two hours I spent with it so far.Seems like it might be bigger/longer than I expected. I'm not out of the first system after two hours and I think there were around 10 systems when I looked at the map. I haven't kept the pedal to the metal for progressing the story but I haven't screwed around a ton either. I also see very expensive things to buy I won't be able to afford for quite a bit longer without major windfallsTravel can seem a bit slow, but I have yet to play any space game where more time than I liked wasn't spent just getting where I want to go and it isn't very bad here.The bit of the story I've seen so far is decent.8/10 - Only because I haven't played enough to *know* it doesn't have any major shortcomings."
76561197975424998,Recommended,290300,18594643,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,TDATL,This game is good but the music makes it great.
76561197968835832,Recommended,290300,18594819,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Tiberius,This is the best game I've played in years. And the price is a joke. Stop what you're doing and play it.
76561198031633288,Recommended,290300,18594831,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Transam15,This is a realy fun adictive game. after purchasing it  and downloading it at noon i look up and realize  11 hours has past  . i would recommend this game to anyone who like  naval style  fighting
76561198030897356,Recommended,290300,18594871,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Archile,"Best space\space ship simulation game to come out in a long time! Reminds me of Freelancer with the look and feel and the combat is fresh and AWESOME!! Still learning the game but the developers REALLY put a lot of thought and heart into this game. First purchase I have been excited about in years!!The combat is VERY different than any other space game I have played. Different from ANY other game where you control a craft that fires projectiles except maybe an age of sail game! It is broadsided firing mixed with controlable turrets mixed with system components, like the deflector which absorbs incoming damage on activation, and a bunch of other features. You have to actually ENGAGE in combat, even more so than a typical arcade shooter system!! Its intense and the feeling of popping another ship, even a fighter, is satisfying!!The other features of the game are astounding so far. HUGE systems to explore, random encounters, the feeling of actually EXPLORING space! I cannot wait to get home tomorrow so I can get back into this gem!!Thank you Double Damage, for making a game that takes traits of previous great games, improving upon them and adding a TON of more great stuff to it!! I would have paid $60 for this game and $20 is a STEAL!!"
76561197970651382,Recommended,290300,18594884,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,OniellNZ,A mix of Firefly and Iwar 2. This is a fun and engaging game.
76561197965833952,Recommended,290300,22643173,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Peekaboo,Awesome game. Though the story is a little short.
76561198046325914,Recommended,290300,22728775,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,ZedRedliner,AWESOME game!! lots of action if you want or trade or even mining. Beware of the pirates. Good luck and flay safe......or not.
76561198120401184,Recommended,290300,20023781,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Zarno,"This game is one of the coolest 2d naval combat type games I have played btw their is still 3d models, But I have put around 25 hours into it so far and from what I can say I'm still playing it and having fun this game makes me feel like a space cowboy, It makes me feel like hon solo, and it makes me feel like a rouge on a good day Its just awesome.And as an upside their is about 21 ships you can use also the sound track Omg the sound track8/10 my pov 9/10"
76561198047576300,Recommended,290300,22706122,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,wieszczus,"Nice, easy and relaxing. Reminded me about Firefly. Great music and graphics!"
76561198048266616,Recommended,290300,22527251,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Nolij,Fun space cowboy adventure. Great soundtrack with easy to master ship combat. Feels like a great tribute to Firefly. I wish the story was longer but I enjoyed it anyways.
,Recommended,290300,22604474,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Bluray Charles,"It's not complicated.  It's not going to win a Pulitzer for its writing.  It's not going to strain your reflexes or brain.  But it's fun.  If you're looking for a space trucking/shooting/mission game that doesn't make you split the atom or juggle 99 hotkeys, then here it is.  Seems too simple at first, and to be fair at times it kind of is, but it's got a nice charm.  Stick with it a while and it'll grow on you.Use a controller if you have one, even if you're a fan of keyboard+mouse.  It's designed for it, and well.  Works great with the Steam controller."
,Recommended,290300,22601117,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,LiveOak,This is the first game review I think I've written.  This game is excellent.  If you enjoyed Sid Meier's Pirates then you're going to love this.  It's pretty much Pirates in space.  There's a basic story to push you through the game but it's not what you'll spend most of your time on.  You'll be taking contacts to do pretty much whatever you want as a guy with a ship flying around in space.  There's a well pitched arc on upgrading to the next level of weapons and next better ship that took me about 24 hours to get through to the end of story.  I got up to destroyer class with all top weapons by the end but I took a lot of time on the side questing because it's a good time.  It would be great if they introduced a co-op or multiplayer for this.  Serious gametime fun.  Great soundtrack.  Looks so good.  First game in a long time that I really wanted to play when it was game time.
,Recommended,290300,20863508,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,CobraGuru,"Absolutely awesome game. Ok it's mono plan movement but except this, that makes the game easier to play (for those that are not used to 4 dimension play).I like the idea of broadside fight like the old sea boats.I like the blues music and all the music in general. The graphism of space are also greats.The story is interesting but most of all, plenty of side missions available, you can play on the justice side or choose to make friends with all those cartels and syndicates of pirates ;)The choice of ships is good also and to be able to buy the monster destroyer you'll need to play lots of side missions and earn lots of cash. I also like mining, trading ....Update April 2016 : I made 2 videos, 1 introduction and one advanced review you can find here :https://youtu.be/zF64pIKJtAohttps://youtu.be/v_7LFezfgC8"
,Not Recommended,290300,20901395,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Droknar,"Really bad mouse controls. Acceleration or smoothing, don't know, but it's definitely not 1:1 input. +Max camera rotation speed is limited. Can't even be fixed via ini-file. Lately implemented ""Fast mouse"" option doesn't make ani difference, it still feels really wrong. It's a bad console port in terms of mouse controls."
76561197962822175,Not Recommended,290300,20900391,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Indie Shibe,"The game feels a bit like an arcade version of Elite Dangerous.And it would probably be fun, but this is the first game I have every played that don't let you invert the x-axis for the camera view for the controller. You can invert the y-axis, but not the x-axis?! Who came up with this?As I'm used to the inverted axis for the camera, the game is basically ""unplayable"" (I can of course play it, but I don't have fun when the camera always moves in the wrong direction) for me. This could easily be fixed, but ppl asked for this several times and this should be standard for every controller based game."
,Not Recommended,290300,20887458,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Greg,"I really wanted to like this game. The premise seemed interesting and I love the atmospheric qualities of the music and graphics. The one big thing that I can't get past is the lack of a vertical plane. I was baffled that this would be a thing as the most basic of flight simulators have vertical planes and this is space we're talking about. Anyway, that lack of a vertical plane makes combat incredibly tiresome. These combat mechanics would be right at home on a tall ship/pirate simulator, but it really limits my interest here. Also, the story and procedurally generated tasks are a little too transparent and grindy for my taste. Overall, I'm kind of let down, but this game shows a lot of promise and I am going to be curious to see what they put out next."
76561198059364749,Recommended,290300,20904333,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Lobster Surgeon,"This is the not totally starpoint gemini kind of space game I've been waiting for a long time. It has the satisfying raw tactical combat you expect running security missions in EVE but with the heavy handed Naval combat of world of warships/Assassin's creed, It has the really quite nice looking graphics that you'd expect in such a recent release, and it is just so very comfy. A huge bonus to this game is the option of creating a custom playlist for different parts of the game right from its launcher. The vanilla soundtrack makes you feel like you're playing a game set in the Firefly universe.TL;DR Starpoint Gemini w/ Naval style combat. Looks like EVE, Feels like a lovers embrace.Must Buy."
,Not Recommended,290300,20861695,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,DeLuman,This is the most fun space sim I've played since escape velocity but I can't recomend it because it has crashed on me 5 times in the past two days trying to play it.
,Recommended,290300,20861186,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Dr. Feelgood,"If you like westerns and space, this is fantastic - A well thought-out and put together space-faring, free-roaming adventure with a frontier twist, and a fleet of fully upgradeable ships that you get attached and hold onto for as long as you can as they slowly become your very own Millenium Falcon.Pros:+ Great controls (played w/ Keyboard & Mouse)+ Kick♥♥♥♥♥atmosphere + soundtrack+ Great value for money @ full price+ Broadside battles+ Getting attached to your ship+ Warp done well+ Asteroid Mining done well+ Massive battles that accommodate massive ships+ You can dtich the Storyline early on and easily fill your time with exploration and Side Missions/GuildsNeutral:~ I wanted more at the end~ Multiplayer would've been icing on the cake~ Would've loved to see some of the game from a first person/Bridge view~ Can only hire 1 Mercenary/Can't build a fleet of your own~ Ship paint jobs would've been cool to see, as I ran into myself a couple of times in battleCons:- Instances of getting absolutely slaughtered early game in Missions that were designated Low or Very Low ThreatSpent 90% of the game with the Icarus ship (named ""Rebel's Belle"") and finally traded her in late game to finish the Main Storyline @ 24 hours, using the McKinley (named ""Rebel's Belle Mk.II"") w/ 50/50 split of Mk.V Particle/Mining Laser Turrets with everything else upgrade to Mk.VI."
76561198039624513,Recommended,290300,20887835,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Nevix,"I just completed my second playthrough of Rebel Galaxy, from the basic starter ship, to a Dreadnought, and through the main story twice.I really enjoy this game. The combat is relatively simple and accessible, but does require skill to master. The weapons provide a nice range of options for strategies, from missiles, to beams, to projectile weapons, each with a different strength and weakness.The story is enjoyable, not the greatest story every, but fun, and I like Trell.This IS a space sim, and does have the limitation of having mainly cargo shipping, mercenary, or escort missions, plus a few other types.It's good enough that I want to play more. I'm hoping for a sequel that adds a greater variety of ships/missions/stories, or for DLC to expand the stories of this game.It's fun, and for under $20, I recommend it."
,Recommended,290300,30697113,Posted: 23 March,all,marox,"I started this game fairly recently, only last week, and got addicted. And I'm not talking the sissy ""I love to play it and don't really wanna stop"" kind of stuff that I've had with a lot of games, I'm talking properly addicted. I think about new strategies for combat constantly, getting excited when I can play it, and don't even get me started on the soundtrack. I'll give you this much: I may or may not have moaned at one of the songs.Now, this may not be everyone's cup of noodles, but, this game is great for people who enjoy:- Wide open-world with endless sidequests- A lot of different configurations for ship design- The ship-to-ship combat of Black Flag- Grinding for money to do more story and sidequestsOn the Black Flag thing, I have to say, I thought Black Flag's ship-to-ship combat was perfect. Then I played this and realized that I was wrong on that.This game, though, is not that much fun for people who want:- Quick leveling and upgrades- Out of ship interaction (First/third person walking around)- A large variety in combat systems- Large multiplayer"
,Recommended,290300,21067824,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,d_anilo,"Rebel Galaxy is a fantastic value. Beautiful environments, perfect gamepad controls. The dog fighting is a lot of fun without being painfully hard to learn. Navigation is confined to 2D space, which adds some constraints to simplify gameplay.If you like trading, shooting and exploring in space, you really can't go wrong here. Progression feels really satisfying--your ship bulks up steadily, while challenges mount. It's very well tuned to keep you in the groove of difficult-but-fun. The save system is strict but raises the stakes of your adventuring and dangerous encounters--without being overly punishing.My favorite piece, though, is that the game lets you customize its soundtrack. I grew weary of the bluegrass after awhile, charming though it was. On a lark, I stuffed in my own soundtrack, drawn from Mass Effect, Battlestar Galactica, Babylon 5 and Homeworld 2.The result was so much fun! Shooting up space ships to the tunes I associate most with space battles was such a joy. Especially the Homeworld stuff, which is some of the best space music I have. The game is also smart about its music selections, pulling from different directories for combat versus exploration or idleness.This is a fun, lovingly crafted game that's very easy to customize to your exact musical vibe. If you like space, you'll have fun."
76561198042638761,Recommended,290300,21066263,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Velos,"I have no clue why this game hasn't garnered more media attention. It is one of the most refreshing, accessibly deep, and fun games I've played in quite some time. The developers are sitting on a freaking goldmine of an IP. I fully expect this to be a Triple-A series in the future... and if it doesn't, it should be.It's like Eve mixed with World of Warships mixed with Pirates!. It's oozing with personality, looks great, has good music (though you can customize your own soundtrack if you prefer... BOB!), a high degree of polish, and the combat had me literally giggling as I perfected the art of assassinating capital ships and darting out of the swarm before the bad guys could react. There's mining, pirating, smuggling, trade, mercenary work, and plenty of upgrades all happening in an open world. It's a game you can jump in and play for 5 minutes... or 5 hours. Oh, and there's a completely competent series of voice-acted story missions in there too. But what really ties it all together is that it somehow the game makes you feel like you're the actual commander of a little (or big) ship zooming through space wacking pirates while trying to eek out a living and getting to the bottom of a family mystery.And that combat... Balancing speed, shields and armor, deflectors, broad-side weapons, point defense guns all while navigating a crowded battlefield is just way more fun than it should be. Not to mention the different ship types and weapon combos that lets the player customize their favorite way to conduct combat. Big Massive Missile Boat? Ok. Small fast laser frigate? yup. Fast and agile blockade runner? Suuuure. Do it your way.Im not all that far in but am just totally infatuated with this lil game. I say 'lil' because I got it for only $15 on sale ($20 normally) and yet it plays like AAA game.  The only thing 'lil' is the price because there's enough in there to occupy more time than most big budget titles.So to wrap it upPros:-Great Combat-Great Visuals and Effects-Open ""World""-Upgrades, Ships, and Customization-Customizable Dynamic Soundtrack-Accessible-Runs amazingly well on lower end systems (Which I have)Cons:-Movement only in 2 dimensions (Though it adds to the accessibility of the game)-Umm... it doesn't spit free cookies out of my DVD drive?Bottom Line. If you like space games, action, or fun buy it.A++++++++ would obliterate pirates again"
76561198007628459,Recommended,290300,21068486,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,LTdaz,"Great game. At it's heart, RG is a traditional space trading game in the likes of Elite, Privateer, X etc. What really stands out for RG is its deliberate direction away from the core sim experience of those aforementioned games. RG strips itself of the complex sim-y fluffs essentials of the genre, namely the trading, upgrading, fighting and occasional quest undertaking. Hell it even takes away the y axis, leaving only the ability to manuver in a 2D plane. Some reviews mentioned that the same isn't true with other ships and that's somewhat accurate but their 3D movement is still fairly limited (think the pizza box arenas of Star Trek Legacy) and for the most part your AI opponents ability to move above or beneath you isn't totally unfair. Also like ST Legacy, your ships are large size vessels not the turn on a dime fighters you would expect. Combat are more reminiscent of ship battles in AssCreed where large amount of capital ships firepower are directed to the side not the front. The music is worth mentioning in that it's not your typical scifi affair. It's southern rock, like in Starcraft or the show Firefly. The story is mediocre with some surprisingly decent voice acting. The production value is also unexpectedly high with good visual and sound. RG is also relatively bug free. The few complaints I have is that a lot of the missions are very cookie cutter, which is kind of to be expected considering the budget. The game is also fairly shallow, but the combat is visceral enough to keep it interesting for the 10 hrs I've put in so far. I also don't think the interface is as intuitive as it could be; took me forever to find out that the ship advanced functions are hidden in the system pause screen and not the command screen where I would put it. There are couple of similarly strange design choices in the game, but those are just nickpickings. The game is thoroughly entertaining if you ever fancy yourself as Han Solo or Mal Reynalds, especially for $13~15. You could do worse on steam."
76561198054044736,Recommended,290300,21068664,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,ccohen,"Have you ever been attracted to the IDEA of space sims, but been unable to figure out impossibly dense controls?  Do you love the IDEA of piloting a massive battleship into battle, but can't deal with stupid 3D loop-de-loops?  Do you just like pretty explosions and badass slide guitar music?Then this game is for you.It's a pretty standard space game setup-- fly around the galaxy trading, mining, fighting, what have you.  Upgrade your ship, buy progressively bigger and badder ships, rule the world, and so on.  The twist is that it all takes place on a 2D plane.  Objects float around and ships-- especially fighters-- fly every which way, but you only have to worry about one dimension.  The basic play is pretty much like Assassin's Creed 4: Black Flag.  You hold down the button to charge a broadside, aim a bit and fire; hit your shields to brace for impact before taking return fire, and so on.  There's a bit more, with turrets and different weapon types and hired mercenaries, but that's the basic idea.  It's easy to get the hang of and fun to play.  And, you know, it looks pretty, the soundtrack is great, and it's nice to have a third person view of your ship instead of trying to make sense of things from a cockpit view.tl;dr: If you want to fly a battleship in space without wrapping your head around complex controls, this is for you."
76561198108707060,Recommended,290300,18630085,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,archeolog108,"I usually don't review games, but it is fun, although I am currently on a break from Elite:Dangerous (until Horizons).Great music, combat, missions, replayability. I play good guy. Money well spent!"
76561197991560209,Recommended,290300,18630728,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,kaboooom2000uk,"Not bad after playing for the first 4hrs, I don't like the constantly looping music. Could have had more variation there. Gameplay is sound however. Economic system works great when trading, and missions are not too challenging, Enjoyable."
76561197987964801,Recommended,290300,18628926,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,OgreBeard,"A scoop of Firefly, a hanful of Pirate-sim, a dash of Star Trek (would be Wars but lacks that touch of mysticism that the Force brings to things), stir vigoriously, and expose to the void of space for a few hours, then serve with a rather pleasing sound track.Was a little surprised by this, was expecting 3D, gut-churning, space combat (something like Elite or maybe EVE) but by restricting the game to a 2D plane you get the feeling more of a pirate simulator (AC: Black Flag is the closest thing that springs to mind) especially with the broadside cannons. All in all, well worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,290300,18628979,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Outlaw Gene,"Firefly with Assassin's Creed ship battle controls. Amazing soundtrack. Play this game, it's well worth the small cost."
76561198050583537,Recommended,290300,18629129,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,windrunnr,This game reminds me so much of the old Wing Commander spin off Privateer and Righteous Fire. But this is everything we ever wanted Privateer to be. With better graphics and a bad♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack I absolutely loved the game.
,Recommended,290300,18663708,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,wurzle,"Assassin's Creed Black Flag boat combat in space, with a Privateer style game structure. Pull up next to a space truckin' frigate and unleash your broadside lasers. Yee haw this game is fun."
,Recommended,290300,18604318,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Butts McBellies,"A fun arcadey space trucking game. Starts slow, but really opens up after you leave the first system, with lots of equipment and ship classes to grind for. Though I'm not sure $18 is a fair price for the amount of content you get, I'd recommend waiting for sales.I do have some problems with its game design, though.1. Escort missions simply don't work. Warp pairing just boosts the chances to break warp from proximity to objects tenfold, and since escortees can't navigate space for♥♥♥♥♥♥and just fly in straight line, if you're lunky enough to get some asteroid field or nebula in a way, have fun waiting 5 minutes for NPC ship to slowly fly through it. Not only that, paired warp speed is also extremely slow compared to how you normally travel by yourself.2. Warp mechanics in general are hit and miss. For example, there should've been different ranges that trigger warp break for different types of objects. There's absolutely no reason why some asteroid or piece of junk should stop the warp unless you're REALLY close to it, it's not an enemy dreadnought that pose any threat. Jumpgates on the other hand are extremely easy to miss.3. Not only the UI is pretty ugly thanks to huge prompt icons, it also suffers from many problems. Why do loot and small ships have the same color on radar? When I use gamepad, I sit a bit further away from the monitor and it's impossible to tell what's a small square and what's a small circle on the radar. Why doesn't mission board show location of the objective on the map? Why can't you wave traders goodbye right after trading with them and instead have to go through all dialogue screens again? Why can't you just use B to go back in dialogue? Why can't you use starmap to check available equipment/ships on stations you visited? Why can't you see where jumpgates lead if there's a mission marker on them?4. Its's another game that treats you like a r-e-t-a-r-d and constantly gives you tips how to return to broadside mode, use scanner, etc. I don't need to see these tutorials a hundred times, nor am I dumb enough to forget which button does what. These things just clutter UI and get on my nerves, there always must be an option to turn those off.5. Systems lack hand-crafted environments and originality. Every nebula and asteroid belt is just a copy-paste of another one, all of the same size, there are no really unique formations and places to visit. Every system is the same, just with differently colored star and background. It's true even for the blocked-off alien world you get to visit in the end of the game. When you have only a dozen systems to offer, you could at least try to make them feel original and interesting in some way.6. Holding A activates tractor beam, docking, warp and opens dialogue if you're receiving a call. Want to quickly warp out but some pirate is calling you? Need to enter the station with full cargo but there's a bunch of illegal materials floating about? Tough luck.I mean, it's good fun, but these amateurish and obvious problems really keep the game from being as enjoyable as it should be."
,Recommended,290300,18632822,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,WatcherSix,Happiness is boosting through a cloud of fighters whilst spamming the everliving♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your flak cannons and broadsides with the scatter turrets JUST so you can become a literal firestorm of doom as the game blasts rock n roll at you.
,Recommended,290300,18635141,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Coop,"Great, such a fun easy to get into space adventure. the soundtrack really sold the game for me, and the ability to input your own music tracks has been really fun doing space battles and pirate raiding to all sorts of music haha, graphics are excellent gameplay is fun and addictive. win win"
,Recommended,290300,18633165,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Scrub,Good core game mechanics paired with a kick♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack.A must have for anyone with a hankering for a light space sim.
76561198043674028,Recommended,290300,18633396,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Captain Armpit,"I LOVE this game, best $20 I ever spent...awesome graphics and gameplay, and the music.....wow! kudos to the guy who picked these tracks!"
,Recommended,290300,18632760,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,darthbored,"This game couldn't have come at a better time, great gameplay, graphics, and support from the devs fixing any bugs that have occurred since release."
76561198015173950,Recommended,290300,18664287,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Eclipse,"If you loved Free Lancer, you will love this game.  Looking forward to more updates and patches to polish it off. The music and graphics are absolutely perfect for this game and certainly will buy any addons they come out with.This game, has a FireFly, and Stargate feel to it. Even one of the larger ships look like Prometheus (if your familure with SG series).Developers if your reading--Some things I really want seen done with this game in newer updates are....-Expansion - more galaxys even if some of them are meaningless I love exploring-More Ships to fly, they can have similar specs but different appearences ...like real life  big companies copy after each other but with their name and their little twist on it (chevy cavalier and pontiac sunfire are 2 good examples). More choices are a good thing.-More weapons,  diverse weapons...  examples be like...  rail guns for the broadsides, secondary weapons would be maybe a masking cloud to make missle attacks and tracking near impossible,   how about a massive payload missle like a Planet Buster, Grapling hooks would be grate if your a pirate to keep an enemy ship from moving (also prevent your self from moving), maybe gattling guns/lasers that would work as  flak cannons for anti fighters / missles-More aliens or more division among the systems. Maybe even some corporate warfare.-#-Also I want to be able to roll down the window of my space ship and flip off the militia, or aliens, what ever. That would be the best thing ever. Maybe even moon them."
76561198068830784,Recommended,290300,18664506,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,MADAZZY,Rebel Galaxy is good it feels good it sounds good if u have ever watched the show FireFly then u will like Rebel Galaxy as it has that same western feel from watch FireFly
76561198044176243,Recommended,290300,18664595,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,The Owl,"I'm am having the worst heartbreak feeling from a game in a REALLY LONG time. so i loaded my game with 10+ hour gameplay and boom. my computer crashed? or something happen that it turned off and restarted. jump back on to Rebel galaxy and what do I find...my save corrupted and need to start completely over.Now i sit here with a broken heart. I was some what far in the game, had the ship called Dravius, was about to buy the Vangaurd. had 6 MKII pusle turrets and MKIII nuetron beams.But what do i think im going to do about this game? That's right... Restart from scratchThis game is SOOOOOO much fun, It's been a real long time that i have been looking forward to start playing again when i get off to do life things. Missions are just the right amount of difficulty with the way I play.And now that I know whats easy money and who to side with and other nice information to know, I am actually looking forward to restarting.If you are looking for a space sim with addicting combat, just as fun side missions and contracts as the main story, or want to have fun blowing up pirates or traders or even both (I don't judge)GET THIS GAME! You will not regret buying this game."
,Recommended,290300,18745104,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Gespenst Gaming,"An under advertised gem of a game. If you like Freelancer, but was jealous of the Battleships you couldn't fly, and the fact you had to manually aim your own turrets, you'll love Rebel Galaxy. All the ships you fly in this game are Battleships, with broadside cannons and automated turrets (that you can control manually if you want) that will track and shoot targets for you. It's an open world game with a story you can choose to ignore if you so wish."
,Recommended,290300,18745201,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,wyodak:emdefmek,"Easy to play controls, not a true space sim so some will hate it but some will love it. Looks great and runs well even on a slow♥♥♥♥♥4 year old rig with a GTX 560. Worth a shot if you want a fun simple open galaxy space combat and mining game."
76561198028740712,Recommended,290300,18684954,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,jas2765,"This game is for ANYONE who loves space exploration games with the ability to be free trading exploring bounty hunting doing whatever you want with a plethera of upgrades available for you to customize your ship to your exact liking. I promise you, you will not regret getting this game."
,Recommended,290300,18685154,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Set-115689,Game is enjoyable combat wise.
76561198029087148,Recommended,290300,18685498,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,devfriends82,"love the game.. havent been able to put down the game from the time i started it... i already have the blackgate dreadnaught .... please gimme something new ,,, better ships and stuff...love the game.. this is the new freelancer....."
76561198087485000,Recommended,290300,18685591,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Ali,This game is the ultimate space FUN sim gameYou just have to try it and for 20$ its a steal .just try it9/10
,Recommended,290300,18685612,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Proton,This game is totally amazing I have bought it very recently I played so much that I lost track of time.Only thing that makes me mad in this game is the autodocking when you leave a station.11/10 would rate again IGN
76561198026629144,Recommended,290300,18697594,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Мастер Кеноби,"Music is exceptional, controls are intuitive, gameplay is exciting, and price is right (especially for all the content you get)."
,Recommended,290300,18694257,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,[x] Taan,"If you love Freelancer, you'll love Rebel galaxy.I sure hope it won't eat 500+ hours as Freelancer did.And, who knew? Southern rock goes great with space battles.there are a couple of CONs:-mission log for 5 mission (first mod I imagine will be unlimited log)-jumping out of warp on every rock (even if it won't hit you)-merchant good should have a table of prices instead of the scrolling news feed it has now (i dont want to wait till ne needed base pops up, i want to compare)-A bit clunky inventory and map screen. have to get used to it."
76561198069355402,Recommended,290300,18696296,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,defyantvoice,I have only put 15 or 20 hours into this game so far but I am really enjoying it.  I love the soundtrack and the open game play to do whatever I want. The graphics are well done.  I can see me putting many more hours into this game and I think its a great game for the price for sure.
,Recommended,290300,18696256,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,[TIGS] starsrift,"This game is the sandbox space sim we've been waiting for since Freelancer. Elite: Dangerous too fiddly for you? Loved AC: Black Flag for the ship combat? Enjoyed Firefly? Tired of waiting for Star Citizen to get to a release?Then you're gonna love this game.You fly a capital ship in a somewhat open universe. Trade, pirate, privateer - the choice is yours. Fighter pilots? Pah! I fly a ship that launches broadsides, son, and obliterates your little X-wing knockoff with my Flak.The country and western soundtrack and Southern accents for some of the characters bring the Firefly references in so nicely and casually without explicitly resorting to Firefly-like dialect or setting, making it a subtle, valued tie-in.The game suffers from the procedurally generated fault of being a 'lifeless'-feeling open world. There's also some minor Quality Of Life issues with trying to be a trader - finding out (last known) prices is a bit fiddly. Free trade is also unfortunately not very lucrative, compared to the Mission Boards (which will post trade missions that ironically make FAR more than you could shipping the goods without a contract, after you've gone into the game a bit). But at least the mission boards make the Trader path remain viable along with the plainly-intended Privateer path.You also navigate and fight solely along each systems ecliptic and ignore the third dimension, to a much larger degree than Freelancer or its other wannabe successors. But let's be honest with ourselves - this genre was never about the third dimension.This game is also very well optimized for the technical side.Get this game. It's the game we've been waiting for, and it came with no fanfare."
76561198070367189,Recommended,290300,18697393,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,T0k1n0va,"Its like assassin's creed black flag without the assassin's creed. You pilot a flagship, trade, take contracts, hunt pirates or militia or a number of other different faction, mine, and all that good space stuff. Here's the special part about Rebel galaxy, you move on an X Y axis, no up and down here. This really tightens up the game in my opinion. your ship has turrets, and broadside weaponry, which is why it is comparable to the naval combat. So if you loved the sea faring and could do without the on foot part of black flag, go ahead and grab this game, you will love it. Also the sound track is bomb as hell!"
76561198000637671,Recommended,290300,18697439,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,freshly snipes,"Dont believe any negative reviews on this game, most of them are nit picky or misguided. This game is tons of fun, lots of replayability and allows you use your own music. The only gripe I have is it switches songs too quickly. Game is 100% worth the money."
,Recommended,290300,18698862,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,kfeyn,"Awesome soundtrack, simple and fun gameplay with a cool scenario and univers served by goods graphics. Space Opera at its best !"
,Recommended,290300,18695828,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Uncontested,"This game really is amazing. If they keep updating and adding stuff it will only be better too.  I didn't have the highest hopes when I purchased (Only had like 20 reviews and had just been released) However, after playing for a good bit I really do enjoy this game a lot. Its inexpensive and its a blast to play, so I don't know what else there is to ask for from it, I have titles in my library that I spent 60+ on and haven't played them half as much as this, so thats saying a lot."
76561197984131292,Recommended,290300,18693828,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Twist68,very enjoyable Game
76561198012110651,Recommended,290300,18694943,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,SplintArr,"#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorIf you like naval combat in space, accompanied by electric guitars, buy this game!Things that are great about this game:Awesome ship models & weapons, music, visual style, arcadiness, extremly fun & addictive gameplay loop."
,Recommended,290300,18695085,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,IceWater,"This is the kind of game i've been itching for. Really fun skill based combat, freedom to do what I want, and nonlinear upgrades to keep things interesting. Reminds me of old school games. Definitely not meant to be a space sim but more a space action game. It almost reminds me of sid meirs pirates in a lot of ways.. just put into space. In fact it pretty much is sid meirs pirates... albeit with a better combat system and better music!"
76561197977833737,Recommended,290300,18693976,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,BanthaFodder,"Think of a cross between the original Elite, or perhaps Frontier (if you're old enough to remember them) coupled with an amped-up version of the combat from Sword of the Stars 1 and you've pretty much got the barebones of Rebel Galaxy.  Throw in a distinctly wild-West, frontier ambience driven by the look of the ships (most definitely in the Solo-esque tradition of ""she may not look like much, but she's got it where it counts"") and the pumping country-rock backing track and you're close to what Rebel Galaxy is all about.The biggest single bone of contention people seem to have with this game is that it's a space sim that doesn't allow movement in any axis.  For me, this really isn't an issue.  The combat is deliberately designed with an emphasis on broadside-heavy battles.  This simply wouldn't work well across 3 axes.  As I mentioned at the top, combat in this is something akin to Sword of the Stars 1 on steroids - and for me it works beautifully.I would imagine that the greatest strength of this game could potentially be its greatest weakness: much like the original Elite, there isn't really a great deal of hand-holding; yes, there are storyline-driven missions to follow, but equally you're free to indulge in any of the time-honoured space-game traditions of trading, bounty-hunting or piracy.  From what I can make out, most players (myself included) seem to eschew the story and focus on doing our own thing.In terms of negatives; well, there is undeniably a 'grind' aspect as you're generally striving to get the next best ship or increase your reputation with somebody but as yet I haven't found this to be a problem - it's a mechanic that is always likely to be present in games of this ilk, as Elite: Dangerous proves.All in all, I think this is a brilliant, absorbing game that's an absolute steal at the price.  It puts many AAA titles to shame, especially, as if I've heard, the development team is only two strong!9/10.  Wholeheartedly recommended."
,Recommended,290300,18694188,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,King Joffrey,"A good space-themed RPG with a linear storyline.Cash is king.1. Find the best way to earn cash. Trade commonities, take up missions, etc.2. Use the money you earn to upgrade your capital ship.3. Shoot the living craps out of the enemies and proceed to the next galaxy.By this point of my gameplay which is around 29hrs of playtime, game is becoming like a grind.What kept me going is mainly the prospect of getting a bigger and more badass capital ship.Some things that come into mind.- Game is developed by a 2-person team, and for this price, a big plus- Great graphics, music, and voice acting.- No way to build a fleet and do massive scale attacks (at least I haven't found any yet)Overall this is still a plus. Maybe 7/10. Can last you 20-30hrs at least.As for me, probably looking at the next game to play soon."
76561198029014047,Recommended,290300,19956337,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Knives,i like.
76561198023550772,Recommended,290300,19954134,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Stop Exploding You Cowards!,"Very cool open-world space game, plays like Sid Meier's Pirates and AC:Black Flag had a baby IN SPACE"
,Recommended,290300,19857139,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Oblivious123,A good space RPG the likes of which I have not seen for a while.
76561198003473022,Recommended,290300,19856532,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,david.stoebe,"Yhia is a worthwhile game.  The mood, soundtract and gameplay is done really well.  Kudos to the developers of this game."
,Recommended,290300,19991398,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,The Iron Teabag,"Firefly and Assassin's Creed: Black Flag had a fight at a biker bar and had amazing makeup sex afterwards and nine month later, Rebel Galaxy was born."
76561197982054427,Recommended,290300,20019207,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Link,"Awesome game!  Elements similar to Privateer, or Freelancer but with capital ships.  Combat is engaging.  Missions are solid.  Graphics are very good.  Story line moves along nicely at your own pace.  Zero glitches in missions, and autosaves - only point that out as some other games fail in this area."
,Recommended,290300,20019849,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,senseimohr,"Game has a very addictive ""just one more mission"" kind of gameplay. The progression system is well paced and surprisingly robust. The controls can be quirky sometimes, especially the warping but it's pretty easy to overlook with everything else it brings to the table."
,Recommended,290300,20015478,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,SCREAMING COMMUNIST,"Lasers, spaceships, explosion and some great western rock and roll! What more could you want from a game?"
,Recommended,290300,20268150,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ADX,This game is worth your time.+ Great visuals+ Exceptionally good soundtrack+ Superb ship models+ Great voice acting+ Made from the people who bought you TorchlightPeople have criticised it for being repetitive but nearly all computer games fall into that category to some degree.
76561198061546629,Recommended,290300,20238677,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,SilverScrub,How to complete contract to steal something from an emeny ship:1) warp to sector2) find target fleet3) attack fleet4) hail them and have them agree to a cease fire5) blow up the ship carrying what you want while it's support does nothing6) kill stuff with your new friends10/10 would negotiate again
,Not Recommended,290300,20275399,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Grape Juice,"Rebel Galaxy has a great soundtrack, and an interesting approach to a space shooter, but falls short.Unfortunately, the missions become extremely repetative, and the alternatives (such as mining) do not help you accomplish your end-game goals. There's no huge benefit to stopping to explore signals or distress calls. Trading isn't terribly lucrative, but does have shortages and surpluses to take advantage of. That said, they seem like half-baked ideas to a game that revolves around combat.Speaking of combat: While it neglects the third axis of movement and newtonian physics, it does 'borrow' broadside firing from some of the more well known naval combat games.Your end-game goals are combat oriented, and while you may enjoy a light, fast ship to pick off enemies from afar, it just won't get you anywhere further down the line. The whole game is basically a grind to get you into the biggest ship with the most guns, so you can complete the final few missions. The story is okay, but it's very short, and just isn't compelling enough to warrant that kind of grind."
76561198203388383,Recommended,290300,20275549,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Dingus,"Super fun, very beautiful game!"
,Recommended,290300,20273923,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Andrack,"This is not the Outlaw Star game I've always wanted, but its the closest I've played so far. Considering how almost synonymous the names are, I wonder if that's what they were going for.Rebel Galaxy is an addictive and light space sim. It has all the usual trappings of a space sim (bounty hunting, mercenary work, trading and exploration) but everything is simplified enough so you won't need to find a guide on how to pilot your ship or complete a job. If that sounds like a bad thing, go play Elite: Dangerous. I like how the system map keeps track of what space stations buy/sell. It doesn't feel cheap since it only updates when you visit the station and its way more useful than getting some dumb colored lines painted all over the universe. If you like dumb colored lines all over the universe, go play Elite: Dangerous (I like Elite: Dangerous but I use third party websites whenever I go space trucking, the in-game trading info sucks).Three things Rebel Galaxy has over most space sims are big ships, a customizable soundtrack, and a story. The game is all about piloting big tanky frigates and dreadnoughts. There's no option to pilot small fighter craft, but you can hire one to escort you. Piloting the ships is more like piloting a boat. You move on a flat plane and will be focused on firing your broadside cannons during combat. If you liked the ship combat in Assassin's Creed: Black Flag or Sid Meier's Pirates!, this is very much the same. I think its a missed oppurtunity that your ships are fully automated. You are the only crew member. A crew management metagame could have been cool and opened the game up for more unique characters. Being able to have a hanger that can deploy fighters would've been cool too. I'll give the devs the benefit of a doubt that they had these ideas, but scrapped them for budget or time reasons.The soundtrack is a cool mix of Blues and Rock music. Quite a few of the tracks even have vocals. The best part about it is you can replace or add to the soundtrack with your own music. It also lets you designate which songs should be played during combat, station visits, idling, etc. You are playing a lesser version of Rebel Galaxy if you don't include the soundtrack from your favorite space adventure anime in the set list (The Blue Submarine No. 6 OST is also encouraged). If you don't have a favorite space adventure anime, go play Elite: Dangerousand never talk to me.Rebel Galaxy has a story. It's just OK and it's there. That's more than I can say for a lot of space sims. In Rebel Galaxy, your Aunt gives you a strange device which turns out to be a sentient AI which guides you across the universe to search for things that will let it do a cool thing that everyone else wants. There are also ugly badger people who want to kill you. In Outlaw Star, the dad gives the protagonist PTSD and he inherits a sentient android who guides him across the galaxy to find a planet that will let her do a cool thing that everyone else wants. There are also sexy cat people who want to kill them.See? They're different. Now that I think about it, Rebel Galaxy has a severe lack of sexy aliens. I probably shouldn't recommend it but whatever, it's fun."
76561197981679794,Recommended,290300,20274191,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,BlownHairySack,Can be quite repetitive however it's a low of fun.
76561197976126991,Recommended,290300,20244546,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,AnxiousOne,"Very fun, I guess I should go to work now.. jk"
76561198024737835,Recommended,290300,20244872,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,chucknpatton,"This game was exactly what I was looking for.The soundtrack is amazing -- you really get a Serenity-esque space cowboy feel to the game. Trade, mercenary, mine your way through ship upgrades and eek out an existance on the fringes of the galaxy.The campaign is short, but there is still great playability afterward.Say hello to my BFF mercenary Sparrow when you get a chance."
76561198093329657,Recommended,290300,20246142,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,baball24,Highly recommend if your into space shooters with a bit of trading. Cool ship gun play and an awesome soundtrack.
76561198071908327,Recommended,290300,20246884,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,GrandWaveRider,easy to play and fun
,Recommended,290300,20284887,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Kor-Phaeron,"""Take my love,Take my land,Take me to where I cannot standBut I don't care,I'm still free,You can't take the sky from me!""This is Firefly the game. 9/10.My one complaint is space being a flat plane, but whatever, the rest more than makes up for it."
76561198084807805,Recommended,290300,18699293,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,The Lord Inquisitor,hours in and no slowing down
76561198055023417,Recommended,290300,18696668,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,SotaKurre,"Awesomegame with awesome soundtrack!Pros-Shoot anybody you want.Run away like a little ♥♥♥♥♥.Vast and huge galaxy to play in.The soundtrack just, it's, it's, it's just awesomeCons-YOU haven't bought the game"
,Recommended,290300,18699785,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,PsymastaX,"The closest I'll ever get to be a space admiral cowboy searching the galaxy for a right n' proper firefly. This is the casual space sim I never knew I wanted so badly. It scratches so many itches on such a basic level, and in such a smooth way, that I wonder why it took so long for a dev studio to get  things so right. Kudos, money well spent."
,Recommended,290300,18658513,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Jayhoot,"Great game, lots of fun. Better than a lot of other space games. Action packed and the fact that you cant ""go up or down"" takes out a lot of dissorientation.  Save game sucks. Played a few hours died and had to start a new game. Other than that, I keep coming back and playing. Active Devs always updating shows that this game is going places."
,Recommended,290300,18721296,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,cecja,Short but addicting. If you want something to play for a week buy it.
,Recommended,290300,18727364,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,JRS86 shoostar,"This is a very entertaining game to play, albeit a bit short with a low prospect for replayability. The music is catchy, and the dynamics of the soundtrack system itself helps set the tone for different actions and situations throughout the game. The visuals are stunning, and more than a couple ships closely remind me of ships that you might recognize from other franchises, such as the Rebel Blockade Runner from Star Wars, the hoverships from The Matrix trilogy, or some of the capital ships from the EVE Online series. The game is simple, straightforward, and makes no excuses for being a stripped-down space shooter. The sub-$20 price tag is certainly justifiable.======================= THE BAD =======================- No reverse. It's all too easy to run into a large object (jump gate, station, etc.) and get your capital-sized ship stuck. Not having a means of reversing seems like a simple yet annoying oversight by the devs.- I totally agree with constraining movement to only 2 axis (it helps to keep the focus on combat), but I still feel like having a minimal range of travel on the Z-axis might've helped keep the ""hey, we're actually flying/battling in space"" feeling a bit more pronounced.- While a game with this structure might prove to be difficult to add this feature, I strongly feel that an online 4-player co-op mode would be excellent. Keep the game the way it is, but allow all of the post-storyline missions to be playable in groups.- STEAM WORKSHOP: The devs made it clear that they won't prevent people from modding the game (it is offline-only, after all), they won't be releasing any tools or utilities in which modders can use to alter files or create new ones to be used in the game. I find this to be very annoying!!! It seems like the devs are missing out on a big chunk of revenue by not integrating SWS into Rebel Galaxy. I, for one, would GLADLY pay another $10-$20 just to have this feature baked in. It would certainly allow for more replayability, as you can be certain that modders will create new ships, missions, weapons, systems, stations, etc. for people to play with and interact with.- The storyline and characters are WEAK. While the voice acting was done very well, the dialogue itself is extremely boring and uninspired, while leaving the player with almost no choices whatsoever when it comes to responding to an NPC's conversation. On the rare occasion you're offered more than one choice, it essentially has no effect whatsoever on how the story (or that specific mission) plays out. The main story itself is very generic and cliche, and will take you no more than 15 hours to complete.- I understand why you can't switch weaponry and defensive equipment while not docked at a station, but why can't you change system software components? Their descriptions clearly state that they're software upgrades, so you'd think that you'd be able to switch between ""Fracture Tracking"" and ""Optimized Turrets"" on the fly, when switching between mining asteroids and pummeling enemy craft. Nope, still gotta be at a station.- Warp Pairing: When you hire a mercenary, THEY follow YOU into warp, into battle, around a station, etc. Why would you reverse this role exclusively for escort missions? NPCs are stupid, have no sense of direction, and you'll fail these missions more often than not, simply because the NPC flew you into an obstruction and can't navigate its way around it.======================== THE GOOD ========================- Space ARPG: About 2 years ago, a friend got me into playing Diablo 3 (mind you, I grew up on shooter, sports, and racing games), and I've been hooked ever since. Being that I'm more of a post-apocalyptic and sci-fi gamer, the fantasy world of wizards, monks, and magic doesn't appeal to me very much, but I absolutely LOVE the hack-n-slash mechanics of D3. Since the day I started playing that game, I set forth on a mission to find a space-oriented ARPG that played out in a similar manner, without the grueling complexity of a more commonly found 4x-style space sim (read: Homeworld, EVE Online, somewhat Elite: Dangerous). Minus the co-op mode, Rebel Galaxy gives me exactly what I was looking for.- The ships are BADASS. Unlike Galaxy on Fire, Rebel Galaxy lets you play with behemoths. Shelling out tens of millions of credits to buy and fully equip a Blackstar dreadnaught is totally worth it the moment you take it into your first large-scale battle, and absolutely CRUSH the opposition with so much firepower, it's easy to forget that you're controlling just one ship, not an entire fleet. Even the smaller, quicker frigates (like the Barracuda or Tennhauser) prove to be extremely fun to play, especially once you get the hang of playing more of a quick-strike strategy rather than ""let's park here, and fire all 5,000,000 cannons at this target, on my mark.""- Rebel Galaxy is simple. There's pretty much no learning curve whatsoever, with the exception being learning how to effectively engage in broadside combat. I have 0 experience in this style of combat, but I felt VERY comfortable with its mechanics within the first 2 hours of playing this game. There's no complicated diplomatic or economic systems to learn, no micro-managing fleets and every tiny subsystem on your ship, no laws or rules to follow if you don't want to. As a matter of fact, following the rules and siding with the ""good guys"" (military, citizens, etc.) actually dulls the game down just a little bit. I much prefer to exit warp at every possible waypoint, fully expecting to engage in an epic battle as soon as the first NPC ship comes into range.- Small footprint/fast loads: This game only takes up roughly 2GB worth of space on your hard drive, which means when you hit a loading screen in this game (which there are VERY few of), you'll only have to look at this screen for a second or two. Matter of fact, I honestly can't even recall what a loading screen looks like in this game.- Offline-only: I already discussed why offline-only is a downside to this game, but I also see it as an upside. Once I finished with the main story, I found that I absolutely despised the notion of having to complete dozens of side missions just to squander all that hard-earned cash on gigantic platforms of destruction and be broke again. Quick fix: download and install trainer with infinite cash option, buy/upgrade all the ships you want. Instant gratification, with no consequences whatsoever for cheating.- Visuals: This game looks AWESOME in 1080p on a big-screen TV. Explosions are the only things that could be prettied-up a bit, but overall, Rebel Galaxy is a joy to look at. From colorful vistas in the backdrop of each system, to comet-battered planets and carefully designed ships unique to each faction, the devs made some excellent design choices in regards to the art in this game.========================== CONCLUSION ==========================I give this game a 7.5 out of 10. I'd love to give it a higher mark, but I truly feel that not including something like Steam Workshop (or some other viable means of modding/extending this game) is a HUGE detriment to the overall Rebel Galaxy experience. The bugginess and lack of any substance in its story and characters would drop the score even further, if it weren't for the fact that the game will cost you only $20. The devs set out on a mission to create a simple, stripped-down space cowboy shooter, and they accomplished exactly that, but certainly nothing more. Were this game to include Steam Workshop, it'd be easy to add another full point on to this review score just for that alone, even with a slightly steeper price tag.In the end, if you're looking for a game that's easy to pick up and play, inexpensive, fun, and makes no promises to give you anything more than what it already does, buy this game. It's certainly worth $20, although not a penny more in its current state."
76561198001174552,Recommended,290300,18722645,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,GrenPa,"Well I don't write reviews often but I will for this game.PRO's:Rebel Galaxy is a fun space game with great graphics and sound effects.It is a cross between X-Reunion series and Eve-Online but for single players only.There are a large amount of ships and items to equip to the ships which is good for different playing styles.You can be a merchant, pirate and law abiding which pretty much covers my game play.CON's:I only have a couple small cons for the game at this time.First the ships you fly don't go up and down, which for me seems strange to leave out of game.2nd I wish the game had a cheat mode so you could add credits/money faster.There are several trainers on the web for the game but dor some like me I won't touch.To me I think the devs could add a few cheat features for those like me who want to have money to buy new ships faster.Other than that the game is worth every dollar you spend to get it.Great game.Thanks"
76561198151956731,Recommended,290300,18717913,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,no hope left,"Serious Review:Game is nothing like Freelancer, its actually more like Warband Meets EVE OFFLine. Very nice actually."
76561197961015780,Recommended,290300,18720131,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Sutr,Were the hell can I buy this soundtrack
76561198001115378,Recommended,290300,18720420,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Jaxhammer,"This is a great space combat/trading game with better combat than most others.The lack of 3D fight is frustrating to accept, but it actually serves the gameplay really well."
76561197999805622,Recommended,290300,18719447,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Ritsu,"I have been searching for a space game for about 8 years now and finaaly this is it!  If you love the feel of being in space and doing whatever it is to survive that you want, then stop right here.  This is what I imagined Firefly Online would be like."
,Recommended,290300,18719478,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,SunwardHeron,"Greatly enjoying the game so far.Only real complaints I have are that the game could benefit from a few additonal songs to it's soundtrack and a way to refresh missions at the mission boards (instead of having to accept, abandon, leave station, re-enter station).Also, I don't know if it's just some odd bug with my machine but I've noticed that the GPU maxes out while in-station...when there's not much to render?"
76561198027470654,Recommended,290300,18719789,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,BooNinja,"Very fun game, combat and trading are both a blast. Well worth the purchase already and I haven't even left the first system!"
,Recommended,290300,18721797,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Katiari,"If Malcom Reynold were to cruise around the 'verse listening to tunes he'd be listening to the soundtrack to THIS game.The music is as badass as the game itself.  It's all the best parts of every space game with a minimal amount of waiting to get from Point A to Point B.I can't say enough good things about this game, frankly.  The graphics are great, the quest variety is great, they gameplay is great, the controls are pretty darn good, the combat feels epic at times.I would, however, put a little more weapon variety into the game, add ship customization (as far as the exterior goes), add some more jump points (as it feels like the galaxy map is pretty small), and VASTLY extend the main storyline quest.  That thing feels about as short as a newborn dwarf.That said, it's still WELL worth playing.  Buy it.  Now."
76561197968595270,Recommended,290300,18733546,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Gonenuts,"Outstanding space adventure game!Ever since Freespace 2, there is a complete lack of decent space combat games. This new take on the matter does away with everything too daunting or complicated for more casual players, (target your target's target, I'm looking at you Freespace!) and adds the interesting poing of view of sandboxing it, and make it from the point of view of a civilian trying to make due.You don't HAVE to do anything, you can just explore, mine, find a space station that is not hostile towards you and make commerce. In fact, I was expecting something quite like it from the Campaign Interface of Starcraft 2! Gosh, your starting ship already looks like with the eponymous battlecruiser Hyperion. Of course, carrying away the main quests will lead the story further, but you can spend hours upon hours doing errands and getting into trouble on your own.It took a nice 3D engine to prove to you that in fact, you don`t need a 3D engine to make a fine space-faring game. The whole navigation and combat, despite you are interacting with 3D objects, is happening on an immense 2D plane, which is a whole solar system. And that's just the neighborhood. Speaking of that, no more disorienting spins, complicated escort missions (so far) or plain stupid tiny-ship-versus-behemoth situations that you can`t RUN away.Am I still comparing to Freespace? Well, yes. Let me add Star Trek into the mix. Since there is an element of RPG into it, you have different, and sometimes warring factions. But because you are not bound by those lores and canon facts present in ST, you can take sides with any of them, just choose your missions wisely.There is commerce? Yes. Mining? Yes. Online gameplay? I don`t think so, because you'd be chewed alive by any pirate-players, which I heard that's exactly what happens in Eve Online, unless I'm not out of the walled garden for beginners. I never played Eve, but that's as far as I heard, Eve Online is not meant for casual players, has complex economy simulations, and people actually invested tens of thousands of DOLLARS in building ships or whatever that game has to offer. Just bumping into these players would force you to play under their rule or face obliteration, which scares off casuals, like me.Somebody mentioned Firefly, and the look and feel are surprisingly similar with this cable show. But not knowing the show won't make the game less enjoyable.Well, in short, the game is a blast, no previous knowledge of other games required, no need for a gamepad or joystick, and apparently, which is not the norm, no microtransactions. Whatsoever. If you want the cool stuff, earn it.For the icing on the cake, the gaming is surprisingly small, never even fazed my dated Intel i7 920 CPU, or hogged down my graphics card, and allows you to just tell the game where your music stash is, and mix it with the own game soundtrack. Flying around the galaxy listening to your favorite tunes: priceless.Definitely, buy it. Worth. Every. Dime."
76561197998260631,Recommended,290300,18734281,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,rapierm,"Ok not a big fan of 2D movement/combat in a space sim, but that is the only negative about this game. If you loved the original Privateer from Origin or Freelancer, this game is for you. I can tell that the guys at Double Damage also loved these games because this is really an homage to those 2 great games. At $20 you can't go wrong."
,Recommended,290300,18736688,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Rod Munch,"So here's the thing. I love this game and i hate it at the same time. The story line which is great is way to short, so even though i want to keep playing for hundreds of hours im simply bored. The graphics are great the gameplay is great and with a few tweaks to the way that side missions are presented the whole game can be great and offer a lot of replay value. Unfortunately without a little more depth you're only looking at about 30 hours of gameplay before youre looking to see whats on tv. For 20 bucks it worth it because it's really polished but it could be so much more. Since they say there is no planned dlc i guess we'll be waiting for Rebel Galaxy II with great anticipation."
76561198044644696,Recommended,290300,18790214,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,TheSleeper,"I am enjoying the game, hope it keeps expanding"
76561197991267563,Recommended,290300,18790293,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Stewyy,Bloody Awesome game. this game can get big pretty quickly. love to see a game guide.
76561197988743879,Recommended,290300,18694480,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Barry Badrinath,"If you're like I was and are hesitant because of the whole 2D space thing, don't be.  I barely notice it.  It plays well in 2D (not to say 3D wouldn't be better).Reminds me a lot of Privateer, but with more sandbox, less story.Lots of fun to be had here.The combat is surprisingly deeper than I expected."
76561198029903627,Not Recommended,290300,18596031,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,DaMuffler,"I came to the realization that this game isn't worth sinking hours into, after killing 3 capital only to be presented with Nuts an Bolts and Green Whiskey.I can't recommend Rebel Galaxy because it lacks mechanics.Examples: Broadside combat is lame,  it's just static turrets on the side of your ship, Wooo....fun. Even though the combat looks great it's repetitive and ships don't have critical points. No point in becoming skilled pilot because what a player can do after 500 hours of playing this game, a beginner can do the same after the tutorial. The trading mechanic are half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ No economy, as the values seem to be randomly generated after some time. Since the people who made rebel galaxy also made TorchLight, I was hoping for interesting loot. But all we get is a linear upgrade system where the best weapons are plasma laser hands down and High Capacity Shields. I’m not even going to mention the story because I started skipping dialogue after meeting a gay Australian bartender."
76561197964944742,Recommended,290300,18692864,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Binkus,"i was about to buy something else until a friend of mine who i sent a message to mentioned this,not too expensive and i have enjoyed it so far, great fun and a real time vampire i have enjoyed this a great deal so far, i hope they are planning a whole lot more to fix some thingsI do worry that there is not much under the hood and there are things that are going to get tired very quicklytrading is broken, mining is broken, combat is fun and i really like some of the ideas, i think i am about to wear out my E key thoughflaws in my eyes your small ship has the same shields as your destroyer?!? you dont get to pile more shields on your destroyer for more shields you may aswell stick to smaller ships and be just as hard and far more maneuverable this is totally weird to me i would have thought my destroyer could carry a load more of these shields etcweapons are cool but it all seems a little staged, level 1 2 3 and some of the weapons are a complete waste of time but this is fine the game works and combat works.lovely soundtrack, and going off storyline is recommended for a whiletldr: if space is your thing and you like X space games, and Firefly then you will be happy"
76561198090381082,Recommended,290300,18700140,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,cadetklaaz,"I got this game a short while ago and I have enjoyed it quite a bit. That being said I have experienced issues that make me want to stop playing. I'll give my biggest problem as an example. I have been grinding for credits for a whie, which isn't too hard if you grab the right sidequests and such. I finally saved enough to buy a destroyer. I fall into the midset of, I have a destroyer with lots of guns and armor. Sadly it is made of paper and missions that pop up as Low risk have ripped through my shields in one to two shots and then subsequently opened my ship up to the cold vacuum of space like a bag of Layes potato chips. Now before you all sigh and say, ""but you have to upgrade your armor and shields individually."" Well sad news folks. I did. In all I love the game but because of my paper destroyer I have yet to even finish the story."
76561198023014769,Recommended,290300,18700191,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,PaulEPeptide,"Double Damage have made a very fun, engaging, and addictive space arcade game with Rebel Galaxy.  I'm still very early in the game (and I haven't played any of the story missions past the first one), mainly because I'm really enjoying just cruising around the system finding random battles/events in space and kitting myself out for trade.It was a little bizarre coming to terms with the fact that the game doesn't allow you to maneuver your ship on the Z-axis (although enemies will maneuver above and below you), but the more I played of it, the more I really started to like the naval battle style of combat.I would highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,290300,18700268,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,CrazyIrishJohn,"Amazing Graphics, Runs smooth and the ai are  smart and aggressive in combat just what you need :)"
76561198094699502,Recommended,290300,18700438,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Smoking_GNU,"This is one of the best games i have bought this year. A very fun game that will occupy you for hours. Swatting fighters out of the sky with your Neutron Beam broadsides is especially cathartic, lemme tell you. Here's hoping that lots more content is added to the game, as the weapons and equipment choices seems a little barebones. But other than that, great game. Very much worth the price."
76561198088035015,Recommended,290300,18700680,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,SteeledKILLER,Very good game and i hope there is more add on to it
76561197971825130,Recommended,290300,18704382,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Haapy,"A very solid space combat game. I have to say, the broadside barrages feel very satisfying. This game is very pure, and very well polished. The graphics are pretty, the voice acting is good, and the music is - well the music is phenominal. You can do merchant, miner, pirate, mercenary, or all of the above. It feels very freeform. I keep getting distracted, so I haven't gotten far in the story yet; so far it is engaging. Overall, I definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,290300,18704478,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Chilson,"incredibly enjoyable, content filled and cheap space action sim. that is probably the only thing i have to say to get the right crowd to buy it, oh and if you liked AC Black flags boat combat and was bored with the other parts, like me, then this is an even better fit for you.the game is a bit grindy and can be repetitive at times, but the gameplay (which is AC black flags boat combat but in space and way better) is so fun and more importantly customizable. there are a plethora of different ships, weapons, shield types, boosters and other things i am sure i have not even unlocked yet that you can create anything from a super fast, manuverable smuggling vessel that can dance circles around enemy ships to a giant slow dreadnaught with enough guns, missles and protection to tear apart entire factions.speaking of factions....yeah they have no personality. this is the only negative i have so far and its actually more damaging then you would think. its a space sim where the different aliens, human pirates and militia all act and do the same things, even the pictures for each faction whenever you engage them only have two faces, male and female, in the case of aliens only one potrait. you will fight six broad categories of enemies, each of which has a different sets of sub group customizations. there is the dreadnaught, battleship, missle ships, standard cruiser, light ship and fighter from biggest and slowest to smallest and fastest. I often don't know who or what i am engaging until the name pops up on the ship and by then i don't care since you only have to care about one of two factions, the pirates and the militia. the reason you should care about them is because depending on who you make as your primary enemy will determine which ports are safe and which are not. this is incredibly important because ports supply you with all your needs from repairs to selling/buying materials for trade.the one positive thing about the factions is that they are always doing something. space is big, but even then i run into asteroid fields that are being actively mined by some korians or finding the militia fighting pirates and deciding whether i should help or not. hell the factions will even siege spaceports causing rising prices in certain materials and unlocking a host of missions from doing smuggling runs to that port for big bucks to destroying the commander of the siege in order to free that spaceport. or you could not even bother with the missions and go in to free the spaceport yourself by destoying every siege ship, looting whatever they drop, or abuse the fact that this port is under siege and buy all thier resources (which are incredibly cheap during a siege) to sell to a different space port for big bucks, and i mean♥♥♥♥♥♥tons of credits. there is endless variety and always things to do in this game.what really makes this game enjoyable is how difficult it is. the tutorial is short and sweet (even to short in my opinion), and after you get out of the first space system its open game. you could come across anything from 2 little fighters that you destroy in 2 seconds to accidently warping near 5 enemy dreadnaughts that use draining missles on you in order to force you into a fight that you will lose. be anything from a heartless smuggler, to a bloodthirsty, to even the peoples hero, the game makes a point that this is your story so do whatever you want. i cannot recommend it enough."
,Recommended,290300,18704719,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Dreadknot,THIS game is sick!bounties.. trading goods.. smuggling.. and more bounties.. be friend factions.. battle or join pirates.. battle or join military.. upgrade..customize ship weaponry and armor.. speed.. warp.. man.. its a good game.
76561197971030623,Recommended,290300,18704765,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Possum,"Fun, immediately engaging.  I can see myself losing many hours in this great game. the first 3 went by in a snap.Choose how you want to play. I love that a non-violent trader is a very viable option (but upgrade yer sheilds and engines to run away with).an amazing deal at the price point.  I hope you enjoy the game at least half as much as I do!"
76561198012581473,Recommended,290300,18704770,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Chrisman01,"Wow, this is a lot better than I was expecting.  The atmostphere, story, and gameplay all fits well together.  Especially with the kickass soundtrack.Whatever you do, do NOT brush this off just because combat is on a 2D plane.  With fighters and strike craft flying around, it doesn't feel like you're stuck on a plane most of the time, and the combat is very fun.The only thing I can't help wondering is why every ship, alien and human, is navigating on the same plane and always oriented the same way..."
76561197970497530,Recommended,290300,18704965,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,scruff1,I have 300+ games in my library and this was one of the few I couldn't put down until I beat it. Not quite SPAZ caliber of 'addiction' but a good fix until I can find a true successor to Freelancer.
,Recommended,290300,18705119,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Overzealous Batman,"I loved this game. I was skeptical because it's ""2D"" but you really don't notice it. It's very Freelancer meets the Terran from Starcraft. It looks great and has a fantastic soundtrack. The visual effects are stunning and are paired with great sound effects. The story isn't the most original of things (almost a carbon copy of Freelancer) but that doesn't detract from the experience. My only complaint is that it's a little short and it could use a few more ships/guns but it's still well worth the money. I hope more like this comes along!"
76561198020153358,Recommended,290300,18704193,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Эрик,spaceship!
,Recommended,290300,18705208,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Hunter X,Probably the best game for 2015 so far.
,Recommended,290300,18705601,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Flankus,"Non-stop rocking space-sim. Lots to do, not so technical that it gets in the way of the fast action or fun. Really gives you that space cowboy feel. Hgh praise."
76561197971591445,Recommended,290300,18705639,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Grimjaw,"Obviously designed with console/controllers in mind though translates rather well to PC. Dont let the fact it was made with consoles in mind deter you. The game is rich and fun, has a very firefly feel to it with its sense of humour and music. The combat is quick and fun. Missions are a little repetative but with the awsome sound track and fun combat you'll hardly notice. Well worth the 20 bucks (or less) you'll pay for it."
76561198083565767,Recommended,290300,18663047,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Terraxx,"Great game. I absolutely love it!!  Just wish I could get more back story on the factions. Have a captains log that updates when you learn stuff would be awesome.  Other then that gameplay, soundtrack, graphics very well done!  A nice breath of fresh air in an industry that is just not seeming to care anymore."
,Recommended,290300,18656663,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,MaximumTrekkie,"You can be a pirateYou can be a merchantYou can be a mercenaryYou can be a navy captainYou can be a smugglerYou can be Malcolm ReynoldsYou can be an adventurerYou can be a nice guy who saves merchants and kills pirates :DIf you want to do any of this, then Rebel Galaxy is the right game for you!TL;DR- Firefly the game"
,Recommended,290300,18656965,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,tacsquid,Amazing game. Little short as I beat the main game in about 8 hours but TONS of replayability since I basically only did story missions  back to back. Could have used a little more plot with the merchants and mercenaries guilds but hopefully they come out with some DLC. Ship equipment seemed a little scimpy compared to the 21 playable ships. Basically my only complaint is I want more.
,Recommended,290300,18661767,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,dontnormally,Scratches every itch you've been missing since Freelancer.
,Recommended,290300,18661771,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,TabbyInReverie,The casual gamer's space sim holy grail.  Makes it fun without being tedious (unlike some _other_ space sim).
76561198048855955,Recommended,290300,18661830,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Asfluxiation,Buy it if you like space combat simulators without the 3d flight aspect. Buy it if you like hours of game play for the 21$ price tag. Story and non linear; mesh well giving you freedom to choose what you do when you do it. Combat is fun and rewarding. There are a few draw backs but they are not even worth mentioning since they dont reduce the games playability in anyway. Good game wouldnt give it a 10/10 but 9/10 is still good enough.
76561197961345929,Recommended,290300,18662088,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,I love corn flakes,"Well, after 6 hours, I can safely say it was a great buy. Tons of fun, I didn't see time go through, it's sandboxy but not too repetitive (even though missions ARE repetitive ^^), the campaign is good, the ships are awesome, you have various tactics you can use to outfit your ship, ... A pretty good find!"
76561198044150741,Recommended,290300,18664714,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Fox,"I am loving it.I'd watch a Let's Play to ensure that you will enjoy the combat style, which is more naval than space (no 6 degrees of freedom here). I genuinely love it because it simplifies the movement and allows me to concentrate on other parts of combat. Others might be frustrated at the restriction. Neither view is right or wrong, but you should take a chance to check which camp you fall into. Once I adjusted to the movement, everything came together and it's been a blast every since. I don't think you'll regret the purchase."
,Recommended,290300,18664785,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Shai182,"WHY DO YOU GUYS MAKE GOOD GAMES STARTING FROM DIABLO AND NOW THIS YOUR CREATIVETY NEED TO BE REVARDED DAILY!and yes it's an awesome game the music alone is just have for ears, the controls are right (thought i still ""hit"" stuff) and this is a must for any RPG and space nut and the lack of 3d axis just add more to the game."
76561198024932240,Recommended,290300,18718599,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,fjpeterbuild,"well hell guys best space game thus yet in 2015 if u like freelancer this is yours with a soundtrack to boot, along with sh*t talking enemies or helpers your choice. my impressions love it.. like i said like sandbox free play story play freelancer hope those 2 dev expand it i will pay.  no crashes get yourself a hvy frigate and help.. or be bad..........they best speak my lan..and its english...free will free playu 2 dev well worth it got it for 17$  enjoyable spend some hrs or free time always hold lbm for aim i prefer frigates , mining sucks battle fun.. mission..well.. i like upgradeing"
,Recommended,290300,18718905,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,madals,Great fun with a surprising amount of depth. Gameplay can be a little repatative but not in a dull way - navel style combat provides some interesting strategic options. Ship upgrades feel at a nice pace without ever having to wait too long to get the next part for your ship or a new hull!
,Recommended,290300,18718945,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,McWabbit,"A very nice time sink in anticipation of Star Citizen. Do you like Freelancer? Firefly? Like some country-rock-blues music with a lot of distortion? This game is for you! This game has a lot of potential and I hope there will be an option for multiplayer in a next iteration or mod. But as it stands now, it is worth the 20 bucks."
76561198057500199,Not Recommended,290300,18718439,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Hithere,"Boring, get mission, go to waypoint, kill stuff, collect stuff, rinse, repeat. The combat is the only interesting thing, but buying missiles negates even that. Plus your ship is stuck on a 2d plain."
,Recommended,290300,18718453,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Hellknight,"Pretty fun so far, will update"
,Recommended,290300,18690589,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,HaoleCake,"Shockingly good, It's basically Assassin's creed 4's naval combat but just in space"
76561198016391968,Recommended,290300,18690730,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,THE_DONALD,"Underpromised, hugely overdelivered, absolutely incredible game. 9 hours in and I feel like I've just scratched the surface."
76561198007260713,Recommended,290300,18690776,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Flankspeed,"For the price it's a quiet enjoyable space combat game.It could have used some more music tracks, they become repetitive.I also would have liked more types of flyable ships, especially carriers."
76561198064006962,Recommended,290300,18690932,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,michaelholmez,"absolutley fantastic game, well worth the money"
76561198053847436,Recommended,290300,18691045,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Shalsta,"Only into the first few sector of the game, and already an answer is clear; this game is very enjoyable. well optimized, fun combat, easy controls and simplistic enough to be able to jump into with grace, while also presenting enough challenge and complexity to be fun even after hours. This game has a great soundtrack and amazing graphics."
76561198014737051,Recommended,290300,18689068,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Smudge,"Well... what can I say. This game if you belive it, was created by 2 individuals. Saying that apparently they came from the torchlight team. Well that said, this is a must buy game for 3 reasons;1) If you like open ended space games. (bare in mind you can trade to the end, or fight)2) Very well thought out game, the mechanics are for about 90% right on cue (see note 1)3) This is one of the very few games I havent turnd off the music after 1 hour. Its that good, and that needed. (The only other game that i played that didnt make me stop the music was Home World).3.1) Seriously look up Homeworld sound track its just awe-inspiring.Okay so lets get down to brass tax:Positives:- Open ended, you can make the game last as long as it takes for you to do what you want. (Mine was 40 ish hours. Not bad for the price)- Graphics considering the team, and price are really well done. Give the developers a beer.- Music, as said previously, Its the exception to the rule, it adds to the game.Neutral:- Reminds me of the T.V. series firefly.- Reminds me of the games of tourchlight, boarderlands (If in space, and wish they went with cell shading on some parts).Negitives:- Some A.I. issues, both with mercs, and escort. The worst has to be the escort missions though. (Had a few warp pairs that ended in us basically warping to a sun. Took so long waiting on the escort I gave up, even with the credit reward of 2.5mill.)- If you do not like navel tactical style games this is not for you.Afterthought:- Cant belive that I am going to say this, but this is one of the first games, I really hope they have downloadable content (DLC). This being said, not simple skin changes, but actual content.Note1: Basically A.I. Look Up A.I. both outside and in this review, gives a good context."
76561197973490554,Recommended,290300,18689208,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,xsvenom,good game at a fair price
76561197965474709,Recommended,290300,18709987,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Some Bloke,"Ever wanted to fly a ship out of Homeworld? This is the best I could describe it as, 2D flight Open Galaxy with Factions and Levelled areas. Gets too hard, then go back and grind for credits in the easier area. This game is good for those who wanted to Elite and Dangerous in 1 Hour not 12 a day, too get somewhere. Can't wait for more ships, though."
,Recommended,290300,18712355,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Gart,"I had so much fun with this game and thats why I write review.First off, I managed to get best ship and finish campaign in 30h playthrough if anyone is interested in that. So, the game.I found it to be surprisingly deep at some points. I needed to change my ship outfitt at least 2 times just because I couldn't get through mission with the current one. Bigger ships are nicely put togather - you don't just get bigger versin of your current ships. For example - with Hauler ship I had tactic to fly as close to enemy as possible and fire broadsides without aiming. When I got Blackgate (biggest ship) it wasn't p[ossible, because its broadside ports were far apart so if I got too close I missed with 2/3 of bullets. Also it had 20 turret ports, but some of them vere on the other side of ship so it actually matter how you engage in combat depending on your loadout.To be honest I wasn't expecting that but now I know why this game has so many good reviews. Combat is really enjoyable and give you a lto of room to improve your tactics. It is not too complex but well made system, neat!What is bad in the game you ask? Campaign is well... casual if I may say so. Nothing too impressive.Also ways to earn credits are not too well balanced. I mean, I tried all of them at some point and all of them were nice. But at the start you can't trade too well because you have low cargo. So it is better do just do missions. But then you get more cargo and maybe minning equipment. Then trading suddenly gives more profit than missions. And you can mine something along the way. But theeen, you need 8.000.000 for a ship. Doing missions at this point is way faster than trading. And minning becomes obsolete because you still have the same ores. Maybe I just had bad luck. But I found highest tier ores only once through my playthrough.Anyway thats it. I would highly recommend this game if you like meaningfull ship upgrades and don't mind a little grind. Have fun!"
76561197971076257,Recommended,290300,18712869,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Korbor,"Love this game so far, the graphics are good but would look good on most machines I think. The open world feel is perfect especially if you like space adventures. They have truly nailed the go anywhere do anything be anyone, you can be Good and work with the military or bad and raid and pillage. If that's not your cup of tea try mining and trading then, there is also a metric♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of side quests you can do or guilds to join. The ships and their customization is also well done. They do need some additional NPC animations during Hails or at the stations as you will notice you are running into the same guys but it is still early access.I would highly recommend this game for the price, I had no idea this game was coming but it is so far my favorite Space RPG of the year!"
,Recommended,290300,18713290,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,kousies,"This is a really fun, arcade-style space sim. Anyone who loved Freelancer should give it a whirl."
76561198076230770,Recommended,290300,18711302,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,sweeker,"Decent title, I enjoy it.Essentially it is on a 2D plane, as others mentioned, but I find it not important in this case, since you are flying only large ships anyway - looking at Starpoint Gemini 2 (which fearures large ships only also but in full 3D) movement anyway more or less doesn't revolve around the 3rd Dimension so much, as in a game where you'd fly dogfighting little ships.Which brings me to the namedropping of Freelancer, I see al lot.It's not like Freelencer for me, for the same reason as SPG2: no fighters, no dogfighting, so you don't have the fast paced, zooming flight feeling as in Freelancer.That doesn't have to be a bad thing, it's just different.Graphics are shiny, combat is more fast paced than SPG2, although ship classes are comparable.Another namedrop is the TV sries Firefly, which I instantly associated too, but this vibe is mostly because of the music score - i guess with other custom music, this Firefly vibe would be gone.Setting is rather standard free roam space sim, with missions (quite some different ones with time and ""levelling"" curve), trading, mining(which I found very useless money/time wise, except at the very start, maybe there are good spots somewhere though...), a decently interesting main story and so on.The gameworld is mostly randomly generated each new game.The star systems and their availlable equipment are organized in tiers, comparable to SPAZ or Freelancer, at the same time there seems to be a different scaling for missions, which seems to depend on your overall equipment level.What I instantly liked, is the freedom you have in approach:You can pirate trade ships via dialogue options (you can shoot them too of course).Contrary to Freelancer, you can actually really play as a pirate affiliate and do the story at the same time.Or so is my impression at least, since once I had pirate affiliation, a ""mirrored"" main mission did pop up, I'm pretty sure i could have followed that main story strain instead.I didnt, because sadly the military faction will drop to hostile, once you are not hostile with pirates anymore and I didn't want to go that route... maybe in another playthrough.The title, as I understand, is from an experienced indie team, which shows at times - it is not as polished as some triple A titles, but it is solid and I didn't encounter many glitches, no gamebreaking bugs.And it's around 20 bucks, not 40-60...Some people said keyboard+mouse won't work well, but I personally don't have problems with that so far.You can remap the keybindings and using the mouse for aiming, controlling the camera angle works fine for me.The two most annoying things for me are:- the rather barebone save system. You can choose a save slot for your playthrough, so not to overwrite an older one, but the rest happens only per autosave and it uses only this specified slot, overwriting it constantly, like Far Cry 3.It saves each time you undock from a station, which works fine.And it saves when you leave to main menu - this is problematic, if you don't know this and save this way in a hopeless fight ending up in a dead end situation, where you can't escape nor access an old save.(I personally expect, or hope, this will be patched some time, to give more control over the saves, because it is really bothersome).I suggest to backup the save files (in ""MyDocuments"" for me) regularily.- the one moment, I really miss the 3D movement is, when trying to avoid obstacles. Semi-quoting futurama, in this dimension you can't step over something, you only can step around it.Other than that it's definately a nice time killer."
76561197985751498,Recommended,290300,18711997,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Maugrinn,"If you liked Sid Meiers Pirates, and you like space games, you wil love this game (I do)"
,Recommended,290300,18712020,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Windir Kvitrafn [NOR],"I don't write many reviews, but this game really deserves one.This game is good! Buy it if you like fast paced, action packed space games.Oh, and the music is so good it's almost worth the price alone."
76561198002211553,Recommended,290300,18681860,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,TurtleBoy,"Excellent space sim!  Reminds me of Privateer but completely redone and updated.  Robust commodity market, diverse ships, and many factions to interact with.  And honestly, after thinking about it, the lack of 3D movement is not a drawback at all.  In most other space sims most people stay in the ecliptic anyway as there is nothing to see or do out of the eclipitic.  A good idea to keep people where the action is - why complicate matters?  Did I mention - it has wingman that don't die instantly and stupidly?  Best space sim in many years!  :)"
,Recommended,290300,18682420,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Dewar,"I just beat this after mainlining the last half of the story. It was very hard since my ship fell behind in upgrades and required some pretty fancy flying. I would say a more resonable completion time would be around 30 hours.This isn't an immersive space sim, it's more of an arcadey game than that, but I had a wonderful time and plan on going back in and playing another character. Graphics, music, and the flight model are all great. 2D flying really was the right decision here. The only complaint I have is the lack of variety of non-story quests, but there's enough to do out there to last 20-30 hours for sure.Well worth the price paid. I found it more entertaining than the recent releases in the Elite or X series."
,Recommended,290300,18677302,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Kelanor,"Game is awesome. Flows smoothly on a controller since it's a 2d playing field, less crap to worry about. You just jump in, blow stuff up, and have a great time. :)Running the game from the perspective of capital ships is amazing, and the music is to die for. Music feels right out of Sons of Anarchy. You're the Space Biker!"
,Recommended,290300,18677573,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Blitzkreuz,"The gameplay, the optic, the sound. Great game I can highly recomment."
76561198001935888,Recommended,290300,18680611,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Shortpath,"A wonderful space game in the lineage of freelancer. Don't come to this game expecting the level of detail of EVE, but if you want to feel like a space cowboy, you've found the right game"
,Recommended,290300,21343427,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Bungwu,Reminded me of a simplified version of Freelancer with a sweet soundtrack.  I enjoyed it and hope they do some story DLC or a sequel.
,Recommended,290300,21441303,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,BonesCapone,"Take the ship-to-ship combat from the Assassin's Creed franchise, add a super-detailed economy system that makes when, where, what, and even how you buy and sell goods important. Shoot it into space. Leave it to simmer and be developed by just two guys. Season with the single greatest licensed soundtrack on Steam. Add your own pathed (certain songs play in combat, others play while exploring or browsing) music to taste. Receive the single-most criminally fun game in, or out of, this world."
76561198004943857,Recommended,290300,21409865,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,whitalon,"i highly reccomend this game. it has amazing music and i know people dont play games for the music but 10 of 10 for music. combine that with an excellent game. its challenging, requires different tactics for different scenarios... you know what. this game is awesome, your wasting time reading this. seriously, worth every penny. i have 20 plus titles including fallout 4 and i find myself playing this just as much. buy it, start pirating, mining, escorting, missions... again i am wasting your time. buy it."
,Recommended,290300,21421887,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,The Dark Templar (GO TIGERS),"Love this game, quick way to make money is doing delivery with a fast ship, just ignore all enemies :D and make money hahah"
76561197986342301,Recommended,290300,21408638,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,allsra,fun game with easy control.great idea to be able to add your own music mix ito the gamejust wished storyline was longer/better and more option for customization
76561198073068934,Recommended,290300,21347247,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Mr Sirk,Space Singleplayer Action. PewPew. 8.5/10. Worth.
,Recommended,290300,21370944,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Sidd Vicious(VR),"excellent game, the UI and 360 controller set up is perfect, the battles are intense and non grindy, skill is required to land a perfect broadside, ship and weapon configuration is the deciding factor in survival.i have many other space battle sims, but this one is by far the smoothest and enjoyable game i have playedExcellent job Devs, and this one is highly recommended"
76561198026842682,Recommended,290300,21372835,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Thorvald,"Great game, worth playing!"
,Recommended,290300,21394638,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,kevincart1,"This is not going to be a long review. I really enjoy the game. It runs well even on my I5 laptop with intel 5500 graphics. It doesnt take long to get the hang of the game. I am troubled by only one thing, that is the lack of movement on the vertical plane. I have Elite:Dangerous on my Xbox One, and coming from that game to this one feels a bit crippling. Many things in this game appear off of the horizontal axis and you have to wait for them to come into plane. I understand fully why the game developer did this. This was done to simplify space flight for those that are not used to the 3 axis of movement available in most space games. It can be disorienting.  I will say that it is a good game. It is fun, and that is the bottom measure of a game. Would I return it if i could? Yes. I am used to full flight freedom, and it feels a bit platform-ish only being able to move on the horizontal axis. I will recommend the game for space sim novices and those just wanting casual space combat/trade/exploration sim. But for me its a no go, i just cant help feeling like i am in a house with low ceilings. Thanks for your time."
76561198137427429,Recommended,290300,21323727,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,jeffw23,"My only complaint about Rebel Galaxy is this: It's too short, MORE, I NEED MORE!!!! This game is amazing. If they could make some DLC that would be AMAZING."
76561197971800011,Recommended,290300,18722367,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Paladinistic,"Rebel Galaxy is one of those games that comes along that makes you love gaming all over again. The game is simple in its design yet just complex enough to keep you interested in getting better. Upgrades to hull and weapons are felt imediately, its rewarding to move forward.To be honest there is not much new to the game world here but the mash of previous games here comes up a real winner. Combat is fun and exploration is interesting. I have yet to finnish the game but I can see that I will be building a battle ship for the story and the custom crafts will come after the main plot has been laid to rest.I am a huge fan of the sound track, it fits this game. Not much to dislike, travel times can be long but you never know what you are going to run into.If you are looking to get a easy to pick up game that scratches that Sci-Fy itch while letting you be the capitan of a massive ship in deep space... wait no more. This may not be the main course of your meal but its the appitizer you talk about all night long."
76561198027377791,Recommended,290300,21170236,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Ayegor,"This game is seriously like if you took Mount & Blade and slapped a Firefly skin on it!  It's friggin' wonderful and addicting and I am thouroughly enjoying it!  And the MUSIC!!!Only 2 problems that could've made the game so much better:-You're stuck on two planes.  Yup, you can't go up or down, just left or right.  You can't even barrel roll for crying out loud!  If there were 3 planes of movement, this game would have so much more depth.  This does, however, work to the game's advantage since the combat is BROADSIDE SPACESHIP combat, so it takes away a whole layer of complexity.  Do not go into this game thinking it will be a space combat simulator.  That it is not.-Lack of a crew.  This game NEEDS crew members, all with their own jobs and, perhaps, personalities.  This would add yet another layer of customization and depth.The only other thing that would've been friggin' awesome would be to actually build your own ship, but I don't see how, being the position you are in at the start, that would happen realistically.If you like Firely and have always wanted to feel like Malcom Reynolds, play this game.  You won't regret it."
76561198049717155,Recommended,290300,21170730,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,The Gauntman,A great game for $20 period. It has all the trappings of a space sim with a fun combat system.
,Recommended,290300,21170972,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Blackwolf,It's a great game.
,Recommended,290300,21171241,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,chunter,"good space game, great for the price. really nice on graphics on my 34"" screen and nice story in the game. recommend the game if you want to scratch that space game itch. I hope these guys make some more."
76561198017385965,Recommended,290300,21172009,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,trialew,"First the facts.- Functions best when used with a controller vs. mouse/keyboard- Movement/combat happens on a 2D plane- When not in combat, it has other elements very much like Privateer/Freelancer/Tachyon (incremental upgrades for your ship's systems/weapons/addons, and the ability to purchase better ships)- Voice acting for the story missions is well done- I've only played this for aboue 8 hours before this reviewNext, the opinions.- Soundtrack is very catchy, utilizing real music- Combat feels very much like Assasin's Creed Black Flag- Graphics are nice, but not best.  Great frame rates should be achievable on many different configs.- Trade is well executed so long as you have visited a place already- It's space and we cannot move in three dimensions- I can see it getting a bit repetitive, but the challenges do ramp up little by little- For the price, you could do a lot worse with your money"
,Recommended,290300,21282804,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Maelmorda,"I've got a couple hours in it now. It's not a big learning curve and I'm finding the game very engaging so far. If you accept if for what it is, instead of what you wish it was, it's a pretty cool game. Good story line and great soundtrack."
76561198008987884,Recommended,290300,21221251,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Banokles,"This game is becoming one of my fave games right now. The music is awesome, the combat is fun and there are so many places to go and so much upgrading you can do to your ship and so many different ships to buy which are all unique and are really well modeled... this price is such a good deal I'd pay a full $60 for it."
76561198067924271,Recommended,290300,21290285,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,kyoshi,"I pretty much beat the game after 40 hours. The campaign is short, but only because I chose to make it so.The best ship in the game is the Barracuda. Seriously. You can't get better. Unless you like being a slow tank. then get something else.Graphics - awesome. you are in fact on a 2d plane, and enemies can move in 3d, but it doesn't matter as your automatic weapons target them for you. When things blow up, it looks legit.Sound - when things blow up, it sounds legit. Even though there is no sound in space, but hey whatever. the soundtrack to this game is one of the best soundtracks to a game I've ever heard. you really do feel like a SPACE COWBOY. Reminds me of Outlaw Star. Story is like, a sprinkle of outlaw star in it, but really minimal. no spoilers there.story - not really. but who cares? It's a Mcguffin to get you into the blowing up other ships part.Fun factor - really fun! The start is slow as usualy in any game, but once you figure out how to use your ship, and get some gold for upgrades, it's a blast. Very addictive game. You chose the playstyle. Outlaw? Trader? one of the good guys?I was on the good side of the game until towards the end, where I decided I wanted to jack trading ships and blow them up if they didn't give me there stuff.I'm going to keep playing it. Maybe do a restart and go to the pirate side."
,Recommended,290300,21285694,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,rovon,"This game is what I've been looking for in a space game for a long time: simplified EVE offline. I loved EVE but I have a full time job already and I don't want pay a sub to be a stat analyst/charatered acountant for free in my spare time. The planer style of combat and travel removes a lot of the pointless complexity of capitol ship battles. The mission system is simple enough to follow easily while not being so complex or esoteric that it looses one.TLDR:- Arcady with a fun amount of customization: EVE offline.- Good story line.- AMAZING Music and ""alein"" language voiceovers.- Polsihed feel.Please make more of this game. Keep this style and model you'll have a customer for life."
76561198031822170,Recommended,290300,18622997,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,JanusXi,"First things first.I like this game. The pricing is fair and alright.But stop saying this is Freelancer. It is not. Star Systems and trade are a common in any space game.It has a random quest/mission system and a main story line like Freelancer and this is were they start to differ.The broad fighting system makes this a whole another experience.Another thing are the drops like shield boost you got in Freelancer.Ships in Freelancer were Dog Fighter, fast turning, front fire arc and you had to fire them manually.This game doesnt have this concept.Anyway some pros and cons:Pro:CombatGraphicMusicRandom SystemsWingman/woman/xeno/robotCon:Gameplay elements (will explain further down)2D (fully aware when buying, will explain futher down)One Button for: Docking/Warping/Looting/Acceleration (Context sensitive)So the two cons for me, which happen to drag down the fun quite a lot are this.The gameplay elements i dont like are enemies with missiles/mines/torpedes.See, you have a limited amount of them. Limited like under 24 for the first you can buy.The enemy isnt limited. They will spam this♥♥♥♥♥♥like no tomorrow.I am not exaggerating. I tested an enemy frigate, after i shot down all of the smaller fighters. Five minutes into the fight it was still spamming Hornets and Heat Seeker.The complains about 2D ties someone into gameplay.See, there are fields of debris and asteroid everywhere. The systems are rather big, but while ""warping"" (Fast Travel, has to be engaged after a build up time of 3-5sec), you will be dropped out by enemies, debris, asteroids. And because its 2D , you have to fly around them, if you want your warping.I dont mind it happening sometimes. But it gets old rather quick. Warping, dropping out, killing/avoiding stuff, build up time, warping, dropping out...you get the idea.Tl;drGood naval space game for time killing with some unlucky gameplay decisions."
,Recommended,290300,18623428,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Samuentaga the Socialist Doggo,"Like Space? Like Assassin's Creed style Naval Combat? Like Grungy Country Music? Then this game is a pretty good bet.The levels are procedurally generated and the visuals are fantastic, but this isn't Elite Dangerous. While set in space, the combat functions on a 2D plane, similar to naval combat. It works similar to Black Flag, with broadsides being your main form of defenceWhile set in space and with similar mechanics, this is not a space sim like Elite. Elite is a massive, slow grind, and while R.G. offers tonnes of replayability and endgame content (that I haven't gotten to yet) the game is nowhere near as big or complex as Elite. I do think the combat is more fun, but that's probably just because I'm better at it than Elite.It's definitely not going to live up to Elite, Star Citizen or even No Man's Sky in terms of scope, but it's a pleasant and worthwile investment with a fun gimmick."
76561198073301953,Recommended,290300,18603729,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,dmulholland100,"Great music! Good concept. Good graphics. Crucially flawed gameplay. The key problem is the mouse interface. Whenever you touch the mouse (I tried several), to do things like aim in a firefight, it automatically zooms in to a top down view of the ship, so you can get a closeup of your ship taking damage and do nothing useful to change things. To get the view up, you must scoot the mouse about four feet with max sensitivity to see who is attacking you and keep scooting the mouse to aim or get a glimpse of the object you're about to run into. It's basically a FPS where it defaults to looking down at your feet and you have to scoot like mad to glance at the enemies.  I can't believe they actually released a game where the mechanics of gameplay fundamentally don't work.Addendum: I'm on a Mac. The fix to the mouse control largely fixed the issue. Broadside aiming is still quite difficult because the camera still pans down automatically, although it is much, much easier to compensate for and the ship still often obscures the view of the target. I find I'm still guessing where the enemy is and firing blind, although often accurately. While clunky, it is now playable."
76561198097948645,Recommended,290300,18623663,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Rhinothewino,A 2d naval combat game in space.  Nothing fancy just plain fun. Definitely worth the $20 price tag.    If you are looking for a casual time waster that is not to intense this is your game.
,Recommended,290300,18623703,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Aleeeeex,"The best ""Space"" game on Steam - Also the cheapest!Devs are very quick with patches. I play with mouse & keyboard and it works just fine!"
76561198021666537,Recommended,290300,18623761,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,arjen,"So this wil be the first time i will be writting a review so bear with me.The combat in thisgame is pretty good for a spacecombat game, i particularly like the fact that they try to not make it overcomplicated, Then there is just the feeeling of freedom that you get. You get to go anywhere you want at any point. The feeling of vastness of space is also beautifully achieved, without making the travel times to long.The game has a lot of ships to updrage to and a lot of upgrades for these ships. The story could be better, but that is not what this game is about anyway. The combat system is excellent. There is great music and athmosphere within the game.Now for some of the negatives, the most glaring thing that i am missing is an experience system either for the crew or the captain. This could have created another interesting dimension to the game. Also the fact that you cannot assemble a fleet isquite disapointing, (you can hire a mecenary but only one at a time).All in all this game is one of the more enjoyable games i have played lately and i would definetly recommend it for everyone."
76561197989724251,Recommended,290300,18621774,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,MeatHammer,"It's fun, Like really fun, but it's worth it just for the soundtrack alone."
,Recommended,290300,18621841,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,the.dude,This game is a heck of a lot of fun!  It's less than $20.  What are you waiting for?  Buy it now.
76561198083791157,Recommended,290300,18621883,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Lil Mayo,OH THE SHIPS MY SHIPS MY SHIPS MY SHIPS
76561197970320868,Recommended,290300,18621943,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,sizer99,"This game is giving me everything I WANTED from Star Citizen.Heading into an iceteroid (ice asteroid) field at high speed, drop out, surrounded by Double Jack a-holes, with my Trigun soundtrack blazing (it lets you add your own music to  the already excellent soundtrack).  Take out a few small fry, then scream around a giant iceteroid to sneak up on the big gunship, unleash a swarm of missiles in its face, then a couple broadsides and it explodes, taking out the iceteroid with it. My wingman helps clean up the trash.It's 'only' 2D, with 3D graphics, but it works really hard to make you feel so f#@$ing epic.Remember those old Ambrosia games like Escape Velocity (and of course Star Control)? It’s like that except 3d engine and you’re right down behind the ship and that makes things a lot more badass."
,Recommended,290300,18621976,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,cabooseMK2,This game is great. cross between FTL with the ability to move around and SPAZ. Really like it.
76561198064187292,Recommended,290300,18622001,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Gunsaw,This game is addicting!
,Recommended,290300,18604902,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Direwood ﺧ益ﺨ,"As I look back fondly at Freelancer and how I could spend nights hunting pirates and trading illegal goods in the edges of the galaxy, I noticed Rebel Galaxy hit steam and thought, wonder if this is going to be one of those “trying to hard” games or actually good.Well it’s actually good.Now I’m not going to call it a masterpiece, but I will say it is very entertaining in this day and age where everyone is trying to do something new and innovative. I suppose the kinda new thing is how the combat works, closest example is probably world of warships, but in space and even that comparison is not giving it justice.--Movement and Combat.--The ship that you pilot is on a horizontal axis so you can only move back, forwards and sideways, this makes it easier to pilot the ship and aim your guns to your target. Targeting is automatic in a sense that the target you are directly aiming at is your primary target.The ships you pilot have broadside ports on both sides of the ship and the number of them varies on the ship you pilot, The Broadside is your primary weapon as you can’t set it to automatically fire.Your ship also has turret spots, however your turrets can be set to automatically fire at set targets and you can choose the primary target for each individual turret.You also have access to a secondary armament slot that can be outfitted with different armaments ranging from flak fighter/rocket countermeasures to mines and missiles.--Ships and components.--As you would imagine, you can buy and outfit a wide array of different ships, each with their own unique specialities. This also means some ships are more heavily armored than others, or boast more potential firepower.Most things on the ships can be upgraded to a better variant, like more armor plating, better shields, thrusters, engines, bigger cargo hold and so on, you get the general idea.--Stations and trading.--Each solar system that you can enter and explore has stations and these stations, mostly, can be used as a hub to repair, refill and outfit your ship to your liking. However, that is not all you can do. You can visit the bar to get the latest news from the news board that gives you an idea what is going on in your solar system, this is an ever changing system, some stations might have a tech boom that bumps up the price of technological trade goods, making it more lucrative for traders to sell their goods to that particular station, this mostly means you.You can also pick up different missions from the mission board, that all range from, go and kill this dood, defend this dood from being killed by this dood, pick up this thing that this dood lost and so on, you get the general idea.As you would imagine, one of the easiest ways to earn money is to work the market. Buy a bulk of trade goods for cheap from a back end station and take it to a prime trade port to get the most out of your goods, rinse and repeat.I remember making convoluted trade routes in Freelancer to earn millions in a few hours simply by working the market, flying from system to system, buy goods that are cheap in that system, fly to the nearest highest bidder and sell the goods and repeat the same thing. I can imagine this tactic would work here and even slightly better because of the ability to steer your ship during warp.Like I mentioned earlier, stations are not solely for trading however. Some stations are designated as guild bases, like for example the first system you start in houses a merchants guild that offers unique ships and components unique to that faction.--Interaction.--What I mean with interaction is just the general interaction with other pilots that you come across while flying around in space. Your choices matter, not much, but they matter. The same goes for your story missions, like for example, one mission in the beginning you have the chance to bribe a pirate to make themselves disappear or just kill him like you’re asked to.These sorta decisions keep popping up all along your adventures and even in random encounters while exploring, like for example, you just saved a trader from pirates and scanned his cargo hold to find some very expensive materials, do you kill the guy or let him go?--Verdict.--I would imagine that Rebel Galaxy is very good for what it is trying to do, it’s deep enough to keep people of different moralities happy. Sure it’s not the most beautiful looking game out there, but it’s not a game you want to put a paper bag over either. Combat is nice and simple and offers variety of what weapons you can and want to use, same goes for ships and other components. For people looking for a slightly more casual space sim, Rebel Galaxy is your game.And let’s not forget the bloody music, oh my gawd the music. So Firefly, So Firefly.https://youtu.be/5cpp1nKsLMM"
76561198019471090,Recommended,290300,18622145,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,evolutionfq400,Rebel Galaxy helps fill the void of simplistic but highly addicting space combat.
,Recommended,290300,18622317,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,cad,"Competent mix of Freelancer, Elite & co for the setting, AC:Black Flag for the broadside naval combat (in space!), and Sid Meier's Pirates for the scummy yet light hearted mood of the world and storyline.Very easy to get into, no complex controls or pages over pages of keybinds - just a controller works awesomely.Those of you who love the complexity in 6DOF games like Wing Commander or, more recently, Elite Dangerous, might find the restriction to plane space (2DOF) frustrating though - I did too at first, but its a different kind of game, suited for a different set of mechanics.Love it."
,Recommended,290300,18622318,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Captain Kidd,Great game tons of fun plug in your ps4 controller and hdmi cable to your tv and ur set
76561198098488091,Recommended,290300,18627044,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,zacharias9999,"This game is fine.After watching vaious youtubers play the previews I was excited.After 16 hours I relized it is like any other game. It is a fine time waster.It in no way compares to the old startrek games since they had 3 dimensions but it is fine in its own right.Like every game it is ""get bigger, get stronger, meet bigger foes get wreked, get bigger, get stronger, beat said foes, meet bigger foes...etc""So yeah it is fine."
76561198000789542,Recommended,290300,18627094,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,wer24,"Not X5, Not freelancer, much better then most space games. Think Firefly, with bigger ships, minus the ground stuff. Its pretty neat. Its a testament to how a sound track can make a game.I have not finished the game but I am getting there and I love it so far here are my thoughts, maybe updated when I finishPros:Lots of ships- It seems like the two main factions have 8 and then there are a few more.Lots of parts for those ships- All sorts of interesting mods to your standard ship stuff, Cool things like deflectors that make enemies take damage when you ram them!Decent Combant(read in cons)- Cool combat system, it changes up the standard sit and shoot captial ship fightsGreat Sound Track- speaks for itselfOk StorylineCons:2D movement, yea its not a deal breaker but its sucks when  you need to get around as asteroid. I get that it is alot more work to do but it would of helped a lot about the game.Horrible voice overs for some characters, some are great but most are ehh, maybe you should not of gotten your friend. In particular a few of the mercs you can hireCombat can be finicky, things like bad feed back, infinate missles from opposing ships when you can only carry 20 or so and the like is annoying.Artifical scaling, when you get stronger suddenly most enemies do too. It makes it hard to progress as often your upgrades feel a little meaningless.Overall-Get it, for the price it is great. It could be better, I hope it is open to mods as there is a lot more that could be done with this game. Particularly a randomized universe expansion.It isn't X, it isn't a dogfighting game it is its own thing."
,Recommended,290300,18626575,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,TheCas,"Reminds me a lot of Freelancer back in the day. Very simple Game with that for the price will keep you having fun till Star Citizen comes out (whenever that is...lol) Lots of things to do in game other then main mission.Pros: Its a Space game!!!, Firefly like Music, Some very funny interactions with NPC's, Can import your own music into game if you wantCons: No up down Movement, Very Basic ship maneuverability, Single Player (Con For some so put it here)For the Sale price right now I am sure it will keep me busy till the next best thing comes out"
,Recommended,290300,18670384,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,genesis8472,Slide guitar and space combat. Sold.
76561197974811964,Recommended,290300,18659268,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Kirkkid,"Great game if you enjoyed Freelancer. The 2d ship combat/flight works fine for this game, reminds me of the old Starfleet Command games."
76561198028082862,Recommended,290300,18659377,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Maurício Bandeira,"The soundtrack and ships gives this game a Firefly vibe to it, the broadside combat is cool, it's 2D, only fighters move above or below you but your turrets can take care of them. The trading is great, faction is great, you can hail npcs ships like in Freelancer. The atmosphere is really great, the only thing I wish they could have done better to improve it is to add more npc chatter (stations giving docking permissions and whatnot) and actual docking animation like in Freelancer. But for the asking price, it's a great buy."
76561197970939643,Recommended,290300,18665837,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Grimloon,"Lovely little game, I thoroughly recommend it if you're looking for a simplified space game with minimal sim elements. The story is about as believable as Freelancer (by that I mean ludicrously cheesy but in a good way), it has an excellent soundtrack and is something you can mostly relax while playing. Well, until you go to a distress call and get jumped by 4 frigates, a command ship and more fighters than you can count! Ouch?I'd suggest taking a more patient approach rather than rushing through the story, the difficulty ramps up a lot between the first two systems so you'll probably want about a million credits to upgrade systems to be on a par with the NPC factions. Some of the best weapons also appear to be looted rather than bought (Viridian Beam? Oh aye! 3.8 k range and rips through shields like nobody's business!)Physics is out of the window, they never heard of Newton as you can stop dead then turn on the spot before almost immediately being up to max speed again. The weapon types seem a little limited but they do the job and fill the required niches, they just get upgraded to a new mark as far as I've seen but I'm currently playing the legit route, different factions appear to have some slightly diferent hardware available which you might be able to loot.Overall it's just good fun with a space/wild west theme that doesn't take itself too seriously."
,Recommended,290300,18665889,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,diermada,"Well done Double Damage! I very much enjoy this game - love the freedom and the simplicity. I enjoy discovering how my actions affect the economy - and too many other elements of the game to list. This is elegant and well thought out game development for a fair price.I very much hope for additional content.Some things I would love to see:- The ability to ""zoom out"" from the ship - in various situations (like mining etc.) where it would be helpful.- The ability to customize the visual appearance of ships - or see purchased turrets affect the ship's look.- The ability to purchase (from the merchant guild - or whoever) - price tracking software for my ship- The ability to make lateral movements with my ship (if I'm too close to a mining node - for example)Anyways - thanks for making a solid game."
,Recommended,290300,18830428,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,{pDs} Rikaelus,"I'd give this a 4 out of 5 stars. It's enjoyable and can scratch a ""blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up"" itch pretty nicely. There's just enough strategy to battles to keep them interesting but not so much that it becomes a concentration drain. There's not a lot of depth to the game but I didn't expect much for the $20 price tag.The reason for the missing star is that the UI and experience is a little rough around the edges and the controls can be very slightly awkward. The lack of HP indicators make checking shield/armor strength a little troublesome. There's also a bug preventing the sale of surplus ship components but I expect that be fixed up in short order.All in all a good little game for $20. I've gotten my money out of it for sure.(and yes, the country twang kind of music does seem to work very well for the space/frontier feel)"
76561198005687015,Recommended,290300,18830568,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Crackers,"Very enjoyable game where you learn that space will be colonized by tentacle aliens and Australians. In fact, it's probably what Mad Max would be were it set in space.The developer is very responsive and has been effective in fixing bugs."
,Recommended,290300,18821807,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,hijinks_the_turtle,"This game is absolutely off the walls amazing.  If you like the space cowboy theme of shows like Cowboy Bebop, Firefly/Serenity, or even the insane and wild adventures of Space Dandy, Outlaw Star, and Star Wars (specifically Han Solo), GET THIS GAME.A warning though, YOU FIGHT LIKE A SHIP IN THE SEA which means broadsides and stuff, BUT IN SPACE!  This means no going up or down or even do maneuvers like rolling.  Remember, you're a larger ship and not a light fighter or gunship.  Other than that, you can do so many things that aren't missions, such as cause a food shortage in a station and sell food for higher prices, indirectly cause wars by killing off a diplomatic ship, and other such activities (not going to spoil it).  Yes there is a story to it, but I think this game is better for those who like to make their own as they play."
76561197994522213,Recommended,290300,18821990,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Kirsendarken,"TLDR: It’s awesome, but I have some nits to pick.I finished the campaign in an Arcturus with level 6 defenses, a mix of level 5 pulse turrets and particle lasers, and level 6 neutron beams in about 21 hours (net worth just under 40 million). My equipment level was such that the final set of missions was pretty easy (I don’t think I lost shields once during the final battle, and the mission itself was listed as low risk).Liked:Combat: I read some comments before purchasing the game lamenting the fact that it didn’t allow full 3-D motion. While I initially held some of the same concerns, I very quickly fell in love with the navel style combat system, which would have been difficult if not impossible to pull off well in a fully 3-D environment. From the carefully aimed long range broadsides to those exhilarating moments when you slam the side of your ship into your opponent and scream “Fire at Will!” as you pull the trigger as fast as you can, combat is an absolute blast.Movement: As an addendum to combat, the movements system in battles, especially when you reach the higher levels of boosters, is amazing as well. The sudden acceleration you see while surging along the side of a much larger ship trying to avoid its broadside feels like it should by squeezing you into the back of your seat. This, plus the broadside mechanic, combine to make combat absolutely enthralling.Ship Design: I really like the types and variety of ships available to captain and kill. From the industrial ships of the common citizen to the more refined combat ships of the militia to the strange and futuristic designs of the alien races, there is a very nice variety of ship designs in the game. There hasn’t been one ship that I’ve looked at and haven’t said “Oooooo, I wanna fly THAT!”Ship to Ship Scale: I really like how ship scale progresses in the game as you earn enough credits to purchase larger and larger vessels. You start off as a small ship trying to make it in the big leagues, desperately firing your boosters in an attempt to avoid a larger vessel’s broadside while keeping him under fire from your own. Later on you become that larger ship, trying to turn fast enough to keep that pesky fly in your sights before his constant fire wears through your shields. Seeing ships I used to pilot seem as gnats compared to my current ships really hammers home the progression I’ve made in the game.The 'Risk' System: It may seem minor, but I really like the risk announcement. Hearing ""Threat Level: Red"" made my booster finger start to itch almost uncontrollably.Music: Makes it feel like I’m playing Firefly the Game. Enough said.Didn’t Like:Warp Inhibition: Warp inhibition by stellar mass seems to be a bit finicky. I often found myself being inhibited by smaller asteroids when I had a clear path through a field, getting back into warp, and then later in the trip having to jerk to the side to avoid a much larger asteroid whose surface I would barely skim while remaining in warp without a problem. I overall like the inhibition system, but it seems it could use some tweaking.Emptiness: I wasn’t exactly sure what to label this one. Basically, it felt that systems lacked traffic where you would expect it to be, and as a result the game felt a bit emptier then it should have. For example, I never encountered another ship around a jumpgate (except for the last story sequence, of course). Freelancer had a very good system in this respect, in that jumgates always had traffic moving through them, sometimes even enough that the player had to wait in line! Some of my best memories of that game were running from an enemy I couldn’t defeat and hoping that I would avoid the dreaded “entering queue” and be able to complete the jump sequence before my hull failed. Speaking of which…Ease of Escape: I felt it was a bit easy to escape from enemies that outclassed you. Shields recharging under deflectors combined with the fact that broadside don’t fire forward by nature meant that it was trivially easy to escape any situation. I think I died a total of twice in the 20 hours I played, and that was only because I made a conscious decision not to run when I knew I should have. I really feel that there is a missed opportunity in dramatic escapes here.Story: The story had an interesting premise but fell too quickly, in my opinion, into ‘save the world’ mode. I had hoped the story would focus more on “space wild west” type themes, like the conflict between the civilized core worlds and the wild frontier or between an expanding colonial power and those resisting that expansion. I could see hints of the latter in the story, but it ended up feeling more like a mass effect type overarching plot, which I felt fit the lore and feel of the game less well.With all that said, I want to reiterate how much I really like Rebel Galaxy. It’s a fun, fast paced game with an awesome soundtrack and even better combat. I’m really interested to see where the developers take it from here and will almost certainly be purchasing whatever they create next."
76561197987132602,Not Recommended,290300,18846038,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Iraq Lobster,"This game is fun and I really enjoyed playing, but it seems that since last patch saves were removed making my 15hrs of grinding and playing for what I wanted just poof. Its worth the price and if on sale super worth it. Just sad I wasted the time ;/"
76561197982727298,Recommended,290300,18846090,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Iron Druid,"Very Fun Game!  I am not a hardcore space simulation player but this game is a lot of fun for my casual playing style.  I get to play a few hours here and there during the week and this was well worth the 20 bucks.  Good soundtrack, good graphics, plenty of content.  You do have to grind missions to upgrade ships and weapons but it is still fun to do and not that time consuming.Also had fun reading up on which weapon combos are better for capitol ships vs. fighters.  Made the game so much more enjoyable after researching that."
76561198059076975,Recommended,290300,18819805,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Ogedei,"yup firefly but with better music.highly recomended.in fact this little game that did....should be a wake up call to the giantgame developers....when two dudes, make a great game which combinesa simple enough interface with engageing content...the graphics do not need to be photo-realistic.most if not all true classics heed this advice. ex. MOO1, MOO2, baulders gate franchise, eternal pillers, planscape torment, hell even privater, wing commander, and freelancer.. etc etc.people just want to play a decent game at decent prices that comes out on time it does not have to be...PERFECT!   Who wants to wait 3yrs and pay nearly 100mil for a game that never comes out...hint hint Star Citizen? given a choice between 3-4 years of promises of the perfect game which if it does come out is a let down due to all the hype...or a dirty efficent, less than perfect but has heart game which comes out early and exceeds expectations all for 20 dollars...well....that in my tiny oppinion is the game for me.GO GET THIS GAME....!its only 20 bucks made by two firefly fans...no way to loose."
76561197997711921,Recommended,290300,18817092,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,smalltownpatriot,"I finished the storyline just recently and it was fun! Thank you to the developers for such a great time! I had my friends sit to my left and my right while during the final storyline battle, then there was a giant explosion and they all said ""Woah!"" at the same time. It was epic. I'm now shopping for similar games to enjoy what this genre has to offer, and I'll definitely play more Rebel Galaxy when the developers come back with more for me to do in the universe they've created."
76561198008518180,Recommended,290300,19693204,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Blackvein,Definitely worth it!
76561197979206998,Recommended,290300,19713323,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,NullWolf,"I'm loving this game and it's soundtrack.Single-player so it's great for casual gaming.Just me and my ship, cruisin' the 'verse, mining, killing pirates, doing odd jobs for everyone...Can't take the sky from me... ;)"
,Recommended,290300,19713805,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,CZero,I wrote a dutch blog about the game:http://steph.taizer.net/2015/12/rebel-galaxy-waar-komt-deze-ineens-vandaan/TL:DR If you loved Wing Commander: Privateer or Freelancer? Play this game!
76561197960868862,Recommended,290300,19269875,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Lord Bear,"Great game in the vien of Privateer.  Interesting 2d naval style combat.  Fantastic soundtrack, with the ability to put in your own songs if its not to your taste.A lot of fun!"
76561198061261360,Recommended,290300,19242843,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,iScriptz,"This game is like perfect to me.... Nothing feels better then cruising through the galaxy with a killer soundtrack, guns galore, and being a badass pirate."
76561198198213381,Recommended,290300,19242200,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Trigunman,"Man, eat your heart out Han Solo!  Space adventure and star-RPG action not seen IMHO since the likes of Freelancer.  Great soundtrack, lots of gratutious space battles, arcade-like control, plenty of alien races to blast into the next dimension.  The controls, while a bit awkward at first to me, after a while they became intuitive and better than I'd say Freelancer's was...  And I'm an old sk00l die-hard Freelancer fan.The star systems are beautiful and actually laid out like a real star system, orbit paths shown and all,(via the map mind you) something I always wished Freelancer had done, instead of being static planets laid in a ""small"" star system.The attention to detail of the ships is great and you can even see ""scarring"" of battle damage done to your ship in realtime.  These things really give the feel to the game to make it truly a space sim.The dynamic economy and persistant universe features are also great features I loved from Freelancer are well done here also.  There are many many things done in Rebel Galaxy I had always wished Freelancer would be, but sadly it's no where near the depth and ""size"" of it.So with that said, the game is not without flaws though, It's story line is interesting and engaging, but also very short.  There is only a total of 14 solar systems in this game to explore, last I remember vanilla Freelancer had about 40-50 of them, some mods had an upwards of over 150 systems! (Crossfire 2.0)  Far too small of a universe to explore IMHO.While you do eventually upgrade to bigger and badder ships, sadly IMHO the name of the game is speed in these space battles and most of the big boys are far too slow to stay alive.  To me the only ""big ship"" to upgrade to is the Blackgate, (the biggest dreadnaught there is!) anything less and if you're overwhelmed, you simply won't be able to weather the assault or run from them.  Your upgrades, defenses and weapons are far more of an important factor in survival here as well as your tactics.(and hire a friggin' Merc fighter pilot!)As far as the BGM, I did enjoy the soundtrack at the beginning it eventually began wearing thin on me and I finally ended up muting the BGM.  Don't get me wrong, I love Blues Sacrenro and the songs are some of the best on a game's soundtrack I've heard in a long time, but listening to it for weeks on end?  Ahhhh, thanks but no thanks...In closing, the game has ALOT of great things going for it and I truly see it as a ""spiritual"" successor to Freelancer.  However, I can only assume due to the abbreviated schedule of the Double Damage team limited them to  what they were able to cram into the game is that sadly it's nowhere near of the likes of it's predecessors like Eve Online, the X series, Freelancer and so forth.  Therefore I feel you'll get your money's worth, but this is only if you're looking for something ""entry level"" in a space sim as this game is very approachable to casual gamers I'd say.  Try it for the space sim, stay for it's ""arcade-like"" action."
76561198123467046,Recommended,290300,19244059,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,ShadowKnightMDH,Great game if youre looking for a good time waster or just a fun game to play. Dont come into it looking for the greatest game ever but instead come into it expecting to be entertained by the symplistic style and gameplay that doesnt try to wow you with bad game mechanics.
,Recommended,290300,19225090,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Bluddworth,"This is a great game, a lot of fun and cheap."
76561198010865368,Recommended,290300,19275786,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,fallenshadow,great game alot like free lancer but fix the crashes also disable sticky key windows has in it or it crashes because you have to tap buttons to much and you active it
76561198122575384,Recommended,290300,19206736,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Darwinrox17,Great Game.  Wish you could customize the apearance of your ship. Whats being a bad a space pirate without the ability to wave my pirate flag??  Only complaint!
,Recommended,290300,19375923,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,DaiTengu,"This game is simply amazing.This game is the natural evolution of a 2d space scrolling shooter like Tyrian or Galactix.  It's a wonderful mix of those games, your standard space-trader game, based on Tradewars 2002, and Firefly all rolled up into one giant explosive ball of awesome.Many spaceship games now-days require days or even months of tutorials and online reading just to fit your ships properly, position your ship, what you can take on and what you can't, etc.   Rebel Galaxy you can just jump into and be blowing stuff up in minutes.   While i love a good space sim, The attention to detail and realistic physics in those games makes the learning curve incredibly difficult. Keeping this game on a single flat plane, and then creating the game around that plane is a stroke of sheer genius. I've even put down playing Fallout 4 for this."
76561197970559295,Recommended,290300,19363841,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Devothumbs,"Very fun.  Makes me think of what I hoped Mass Effect would be like when I first heard about that game.Traveling around, trading, light storyline wise but I enjoy that fact it makes exploring and fighting independently more compelling and makes me much more willing to try ganging up with the baddies.Combat is fun but not excellent, overall especially for the price this game is awesome.  Multiplayer capabilities for this game would be very very very interesting."
76561197979095986,Recommended,290300,23412385,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Sgt. Rock,"Now this, this is a space game worth playing. It doesnt cost more money to play it, purchase once and enjoy. No MP but who needs that crap these days? It's just a headache to play with other people, especially people who have nothing better to do than grief you. (EVE SUCKS)Ship based combat, upgrades upgrades upgrades. Wander the galaxy, utilize the economy, kill whoever you can, or please, and missions. And a story with missions. Yay! Missions!"
76561198049372192,Recommended,290300,23413805,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,H0dg1k1ll3r,"This game is one of the best space games I've played, right up there with SPAZ.  I think I might go so far as to say it's better than spaz.  I'm gonna have to start over and play as a pirate though.My only complaint: you can't blow up stations.One note: capitol ships (as in your ship) don't have a z axis (up and down)."
,Recommended,290300,23350706,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,ManTheHarpoons,"Is a good spacefighter game. Theres multiple equally viable way to earm money, skill can replace buying bigger ships (as in you dont neccasarily have to grind for the bigger endgame ships if your good enough), combat is detailed, and the missions/quests are varied. Is short, about 20-25 hours to complete the story line, but is an excellent game to waste a week of freetime on. Also the soundtrack is amazin.Would reccomend, would highly reccomend if on sale."
76561197961701030,Recommended,290300,23353243,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,SmartPaRts,Freelancer + Firefly + broadside combat. Great game.
76561198021761507,Recommended,290300,23353908,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,MadKingMidas,"Quite a wonderful space RPG. You never leave your ship, control all your weapons seperately, do whatever the hell you want, and there's minimal trading/resource management. It's everything a guy could ask for in a medium paced space adventure!"
76561198020783390,Recommended,290300,23358978,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Haconen,"fantastic game, wish i bought it sooner"
,Recommended,290300,23351990,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,[PA]BlackadderIV,"Just bought at the sale price. Excellent game - if you like open world space sims then this is a must.Has all the elements of ealier space PC classics yet with the graphics and game play of a modern AAA game.There are no load screens when landing and you can travel to objectvies without long, meaningless flights through empty space. So its fast to play and you get up and running very quickly.The combat is really good - fast and challenging but with a good balance of auto-systems and manually controlled weapon systems. It gets the balance just right. Upgrades have an immediate noticable impact and you can choose the upgrades to match your combat style.The mission story is fairly simple - but its interesting and nicely paced.Overall an excellent game and for the sale price this is an absolute bargain!"
76561198044194213,Recommended,290300,23386286,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,juggalo45ca,"so i like this game but if you are like me and read it maybe a freelancer successor it is wrong!!!this game is not a space game at all. space has no up down left or right and in this game there is. You are more like a sea vessal stuck on a flat playing ground as your enemies fly all over the place blasting the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you. this game is a good game dont get me wrong but its a shiney sea battle sim that looks like you are in space not a freelancer anything to put freelacer and this game in the same catagory (Softpedia i am pointing at you) makes you a dumb and unknowing person and you should not speak on what you do not understand.all that aside this game is fun and you can loss hours to it easy but here are some really good points in my eyes- the battle system is awesome for a few things (still chocked about the flat playing grounds for MY ship)- lots of ships, guns, and people for hire- good pace battle with a look that not many ""space style"" games have- vast and beautiful gameplay with lots of missions to do on the side, stuff to hunt down, and asteroids to mine (mining can be a pain without the right equipment) you will have lots to do to make money and get that boss ship you want :)- well designed character models that catch the eye or i should say did mine- sharp and clear vocies for the many there are and i love how the aliens speak there own language (in my eye someone did a great job with making the alien languages. but im sure we all tried to make a new language when we were kids.)- smooth controls with keybored and controler (i use a ps3 controler and i have had a few problems with other games because of the drivers i have to use but this game was perfect)all in all a great game and worth the little bit of couch change it cost methis review is only after 6 hour of game play but i will be dropping lots into it waiting for No Man Sky :Dthanks for reading"
76561198131202662,Recommended,290300,23386667,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,OmegaMaelstrom,"The videos are pretty accurate about gameplay.  I like the controls; not overly complicated but enough to make you act tactically.  The graphics are very good.There's plenty to do.  I'm about 5 hours in as of writing and like the fact that this game can be as casual or captivating as you want it.  There is the perfect amount of dialogue as well.  It's intriguing but not going to take you out of the action for long.  In fact, some of the dialogue will determine actions you will take.Be military, pirate, merchant, miner, helper...or combination.  This is a great buy.  I bought for $9.99 on sale, but I would pay the $19.99 having played it.  Definitely recommend."
76561198201172959,Recommended,290300,23403885,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,QuestandConquest,"Great game, made me feel like a rebel space pirate/smuggler. Only major complaint is the save system is kinda...awful. It essentially makes sure that you have to abandon save files if you enter a space station at the wrong time. So unless your ready for a Ironman-esk save system that will screw you over. It will be a kind of a shock. If you play smartly however, it shouldn't be a major problem, at least not until you have a Dreadnaught, then the galaxy and all it's riches are yours."
,Recommended,290300,23408334,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,DAMN RATHER,"Not a perfect space sandbox game, but so few are. Fantastic style, both in ship designs and music. Very fun combat, though it's on a 2D plane which some people might not prefer. Not much to do when you get to the end, but I put 30 great hours into it. I'd replay it, especially if there were some killer mods made."
76561198138268547,Recommended,290300,23453348,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,jaak88,very engaging space-scenario game!
76561198008586124,Recommended,290300,23450995,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Jim.Raynor,"Awesome Game. Great gameplay, missions, ships, enemies, graphics. Great soundtrack also."
76561197969973054,Recommended,290300,22546665,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Vonias,"So, Rebel Galaxy, this one was prettty interesting. First off the story does kinda suck, with all the random: hey your aunt has sent you this thing and now one thing is leading to another w/ you completing a lot of favors for people(and aliens)but just to simplify this review I will make a pro/cons list instead. so here ya go...Pros:1. THE FRICKIN MUSIC IS AWESOME 420/10. But srsly, this is what space cowboys will listen to someday... so cool.2. Combat (I'll talk more about this after the list as I have alot to say)3. Good roleplaying with the characters all speaking cool, differing languages its p cool and very immersive.Cons:1. the fact that the game is 2-d is kinda weird, personally, I think its nice as its simplifies everything for you(no learning how to read spherical radars, ship tilting, and confusing angles) but the fact that other ships can move on 3 axis and you can't can be hard to deal with as your guns sometimes can't hit stuff due to weird angles of engagement when a ship is above you. Overall I think it's neat and unique but its all just oppinion.2. Chores and distractions: again this is another ""con"" that im fine with. by chores I mean ""hey, go deliver this there"" or ""would you mind killing these annoying looters?"" that kind of stuff. I found myself unable to progress w/ the story cause i kept loading up on side missions and getting distracted by ""weird signals"". but I'm okay with that, I find it fun to just make laps around a system blowing up baddies, picking up drops and playing the market, but if you hate that kind of stuff, this game might get a bit tedious for you.Combat: Even with the strange design choices like only 2 axis', I REALLY like this games combat, if I had to describe it... hmm... you know old MMORPG combat, Like WoW or... uh... WoW, where rather than dodges and flurrys of attacks, its more about dps, health and well timed special moves? thats kinda how this combat feels to me. Methodical, and depending less on dodges and clutch manuevers, and more on having quality guns and activating your different weapons systems/ deflectors at just the right time. all while the gr8 music blares in the background. But, MOST IMPORTANTLY, know when to back off, sometimes one of the best tactical maneuvers in this game is to boost away from the fray, take a second for your sheilds and other systems to get repowered, and then re-engage, carefully using your cannons and switching sides to let your port shields recharge while letting your starboard take the hits for a while, and then activating deflectors at the last second to block a large group of missles.Sorry, I got a little carried away, if you couldnt tell, i LOVE this game, especially for only 20 bucks. I highly reccomend this.  BUT I CANT HIDE!!! WOAHOAHOAHOAH!! AND I WONT HIDE!!! WOAHAHOAHOAH YEA!!!*clears throat* sorry..."
76561197993679220,Recommended,290300,25218813,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Thor's Throbbing Hammer,"Love this game.  Great soundtrack, intuitive controls (no 3D space combat though, so it's not X-wing), basic trade.  I'm game.My only issue is the incredibly uneven difficulty.  I don't like to be constantly waiting and waiting to get back to the space stations so I'll take 3 missions at a time and the first two go well then my 'average' difficulty third mission turns out to be against an entire pirate fleet that decimates me in a few swipes of massive beam weapons.  WTF?  At this point in the game my spaceship is tricked out with the best defenses there are and I can barely even dent my massive, impossibly armed 'average' bounty before getting blown up and having to lose all my unsaved progress since I visited those incredibly far away space ports.Sigh.Anyway, still a great game and I'm still totally hooked.  But these restarts are getting ridiculous.  My only alternative is to become to overpowered myself by grinding that that takes the fun out of the bounties."
76561197999231069,Recommended,290300,25280431,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,freebacer,Great fun space game.  Great for drop in gameplay. One thing I really like (and more games need to do) is the option to use PS4 button artwork and ps4 controllers.
76561197972952500,Recommended,290300,25125679,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Voltar,"Love this game.  Nothing like a good space game where you start with a frigate and can end up with a drednaught.  Awesome music and graphics too, plus it's compatable with the PC Xbox controntroller."
,Recommended,290300,25258101,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Gaetan,"This game is very addicting, very good. Once you get used to the fact you can only move on a 2D perspective (left and reight, not up and down - so basically no altitude), this game is a lot of fun.Pros:- Nice graphics, even though it is not the best looking game ever- Kick♥♥♥♥♥OST, very rock & blues, fits this game surpringly well- Sound effects are good too, but not amazing- You could play for hours, especially if you're a completionistCons:- Scenario is not that interesting... but who cares?- Fighting get some getting used to... once you're set though, it's OK (it's not super intuitive, especially at the very beginning of the game)- Absolutely requires a gamepad (awful if you use keyboard and mouse)Conclusion: I absolutely recommend this game if you enjoy space, dogfights in space, and goofy looking aliens."
,Recommended,290300,25177810,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Kyonko802,"This is the balance I was looking for between arcadey space shoot 'em up and intricate space sim with spread sheets covering the screen. Everything handles great, and the battles are loose and fast. On the space sim side of things you can spend hours mining and establishing trade routes between the space stations. Everything is procedurally generated so there's no established way to do anything. Item value rises and falls depending on what a station is going through. Food sells for twice the price at a station going through famine, and tech booms allow you to buy tech at ridiculously low prices so you can sell it later and pull off everyone's arms and legs.Mining, trading, pirating, privateering, assisting the militia, taking board missions, and outfitting your ship with the best weapons.Every second of this game is a joy to behold, and it is well worth the twenty dollar asking price.Oh yeah, I almost forgot the best part. The soundtrack. Just... the soundtrack."
76561198007067440,Recommended,290300,25181657,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,DaddyBosh101,"I bought this game on a whim, & am well pleased. You find yourself in a lawless sector of Space. Piracy is rife. War & conflict is everywhere. However. There is also opportunity. Make your own build & weep, as your shields are shredded, & hull melted to slag. The sounds are top notch. Proton cannons, neutron beams, flak. I love it. Got a bit of contraband aboard? Better get a smugglers hold. Else the militia may give you a call. Then it's jettison, bribe, or fight. Trader? Or hardcore Pirate? Fight not going your way? Better run then. The choice is yours. There's masses of future potential with this game. Mods anyone? No. Seriously. MODS? Please make a Rebel Galaxy 2. Great soundtrack btw."
,Recommended,290300,25529427,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Cat Man Tad,Great game once you've got some good custom soundtracks going! Personal Favourite 'Closure in Moscow' 'First Temple' Album. XD
76561198061382109,Recommended,290300,25503259,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,MachineGunLuke,"Great SoundtrackSolid well made gameplayAnd a intresting storyThis is a seriously good game.DLC would only make this better, and I hope there is a sequel to this."
76561198087034683,Recommended,290300,25394952,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Thompson65,"I Enjoyed playing very much this game. Fun, captivating, enjoyable. looking for the next one."
,Recommended,290300,25448004,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,0-Fenix-0,"Reminds me of freelancer, but way better. If you want to command a gunship through destroyer with arcadey (lock-on mouse driven) combat then this is the game. I have been blown away by the visuals and especially the DAMAGE MODEL. Holy smokes. Seeing holes get eaten through your ship when you do something stupid like rush into a swarm of fighters... eek.I was pleasantly surprised. Worth every penny and more. I hope they make more.OH and the music/theme seems a lot like Firefly/Serenity. *Drool*"
,Recommended,290300,26329162,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,straddyvarious,"Overall great game, fun space combat/trading/exploration without being overly complex."
,Recommended,290300,25704953,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,iluxan,"Flashy, solid, punchy action - checkKicking butt and taking names - checkSerious badass music - triple-check(Yes, there's some grinding. But what game with cash doesn't have grinding?)Well worth your money for a few evenings of solid entertainment, even without a sale!"
76561197971117703,Recommended,290300,25660751,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,snaptogrid,great from where i have been love the music and the  brawdside i have just started the game  looking for more tecks can hardy  keep my thoghts to gather to find more      grand nemesis
,Recommended,290300,25773951,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,[RIP]Droznig,"Great game. Well polished and realised, a lot of fun.My only problem is that the game is fairly short, I just wish there was more to it; but everything that is there is really good.There are about 20 hours worth of great game in there so it's worth the price, even better if it's on sale."
76561198013292880,Recommended,290300,25606680,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Bobtail Tout,"It's a grind but a damn fun grind. I am usually against DLCs but I would definitely buy one for this game. I am 40 hours in and haven't finished the story, enjoying upgrading my ships and the carnage too much to blaze through it."
76561198268448058,Recommended,290300,24924434,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,grandpa45701,"Can be adictive but only in the sence that you hope it will be more challanging as you play.I have WAY TOO MANY HOURS at this game looking for a twist that I might have missed.IN the short run an excellent game that anyone who likes flying a space ship,shooting bad guys (or be one yourself),and upgrade weapons and ships,AND make a ton of money PLAY THIS GAME."
76561198021105074,Recommended,290300,25910643,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Robot,"Enjoyable game, room for improvement but definetly on the right track!"
76561198026705354,Recommended,290300,25895729,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Sibz,"Excellent Game.The 2D approach to ship flight almost made me want a refund straight away, however once I got a hang of the naval style combat it was most enjoyable.Story is average, was hoping for something longer but really I got my moneys worth and more.I hope there is a sequel in the making."
76561198137171211,Recommended,290300,25898566,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,mondo D,Good Music!!Good Graphic!!Good Game!!
,Recommended,290300,25869586,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,"Akydyr, The Blue Flame","I never really played any game that's like this But for this type of game being my first sort of ""Spcae exloration"" game I really do enjoy this one a lot and I'm so glad my computer can heandle the graphics as well, I really hope Double Damage Games comes out with some sort Rebel Galaxy 2 or something."
76561198066978913,Recommended,290300,25867529,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Exodus83,"I would have paid the money i paied for NMS for this game if i had the choice to give NMS back.The controls are a lil odd at first but once you get your head around it, its good as.Would love it even more if there was Co-op, even just 2 players would be sick.Other than that 2 thumbs up,10/10"
76561198101656592,Recommended,290300,25860496,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Giddychristophe,"its like Elite Dangerous...but for poor people XDIts a pretty nice game.there's an intriguing storyline( and by intriging i mean like DAMMMMM SONNN) there's mining, bounty hunting, trading, exploring, contracts, and other stuffmy biggest dissapointment so far is that your ship cannot go up and down, only 360 degrees around, BUT THOSE ♥♥♥♥ING FIGHTERS CAN GO ANYWHERE JUST TO♥♥♥♥♥♥U OFF"
,Not Recommended,290300,25854861,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Holster,"Most of the game is waiting on travel, than shoot some fighters and travel back..."
76561198167329614,Recommended,290300,26194155,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,The Tiny Boy,Only game I have that openly allows a customized soundtrack.10/10 Would travel through space listening to the tron soundtrack again
,Recommended,290300,26187967,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,[QBW]|2ogue69,"Very entertaining game that will serve to satiate that sci-fi hunger.  It's not a sim'ish sci fi experience like ED, but nice because you can jump in and out for short sessions.  For $20 its very tough to beat.  The only beef that I have so far is that the mod support is non-existant; understandable for a 2 person operation, but still unfortunate.  Anyway definately worth the money!!"
,Recommended,290300,26218756,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,zhaarteth,"If you're into late-80s and early-90s style rock, I'd recommend this just for the soundtrack. No, really.Unfortunately, the game is immediately repetitive if you ignore the main storyline -- yes, the storyline they say you can easily ignore. Apart from the story, the whole game is essentially comprised of a bunch of ""mission boards"" and faction alignments. Honestly, if that's all I wanted I'd go play X Rebirth.Personally, I only play it because I'm really into the ""tallship combat in space"" niche. But also for the soundtrack.Seriously, considering that you get 2 albums worth of ogg files - with tags intact and everything - I really think you're buying an album first, and a game second. Otherwise this... product... would only get a thumbs-down from me."
,Recommended,290300,18641669,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Icefox,"Great game. Reminiscent of Starfleet Command (for space & combat mechanics) with a dash of Freelancer thrown in (for trading and reputation mechanics), but with more fast-paced action and fluid gameplay than the first.Highly recommended for those on the fence, with two caveats - one, like the vast majority of sandbox games, it can get grindy. Two, don't expect much in the way of meaningful dialogue choices - there aren't as many of them as trailers suggest. That said, boy is it a fun ""grind"" and has yet to get old after 10 hours of gameplay for me - that's well worth those 4 lattes.""Negotiated"" with pirates, militia, aliens, and people who look at me funny. Would ""negotiate"" again."
76561197983039129,Recommended,290300,18641880,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,MadRhetoric,Plays like a more accessible/casual version of Elite: Dangerous. Highly recommended to anyone who enjoys such games.
76561197963199793,Recommended,290300,18642339,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,[TLC]Nathrax,This game is simply amazing.
76561198006880062,Recommended,290300,18640227,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Clockwork,"A surprisingly fun and addicting game, well worth the price."
76561197984301338,Recommended,290300,18640239,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,hornet688,"Perhaps the most enjoyable space game I have played.  The combat has a simple enough premise, yet the various options for weapon customization leave the player with a lot of interesting choices to make.  The difficulty seems spot on to me.  It's important to build out your ship carefully and plan how you want to attack.  Done correctly, most battles are challenging and engaging enough to keep me interested without making me feel like my crew are doing all the work for me."
,Recommended,290300,18640616,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,bugdacious,"It's a 20 dollar game. So set your expectations accordingly.Meaning, expect it to be fun, but don't expect it to be everything under the sun either.At first glance, this is fairly typical open universe spaceship game where you get to fly, fight, trade, and maybe actually bother with the storyline (which is a fairly typical ""your aunt left you a spaceship, a mysterious device, now meet her at some space staion. Oh look, surprise, she didn't show up and you need to try to find her.............. or ignore the whacky old goat and make some money"").So far, a few hours in, not a lot of tediousness, although I do wish warp were a little faster. The danger in open universe games is that you can end up spending more time moving around than actually doing. Maybe that's real life, but this is a game.The broadside approach to combat is a nice take. That said, main turrets on AI control seem to do most of the work, my main job is piloting and making sure incoming fire doesn't whittle one set of shields down.As pretty much expected for a game with a small team building it, the AI is a bit brute force. ""Hard"" tends to be ""overwhelm"" you with either quantity or bricks you can't really hurt but have the big guns to hurt you. On the other hand, fighters can be easily kited and once an enemy gets hurt, they'll tend to try to run in a straight line, making it easy for you to focus on a single shield."
,Recommended,290300,18640752,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Sir.Raphell,"Every time i start this game, i stop at main menu to listen to the music. Also. 40k style BROADSIDES.10/10 would purge the heretic again."
,Recommended,290300,18641078,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,ShockLobster,"The game seems to be a small collection of the best parts of a few games- AC4's style of naval combat (minus ship boarding), space station trading with a living, fluctuating economy, and some standard, cathartic pirate-hunting for any given sandbox space game.  Do the story, or don't do the story, nobody minds!  Blow stuff up, be a jerk- or don't!  Be space-Jesus instead, protecting the weak by responding to emergency beacons or taking rescue contracts (and getting paid, so I suppose the metaphor fails)!  Earn favor with merchants, or militia, or the space-jerk pirates!This game will scratch the little itch that any Freespace player may still have, quite well.  And being $20 or less, there's little reason not to roll the dice if you're unsure.  Just skip Red Robin this week and eat ramen that night, tubby, and you break even."
,Recommended,290300,18641453,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Bane Warden,"Awesome game. Open world, big ships, big guns...lots of fun."
76561197961069508,Recommended,290300,18641504,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,JimmyPage[ROCK],Great game for the price. Had it been priced any higher I wouldn't recommend it.
,Recommended,290300,18641524,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Prenecae,Love this! Gives me Freelancer vibes with a little Firefly thrown in
76561198013475377,Recommended,290300,18605401,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Knyn,"It's firefly!!! YAY, Ya no! They did lie about one thing the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s! This is not an indie game guys. The voice acting and everything is A+. I could really see this game turning multiplayer and I can also see a ton of ships and content added! There is so much to do!"
,Recommended,290300,18631933,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,SeknAnkeS,"++Soundtrack is awesome hard rock+Combat is easy to learn and adapt to (think STO or Assassins Creed ship combat but better)+Seamless warps+Ship upgrades not a grindfest to acheive, but still make your ship WAY better+Main story NPC's have dialogue audio (even in alien languages)-? Can't think of anything I don't like"
76561197984873248,Recommended,290300,18631954,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Robit_anamu,"this game is so much fun. if you like the series firefly, and the concept behind that shows universe. you will like this game. i do have one issue being the only thing missing from this game is Nathan Fillion voiceover or any of the cast members really. so to sum it up firefly, space fighting, badass ships, and explosions. oh the music how dare i leave out the cool music."
,Recommended,290300,24489654,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,SentinelAce206,Like others have said already... Think of Firefly meets Star Wars. Boom! Rebel Galaxy.I'm loving the game so far and I don't think that I'll be getting bored of it anytime soon. I highly recomend this game.Edit: Still loving the game. But when possible.
,Recommended,290300,26886355,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RobeOmega,Really fun for the first 15 hours or so but after that I would not recommend playing it. Would still recommend it to be bought thoug!
76561197985015120,Recommended,290300,26884089,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tourniquet,"Every now and then I go looking for a somewhat rare beast. A single player space game where you pilot a series of capital ships without having to manage an empire, fleet or investment portfolio. Rebel galaxy ticks a lot of boxes and provides a stellar sound track to boot.Not perfect by any means, some of the mission triggers can be downright brutal (surrounded and outnumbered instantly), but it's a ""best of breed"" in a rare class."
76561198055962267,Recommended,290300,26056019,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,jzimmy72,"Enjoyed the game.  A bit 2d vs 3d, but still a great game.  Good story line to follow, and enough free roaming to mix it up.  Had a lot of crashes and lost a couple games.  that is a bit frustrating.  The uncompress error alot, but basically once I started rebooting before playing and then rebooting if I crashed allowed for much longer and smoother game play."
76561197970081353,Recommended,290300,26060489,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Wreththe,Great game - basically like freelancer with combat mechanics like the naval combat in Assassin's Creed Black Flag.  Lots of fun and a great price.
,Recommended,290300,25975196,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Sir Pencil,"An excellent sandbox space adventure with a light mix of RPG, trading, mining and bounty-hunting paired with a simple-yet-surprisingly deep combat system reminiscent of naval battles."
,Recommended,290300,25977778,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,J0hñ WÌck RæmbOŠ™,"pros:- the feeling of watching your baby grow up (or just buy another badass baby....)- feel the wind(void) in your hair...- pew...pew...pew....pew...pew....- oh... you have a dreadnought the size of a star ??that's nice..... that's very nice..... *evil laugh*- you will know the feeling of being overpower....cons:- pirates... pirates everywhere....- contraband... contraband anywhere...- don't finish the main campaing.... just don't- i got a ship the size of planet i can only carry 57 tons of goods.... *logic- the mercenary is as useless as the planet.... at least the planet can get you killed, oh wait.....IGN 9.8/10 will hire mercenary again...."
,Recommended,290300,25512869,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,jeremiahdbullfrog.com,Do you love assassin's creed 3 & 4 ship battle mechanics but you dream about being han solo....well your dream has came true.  Buy Rebel Galaxy.Pro:MUSIC...MUSIC...MUSICatmosphere awesomeCon:repetitive...repetitive...repetitive
,Recommended,290300,26720195,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Cahiers du Ludica,"Just tried this today and find it almost a worthy successor to Star Control II. It's not perfect, but the characcters are fun - even voice acted.  Progression is interesting, if not far from Elite or Starflight, but the combat is fun.  It's even useful to use a controller.That said, I will say it's difficult to select targets (with the controller), and easy to get overwhelmed. It took some practice, but after awhile I learned how to pause and select, making it more fun. Do follow the warnings about danger, however - sometimes you have to run the hell away.The best thing so far - however - is the alt-country soundtrack.  The guitar rears up in combat, and calms down as you're just exploring space."
76561198283093576,Recommended,290300,30906162,Posted: 2 April,all,joseph,"bye kate,see you some day,maybe like first we meet"
,Recommended,290300,26827300,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sigtric,"At first the controls/lack of a verticle axis threw me off, but once I figured it out, this game is a lot of fun.It's breathtakingly beautiful, the music is amazing (gives a Firefly vibe) and the gameplay is fun and addictive."
76561197994045238,Recommended,290300,26939390,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Duralis,fun game that is worth the 60$ price tag oh wait it not... well very fun and engaeing  played for 20 hours and still having a ton of fun
76561197993834981,Recommended,290300,26946682,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,:3//Kelso,Surprisingly polished game that came out of nowhere when it was released. Everything you didn't know you wanted from a space ship fetch quest game.
,Recommended,290300,26944155,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sindrax,"Was looking for a game to make me feel like a space cowboy. Very close, but hard to beat that soundtrack."
76561198112984827,Recommended,290300,27056680,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Smitty Jagerman,"I will not say I don't recommend it because I certainly do. Even at its regular price it's priced very compettively in its genre and throw in the occasional sale? Totally worth it.What the developers have done here is great. It's immersive, easy to simply HAVE FUN with. A lot of work has gone into making this game run extremely smooth and it shows! From the mechanics to performance, balanced challenge to leveling up modules and finding just the right ship/hardware that suits your play style as you come into your own.HOWEVER, be prepared for repitive play.  It doesn't bother me much, well for the first 30 hrs worth at least but at that point I felt my money was well spent regardless.The game does have enough ""open-ness"" in it's universe to allow you to blaze your own trail, sink those long hours in just doing your thing aimlessly if you please or even completely disregard the main storyline if that's your preference.  So replayability and lots of hours potential are both there, in spades. But keep in mind the repition and whether it's an aspect you can live with or not.  Missioning, combat, travel, NPC interaction, tend to be very copy/paste otherwise I can honestly say this is a game world I'm glad to have taken part in!7.5/10"
76561197980109793,Recommended,290300,21046694,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,malloc,"Rebel Galaxy is a very nice space sandbox with a distinct wild west feel.While the story in this game does little more than serve as a progression vehichle, the game does much to let you write your own stories. Be a pirate or a law enforcer, or go mercenary. Trading and mining are also there for people who enjoy these things. Faction-specific ships and upgrades help replayability without being gamechangers.On the gameplay side, I've found it's easy capital ship flight and combat mechanic very satisfying. Having an essentially flat space never hampers the explosive carnage as you launch volleys of missiles, fire broadsides and maul enemies with your turret batteries - all in the same time. To keep things going, a splendid variety of random missions is available via mission boards - assasinations, assaults, patrols, escorts, contraband and trade runs to name a few.The technology of this game is not really impressive - no groundbreaking vendor-specific graphics here. On the bright side, overall production quality is high. Ships and stations are done with care, as is the bright and colorful galaxy, which is littered by nebulas, asteroids and junk fields.All in all, if you've got a privateering itch, but no desire to plunge into the depths of Elite or EVE, you should definitely give Rebel Galaxy a try."
76561198052405575,Recommended,290300,27047035,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JackityPoo,679% more likely to exist than Star Citizen
,Recommended,290300,27046034,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TrashPandaGrrr,"The game is great, music never gets old."
76561197970920251,Recommended,290300,26107209,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,gorkah,"I've got 4 hours of playtime on this PC and about 10 on the other.   TLDR:  If you like Privateer, Elite Dangerous, this game IS FOR YOU!!!!The soundtrack is a great mix of western, rock and really fits the game well.   The game mechanics just flow perfectly.  Instead of this huge 1,000,000 generated planets and open universe, they opted for a more gated structured approach.  Honestly, I really like that, BUT within each zone you have a lot of flexibility.It feels like Borderlands ina  lot of ways, where you can do main quests and side quests, any number of side quests and exploration, until you reach a certain major plot point where a gate is opened or a door, and then you can continue.So instead of borderlands zones, or wow zones, you have ""SYSTEMS"", and within each system, you have lots of bounties, stations, commodities markets, shipyards, planets, etc.  With a main questline guiding you through each system.Instead of player level, you have ""THREAT"" level, so if you go into a ""VERY HIGH"" engagement, it's like a lvl 12 Tauren walking into the barrens before you're ready.There is a simple faction system where you can earn rep, so as you help people you get ""CITIZENRY"" points, it's pretty cool.  I haven't played enough to know of any perks to this, but I'm anxious to find out.The gameplay is super simple, but has just enough bits to keep you going.  For instance, instead of a 1st person cockpit, you'll always play this in 3rd, I do it with my xbox controller and it's fun that way.  You can react to missle barrages with an RB deflector, you can turn to another part of your ship that's less damaged, prioritize tactical kill order of weapons.And in fact, combat is a lot like homeworld, in that you have to prioritize your targets, fighters, bombers, small craft first, then capital ships last, it's super fun and dpeneding on your loadout, you can either get close and broadside or snipe from long distances.So far I really like this game, it has a decent story, you can play it offline, customize your ship, fly around, trade goods, collect bounties.  It's basically everything Elite Dangerous is without a lot of the monotony and dull parts, but it has a story.So if you get bored with docking, bored, with FSD interdictor 2016, bored, bored, frame ship drive, bored, bored.   Pick this game up for $10, I like it more than ED and privateer for that matter and that's saying a lot.  The music, gameplay and feel keep me coming back, I'm glad I found this gem."
,Recommended,290300,26219407,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,AlphaOmega35,"I really enjoy this game--it's akin to a Firefly remix of Freelancer and Sid Meier's Pirates. The lawless vibe of the frontier of space is done really well, and the ships, planets, and effects are beautiful. It's limited to a 2D plane for capital ships (you can't fly fighters), which makes the controls easy. The combat is largely built around broadsides and keeping your shields and armor safe by rotating your ship, hence the Sid Meier's Pirates comparison. The story is pretty good--the voice acting is largely forgetable.Where this game falls down is depth--after the third or fourth system, you're only getting improved versions of your existing weapons, and there's only a handful of them in general. The number of ships is limited, too."
,Recommended,290300,26834436,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,zucate,"This game reminded me a lot of the the age old classic Freelancer. With the great music and space western theme, it has given me many hours of great times. You can even ""Aim to misbehave"""
,Recommended,290300,26925437,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lucent,"Lets get the bad out of the way first.This is not a free roam space game.  Much like free lancer it is level based, so as you go on, your tech makes the previous areas a complete joke, it also means new areas are going to be tough, but quickly get over run as you upgrade.Second, it can be a bit repetative.  There isn't a huge variety in missions, and while the difficulty changes in new areas, the activities largely stay the same.Okay, those are my complaints, now lets talk about why I even bothered to write this.The concept of a flat plane space battle game is kind of dumb?  Then you throw in the magic formula of capital ships firing broadsides and its just enlightening.  Ship combat was enjoyable in assassin's creed 3, it was even better in Black Flag, but here it so much more glorious as a giant space ship.  The feeling of boosting into a fight, swinging to bring your cannons to bear and just ripping apart other capital ships, priceless.The music is also very enjoyable and fits the mood of the game well. I've seen people compare the setting to Firefly, but I wouldn't go so far as to try and touch that legend.  However if the idea of a space cowboy in command of a giant spaceship enjoying a nice rock playlist rustles your jimmies, then boy howdy.I occasionally get the itch to play a mercenary space sim ever since I got hooked on privateer 1 and 2 years ago, this scratched it reaaaal nice."
,Recommended,290300,26913358,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Carlsberg,Some catchy game with a very catchy Sound.always happy when playing this one.The music is even better
,Recommended,290300,27012428,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jacklarkin,This is fun plain and simple. Plus the music is fantastic!!! It's open world space but does not feel empty. Clear missions to do and ships plus upgrades to obtain. You can play as a good guy or play as a rebel..... which is how i'm playing. Pluss the price tag is totally worth it.
76561198025524091,Recommended,290300,27010654,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,thefallenwanderer,"If you want fast paced heart pounding action look no further. Fights are intense in your face slugfests set to intence music that will get you pumped up to take on anything, and if you don't like their music bring your own with built in music controls."
76561197984808794,Recommended,290300,27010990,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Canolgon,So good!
76561198007374074,Recommended,290300,26898248,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Horton,"If you are a fan of Firefly - This game brings you on a role where you can be a smuggler, trader, pirate, etc"
,Recommended,290300,26742526,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,AllGamer,"Funny characters, nice action game, lots of chances to go guns blazing.Very much like Freelancer, but with better graphics.Would have been nicer if we had more weapons options and ships options, also more systems to explore, and more tech, and more stories to follow besides the main quest.If you liked Galaxy on Fire and Freelancer, you'll like this game too."
,Recommended,290300,26918721,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wolfe,"The soundtrack and dialogue seal this deal. A casual, engaging spacefarer with good scope, interesting story, cool characters and just nails the feel. You won't get closer to flying with Mal Reynolds than this; browncoat not included."
76561197978318306,Recommended,290300,27857766,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,OneEyeRed,"I have just over 6 hours into the game now. I have desperately tried to hold on to the same positive reviews as others. If this game had actual full 3d flight it would be beyond awesome. As it is now, its not a bad game but it gets old fast and very frustrating. I am on a mission yet again to get this certain type of mining mineral, however, the asteroids I most need are either to far above me or too far below me making it impossible to mine them. Upgrading mining tolls doesn't help either.I love the atmosphere, the music, it defintely has the vibes of previous games as others have mentioned. I just cannot get myself any further from the 2D style space flight. As someone else said earlier ""It feels like your driving car in space"". My hope is that DD games does a RB2 with full flight. It doesn't have to be full on flight sim but the ability to roll and manuevuer would raise many a folks review immensely.For the price it is being sold at currently, however, you cannot go wrong and it helps support them for future developments."
76561198034573166,Recommended,290300,27859732,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Piorun,Best thing that I bought on Black Friday
,Recommended,290300,27589021,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bloated Warthog,Loads of fun for small change.  Enjoy!
76561198094276772,Recommended,290300,27589678,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hamaman,Wow.5 min into the game and the music is making me hyped up
,Recommended,290300,20194568,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,hlxPL,"This is a Serenity simulator - Firefly game - at least it feels like it. The music, the ship design, all is top notch. I was looking for a similar game ever since I played Freelancer. I couldn;t really get into any of the X3 games, Elite Dangerous seems not for me, but this one... this one is something else. It is definitely not as complex as X games which is fine for me. I can fly around, trade, do some missions, shoot some space pirates - what else one needs after a long day.Definitely a recommendation."
76561198006751232,Recommended,290300,20192435,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,irishcatgod,"I can say with great confidence that if you are even remotely considering purchasing this game, you won't be disappointed if you follow through with that consideration.I was incredibly shocked at the enjoyment and quality of this game. I find it would be best to describe this game as Sid Meier's Pirates! - in space. With a much better soundtrack.Truthfully, as a lot of others have pointed out, you feel like A ♥♥♥♥ING SPACE COWBOY when you play this game. If I haven't convinced you by now, I'm guessing you've already decided not to make the purchase. Kind of a shame. You're missing out."
76561197971610890,Recommended,290300,20192655,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,MarkvanderLaan,"I loved the action, adored the music. It reminds one of the TV show firefly.The combat is pretty straight forward ""ship of the line"" style.I'm happy that I purchased this game, given its price its a no brainer:)"
76561197986301625,Recommended,290300,20192727,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Kal-el,I like the soundtrack the mechincs are great and the gameplay and story are fun too.
76561198023413707,Recommended,290300,20195664,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Oerlikon,"I don't know why I didn't get this game before I did.  Looks great, plays great.  Easy to learn, this game deals less with a large learning curve and more with great game play.  Sure, it's only on one plane, but it works really well.  Love it."
76561198005989331,Recommended,290300,20193886,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Erebus,"Solid Freelancer/Privateer Replacement!++ Pretty Graphics++ Fun Combat. Turrets & Naval Broadsides.  Need to time Deflector bursts to incomings missile for best effectiveness++ Neat Story++ Easy for Pickup Play++ Music brings about a Firefly-esque feel. (and you can port in your own music)Cons:-  Two Dimensional Travel (Though its not as much of a Con as you would think.)- No Manual (though it does have some tutorials.)- Map doesn't have a key (It took me a bit of searching to figure out what each of the station icons meant. I found it on a wiki)I picked this up for $13 and change during the winter sale, and would easily say it was worth it. Its been alot of fun."
,Recommended,290300,20205523,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ArkonBlade,A good Space RPG though a bit grindy. The game looks pretty good on the graphics side and the music fits the game pretty well. The game is kind of like a simplistic version of Elite Dangerous in a lot of ways minus the size and RG has a story/ The story is a bit short and just ok. Like i said in the first sentence its very grindy. You will spend a lot of time doing side missions for cash to upgrade your ship or buy a new one. Which the game has a nice selection of ships and wepons and other gear you can equip.The SHip to Ship battles are a lot of fun and you can get in to some insane battles with tons of ships all around you. there is a Nice feeling though once you get that Dreadnoaght and have it geared the hell up and you mow them down like insects. It would have been nice if you could have built up a fleet of 5 or more ships to command. You can hire one back up ship to help you. Though having a fleet of dreadnoaghts rolling with you would have been sweet.Its not a complex space game if your looking for some thing more sim like say the X games or Elite Dangerous but its a fun game and worth the $20 asking price. there is a good amount of content in the game .
76561198044058707,Recommended,290300,20205674,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Orthallon,"I have played through twice now and am certain I will again and am hoping for an expansion/DLC.  The combat runs smooth and is very fun and great to watch.  One of the nicest things about this game is the music, and even if it's not your favorite - you can setup to play whatever tracks (.mp3 for example) you have of your own!The galaxy is ""procedural"" so that it looks a little different in how the planets and systems connect to each other, however the main story line is the same.  Player choices make slight differences as you go, however there are no major plot twists or endings.For me, this was a great thing to sit down to after a stressful day at work, listen to great music while blowing things up in space."
,Recommended,290300,20209069,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,BADASSMOFO,Firefly.
,Recommended,290300,20203470,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Michaelbridges999,"Great game, great soundtrack!"
76561198054385574,Recommended,290300,20204319,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Yubbletor,"I'm too busy playing this game to write a review about it, but I guess I could try.Rebel Galaxy is amazing, it has: great soundtrack that seamlessly compliments the edge of your seat action. The combat itself is an awesome revival of Assassins Creed 4 ship battles with some welcome additions. The galaxy is also full of personality and substance.Please buy this game."
76561198001253287,Recommended,290300,20204721,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Lorne,This game is great and I love myself for going out on a limb and just splurging on it.
76561198195635522,Recommended,290300,20207516,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Courag3ous1,"Prior to the praise, let me say this.  I eagerly await SOME form of update or additional content to bring us...well...additional content.That being said, after spending a few days with this gem, I'm blown away!  This is exactly what I've been craving in a space/flight game.  I have tried and tried to gain proficiency piloting in Elite Dangerous via keyboard and just can't get it down.  With this game, you navigate on a single open plane.  This is a nice simple navigation and ""broadside"" battle setup that you will not find overly complicated.  If you played Assassin's Creed: Black Flag and got relative enjoyment from the broadside battles at sea, then you should already be downloading this game.Although the battle is not overly complicated, it is by no means simplistic.  There is plenty of strategy to the battle and the biggest payoff is in how you outfit your ship (Black Flag again).  The main story keeps you going, no dullness yet. Also, extra big kudos to the soundtrack.  I could fly around the various systems picking fights and hauling cargo all day long with this music jamming!I truly hope the developers push this a little further with maybe some deeper missions or stories to pursue.  It is, after all, a REALLY big sandbox.  Also, if it's not to much to ask maybe a tad more complexity be invested in the space stations.  It's not a game breaker like some whiners say, but I can see where a little more polishing could help.  Frankly, I'm in and out of stations in the blink of an eye so I don't mind copied and pasted stations.  I'm more eager to get back out there and destroy something!Space Truckin' On    8 of 10"
,Recommended,290300,20182173,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Steeps,"Fun game! Really love the soundtrack. The gameplay is solid, would be nice to have a z-axis of flight."
,Recommended,290300,20197822,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,chrynoble,"This game has the best sound track of any game I have played to date. It perfectly gets you in the mode to fly a big ship and BLOW STUFF UP!Seriously though, this game is made by the same two guys that made Torchlight, and it is well worth your time. I had a ton of fun over the winter break with this one."
76561198010371068,Recommended,290300,20197989,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,pipe2null,Great space trader style game.
76561198033508297,Recommended,290300,23477303,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Addictedorc,"When I bought this game I was looking for something say...old west / pirates but in space with atleast a decent plot.  This game hit that spot perfectly and the plot was more than I had expected. It left excellent room for a follow-on release / DLC I'd actually pay for (and I typically despise DLCs as a developer's way to worm more money out of players).  My only regret was that the plot was rather short. I took my time getting through it which helped so when (not if) you buy the game, don't go hard charging through the plot and then plan on coming back to explore or go through other parts of the game. The mechanical backdrop isvery similar to a scaled down version of ""X whatever"", this game just has... a better atmosphere IMO."
,Recommended,290300,24400190,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,liftyrskinnyfists,The only thing wrong with this game is that there isn't more of it.
76561197962108249,Recommended,290300,24410604,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,tknojnky,"Great fun, really enjoyed this game."
76561198034430113,Recommended,290300,24401677,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Thornaxe,"Once you finally have a massive ship, the satisfying feeling of melting smaller capital ships in 1 salvo from your main guns is exquisite.I found that throughout most of the game, it was much better to just upgrade shields and weapons on a smaller ship chassis. You can hide in a huge ships wake and whittle them down slowly where they can do nothing about it. This strategy precludes escort missions however, but i found those to be particularly painful anyway, and best avoided. The idea of larger ships not having access to any better shields than a small ship just feels wrong. Obviously the bigger ships have larger power cores capable of powering larger weapon batteries; it would stand to reason these ships would be able to field a shield drastically larger than a tiny ship.One feature i particularly liked about this game was the ability to swap gear. There is no penalty for swapping turrets/guns/components or even ships. Want to play around with different turret types and see how they feel? Go for it, theres no crippling penalty if you HATE what you switched to. I favored beam weapons for the reliability of damage, but YMMV. There is an advantage to a larger chassis in that you get more broadside guns and turret mounts, but is it worth the maneuvarability penalty you pay? Broadside batteries are a 1shot purchase, you dont have to purchase more of them as your ships get bigger. Turrets however, must be purchased individually, so that larger ship wont be any better unless you can put some decent guns on it. A huge ship with tier1 turrets is a ♥♥♥♥ing joke. Will that bigger ship be any better if you have to downgrade your turrets significantly in order to fill its hardpoints? These are management questions that i love dealing with and the middle of this game was full of them. Endgame was less so, but thats kinda to be expected that once you can fill a dreadnought class ship with top tier guns you ought to be able to melt fleets of opponents."
76561197971772632,Recommended,290300,23341112,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,berek61,"I love the game, however it is rogue trader lite and thats fine too. do yourselves a favour and give it a go. Worth it during midweek madness!!!!"
76561198024986052,Recommended,290300,23338651,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Fore,"Excellent game so far, but I can expect that it will get old as the hours drag on and I investigate one too many distress signals."
76561198044972429,Recommended,290300,23369311,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,tomael2003,"Simple and fun.... trade, bounties or piracy take your choice.Pros - combat is fun and you can configure your own AI for your weaponry (missles/turrets etc).... when in a large battle it looks the businessCons - Can get a little samey - but I bought this for £8(isH) - unbelievable bargain"
76561198006687351,Recommended,290300,23379490,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Muted,"Awesome game - lots of fun, would love to see some DLC :D"
,Recommended,290300,23381482,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Berden,"This is your ""summer movie"" space game, full of action, loud music, explosions, and even louder sound effects."
,Recommended,290300,23364227,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,LittleViktor,"Have you watched Firefly more than once? Do you think Star Trek is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and space should have the Blues? Would you like to play at Adminral Adama but are too dumb for more than three things at once? Do you wish you were Malcom Reynolds? Would you like me to stop asking rethorical questions? Well, then, son, you're home."
76561198009436978,Recommended,290300,23367104,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,BoredZero,Rebel Galaxy is like playing a simplified version of Freelancer without the Z axis. Not that's necessarily a bad thing.
76561198048500502,Recommended,290300,23383073,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,SpaceRob,"Come for the spaceships, stay for the tunes.Seriously people, the soundtrack is incredible."
76561198072061785,Recommended,290300,24269741,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,turtlegamer360,"flying around a huge ( i mean huge) galaxy is freaking fun!!!! man i havent had this much fun with a space game in a awhile.The story is really good, i was surprised by how it entertained me. Gameplay is repeatable and pretty fun blowing up some space pirate that stopped me to think he could take me on in my huge battle ship!!!. But this would be amazing if the developers would open it up to the modding community. It would be fantastic to see where it would go."
,Recommended,290300,24379847,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Vapor,"A bit like euro truck simulator, but in space and with a lot of guns. A fairly grindy game, but personally i find it relaxing."
76561198075323860,Recommended,290300,24359190,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,snee0614,"the other reviews pretty much covered everything. perfect soundtrack and space with old west spin (firefly without actually being firefly). i enjoy the combat, the story so far.  it does get slightly grindy, but not overly much so i dont think.  One thing i find particularly annoying though (the reason im writing this review) is they mixed up the port and starboard sides... this was confusing for me when notifications of damage on certain sides would show up. and after i figured it out it was just an annoyance. small gripe i know but thats my only real complaint. oh and the small number of possible mercenaries (sidekicks) you can hire"
76561198030798144,Recommended,290300,24403380,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,AncientRaig,"This little gem has got to be one of the best games I've played in a long time, hands down. Considering its been made by just two people, this game is worth 20 dollars. Heck, it's worth 40. The game throws you in to the rear end of the galaxy. Lawless land, pirates all around. Your objective? Find your Aunt Juno. How do you do that? Entirely up to you. You can become a do-gooder and side with the militia, or find your inner Captain Jack Sparrow and join the pirates. Or you can do a little of both and become a mercenary, working for whoever is willing to foot your bill. You can even become a trader, or a miner. As long as you're making credits. Work your way up from a lowly Corvette all the way up to massive Dreadnaughts. Or don't. It's up to you. Maybe you prefer your ships quick and nimble.What I liked:-Solid story. While it's not Oscar worthy, the story is engaging, and you won't be wishing you could do anything else while doing it. The voice acting is good, the objectives are fun, and it has a pretty decent length. It took me about 20 hours to complete the story, and I probably rushed things a little too much. I've heard of some players not even leaving the starting system for over 10 hours.-Plenty of distractions, done right. Unlike games like Fallout 4, this game does repeating side missions right. They're pretty much essential for you to be able to afford the gear you'll need for the story missions, but they never really feel old. You pick up missions at stations, fly to the area, and when you're done, you've made some cred, a few friends, and maybe a few enemies too. Each mission rewards not only cold hard cash, but reputation with the main factions. Getting in good with some factions is important, as you gain access to ships that otherwise would be locked if they don't have an opinion of you, or just plain don't like you. And with two joinable guilds, plus citizens, militia, and pirates to potentially help, you'll never be wanting for variety.-Progression, on your terms. The game doesn't force you to move to a new sector, or buy a bigger ship. If you want to upgrade, it's up to you to decide when. I went through most of the game in the Tennhausen and Sturville frigates, only bumping up to a Vanguard heavy frigate, which is my current ship and easily my favorite, at the last mission because I needed the extra firepower and survivability. There's a certain sense of joy that comes from taking out a ship five times your weight class and twenty times your cost.-There's 21 ships. That's a lot of ships. A lot of them are also very expensive, so the biggest, baddest ships likely won't be even remotely available to you until after you've beaten the main story, unless you enjoy grinding side missions just so you can roflstomp everything in a 17 million credit Blackstar Dreadnaught and the millions of credits it takes to equip one properly.-A living world. The world isn't just static targets for you to shoot. You'll come across traders under attack by pirates, bands of pirates roaming the black. Trade prices change regularly, and you need to dock regularly to keep up with the latest news on the market. Prices also change by station, and can be effected by different statuses, some of which you can even influence, if you're particualrly dastardly. See a trade convoy coming in to a station carrying expensive stuff? Blow it up, take it, and cause a sudden rise in demand for what that convoy was carrying at their destination. But be careful. Folks don't take too kindly to piracy. And, if you overtrade one good, or set of goods, a trade route can very easily dry up.-Random generation. Each system is different every time you start a new game. New planets, new stations, new fun.However, for as great as the game is, it has a few minor downsides, though neither effected my enjoyment of the game very much.-No co-op, or multiplayer. Now, while the dev team has perfectly good reasons for this, the lack of a co-op function in the game limits its replayability somewhat. This is the perfect game for fans of old games like Freelancer, and the ability to play with a pal would make it so much better.-Difficulty. It's erratic. When you first enter a new system, you'll find yourself occasionally running into ships that will utterly annihilate you, no matter how big your hull is. But once you start upgrading and reach the maximum for the tech level being sold in the area, you'll find yourself melting the meanest ships in the sector to slag for little to no return damage. If you're smart enough, and well armed enough, you'll rarely be paying repair costs. Using my three main ships, I died three times and came close to death perhaps another three times. That said, the game still feels challenging and fun, and enemies by and large scale with you, so most of the time you won't be utterly steam rolling the opposition as if they didn't exist.Overall verdict:-Why are you still here? Buy the game already! If you're even remotely a fan of space games, you'll love this. While the combat system is a little different from the usual 3D environment space games give us to play in, there's nothing more satisfying than giving a pirate dreadnaught a nice neutron laser broadside, and the variety of ships, solid mechanics, good story, and living surroundings will give you plenty to do."
76561198005577371,Recommended,290300,24262085,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Warlord-616x,"game is a good time, and has some good things to say about it, like it runs smooth, its got a good sound track (altho could be a bit longer and gets repetitive), its pretty enough, etc etc and gets a thumbs up in my book.  However, compared to space games of the past its really very short and the mechanics while they appear robust at the begining you find most things are actually almost over simplified in many cases and several things that look like they have promise simply wont.That having been said its still a good time and worth a playthrough even if it is no x3."
76561197971094878,Recommended,290300,24295791,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,steve.todd,"Great Game,  47h of fun so far.Pure combat and ship upgrading.Loved the sound track, got it on soptify now."
76561198078026427,Recommended,290300,24356434,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,1750 Hero,Fun.
,Recommended,290300,24286095,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,ehartford,"Wow, what a fun game!   Well worth the price.I'd drop $30 for Rebel Galaxy 2 and $40 for Rebel Galaxy 3 so bring on the sequels!"
,Recommended,290300,24277571,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,bozo69pd,"Some people don't like the music. Me and my two young sons love it. I leave the menu on autoplay while we take breaks playing to have space cowboy squirtgun fights.Some people don't like the 2d axis and say ""How come these other ships are going 3d and I can't?"" Mercs can go 3d. Big capital ships are slow and cumbersome, just the way I like it. I just used the early ships to farm gold all game and focus on hit and run, or boosting past a fight until I could buy my first dreadnought.I think this games simplicity is its strong suit, zipping around doing a little space ARPG questing is relaxing. The storyline is light and linear so really try to focus on thinking of it like an ARPG. A little too grindy for my liking though, so on second playthrough a downloaded a trainer for quick 100m credits then deleted said trainer. Game was really fun on the 2nd playthrough like that."
76561198028145158,Recommended,290300,23456213,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,MaxHoemilian,Just fun 2D spaceship battles.  This game isn't complicated but it's super addictive to keep flying missions and earning money to keep upgrading your ship
76561197986889783,Not Recommended,290300,23420815,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Lex,"You know those games where the AI ​​programming can translate into the failure to understand the basic principles of math and funny? This is one of those games. The first ground of frustration you'll have it when there will be clear that the most powerful enemies in the game are not the capital ship of any class they belong. The only opponents that you will still have to look at are the small (or large) interceptor groups. These aircrafts are the only ones that can be moved in a three dimensional space, then eluding the most of your turrets (normally located in the upper part of the hull). They shoot almost continuously, surpassing the cast limits theoretically imposed by their weapons. But in this game when mentioning the limits, they mean just those imposed to you. Because whatever happens, the AI continue to cheat. The missiles at their disposal are endless. Useless to try to set any kind of strategy. The only work that is always the same. Remain as much as possible to the edge of the battle, dividing the enemy troops and then destroy them gradually. So if you can not resist the temptation to buy this title, expect a generator of missions that does not take into account your points of damage or defense (missions reported as low risk where it will be easy to explode), an AI that uses cheating, and be prepared repeating the same mission several times. There is only one real challenge, which is to figure out after how many hours of play you will want to move on.Maybe someone will think that I could have written that it is a shame because this game has the potentialities. But I do not think that's true. The strength of this game should be the gameplay, that if it were not limited by the reality of the facts, it would be pure adrenaline. Instead it is frustrating the most of the time. The game's soundtrack is undoubtedly the only note of color that distinguishes this title from many others. For the rest in terms of concept, I can not define Rebel Galaxy as innovative and original even."
,Recommended,290300,23443411,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,zanglebert,"This game came completely out of nowhere for me. Didn't hear of its release, didn't know what to think of it, bought it on a whim. Turns out, this is one of the most fun semi-casual games I've played in a long time. Some people compared it to Elite, others to Pirates -- but in my opinion, by far the closes is Origin's old Privateer series, which I played for hours and hours.At first, the controls (especially the broadside firing mechanism) can be a bit unintuitive, but it only take a bit of playing to get used to it. Also, while the graphics are 3D, the player ship only moves in 2D (as in: your ""height"" is fixed). Initially that bothered me, but now I actually like it. It makes the game a bit more arcade-y, without dumbing it down too much (combat can still be extremely challenging).In summary: unconditional recommendation to give this game a try."
76561198023482555,Recommended,290300,23491762,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,jjcm2002,"the game is fun ... but the 2D maneuvering and fitting gives the game a down side because enemies can do the 3D going all over the place ... but not you ... the of freedom of choice can be tricky (choosing sides) and the missions can start to be boring because of poor variety but still can be challenging. If you find it on sales and like space fighting games, this is your game ... and the music ""rocks"" too..."
76561198080523460,Recommended,290300,23490505,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,jordanshepherd99,One of the best games ive played in a while already quite a few hours in and not finished well worth the money though can be abit dull and repetitive at times but apart from that great game. Only wish mods were supported apart from that well worth picking up if you want a cheap game that you can sink hours into.
76561197967047143,Recommended,290300,23465743,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,UnluckyFriedKitten,Browncoat approved.This game feels like it's an official licence short of being Firefly or Serenity the game.If you liked the TV show or the Movie give this game a try :)
,Recommended,290300,23464576,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,DokMurda,"Fantastic game for the price.  I was able to pick it up on sale for under $20.  Well worth over $20 in my opinion.  Addicting game play, with just enough main story line and side quests to keep you wanting to upgrade your ship continually.My rating: 85/100"
76561198023840494,Recommended,290300,23458692,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Alucard,"Fun *naval like* battle, but in space!decent graphicssoundtrack is exellent!game engine runs real smooth, no crashes or long loading timeShort story but well presented, good voice acting and cinematics are very nice qualityThis is my first product from Double Damage, and I have to say I am very pleasedI wish there was a multiplayer, its probably the only thing missing, very Freelancer inspired"
,Recommended,290300,30786291,Posted: 27 March,all,freeradical,Firefly: The Game.
76561198017915571,Recommended,290300,23321071,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Ender0656,This game is a ton of fun. One of the coolest features is that you can add your own music for certain situations. Its 20 bucks and well worth more. Give it a shot.
76561198001170878,Recommended,290300,23315832,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Goldenboy,This is a good game.
,Recommended,290300,23378175,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Crow,"Playthrough 1: Played the Space Paladin. Mr. Niceguy wherever I went. I helped merchants in trouble, did only good missions, and became a militia darling. Had a hell of time doing it too.Playthrough 2: Played a giant space d**k. Sided with the local gang, popped every trader and merchant, just for the hell of it. Picked fights with the military, because I could, and smuggled slaves, drugs and waste across the galaxy, making a killing while doing so. Again, had a hell of a lot of fun.Playthrough 3. Played a plucky merchant, buying and selling, just to survive. Under equipped my ships, and every battle was a protracted life-or-death battle. Had probably the most amount of fun on all my playthroughs.I highly recommend this game, and it's a hell of a lot of fun, with a decent pricetag. They could have charged $50 for the game, and it would still have been well worth the money.Only thing I would like to see is a greater variety of weaponary, open modding with access to the steam workshop, and rebalancing of the weapons to make it more of  a tactical choice, rather than the one or two weapons that are of near-gamebreaking power."
76561198022359489,Recommended,290300,23378822,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,exverxes,"The game is good, but it is not great.Pros:Good musicGreat graphics and effectsNo bugs, that I know ofGood range of parts you can use for your shipQuite good list of ships to choose fromEvery line of text has voice line, and it is really goodThere are new types of missions available as game progressesNeutral:2D plane of movement. It is there, but once you get used to it, it is quite natural. It doesn't limit you.Cons:If you want to trade, it will only pay off at the begining, as game progresses it is not profitableSame for miningMain strory line is very simple and feels shallowShip size does not really matter. You can put any component in any ship size. Your first ship can use best shields.Ships are a bit unbalanced. For long time, my best ship to fight in was a trading vesel... It was fastest and had good gun layout.I was expecting more system to be available until capaign suddenly ended.At some point combat becomes a bit repeptitive.All in all it is a good game. Combat is fun, and game is entertaining for about 15-25h. I bought it with 50% rabate and I think it was worth it. It has some flaws, but none of them are game killer."
76561198076308694,Recommended,290300,23402906,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,redwolf,"So no more running; I aim to misbehave. - Mal, FireflyI had this game on my wishlist for quite some time and I honestly couldn't bring myself to buy it. I do enjoy spacey-shootey things, but that whole 'it's kinda like naval warfare' gameplay was not really convincing me. So it was on sale several times, and every time I saw that 'game on sale' email I was like 'yay' and then 'oh, rebel galaxy, hm'. Finally, a few days ago I was so bored that I thought I'd give it a try, keeping in mind the lenient return policy, so what could go wrong?Well, for starters, I was wrong. This game is more fun you than I could have ever imagined, especially for that price.But let's begin with the cons, since that is always what I like to read first. While the graphics are really nice, the character models are sub-par. Then again, they might have invented cloning in that universe, so it might be perfectly natural to have a gazillion space stations with the same bartender. or he's working more than other people. Bartending doesn't pay much, after all, so yay for realism.It also is a bit  of a grind to get started, no way of cheating your way to a better ship. While that is not necessarily a con, it does mean that you spend your first few hours desperately trying to find a station that buys yourt goods for the highest price, or you do missions which dont pay that much in the beginning.My last issue, if you can call my ♥♥♥♥♥ing that, would be that I truly and honestly miss a way to see which turret is placed where on the ship, because you might end up buying something super duper heavy hitting laser gizmo thing, and then you wonder why you never see it firing. Well, you might just ended up placing it underneath your ship, and since not many enemies go there (they better not, the buggers), it's not of much use there.Now, the whole game is so much fun, I ended up playing it till VERY late at night, something I rarely do, simply forgetting the time. Want to be a fighter for good? a pirate? merchant? all of these? well you can, nothing is ever set in stone and you can more or less do what you want. trading is done well, a stations have fluid demands and you can't just always buy and sell at the same stations. 'Events' kind of help you plan a little, but not in a gamebreaking way. . So that keeps it interesting. Fights are fun and not always easy even with good weapons, sometimes you might need to run from them and come back later when you geared up. Special drops sometimes give you that edge you need, some special weapon or gear you cant buy, also a nice touch. The whole ship/speed/damage/defense whatchamacallit is easy enough to understand, but complex enough to keep it fun.But while the game as a whole simply works and is super entertaining, the soundtrack is the real selling point here. You constantly feel like you are part of the firefly 'verse' and boy, they just nailed it with it. Also, if you don't like it, though you are clearly weird if you dont, they let you use your own music to listen to while you blast huge dreadnoughtships to smithereens.Rebel Galaxy is one of those few examples of bought for ten bucks, would have gladly paid fifty."
76561197972296914,Recommended,290300,23403353,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Dug7x,Amazing great game. really addictive game play!
76561198049802068,Recommended,290300,24117759,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Covfefe,"Very fun game, spent many hours on it and would say its worth the money. Had a few crashing issues, and most of all I lost my save file i put 22 hours into. Normally something like that would have me ""not recomend"" this game but i politely e-mail a dev and within 2 days I recieved a replacement save. So all in all very good game and I would buy again, Thanks for the active dev support double dammage. :)"
76561198031315605,Recommended,290300,24101687,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,The Wannabe Knight,"Rebel Galaxy is an excellent game made by an extremely small, but hard working, team.As many other reviewers have noted, this game gives off an unmistakable 'cowboys in space' vibe. From the (fitting) soundtrack to the bartenders dressed in clothing reminiscent of the wild west.The story, however, is slightly lacking. A few expected turns, and a tad too short, but still interesting.The gameplay itself is presented in naval combat format (similar to Black Flag) you have broadsides that deal massive damage, and turrets that passively fire. While some complain that naval format is lost potential for a game set in space, I believe it suits the game quite nicely.Once the story is complete, you've maxed out your faction ranks, and fully upgraded the ship of your choice, there is, sadly, little to do. You can explore, do missions from the mission boards, and look into the occasional signal. Other than that, there's little for the end game.I'd give this game 8/10, very well made with few qualms. You can customize the soundtrack with your own music, too. So there's that."
76561198017115008,Recommended,290300,24037182,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Resolute,"A modern version of Wing Commander Privateer.  Except most attempts to copy Wing Commander games focus on dogfighting and cicle strafing type combat.  This focuses on naval type broadsides, which actually makes more sense.The main problem with the game is that once the main campaign is done there is no DLC, multiplayer or sequel."
76561198114141401,Recommended,290300,24031125,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Hellfire,"A very amazing game, I keep coming back to just get the sense of winning. However, missions are slightly annoying to get to, with distress beacons and factions everywhere. Also, while the controls are easy to get used to, you have to perform some trial and error first. Finally, the dificulty curve can be very annoying. You end up going against hoards of pirates about an hour, without proper gear and with a 90% chance of death. Then, you reload, do some missions, then kill.My rating: 9.5/10Still good game."
,Recommended,290300,24125050,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Tucco,A very well crafted adventure. Shortish but that might be prespective as you start rolling through missions at a fast pace near the midway of the storyline. Its very open world playstyle that allows you to grind to much better ships/guns.
,Recommended,290300,24173825,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Aequitarian,Excellent soundtrack. Worth the price of admission just to tool around shooting space broadsides to the dulcet tones of slide guitar.
76561198030609920,Recommended,290300,24172160,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Torq Anvil,"This may be my first game review on Steam, though there have been plenty of games that I've really enjoyed and/or considered classics I'll be playing for a long time to come. Rebel Galaxy, though, was just the sort of game that had me feeling the need to say something.I picked it up on sale for 50% off, but it would have still been totally worth it at full price. I'm already looking forward to the next installment though I haven't yet quite finished the main campaign.As a former EVE mission runner, the obvious appeal of Rebel Galaxy is that it's easy to pick up when I feel like playing (and without the risk of losing a ton of ISK). While combat, especially early on when you've got limited firepower, can be tense, the game in general has a nice carefree feeling to it.Recommended."
76561198005338936,Recommended,290300,24172544,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,metalplait,Really fun game.  The storyline is a bit weak but the gameplay is excellent!If your a fan of freelancer this game is for you.
,Recommended,290300,25570385,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Prozender,"Fun game, weird 2D plane fighting, but gives of freelancer vibe. Really good for its price. Awesome rock soundtrack. Buy if a fan of simple space sims (freelancer)"
76561197994666162,Recommended,290300,25571165,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Wraithtalon,A very nice game seemingly coming out of nowhere.
,Recommended,290300,25467611,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Dayson~💠,great game but it would be good with multyplayer
,Recommended,290300,25456467,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Daryu Dragon,This game is exacly what I have been looking for in a ship command/trading sim. It does everything right.
76561197995503704,Recommended,290300,25404244,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Hiroyuki Sakai,"Awesome game, great value.It's a fun space sim.  Upgrading is satisfying, I did not find it grinding at all.  You feel significantly stronger with each hour put in.  The missions are varied and fun.  I only wish it were longer, but it was a very enjoyable play through.  There's a lot of polish and small details done right.Even if you just grab this on sale to play one Saturday and be done, it's great entertainment value.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,290300,25380693,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Admortis,"Rebel Galaxy is an elegantly complex game, its simple bedrock features meeting and meshing to create the dynamic and thoroughly enjoyable space pirate experience that you didn't know you needed in your life.If you need a game where you just want to fly a spaceship and blow other ships up with enjoyable trade and a decent campaign on the side, you will enjoy Rebel Galaxy.Also features a seriously cool soundtrack."
76561198061413497,Recommended,290300,25519723,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Lightning9973,Great Game all round
76561197996096936,Recommended,290300,19203697,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,$exchocula,It's the trailer park Freelancer we've been waiting for since 2003.10/10 Would drink space-moonshine and watch space-NASCAR again.
,Recommended,290300,19152179,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,[GWJ] Wink,"Fun.  Storyline was short-ish.  A tad ""grindy"" in spots, but fun none-the-less.  Unleashing broadsides on capital ships, while your pulse-turrets, beam turrets, and flak cannons blast away at the enemy fighters... what a sight!Mining, trading, mercenary work, and piracy are all at your disposal to make the credits necessary to upgrade from your humble frigate, to the lumbering dreadnaughts.I do recommend!"
76561198015292026,Recommended,290300,19172957,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Cheapdate,Awesome.Killer soundtrack
76561198203863556,Recommended,290300,19205375,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,R.E.,The game is awsome!!!i love the game play and stuffbut i think the story mission is kind of... to short it would be more better if you  make some DLC since the story end byTrell is DUMP me...im really hopping for DLC... PLEASE! make the ending AWSOME! and if you can adding some kind of more paintjob to our ship would be nice overall it is an awsome game nice workADD MORE STORY MISSION ABOUT TRELL!!!MAKE US WHOLE AGAIN!!!
,Recommended,290300,30629173,Posted: 19 March,all,rgrmllns,fun game
,Recommended,290300,19324481,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,RJNFC,"This is the best game I've played in the very narrow mouse-driven/space-shoter genre. It's most similar to Firefly-meets-Freelancer and it's just as cool as that sounds. It also has a sweet soundtrack which will admittedly get annoying by the time you beat the same. Still appreciated every time you have to warp or fight, though. Definitely a must-play for fans of the genre."
76561198062056045,Recommended,290300,19254532,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,rabbitkiller74,"This game rocks even outside the soundtrack which is excellent and then you can add your own music to boot. The visuals are very nice, even on the lowest settings there is not much difference, worried about 2d gameplay in space? This game gives the feel of a 3d game in a very lively universe not dissappointing in the least. You have plenty of ships to choose from  and they all have many things to upgrade, so find a ship you like and run with it like the starting ship? keep it and just upgrade you'll do just fine.The story i'm told can be done in 30-40 hrs. but despite what my hrs. on record might say (i play offline alot out of town) i have actually about 60 hrs. give or take on this game so far and am barely thru a quarter of the storyline i believe. There is so much to do between trading, fighting, mining, that i only occasionally touch on the story which you can play at your leisure. You can be a good guy, bad guy, good then bad,bad then good? Got multiple personalities this game is for you.. well worth the 20 bucks for this one any day of the week its just well done...add to cart and you will only be wondering and hoping for continued added content for more trouble to get into...enjoy"
76561197999095260,Recommended,290300,19245373,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,RussetPotato,"Amazing game! If you ever played Freelancer back in the day, you'll love this. Very easy to do side quests (which regenerate) in between the story arc quests. Decent story, good action, the whole thing remindes me of Firefly. Do yourself a favor and just buy the game."
76561198058638791,Recommended,290300,19245502,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,thethomasgeorge,"Despite the horrible lock-on functionality that loves to switch targets mid battle, this game is alright. Also the universal function button will be the bane of your existence. I mean how is it, in a future where FTL travel is possible, there is no technology powerful enough to ignore communications aimed at your ship. And finally why is it, in a universe where the tally is Me: 999,999,999,999 Pirates: 0 all pirates seem so sure of themselves coming at me, You'd think word would get around...."
76561198111269514,Recommended,290300,19245514,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,gamr70,"TL;DR: Space travel, big ships, little ships, weapon customization, trading, mining, pirating, enjoyable broadside combat ONLY on one plane (no up or down movement by your ship). Story is so-so, but not what the game is about. Graphics are beautiful, runs smoothly, 8/10 I would recommend for the 20$ asking price, definitely worth it on a good sale.Rebel Galaxy. Now here's a game I bought on a total whim, thinking if I hated it I could just refund it. Well I put about an hour into it, and honestly, that refund looked more promising that enjoying this game.HOWEVER. On I played, and I'm glad I did.Rebel Galaxy story is alright, but I didn't honestly pay it much attention, and it lost my interest quickly, becoming much more interested in ammassing large amounts of money and upgrading my ship. Yuo start out in this dinky little capital ship that seems hopelessly outgunned when compared to some of the other faction ships. But get enough credits and start upgrading, and suddenly you feel like you rule the galaxy. Your ship can be customized not aesthetically, but through a diverse set of broadside turrets and mounted turrets, as well as thing slike cargo hold space, shiels, boosters, engine, armor plating, etc. Buy bigger ships, they're slower and less manueverable but covered in turrets and a hefty broadside arsenal. Smaller ships have less bang, but move and manuever like a charm, boasting high top speeds to simply work around your opponents.Briging me to the combat. As before mentioned, your weapons consist of mounted turrets and a set of broadside guns, with the number of each depedning on your ship. Different turrets excel at different things, from taking down enemy fighters, disabling shields, or blowing the armor plating clean off a capital ship. Your broadsides are meant to be capital ship destroyers, with you circling your opponent in naval-esque fashion and bombarding them from one side or the other of your ship. Although combat only taking place in one plane, it is very enojyable and rewarding to watch your turrets anihilate enemy craft like mere flies.Now not being able to move up and down may feel like a real let down, being stuck only moving fowards, backwards, and turning. But really, it isn't, once you open your mind to it. Space is still a very big place, and I can understand how adding upwards and downwards movement may be too much for some people.As far as space itself, the races have no real lore or background of any sort, and the game is definitely not one to get you any extra information on any of them. However, there is much, much to do, from pirating, to mining, to trading commodities between various stations that can be in various states such as economic boom or famine, driving various prices of various commodities up, or down. You could also just hunt various bounties in each system, or perform various types of quests for the different factions in the game, such as the militia or merchant guild.Lastly, I greatly enjoy both the graphics and the sountrack. I often find myself staring at the various stars and planets in the game, even being mesmerized by the movements in an ice field. For the sountrack, the twangy rock style fits perfectly into combat or encounters whenever it is triggered, fading in and out at appropriate times seamlessly.Overall, I would say this is an easy 8/10, with my only qualms being that sometimes long journeys in space can be a bit dull, with the only breakups being enemy AI that are far too willing to jump into combat they cannot possibly hope to win, and it is incredibly annoying to be halted from light speed because you came just BARELY too close to a stray rock in an asteroid field. Well worth the money I spent on it, and a truly great deal if you can ever catch it on sale."
76561197962854793,Recommended,290300,19247106,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Just.*,"Great Game, great tunes its battleships in space :)"
76561198008249444,Recommended,290300,19259027,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Lord Arasul,"This game is an example of what good music can do... the campaign is a bit short, the concept has been done before - but the music just makes you want to keep going.. I am really looking forward to see what the modders do with this game. Recommended."
76561198060293556,Not Recommended,290300,19173651,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Achaemenid,"After playing the game a bit longer I have to unfourtunately change my review score. The reason is that there isn't really much to the game except doing same type of missions over and over or follow the rather uninteresting and lacklustre story. So you can get maybe 20-30 hours of fun gaming out of this but after that it gets repetetive and boring.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------This game is a beautiful space opera with story and open world elements. The combat is fun and engaging and there are tons of ships to upgrade too. However I feel the game gets a bit repetetive after a while but still well worth buying. However one would wonder what kind of game would be made if this game, with awesome graphics, was combined with Beyond Sol, which has innovative and fun gameplay but mediocrea graphics."
76561198044485409,Recommended,290300,25870267,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,peanut,"This game is fantastic!  What a great space cowboy game -- the fact that you actually sell materials in different station markets, do mining yourself/salvaging vs. buy/sell, in an open environment, the missions and characters, and the decision to make main attacks ""broadside"" naval style make it really interesting.  The cowboy theme and really good country rock soundtrack cap it off completely, especially if you loved Firefly.  While this game isn't huge in scope (and made by two guys, and relatively inexpensive to match) doesn't make it any less fun.  Love it!Edit: after playing 40 hours, I absolutely love it.  Naval tactics in the classic sense are very effective, it turns out.  Combat is just a lot of fun partially because of this!   The story is great and conversations are not dumbed down.  This is up there now in terms of being an all-time great.  Can't recommend it enough!I bought this at a discount but would donate towards the development of this and other games of this quality."
,Recommended,290300,25969873,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,buffjape,"A spectacular, fun space shooting game. Its the closest I have found to the original Elite.The controls were designed by people who really understand user interfaces: simple, easy to learn. Nothing is wasted - everything is part of the game.Very satisfying explosions when spaceships are destroyed, and an interesting story.Many different things to explore, and a lot to do.The game is so good that I kept on playing well after the story had ended.Recommended for anyone who like space games. Very good quality."
,Recommended,290300,26223457,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,GearsandCogs,"This game is awesome!I haven't played a space game I loved in ages. Grew up on Wing Commander, Starlancer and so on back in the day. This might revitalize my interest, perhaps I can find a new one. If I were to summarize this game shortly, it is a large capital ship simulator. You don't do dog fighting like Wing Commander. Instead you are on capital ships of varrying sizes from corvettes (small) to huge dreadnoughts. Battles are mainly about positioning, weapon composition and some tactical flying to ensure you aren't exposed on a flank.Regarding controls, there is NO NEED for a joystick. I personally played the whole thing with mouse and keyboard, the controls are fine. I'm sure a gamepad would work as well.A few general notes:- You can only fly your ships in the X/Y plane, no barrel rolls. I imagine this was a concession as true dogfighting without a stick can be troublesome since it involves 3 or more axes of control. Also, since you are in a big ship such moves would be unecessary as you are a huge target no matter your turning/rolls.- The ship and weapon variety is fun and provides some different playstyles, I really liked just after I upgraded a ship trying to optimize my weapon loadout.- Mission variety was ok, but some may be a bit tedious. The escort mission in particular can be quite trying, I'd stick to all the others.- Trading system is more dynamic than the old games, as you sell more of a commodity to a station the price you get will change. Other stations prices might increase in response.- There is a random event system that also affects stations in a system. These events may swing prices for certain goods wildly. For instance, if a station goes to war weapons will skyrocket in buy price. Other interesting events include blockades and embargos where a faction will prevent all access to a station. You can of course either run the blockade or eliminate it.- There is a bounty system rewarding you for eliminating certain designated ships, so destroying things when not on missions is rewarded. The scanner will tell you when this is possible.- Faction support was good but a bit rudimentary as it really boils down to be a pirate or be with the law. Games like Freelancer or I imagine the new Elite model these relations a bit more realistically.- Some faction have some VERY nice exclusive upgrades, which reward sticking to them.- Difficulty varies somewhat, early in the game it easy to get out gunned. Later in the game I found it to be a bit too easy once you aquire the bigger ships. Maybe I'm too experienced at such combat though, some people have said this game is hard...Overall it is a very nice package from an indie studio. I fully recommend it, even at full price. I'm not sure it is replayable but I got about 50 hours out of it which is really good. After the story you can continue playing the game's missions or start fresh and play as pirates. There isn't any new game+ though, and the story from what I see doesn't change much depending on faction allegience."
,Recommended,290300,26214263,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Othello,"Rebel Galaxy is perhaps the best fun I've had in a game in ages. I'd been looking for something to scratch a persistent itch for a sandboxy space western and Rebel Galaxy hit the spot in a way nothing else managed to. It's just a non-stop crazy good time. Pawning off your weapons systems so that you can kit your starting ship out with massive shields and boosters, then using it to collect dead drops you have no business flying within a jump of at your net worth. Dropping out of warp into the middle of space battles between entire pirate fleets and escaping by the skin of your teeth as dirty blues-rock erupts from your sound system. Being ambushed by overly ambitious mercenary squads, and showing no quarter as you gleefully blast them into the void. Dropping into a station to resupply only to find an insanely good deal on live organs, then hurriedly jetting halfway around the system looking for a buyer before the militia nab you for carrying contraband. Refusing to trade in space slaves on moral grounds until you see how profitable a commodity they can be, then justifying your actions by telling yourself it's okay, maybe they're the alien kind.10/10, would be a leaf on the wind again."
76561197983355448,Recommended,290300,26220417,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Glaive,"All I can say is for 2 Devs this game is amazing, huge Freelancer fan and this game is essentially a fanboy\girl sequel (Clearly the Devs are). As for no sky at all (No Man's Sky) was a Peter Molyneuxesk hype game this game stayed to it's core and held no promises, but fantastic surpises. Keep your eyes peeled for Star Citizen and it's BETA. Also special note to the Devs for getting this onto consoles and for optimising the game to 2.3GB, fantastic loading times and high FPS at this date.﻿ This can be run on lower spec PCs with no trouble."
,Not Recommended,290300,26490220,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Fevix,"Very repetitive gameplay, takes forever to get places."
76561198031010445,Recommended,290300,26625265,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,tedunbar,Just wanted to give a thumbs up for this fast paced space adventure game. I watched some LPs and had to try it Glad I did!
,Recommended,290300,26623097,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Razor of Odin,This game is basically a space trading/fighting sim with an amazing soundtrack.  Upon watching the trailer for this game I immediately got Firefly vibes from the game.  I had a blast playing through the story of this game.  This game is worth a playthrough if you like space sims mixed with some trading and a lot of fighting.  This game seems to be on sale during most steam sales so I would suggest picking it up during one of them.
76561197963864220,Recommended,290300,26632141,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,lochinator,"This game is just awesome.Sure: the quests are repetitive and the universe lacks depth, but if you're into space sims like Freelancer this is your game. If you also like games, where the difficulty stays hard and you have to overcome a lot of frustrating moments, but enjoy it, when you finally win, this is for you.I enjoyed every minute of it and I will finish the story again."
76561198052687936,Recommended,290300,28470438,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,LuciusDiabolus,"Pro:+Some of the coolest music I ever heard+Beautiful galaxy scenery+Simplistic, naval like battlesystem+Small but diverse weapon arsenal+Neat little trading systemCon:-Mainstory ok but not really interesting-2D-travel/-fighting sadly misses the 3D-aspect of space-Fighting and missions get very repetitive after a whileResult:Someone who liked Freelancer will probably like this game, as well as fans of Firefly. But the price of 20€ may be a tiny bit too high. Thus I'd recommend waiting for a sale."
,Recommended,290300,28521900,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Word To Your Mothership,Warping in with a dreadnought and killing pirates. No other feeling like it.
76561197999230504,Not Recommended,290300,28368973,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Raiden89,"I really liked the atmosphere and the story was ok. The combat wasn't great, but I had fun.Then I left the first system and it got stupid. The craft available to you early on are not powerful enough, and you need an excessive amount to get strong enough ships; however, you can either trade, or do easy missions for 10-15k. I need 500k+.  I tried ""blockade running"", which sounded like a lot of fun. I could pretend to be Han Solo or some such nonsense, but again, it was either too easy, or I died instantly.That's not fun. There needs to be fun."
,Recommended,290300,28421218,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,lellefot,"Now this is what I like. Riding into combat guns blazing with music blasting out of the speakers. So far so good. The game is very good, it looks good it plays reasonably well. I don't mind the 2D setting, since it would probably just be a mess in full 3D, like som many other space-games. The story is excellent and even if the ending is a bit on the low key, it does seem appropriate. The game itself gives you different ways to live your life. You can be a priate, a stickler for the law, or something inbetween. I will raise a couple of points on the negative side though. The game is based around fixed values in equipment. In other words if you have hull plating absorbing 10K damage, it will be 10K damage no matter what size ship you have. Same with weapons, and shields. This means that having a natural progression up the available ships gradually increasing in size, is in fact a terrible idea. This sice all your are doing in buying a bigger ship is making yourself a bigger target. If things scaled with the ships this would be a good idea, but as it is it's not, just find yourself a fast ship with good amounts of ports, and upgrade the equipment to max, and you're set. Second negative point is that once you've done the story, there really isn't much to do, the sandbox in which it is set isn't very varied, same type missins with the same type people. However don't let these things discourage you from getting the game, since it is still awsome for those 30-40 hours it will take you to complete the story, which isn't bad for a game these days.Pluses:Playstyle.Graphics.Awsome Soundtrack.Good storyline.Freedom.Pasting aliens with your guns.Minuses:Static values for equipment.Limited play after completion."
76561198218800792,Recommended,290300,28386943,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,The Rhinopotomus,"I loved it. Constant action gts a little repeptitive, but stays satisfying. BIt of a weak, cliche ending but overall an intuiging space adventure and a great, fun game that has a very strong feeling of Firefly."
76561198047573773,Recommended,290300,28367799,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,LT Slate,"One of my favorite games! For those of you that played EVE you're in for a lot of smiles and LOL's. Rebel Galaxy gives graphical-life to agent interaction, mission running, hauling and mining. RG even has their own version of event mission (after 10 missions) and the agent interaction to boot!CCP should have dumped the time and money they wasted on Dust, into a glossy version of this! While RG is nowhere near as complex or graphically equal (Ships & Stations) to EVE it works! It is truly fun and addicting.RG is simple to jump into while being moderately challenging down/up stream. You’ll hear people complaining about cargo size, trade issues, routes, quantities, ETC. These folks just haven’t figured out how to navigate the many hurdles and differences RG brings to the table. The one thing you won’t hear much of (if any) are bugs and faulty programming. The depth of RG was also surprising. I was expecting a couple dozen hours of game play tops; and a much smaller universe.The day you warp into a hot LZ, slide in sideways and unload with a dozen (or two!) turrets, broadsides and missile launchers… you’ll grin ear to ear and know what I am talking about.My RL is in deep trouble if games like this start getting top of the line graphics, 6DOF, flight stick support, more storyline, juicy-lore and a much larger sandbox. Then there is VR, holy-pod batman! I’ll be checking out Elite Dangerous and Everspace once Santa hooks me up with my VR gear.Cheers"
76561198008528733,Recommended,290300,28313904,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Samušo,"This is a very addictve game with a very mild learning curve and relaxing gameplay. I've been on a lookout for a good Privateer-like game for a long time but all of those I've tried were quite difficult to master.Thankfully, Rebel Gallaxy is no space simulator, it is a space arcade with enjoyable gameplay.Although the missions are basically of the same sorts (go there, kill them all), the number of options to upgrade your ship keeps you in the ""just another mission"" mood.Visual-wise, the game is very well polished, the ships are lovably ugly, rugged and industrial. Combat is a frenzy of fireworks and lethal beams, the explosions are satisfyingly epic.Since this is a ""cowboys in space game"", the soundtrack features rock, country and blues tracks of contemporary artists and is a pleasure to listen to -- unless you play the game several hours straight, then you'll wish someone would change the CD.To conclude, this is a perfect Privateer-like game for buccaneers who can't be bothered to learn the ropes in a space simulator; for lazy gamers, if you wish."
76561198033352818,Recommended,290300,28313945,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,valgis,i relly like this game would love to see more like it!
,Recommended,290300,21064368,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,NightWraith512,"I cant sing enough praises for this game. The combat is vivid and engaging, the sound track is awesome and fits the game so freaking well, and it is certantly not without its own unique challenges."
76561197991936173,Recommended,290300,20531688,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,eKestrel,"Good game.Biggest problem: Using one key for 98% of your actions. Picking up cargo? E. Warping? E. Going between systems? E. Trying to warp away while near cargo you don't want and will be locked into picking up while getting pounded by torpedoes? E, but good luck figuring all that out as you're scrambling to survive.ETA: Well, it was fun and compelling. Too bad the story petered out all of a sudden. No side storylines or real questlines besides grinding reputation. Still fun, but a disappointment compared to how it could have been. I'm comparing in particular to Freelancer, whose story was a real kick in the pants despite dated graphics and subpar interactions."
76561197969290082,Recommended,290300,21043315,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,magus32,great game
,Not Recommended,290300,21129959,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Iron,"You cant fly up and down... in a spaceship.Bit shallow. If ship would fly freely it would be a good Freelancer itch satisfaction, but it does not :("
,Recommended,290300,21135975,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,ethan,things i wished for in this game:1: alien outposts where u can buy their ships and equipment2: more ships cuz they are awesome as hell.3: more varitey of weaponsother than that this game is one of the best space games i've played in a long while and thats something.
,Recommended,290300,21137202,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,EvilArts,"Awesome Game. Easy to get into, sexy music, good combat (feels really hefty and weighty) - overall a recommendation!"
76561198069412987,Recommended,290300,21449888,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Razorbeard,"Man what a great game!If you loved Freelancer or Darkstar one then I highly recommend this game!Combat plays out very well, nothing like hearing your enemy's comms die out because they all just exploded all over the place. Trade system works well, ship can jump to super fast speeds, graphics are amazing and the ships look really badass! Music makes you feel like a cowboy in space with massive braodside guns! (I miss firefly...)The story and character development is a bit weak though and could use some novelist skills to bump it up a bit. Also a few more factions and a bigger galaxy wouldn't hurt but thats just because I dont want the game to end!All in all a fantastic addition to my collection. I will play this many times over.Thanks guys!"
,Recommended,290300,21319516,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,meatzman2,"The first open world space RPG I've ever really played and it's pretty decent. My only problem with it is that it gets extremely repetitive after a while:1. acquire money, through trade, piracy or missions2. buy new ship3. equip with next level of guns4. rinse and repeatAdmittedly I haven't played the storyline all the way through but for me there isn't really enough there in the game. The factions feel slightly pointless to rep up or down and ALL OF THE MISSIONS ARE THE SAME. I can't really emphasise this enough. Plus it uses the single worst quest type ever conceived.... escort quests. The escort quests are buggy as hell with the person you're escorting randomly picking fights with militia and the 'warp binding' mechanic keeps breaking when you do absolutely nothing at all.Besides that the fighting and flying around space is pretty fun and it looks pretty good too. It kept me entertained for a bit and it's something I might play again when on a long trip with nothing else to do."
76561198045392294,Not Recommended,290300,21318174,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,bananalopa,"Great game with great music, but...2 critical bugs:1. player ship can't move back but can stuck, especially in main story-line objects2. save system is a pain. I've played 4 hours and now I have no saves, cause my only save is a dead trap - enemies kill me in 5 sec after loading"
76561198060284276,Not Recommended,290300,21586585,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,the_largest_rodent,"Too buggy. Game would crash on average about 2 times an hour for me (particularly when docking at a station under fire). Final crash about 20 hours in made it unplayable (will not start on launch now). It's too bad because the gameplay can be fun. I'd love to switch this to a positive review, but the developers will need to resolve the crash issues first."
,Recommended,290300,20502936,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,DubMeister,"I wouldn't say this game is for everyone since the gameplay can be rather repetitive. You start off in an old tin can of a ship with weak weaponry and work your way up.Combat is the best way to make money. Dialogue in both story and NPC interactions is a little shallow. Money pretty much determines your success in this game. Soundtrack is great, and if you don't like it you can always customize it to whatever you like before you launch the game. (Used Tiberian Sun original soundtracks for mine). The battles in this game can become quite the vibrant light show with lasers, cannon fire, missiles, and explosions everywhere. Every time you start a new game, it's a new sector map of stars. NPC's and events you encounter are all procedurally generated."
76561198026807727,Recommended,290300,20521027,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,FREEDOM! BeepBeep,Very enjoyable :). It's making me crave more space games. There was only one thing I didn't do and I should probably go do that.
76561197982630533,Not Recommended,290300,20500187,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Stromko,"This is a fun game for the first few hours, but after that the grind is really bad. The worst part about it is that the more powerful your ship gets, the more powerful every enemy in every mission becomes. That's Oblivion-style balancing and I'm pretty sure everybody hated that, so I'd have to give it a negative review."
76561198143735759,Not Recommended,290300,20494385,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,KillJoyfatty,wrong game for me. just seems too limited
,Recommended,290300,20494634,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Dinosaur Rave Party,"A good space trucking game. Alot of fun to fly around space and have fantastic space battles with pirates while you're hauling IP to a space station five jumps away. With a healthy amount of ships and weapons, it's never gotten boring. :D"
76561198060794210,Recommended,290300,20516458,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,brianell24,"This game is awesome!  As a 32 year old with 2 young kids, I was looking for a space, trade, blow things up kind of game. This game was perfect.  My 3 year old watched me blow things up and got excited when the entire screen flashed and things lit on fire.  Kids aside, this game was action packed and well worth the price!  Graphics are awesome, the battles are intense, and the fun factor was 10/10!"
,Recommended,290300,20501091,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,RezU,"These game is a blast, and can only get better. Have made 3 diffrent playthroughs for diffrent roads that i wanted to try such as being a pirate a merc and i plan on starting another ro try out a trading and mining rought. The modding community is already going balls to the walls with seeing what they can do to the game to add more or expanded what is already there, and i look forward to seeing what they can come up with."
76561198019968003,Recommended,290300,20501900,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Hamspray,"9/10. Great game. Simple, fun, explosive. Never found a bug in 54+ hours of play. Rebel Galaxy is a fun non-committal way to play a space trucker or pirate. The game has an amazing soundtrack, solid visuals and a quirky sense of humor.  There's a repetitiveness that becomes the norm mid-late game but I still enjoyed it. A great buy for $20."
,Not Recommended,290300,20534695,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,MrHook,"I wnted to like this game, I tried my hardest to like it...  but despite the things it has going for it, good graphics and a great soundtrack, well. Their's just no getting around the many bad things.The game starts off by just dumping you straight into a ship heading for a space station. The only back story is that your aunt gave you the ship and told you to meet her there. You pick up your first quest from the bar tender who also gives you a broken AI module that when you wake it up later has amnesia...  I've seen weaker plots, but barely.The speech system is almost entirely irrlevant as it boils down to ""accept quest y/n"".The entire game, nay, the entire universe is two dimentional, well for you the player anyway..  Enemies and objects have access to the mythical Z dimension, but you dont. This becomes especially frustrating when trying to line up shots on asteroids or enemy ships that fly above or below you.When mining or just loot colleting after a battle, you have to keep pressing the scan button in orer to see where the loot has dropped as it doesnt stay populated on your screen or radar for more than a few seconds. To make matters worse, the majority of the commands in the game are bound to the same damn key, forcing you to pay close attention to the context popup at the bottom of the screen so you dont accidentally activate your warp drive instead of using your tractor beam to pull the loot into your cargo hold. For that matter their is no easy way to switch between what you're trying to target and what's closest to you, so if you want those gold bars that dropped from the freighter you blew up, you're also going to have to pick up the box full of kidneys that's floating next to it.Missions are the typical go kill this or go escort this ship someplace else. The escort missions wouldnt be so bad except that when you slave your warp drive to theirs you lose all control of your ship and the games pathfinder AI honestly believes that it's perfectly ok to ram into asteroids, other ships, the giant freaking space station etc.  Couple that with the fact that space is a LOT more crowded than I've been led to believe and you almost cant make a trip from point A to B without having to stop and fight or run into an asteroid or debris field 3-4 times.The quest system also seems to be broken, as missions marked low risk seem to often have 3-4 destroyers and a capitol ship or two where as missions the game says i shouldnt be able to complete are complete cake walks."
76561197982279268,Recommended,290300,20532090,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,theazninvasion68,TL;DR Swashbuckling the ♥♥♥♥ing galaxy with a kick♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack for combat9/10
,Recommended,290300,20349247,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Blackrobe,Definitely in my Top 10 games of 2015.
76561198050836783,Recommended,290300,23413494,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Mrromeijn,"Well, this one is a dousy, ain't it? Let's get straight into it.The game is fun, that is for sure, but it also has quite a bit of problems and interesting bits, so lets start with the bad.Bad things-As of writing this I have not played that much of the game, but I already see that combat will be a bore in the future- 2 dimentions in space. You are allowed to move at the Z and X-axis but the Y is reserved to small spaceships and debree*- npc are blander then cornflakesInteresting/good things- graphics are nice(ish)- Actual economy-The ability to add your own songs to the soundtrack. Why haven't more games done that?- Orignial soundtrack is good rock-empty space (immersive)- Broadside combat* I understand why they did the 2 dimension part, the broadside combat would be useless, you would warp beyond your goal constantly and they would have to limit height some way. Now they can keep it a small, fast and action packed game. So, I am not that sour about that aspect, might ruin it for some fans, though.Overall a decent enough game, but it would best be bought on sale, 20 bucks is a bit steep."
,Not Recommended,290300,23474351,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Justin,"Game is awesome and i really enjoying playing it but it keeps crashing randomly gettinga (ERROR IN UNCOMPRESSING)  when entering asteroid fields saved game has become corrupted twice already. on my first time I was only 5 hours in secound save had about 30 hours had gotten a lot of great iteam and an awesome ship, then crash and now i can no longer load my game which sucks, Im done playing until i see a patch come outI have used steam verify ever time it crashed, and completly deleted local content and reinstalled 3 times"
76561198287260837,Recommended,290300,23214075,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,PILLAGE THE VILLAGE!,"Best. Soundtrack. Ever.Just the right amount of grind, just the right amount of challenge to make it interesting and fun, and altogether gives you a feeling of accomplishment once you grind up and save enough for that really badass endgame ship. I smiled really big once I finally got it."
76561198041995622,Recommended,290300,23334580,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Norway Lobster,"Very good game, i used it as a game to play between waiting for other games, is so much better than that tho!!! and i often look at it wanting to play it more but not having timeonly annoying thing i had was i wanted a ship and when i finally had the money i could not find the ship !!!! XD9/10 alot of fun, would by dlc"
,Recommended,290300,23335024,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,hachette blomquist,"i love this game, the music selections are great and it feels so fun to play. if you want to relax you can travel without warp"
76561198051010431,Not Recommended,290300,23335095,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Pdox,"It\'s an okay game if you don\'t mind the railroading, but it doesn\'t give you near enough player agency."
,Recommended,290300,20043714,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,obiWanted,"Wild Wild West themed game where Broadsides matter mostly from ship to ship. You can mount auto-turrets to your Space ship. If you can pick this game up on sale you have yourself quite a bargain! On sale, mostly because the playability isn't really there after 50 hours, the Developers need to make it so that when you complete the game you get awarded all solar systems to be visitable as well as at least 3 more solar systems to fun-terrorize at will of the new enemy. Also in the very least they need a DLC of some kind to extend the ending just right. There is hope though, you can mod this game to no end and some people are fidning out ways to adding solar systems. They have already found ways to unlock solar systems you completed previously with the game, even at the time of this writing."
76561198007662698,Recommended,290300,20026158,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Bloodstar,"Great game.  Lots of combat. Privateer with capital ships, not fighters. Fantastic value for money."
,Recommended,290300,20072918,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Jerkhappymatt,"Picked up this game while it was on sale, I probably wouldn't have bought it full price. I definitely would've missed out. This game is easily work 20 bucks, but if it's on sale definitely grab it. It kinda feels like if you mixed Firefly and Star Wars. The atmosphere and music screams Firefly, but the space battles definitely feel like Star Wars. I've only put 5 hours into at this point but I can easily see myself sinking over 40 with repeat playthroughs. The soundtrack is awesome but I do think it might get repetetive after a while, but the devs have it set up where you can play your own music through the game. Or you can play pandora in the background like everybody else. It's kind of a bummer that you can't fly up and down, only side to side. It's kind of good though, the devs did it to keep the learning curve for flight low so you can focus on shooting in battles. The actively changing trade markets at the different ports was a really nice touch. You can literally do almost whatever you want. Wanna be a space miner? Go for it. Wanna be a pirate and attack the innocent? Do it big. Wanna be boring and just play the story? Waste your money. The game isn't too hard to pick up and beat, but it's not a cakewalk either. You don't have your hand held in this game, if offers tips but doesn't stop you from running into high level pirates if you're not careful. That being said, it isn't too hard to earn money and upgrade your ship or buy a new one. Overall, I highly reccomend this game to anybody that's ever wanted to pilot their own space ship."
76561198008631547,Recommended,290300,20069095,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Opticalx,"Guys cannot recommend this game enough!Pro's: Very good gameplay action: Awesome sound track, very chilled and moody.: Easy to learn and pick up.: Great graphics and effects: Open world with plenty of side content.Cons: Can be kinda grindy at times to get the cash for upgrades.: Travel time can feel slow at the beginning ( Recommend upgrading warp drives and gettting gate travel early ): Story is kinda mediocore, but the game play makes up for this."
76561198107118392,Recommended,290300,20069555,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Ehub8990,"Great GamePros:Ship combat is greatProgression is fantasticWeapons can be sold for the same price as they were bought- so you can try everything and see what you liked best21 Flyable shipsFaction reputation is a good systemCons:Side missions can get repetitive after a whileThis is 100% worth the money, I finished the story in 25 hours after paying just £10"
,Recommended,290300,20067069,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,UnrulyRuffian,"Rebel Galaxy = Elite lite!Essentially this game boils down to a series of ""Go to X blow up Y"" missions to earn money to buy better gear and ships to blow up bigger and harder stuff. It's a little bit grindy. BUT! As a time deprived father of two, this is a fantastic game which allows me to dip in and out with minimal effort or long term commitment. The perfect accompaniment for a podcast or two.That makes it sound as if there's nothing of value in Rebel Galaxy - and that's not true. It's got a level of graphical and audio polish that you don't see on many bigger budget titles. Blowing things up is fun, even 32 hours in. The next big upgrade or ship is never too far away, so the urge to keep earning money remains strong.Rebel Galaxy is ace, as long as you adjust your expectations going in. Think of a space opera directed by Michael Bay rather than Ridley Scott."
76561197984373945,Recommended,290300,20061304,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Nox,"Pretty much the game i've been waiting for since freelancer.The thing that irks me, and my only complaint about the game is that you can't fly in all directions (up and down motion is locked) other than that this is the most fun i've had in awhile.Definite recommendation.Not much more to say, I'm off to rob some merchants."
76561198125639970,Recommended,290300,20058064,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Rhazzull,"I have lost track on how long I have been playing... it does not offer much in tutorial and took me a bit to get use to it. HOWEVER!! This game is more than I could have hoped for. Smooth play easy controls, and great characters to deal with. Also keeps you on your toes as you may run into a bigger opponent. I recommend this game with 4 1/2 stars. Tweek the tutorial and I could give this a 5 out of 5 no doubt."
76561198045379907,Recommended,290300,20082505,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,MrJoeSmo,"ok, i got this game on sale, and was it worth it? yea, absolutly, hell, its worth the 20 bucks. now im going to be honest and im pretty sure alot of you who have not bought this gem yet will agree, it was, at least for me, almost a turn off when i found out it was a 2d kinda game, and i dont mean graphicaly obviously, no i mean in the movement of your ship, that alone almost made me not want to try it. but man, am i glad i did, this game is amazing on so many levels, so good infact that im going to buy it again when it comes to consoles. first, the music! oh man, the in game music is so damn fitting and amazing, i will be honest, im not sure exactly what type of genre it fits into, but its sorta like a blues rock kinda hybrid, but its really well done and it fits the game, but if for whatever reason you dont like it, or just want to listen to your own music, there is an option to do that when you start the game. here is a youtube link to a song from the game (not my video)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IV8Ez1zou3c&index=2&list=PLIUCswZbpkdnr0njIhcn5JjIyKMdjRwxt. the other sound effects are just as good to, the graphics are amazing, really, in all honesty i have no gripes with this game, its fun, it looks good, and it sounds good. really thats all there is to it. these guys have created and amazing game, trust me, its a purchase you wont regret!"
,Recommended,290300,19891111,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Herr Ronin,"Rebel Galaxy.If anyone can look at pretty pictures like I can you would see that this is indeed a space game, somthing that a lot of Developers do wrong, very wrong. This however makes a very nice change of pace, you start in a old tech spaceship that has been fighting with engineers to keep going and with that being said you arrive in some questionable system thats located in the middle of nothing and make do.The great thing about this game is making do is great fun, you can do the main story missons or go full pirate and talk trash down the communication system to the trader making him drop his load (no pun intended) and then sell it for some glorious credits and make your way up in the world, its such a simple system but as I said so many do it wrong, I could sit here all day and blow air into this games intake but I doubt I'll do myself any justice, so let's go over the pro and cons, please note I may be baised due to liking the game a lot!~ PROS ~~ Sandbox~ Easy controls~ Missions don't feel bland or boring~ Ship design is very well done~ The game looks glorious and the soundtrack doesn't make my ears bleed~ Storyline keeps you interested and wanting to know more~ There is a nice amount of weapons and upgrades~ Recruit a wingman to help you ingame~ CONS ~~ No fleet management~ Trading seems rather pointless~ Reputation takes forever to build up~ Simple shield and armor damage notifications - (Sometimes you will not notice you are taking hull damage)If I'm being honest here I really can't think of any great cons, I mean this is a very good game for the price, there is easily 40 hours of content in this game and frankly theres not enough good single player spaceship games on Steam, this is a hidden treasure and if you don't buy it you are missing out.10/10 best pirate simulator."
76561198011611768,Recommended,290300,19891121,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Thorn,"It's an easy to learn game, which is nice if you are not too thrilled by having to learnhow to play a piano just to land your ship (looking at you Elite Dangerous)Some review said: Like a mixture of Freelancer and Black Flag. Don't know the laterbut it's the closest I have felt to Freelancer - well, since the actual game.Now it just needs an MP and/or Modsupport. Even without a solid 9.5/10 for me.Also one of the best controller supported games I've yet played."
,Recommended,290300,19894934,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,(not) Y2K Compliant,"Fun game, amazing soundtrack"
,Recommended,290300,20022371,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Fable,"awsome game, nicely themed, only thing is i REALLY wish i could open my computer as a server/host for friends to play with, i would hate to see this game as a mmo, but small scale where i could host privatly, that would be a dlc worth paying for."
76561197970112673,Recommended,290300,20023079,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,[DEV] Markfoot,More value than a lot of AAA titles.
,Recommended,290300,20025697,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,OMNOMSUSHI,Space pirates.
76561198073748123,Recommended,290300,20078985,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Monte Crisco,"I don't enjoy every space game.  EVE Online while amazing was just too much of a headache for me to enjoy.  My personal favorite back before most folks reading this were born was Sundog.  You had it all, mystery, space, little rpg, ship repair, space and planet exploration.  While Rebel Galaxy doesn't have some of those things it has the right feel.   It is fun and challanging.   Highly reccommend!"
76561197962756017,Recommended,290300,20107248,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,PaladinVII,"If you liked Freelancer, you will like this game.  It is not as good as the aforementioned, but it is damn close to it.  The only real difference between the two games is the replayability.  Freelancer had a lot of stuff to do after you finished the main storyline.  After the storyline was over, I felt like there was no real challenge except to perhaps try a new game as a pirate instead of playing through as a law abiding citizen.However, the storyline was actually good (but there were a lot of parallels between Freelancer and this game), and the gameplay was fantastic and enjoyable!9/10"
,Recommended,290300,20114979,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,severance7,"I'm only about 12 hours in, but I can say this game has provided the most fun of any game I've played in a long time.  It's not really deep, but there's enough content to keep you busy, and the game is fast-paced enough that you won't get bored waiting for load screens or warp travel.I like that there are lots of random events (probably more than is realistic in the vastness of space) and they keep you alert when travelling and running missions.  The beginning difficulty curve is really good.  I never felt like I was getting kicked while I was down , but there was a struggle at the start to get going and be able to defend myself.  I'm not sure how it will be 30-50 hours in, but if it gets too easy, it will get old fast.I do like that events and battles are unpredictable.  On a few occasions I've jumped in on an enemy and they call in their buddies and beat the crap out of me.  I've also been burned on a couple of commodity trades when the market turned against me.Overall, I'd recommend the game, especially for the price.  There's room for improvement so if Double Damage releases an expansion or a sequel, I'll be buying it."
76561198154540685,Recommended,290300,22624759,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,mywaytokill,I'll be very quick -This game rocks  -  The controls are almost prefect and responsive-  The story  line is mostly original-  The gameplay itself kept my interest longer than a couple of hours  which beats 75% of most games out there- Well worth the cash I paid for it
76561198169755025,Recommended,290300,22626511,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,AWildBantha,I like the trading grind.  Pirated a merchant to steal munitions which I sold to a planet at war from where I bought contraband for cheap and made huge profits on the next stop at a  not-so-lawful planet. 10/10 would swindle again. XD
,Recommended,290300,22682540,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Christoph,"So, I bought this game on a whim thinking it may kill some time, but wow was I impressed!  The targeting system and broadsides shooting take so getting used to but man is it fun!.  Give this game about 20-30 minutes and you'll see why it is rated well."
76561198018916729,Recommended,290300,22641975,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,joseescapa,"This is an awesome simulator, I just wish one could also do ground gunfights and trading on the ground. Make it like Pirates of the carribean back on Xbox. NOSTALGIA FOREVER!!!"
76561198059673342,Recommended,290300,18945503,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Anthony AyeDog,"New Review:It's been a few months since I've played (and beaten) this game... and I find myself passing up probably-good games because it just doesn't seem like they'll compare, even remotely. And here's why:Music: I fell in love. The sound of it, the timing, intensity, flow and quick pace is utterly perfect. When I'm working on something I'll still do a youtube ""Rebel Galaxy music playlist"" search and let it take over. I've recommended the same to friends and they all LOVE it.Combat: I thought it would be bland and I would hate it. I honestly only played for the capital ship combat. I wanted the biggest, baddest ship and that was my sole goal in the game. Somehow, and I'm still scratching my head, RG made corvettes and frigates astoundingly fun to play. I've gone from my big dreadnaught back into a corvette for no reason other than I wanted to zip and boost around a larger ship or through groups of enemy ships and spam broadsides to my heart's content. It's... satisfying..Dialogue: The trailer makes it seem cheesy. The game just confirms it. But it had a good story, I liked the characters, and nothing felt pushed, forced or too ""whut."" Great job by the voicing staff!Ships: A very broad selection to choose from, almost all with their own benefits (speed and size or firepower in terms of broadside ports, turrets, or a mix of both (I always preferred turrets.. pew pew all over). You couldn't own multiple ships at once and cycle through em at will, but the process of going from ship to ship (buying the next size one or trading in for a smaller one) was effortless, and smooth. On top of that, the ""grind"" was perfect. You look at the prices and think ""no way in hell can I ever reach that"" and before you know it, you're two tiers below it and it's within a day's reach. Great reward/price scaling!That's all I can think of for now, but DEFINITELY get this game, sale or not. And if you see that a friend wants it, get it for them, too."
76561198017838470,Recommended,290300,22639699,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,ElkVortex,It's a bit like the old Treasure Planet game in a good way. Campaign took around 20 hours.
76561197973214116,Recommended,290300,22639773,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,fzl,"Picked this up just becasue I wanted something different, and I had a refund from another game I needed to use. It plays well but it is very much like a cross between the old Privateer and Dark Star One. The other reviews provide a lot info regarding the game play and the pros and cons so I won't go into any of them here. If you liked Privateer (if you've even heard of it) then this will make you feel at home. For the price I paid, it was worth it."
76561198024342358,Recommended,290300,22529060,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,doomstringer,"500 billion times better than Elite Dangerous.  No Z-axis (up-down) on flight, but you won't miss it because combat is awesome.  This has a vibe somewhere between Borderlands and the TV series Firefly.  It's sorta like driving your truck in space.  Alot of the annoying things about space sims are gone from this, docking is just a press of a button, and trips from point A to point B usually have some point of interest pop up, so no more boring trips through dead space, the sky/backgrounds are visually appealing.  Bottom line, get this game even at full price."
,Recommended,290300,22487440,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,rux616,"Disclaimer: I love this game, so while I am going to try and keep this review impartial, there's a very good chance that the application of rose-tinted glasses will still be involved.To start off: If you're expecting a full-fledged space sim, this is not it.  I would liken it more to a naval battle game.  In space. With lasers.  FRICKIN' LASERS, man.And it.  Is.  Fun.  Though it's not a super long game, it will still keep you entertained for quite some time.  I have about 56 hours on the books at the time of this review and I only just completed the game.  Keep in mind, though, that I took my time, did plenty of side missions, and have hunted down more pirate kings than you can shake a stick at.The graphics are pretty good in my opinion.  Good textures, pretty explosions, fairly well-designed UI.  Nothing much more to say about them.The sound though, or more specifically the soundtrack, is FREAKING AMAZING.  Honestly some of the best soundtrack music I have had the pleasure of listening to.  And even better?  They're all *.ogg files in the game directory so you can easily add them to your favorite flavor of music management software.  The music significantly enhances the game's atmosphere and gives it a nice Firefly-like vibe.The controls do take a little while to get used to, and can still be a bit testy at times.  However, once you do get used to them, you'll realize that things are actually relatively easy to control.I would say it's already worth the standard asking price, but if you can get it on sale you'd be silly not to pick it up."
76561198079324657,Recommended,290300,22982542,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,oconnomo,Just finished. Decent game though there isn't a whole heck of a lot of variation.  Buy if on sale.
,Recommended,290300,22987352,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,ABTurtle,I am Loving this game and hope that more content is addedSo much fun
76561197964182076,Recommended,290300,21701225,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,[KG]OldFart,It is hard to tell which one is better  Startpoint Gemini 2 or Rebel Galaxy?!?Rebel Galaxy is still wort to play through..
,Recommended,290300,21181687,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Yuanchueh,"Really, really enjoying this game. I've only just started, but I can tell I'm going to love it."
76561198008911458,Recommended,290300,21183086,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Czar Petrovich,"This game could be described as Firefly the video game, or Space Pirates and Zombies in 2.5D, or a space cowboy's dream. Buy this game!Analysis: Fun. This game is fun."
,Recommended,290300,21067055,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Blingus,"This game is incredible! Some how you guys managed to combine the old Mac game, Escape Velocity (created by my cousin when he was 13), and the TV show Firefly. I'm blown away and completely addicted!I was able to jump straight into the game with confidence and start blasting away.Kudos on making one of my new favorite games!"
,Recommended,290300,20934566,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,bayjell Spart0n,LOVE IT!!!
76561198003118032,Recommended,290300,21013933,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Omega Sentinel,Prepare to broadside!!!!!!
76561198032396835,Recommended,290300,21162408,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Aleric Frost,"At first I thought the game a bit simple... once I really got into it though it really started making me smile. The soundtrack is excellent, the graphics are spectacular, even the physics are MOSTLY accurate. I'm really impressed with this and hope it not only isn't the last one in the series but that the developers expand on this title as well."
,Recommended,290300,21263699,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Junglebudz,"I have over 50 hours in this game, got the best ship, all the best weapons, did almost all the achievements (but for a few that I found would take forever). For a 20$ purchase this game is excellent. Simple and fun.. I didn't go the route of trading much because simple the combat was too enjoyable to pass up.  If you are looking for a good, build your ship, fight epic battles, build some more on your ship, fight bigger epic battles, then this is a good game for the money.  I'm glad finally there is a game that you can actually beat again instead of the 200+ hour games that you feel little is achieved in the last 10 hours you spent on it. It's a solid game, never crashed. Had a few instances where some of the escort missions seems quirky with the AI routing, but all in all, they worked.  The things people say about not being able to fly vertically, well.. it's really not needed and this game works great without it.  It's a broad side battle game.  It's probably not much in reply ability though, but I can spend 20$ at a movie theater and get 2 hours of enjoyment and probably never watch the movie again. This was 50 hours and well worth that SS."
76561198019350609,Recommended,290300,18619075,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Valkyrie,Im gonna kill every damn pirate .10/10 respawn simulator.
76561198047160375,Recommended,290300,18657999,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Ruzzian,"I really enjoyed it, cool ships, weapons, free 2 explore the galaxy and plunder. Amazing graphics. I would recomend it to others but i returned it myself for the simply reason of not liking how the camera handled when firing your weapons. If an enemy ships goes beyond your screen, you have to take your mouse to turn the screen, but your firing reticle is no longer on the enemy then, and also found it really hard aiming the broad side cannons. Got a bit frustrating to me, but i could see myself loving the game if not for these. Hope others have a better time with it."
76561197964463619,Recommended,290300,18654765,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Yamfries,"Recommended, with some caveats. While very pretty, the game feels to lack a lot of polish. My turrets almost destroyed a ship I was supposed to be escorting trying to hit a target on the other side of the escortee. The menus were very obviously designed for consoles, with no work put in for them on PC. Mouse has little functionality in the menus, and you are forced to use the keyboard for all inputs. There are plenty of ships in the game that you won't be able to actually fly, which is a shame because they're some of the best looking ships. It doesn't matter what your reputation is with them you can't buy them, and there's no ship capture mechanic. The really disappointing thing about not having a way to capture ships is that you are forced to do very repetitive missions over and over in order to upgrade.Ultimately, its a ""blonde"" version of Starsector: pretty and fun, but, in the end, a shallow experience."
,Recommended,290300,18655010,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,El Pablo-San,"For fans of Firefly, looking for a great-looking, simply-to-play space sim, this is it!"
76561198005801906,Recommended,290300,18596390,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Negritis,"Well i can't say i played this game too muchBUT i think its a good game.I heard that the keyboard-mouse control is bad, but for me i don't care about that detail. We are in 2015 and playing this a gamepad isn't that big a of a deal for me (except for shooters/rts like games)The control with gamepad feels natural, i can feel the waste of the space.The characters feels a bit retro, but i like that aspect as well.The combat is good, but you need to get the hang of it.For the price i think this is definetly worth it.I only have one open question with the game, and that's repetitiveness, but for the budget price if it becomes boring after 20-30 hours, i don't really care"
76561198066141643,Recommended,290300,20379954,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,killrek,a very fun game to kill time. Very easy to understand. Awesome graphics. No issues with this game. I kinda with it had multiplayer.
76561197972325181,Recommended,290300,20421188,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Schallmau3r,Pros: Great GameCons: No Trading cards
,Recommended,290300,20437198,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Burrows,"Really fun space fighting, trading, exploring.  Great game and definitely worth the asking price."
,Recommended,290300,20445382,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Skuggrekyl,"Rebel Galaxy is a game that was able to quench my thirst for fun space battles and warp drive travels. If you like big ships, bombarding your opponents with missiles, laser or other high-tech weaponry...I think this game will be a good choice. What I've experienced with the quest system so far it's nothing amazing, but it's still fun to travel around the galaxy hunting bad guys or just doing simple delivery."
76561198007250891,Recommended,290300,20430720,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,t_weed2003,"I've only played Rebel Galaxy a little bit, but it strikes me as a fun space flight game.  The 2D plane is a little weird, but you get used to it after a while.  The graphics are good, the atmosphere is fun, and the overall experience seems fresh and entertaining.  I don't think this game will be one where I log hundreds of hours, but who knows?  Overall, entertaining, especially if you can find it on sale!"
76561197978425618,Recommended,290300,20459693,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Deravon,This is one of the best space sims on the market. The arcade feel and core story make it feel more cenematic and less technical than say Elite: Dangerous. The gameplay is fun and engaging though like most games it can get repetitive. The soundtrack may be what makes this game as great as it is. If you are a fan of Firefly you'll notice similarities instantly. For me this was a positive factor that quickly immersed me into the world. If you're looking for a good space sim with solid mechanics and a decent story look no further.
76561198020210918,Recommended,290300,20455374,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Maverick,Love this game. After 113 hours I am still playing it. I do have two saves both with Black gates. One is a finished game and the other I am working on now is a black gate and only the first few steps of the story mission complete. After I Mark 6 everything I am going to go do the story.I am ready for Rebel galaxy 2 right now though. Hurry up and make it guys.
,Not Recommended,290300,20470644,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,BurntHombre,"This game is kinda cool but it got boring fast. The main problem is that most of the weapons are really bad, leaving you with almost no variety or alternative ship loadouts. Good enough to play around with, but it won't keep your attention very long."
76561198050549041,Recommended,290300,20471945,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,BakaLogic,"I thought I wouldn't like this game since you basically fly on one plane instead of manuevering three dimensionally.  I was wrong.  The atmosphere of the game is fantastic, the graphics are good enough to keep me immersed and the music brings to mind Serenity/Firefly.  It does need some improvement in a few areas (Escort missions are rather boring and longer than I'd commit to) and so far I've not seen a reason to upgrade my ship from my trusty Tennhausen.  Still, a great game to fill your time.Also, I'm a sucker for any game that let's you name your ship."
,Recommended,290300,20463659,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,MythicZephyr,"Finally beat the game after 32 hours. Not bad for a 10$ game (on sale.)I'd rate it a solid 7-10Pros:Solid Soundtrack - Honestly this may be the best part about the game, it really gives you the feeling of being on the frontier fringes of space, especially getting into scraps with pirates and crime syndicates and other degenerates (provided you aren't already working for them and taking on the militia.)The Ships - You start out with a barebones tiny 2 guns ship. From there you work your way up the ladder, selling it off along with whatever credits you have towards larger more heavily armed and armored vessels. The ship I ended the game with was roughly 10x the size of my starting one, with so many laser cannons and turrets I felt like I was at a light show.The Combat - The travel and controls are two dimensional for your ship, but that doesn't mean there aren't plenty of options to choose from here. From long range low recharge broadside cannons and pulse turrets to short range lasers and mine-launchers. Swarm missiles and Shieldbuster Rockets, and even an offensive deflector shield made to ram other ships. Your shields and hull will protect you in four different directions, and parts of the ship can be damaged if enemy weapons penetrate the shields to your hull. You can also hire a mercenary fighter pilot to accompany your battleship for as long as they can survive (though your combat ability will vastly outstrip theirs around 3/4's of the way through the game.)Cons:Grindfest - The most glaring issue I had with this game was definitely the amount of time it takes to make money in the earlier to mid parts of the game. New ships and components can be quite expensive, doubling in price for each tier up to the mk.6 parts. Also, if you aren't careful to be sure to upgrade your defenses before your weapons you can find yourself vaporized much faster than your weapons can destroy the other groups of ships coming after you.The Story - Not a whole lot going on here. You get called to the♥♥♥♥♥end of the galaxy in the middle of nowhere by your aunt who leaves her rust bucket of a ship with a bartender to give to you when you show up, only to learn that she's missing, and you're sent off to find her. I won't spoil the rest of the story that follows, but suffice to say it isn't terribly exciting.----All in all a decent game."
76561198072587339,Recommended,290300,20462277,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Ace,"Have you ever thought ""Hey, I want a game where I can be han Solo or Boba Fett?""If yes, buy this game!If no, buy this game!If maybe, buy this game!"
76561198014896114,Recommended,290300,20462434,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Amoun,"Really likes the game, I'd recommend it but on sale only, in my opinion $22.00 is $2 over it's golden price. Controls, animations and music are great and sets you in the mood but it's way too repetitive...feels like the whole map is a copy paste BUT a fun few hours and maybe if you do not mind a grind here and there"
,Recommended,290300,20463945,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,thrill,"TL;DR: Very simple - maybe a bit too simple? - but overall, great game with strong appearances of the ""one more mission and I'm going to bed I swear"" syndrome.WHEN TO BUY: ON ANY SALEFOR GRADES, CHECK BELOW.Technically, I haven't played this game for very long and I'm not near finishing it (I think), I saw plenty of the galaxy and the ships to be able to review this game. So, let's get right to it.BACKSTORYBasically you're a space cowboy, thrown deep into space andlooking for a family member.You fly around, do quests, build relations with factions, acquire credits, ships and new parts.There's a main storyline, but it's NOT breathtaking and you probably won't follow it anyways.CONTROLS - the most important part for meYou can use a controller or mouse and keyboard. I personally used the second option.You fly around using QE + WSAD keys, block incoming damage using SPACE, switch weapons with numerical keys and aim and fire with your mouse.The game controls alright, you need to remember about weapon ranges when aiming and firing, maybe it's slightly disappointing you can only move in a 2D plane unlike your opponents (!), but your weapons have a slight autoaim to make up for that, so you don't feel too much pain because of it.GAMEPLAYYou fly around the stations in star systems, do randomly generated quests that scale with the system's ""level"" and apparently how wealthy and strong you are, pew pew quite a bit, mine, loot, buy, sell and trade various minerals and equipment, where there's just enough of said elements to make for a decent variety.Some missions are way too easy, some downright impossible, but you can eventually find something for yourself.The game didn't take me away, but I come back to it every now and then. It has this charm about itself.GRAPHICSThe game looks fine. It doesn't explode with colors nor does it shock you with its photorealism, but it does look like a fairly new game, you won't look away in disgust, maybe I could complain about all ships looking exactly like stock models, no real differentiation between different factions so you can occassionally dumbfire at allies or neutrals.Also it's hard to attack and defend in battles where there's a lot of stuff flying around, but I'll let that slide.One thing I didn't like was the lack of the feeling of power behind every shot of broadside cannons. This game needs it.The game is optimized just OK - I have a medium-class computer and it never even stuttered. Seriously, good job devs.AUDIOSound effects are nice, maybe they could be a bit more intense just like the graphics, especially when you're using your most powerful guns. They are pretty good, though.The dialogues are copy-and-paste, all the same except for the main plot, repetitive and annoying after some time.Also apparently all human spacers are Southern Americans and Aussies. Interesting.The music is fantastic and fits the theme of space cowboy adventures perfectly, but, like pretty much everything else in this game, it gets repetitive and you may want to use your own soundtrack for this game later on.CONTENTThis is where it gets tricky. That's because I haven't explored the entire game yet. From what I've seen though, I'm only a few ships away from the most powerful destroyer in the game and about halfway in loadout, so I'll try to be credible.Systems are built differently, with different kinds of stations and factions controlling them, also with a different amount and kind of randomly generated events, so that's a pretty good job well done.There's technically quite a few kinds of weapons, but after looking at it for a while, there's a few weapons superior to others (lasers and missiles namely) and a flak cannon or dumbfire missiles for secondary weapons are pretty much the only ones that make sense - for defense or for offense respectively. So it's kind of boring.I'm heavily disappointed about being unable to have a small, powerful ship, because the strongest destroyer can just kill off a smaller ship in one strike from the broadside cannons. No way to manually avoid and a lot is limited by ship's size.VERDICTSo, how would I rate this game?On one hand, it's magical. It sucks you in as you start and you're guaranteed to come back to this game many times.It's pretty decent on the technical side, it's definitely not a ripoff and the optimization was wonderful for me.On the other hand, it can get really repetitive, boring, and eventually turn into a grind.Grinding is one of those things I absolutely HATE in most cases, but I'm yet to hate it here, so... Here it goes.Take the grade with a bit of salt, because I'm giving it credit for the ""magic"" I felt. Buy it on sale, probably.FINAL GRADE: 7.5/10CONTROLS: 8/10GAMEPLAY: 7/10GRAPHICS: 8/10AUDIO: 8.5/10butDIALOGUES: lazy/disappointingCONTENT: 6.5/10"
76561198006981067,Recommended,290300,20440732,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Leskylor,"Great game, best soundtrack!"
76561198002966407,Not Recommended,290300,20445441,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Malthesen,"I bought this game thinking it would be some kind of 3X game, I could not be more wrong. This game is extremely boring, boring combat, boring npc's even the highly praised soundtrack gets boring after a few hours of playing. They tried copying the assassins creed 4 navel combat, and on paper is sounds like a great idea, but in practice it just does not hold up.   There is a lot of traveling from A to B, normally in a space game you just autopilot to a determined destination, but here you cannot. The autotravel is constantly interrupted by every damn little rock, container or nearby enemy ship, and then you have to navigate around it before you can initiate fast travel again.Quests are reparative and boring, pickup this, kill those bandits, transport that. There is virtually no spaceship customization, and getting a new space ship does not feel any different from the previous one you just had except for the look.If you are looking for a spacesim or 3X game this is not for you."
76561197972318971,Recommended,290300,20645558,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Steaksauce,"Rogue Galaxy is a Pirates!-esque open world in which you pilot a ship, hauling goods, mining ore, and shooting foes. Featuring some snazzy graphics, a pretty robust combat system, and a cool and evolving world, you can reasonably expect to get 10 hours of extremely engaging gameplay out of the game before you get bored and attempt to race through the campaign.This doesn't have the same depth and feature richness of top end $60 retail products, and it wont last as long as your average Bethesda or Ubisoft open world (it's no Skyrim-in-space), but given that it's like $20, it's a solid buy."
76561197964589302,Not Recommended,290300,20833944,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,0xbaadf00d,"I feel like so many of these ""reviews"" aren't based on a playthrough. I just barely made it through the game, I lost interest at one point but then later I came back to finish it.Now don't get me wrong, it's not all bad.I got really taken by the trailer, the music, the ""Really decline"" - option. Turns out, when you see the trailer, you have seen all of it. There isn't that much music, not at least that good. And there aren't any real choices to be made in the game.All of the sectors you visit are more or less the same, each has the same guys fighting eachother. Even one that shouldn't have any people in it, because you are the first one to get there.And that moves me to the biggest letdown I had. None of the game makes any sense. I'v had Traders being attacked by the militia, which is supposed to be protecting them. I went the mercenary route, taking missions from the mercs was so random. There is no way to tell who you are defending and who is the enemy. One mission, you might be helping the pirates that HATE you everywhere else and protecting their dreadnaughts from a butload of trader frigates that have almost no weapons. Well, more free loot for me, since the trader ships are loaded.Which leads me to what the money and loot buys. The weapons, there isn't really that much to do. Each new level of weapon 1 -> 6 mostly just increases the damage the weapon. Ships are a bit different but nothing special. There is only one ship for each price range, meaning that ships don't have variants.The game really takes it's toll when you grind for that necessary ship/equipment to finish the main storyline. At the end, the game kinda suggest to you that maybe you should continue playing just to grind equipment. My immediate reaction was to exit the game.Oh and the story is nothing exceptional. I'll not spoil it any more, but don't expect anything grand. It's as bad as the story in X3.Ships are good looking and the combat can be a bit fun, but shallow.Should you buy it?Yes if you are looking for a simple space shooter game with some progression.20 euros is not that much, afterall. If it were any more, i'd say no.If you want something more, no. Don't waste your time.I hate to say if I recommed this, but I would not recommend it for myself, since I like complex games with lots of depth and tweaking. So no, i'm not recommending. But it doesn't mean that you won't find it worthy of 20 euros."
76561198076416743,Recommended,290300,20645780,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,(づ￣ ³￣)づ,สุดตีน ริงๆ เพลงแม่งเทพ สาส
76561198070059535,Recommended,290300,20645794,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Muff_Diver_Dave,beat the game in 10hrs. but still roam the galaxy looking for prey
,Recommended,290300,20661152,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,KILLER QUEEN,"Had a great time with this, consider playing if you like:1. The naval combat from Assassin's Creed: Yarr Me Hearties Edition (pretty much the whole game).2. Acquiring new gear and being able to go pew pew a new tier of enemies.3. A game you can pick up and put down pretty easily for quick sessions.Bought it on sale and maybe it should be $15 not $20 but I doubt if you like the above you'd feel bad about spending 20 bucks on it.I call it: Space Truckin' and it's a truckin' good time."
,Recommended,290300,20660094,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Carni,Very fun game. Kinda reminds me of the old Freelancer days. Dont even bother trying to play it on anything else but a controller
76561198126871537,Recommended,290300,20657462,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Nuck,"Very cool game, has a bit of everything that can be expected from a game like it. Commerce to action pact, really cant come up with a negitive thing to say about the game."
76561197984484360,Recommended,290300,20408733,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,SammyJ,Loved the game untill I found out how the difficulty is changed by my weapon upgrades. Always keep a higher lvl shield than your weapons and you will have no problem with this game
76561198035298745,Recommended,290300,20607935,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,panzer981,Fun !
,Recommended,290300,20992265,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Sasquootch,"It's space, it's pirates, it's pretty. I like the uncomplicated game play, and the scenery and settings are amazing. It is hub based which may get a little repetitive but so far, so good. The only thing I don't like is the ability to move up/down don't seem to exist so I find myself trying to pitch the nose of the ship up and down a lot and realizing I'm not doing it. Otherwise though, it's been super fun so far."
76561198106872281,Recommended,290300,21699209,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,blderonde,fun
76561198066953805,Recommended,290300,21698151,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Jon WiseCracka,So much Fun.
76561198267206405,Recommended,290300,21698226,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,DetroitMuscle,I dont live on my computer. I have a life. I got things to do.  This game is easy to learn to play.  It does not use up countless hours of my time learning all kinds of stuff.  Ill tell you one thing: It fricken rocks.  Broadside battles are frocken awesome.  The trading is easy. Pick up here and drop there.  Missions are well guided and its worth getting yourself some upgrades on your Ship.  Guys I highly recommend it.
76561198030861220,Recommended,290300,21686262,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,darrenwright22,"I wasnt sure wat this game would be like being so cheap but i have found it extremly, extremly (yes i said that twice its that good)  fun to play.There are a few bits where if you die after a few missions without visiting a station then you need to do all those missions again so always visit a station more often then you previsouly would as repeating em is annoying.  But if you like space games, then id say this is the game for you ;)Its more expansive than you might think with so many different systems to jump warp to , and varying missions in each one.SO many different ship choices and some real beutys that can take a punch or 3 and still survive ;)  Im currentlu flying the Minotaur and shes a Beast at killing and also blue which is major cool.The only real mega bad thing to this game is it doesnt keep on going with story after story after story eventually you will pretty much complete all of the main qeusts, even tho there are always bountys to get and there are a lot of them but the ships tree is not endless.  Also many of the enemys are all related or look the same.  Different races but same faces so often within the enemies.  It would be nice to have more variation in looks and discussions.So if you like space ship games, i would say give this a try and im sure there will be parts of it you love.   ( i really like seeing the missiles exlode like tiny nukes and the way the ships goes into warp is very clever and easy to handle.)So yes Big Thumbs up for me ;)"
76561197997261596,Recommended,290300,21686620,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Sid,"Great game, lots of stile and good sound track. Well worth £14.99 in my books"
,Recommended,290300,21785614,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Big Slim,"Really enjoying it so far.  Uniqiue, interesting gameplay.  A bit more visual variety in ship design would have been nice."
76561198128394125,Recommended,290300,21724484,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,irja,"Finished the game first in 40 hours. Played again and took it slow, reeeeaaaallly slow, by fooling around with various missions and finished it in 100 hours. Its a good game, too bad the story is too short. Wish the story could be longer or with more side quests.The story took place in...well..space...at the frontier of civilized space. Kinda like cowboy in space. But instead of horses, you ride corvete, light cruiser, destroyer and dreadnought. You somehow got landed with trouble and had to save the frontier from something.The combat was like earth naval battles. You could accelerate, turn left, right but you cant go up and down.You have broadsides, turret, missiles, and beam weapon. Basically naval battle with space environment.You could earn credits (money) by trading, piracy, mining, bounty hunting or doing missions.All in all, it is a good game, I am quite satisfied. Alas, the main quest is too short. Its like eating a really good food, except that the quantity is too little.Personal score: 9/10"
76561197971331648,Recommended,290300,21723726,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,primetime,"Amazing game....It took my a while to get into it, but im glad i purchased it. Easy to learn, looks great, performs great and not a single bug found. Buy this game, you wont regret it"
,Recommended,290300,21745729,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,(R3DGY),"Duuuuuuuuuude! this is the one!, u must have this game! if u like space engineers and assassins creed black flag, then this is the game for you!!!! thumbs ♥♥♥♥ing up!!!  hell yeah, woot, awesome!  ;3"
,Recommended,290300,21614146,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,J423D,"The music, fantastic. The characters along the way are a bit bland. The game play becomes dull quickly, that may only be because of exstensive space sim playing throught my years. Give it a try, it's worth it's value."
,Recommended,290300,21614904,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,BeachGaara,"Odd mix of Elite and the boat combat from Asassins Creed 3/4.Also album should have got best music, GB got it wrong. Splatoon, whatever.Really is just trucker Jim Raynor. GB got it right."
,Recommended,290300,26102842,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,StarSword-C,"Years ago I was a huge fan of Ambrosia Software'sEscape Velocityseries.  They were mechanically top-down shoot-em-ups but played like a sandbox game, with open-ended space trading/combat gameplay.Rebel Galaxyis what you get when you takeEscape Velocity, make it 3D, and add a hefty dose ofFirefly-style space Western to it.  It has an excellent Southern rock/blues rock/country soundtrack and exciting broadside-based capital ship combat, reminiscent of cruiser gameplay inStar Trek Onlinebut without the space magic nonsense.  Heartily recommended."
,Recommended,290300,26118929,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,ma.eyal,"Very similar to the old Privateer game.Selection of ships is a bit low overall if you plan to pull a lot of hours to get the best or the biggest equipment/ships.Can't play some of the more exotic ships.Targeting sometimes is very challenging, navigation sometimes feels a bit tedious, and could use some better work on it.Overall a nice experience. Privateer die hard players would really enjoy the game."
76561198076752533,Recommended,290300,26120695,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,sibewolfuk,"This Is a great game, don't take long to get into the game, got  me hooked in no time at all, would recommend hiring a merc as soon as you can, they help take some of the heat of you, and thats needed in some missions.So if you like space games as I do then this is worth getting."
,Recommended,290300,25871491,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Mr Fish | deathheater5,"I got this game for $10 on sale.  It deserves an extra $10 for awesomeness!I can't get the soundtracks out my head, which is annoying and great at the same time.The only thing I thing that they could improve on is more ships, as there are alot of ships in the game but only afew are available to the player."
76561198052330158,Not Recommended,290300,25871112,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Abamon,"PROSGood music and sound effectsGood graphicsCONSToo arcady2D - plane gameplay ( you can't fly upp or down ). Destroys immersionBoringIn summary : At first clance the game look and feels good, but after a while the experience will feel shallow  and a nagging feeling of regret will grow in your chest."
76561197984440686,Recommended,290300,25871204,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,KhorneFlakes,"Great game, very fun experience although I have 27 hours of playtime, it felt rather short... I wanted to play and do more but there wasn't anything to do.Here's hoping for Rebel Galaxy 2 to be bigger ( and multiplayer, pretty please *makes puppy eyes*)"
,Recommended,290300,25831189,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,ḜṿἶḽḆửἦἥỵ,"The game itself is very well made with great space combat and mechanics.Downfall is the content, the story is short, guns and ships are limited and the systems are rather generic with no noticable differences.Freelancer still holds the title for best space game in my books to date.I do hope this company makes another though, they know how to polish off a game. Only crashed once and that was due to my PC.I would recommend getting this game on sale though."
76561198029264991,Recommended,290300,25913828,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Pete Venkman,"Good fun, has the capability to be so much more, but as it stands a great game."
76561198035868467,Recommended,290300,25960072,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,pipboy04,"Ok, finished the campaign at 70 hours. Honest opinion:1) Pros: Good graphics, Fun combat, Decent Variety of Ships, Awesome soundtrack (Made me think ""Firefly"" the whole time), Good plot (if a bit linear).2) Cons: Would've liked more customizable controls and starting race choice.3) Takeaway: It reminded me of the Wing Commander series in feel, which I loved.  Plus, you weren't pushed to upgrade to a Dreadnaught if you didn't want.  You could use whatever ship fit your play style, tweak it accordingly, and finish the game.  To the developers, keep up the good work and I'm really impressed you pulled this off with a small team."
,Recommended,290300,27498694,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Resok,Great experience and a very cool sci-fi setting.  Music is excellent.
,Recommended,290300,27532802,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Herzreh,"From the in-game soundtrack, to the ability to add your own music library while you do your suggling, Rebel Galaxy keeps you playing.Although the story mode is rather short, there is plenty to do after that."
,Recommended,290300,27501587,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tang,"Amazing spacefaring experience with lots of things to do and a lot of space to travelJust turn up the volume to enjoy the music, travel, battle, steal, buy and sell"
,Recommended,290300,27492954,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Overshard,"Bought it for the space battles, kept playing it for the sound track."
76561198167531573,Recommended,290300,20416583,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Ponkotsu,It feels like I'm Cowboy Bebop.
76561198065872256,Recommended,290300,20411449,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,TropicalSmile5,is very good 9 out of 10
76561197961972443,Recommended,290300,20419310,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,thefinn,Decent.
76561197992835206,Recommended,290300,20275703,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,scott.maruska,"Not the most polished, definitely a little rough around the edges.  2D space combat might sound meh but THIS IS A FUN GAME!  And this game has legit fufilled one of my space gaming fantasies.  I've always wanted to just have a cap ship I could just fly around engaging big stuff in HUGE battles with a ridculous amount of firepower and explosions.  This game has this in spades.Did I mention the soundtrack is GREAT?!  Sounds very similar to Raynor's Raiders stuff they play in between missions or in cutscenes for SC2.  Graphics are very good, not over the top good but good and you can do 3 screens too which is the only way I can play this game now after having done it.  I have a single R9 290 GPU and have zero issues running it at 5780x1080 on max settings.For $13 currently and $20 normal you simply cannot go wrong with this game.  Its just fun.  If you are looking for a legit space sim then maybe look elsewhere but honestly, if you are a fan of the genre at all you'll like this game."
,Recommended,290300,20303056,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,UllerRM,"Excellent space semi-sim; all piloting/combat is locked to a 2D plane, which feels unintuitive at first but makes for interesting gameplay, as combat becomes strongly shaped around massive broadside fire between capital ships.  Allowing any ship or turret to be sold back for its original price allows you to experiment with different combat styles and find one that works best for you without losing anything longterm.My sole complaint is that the middle of the game involves a little bit of grinding, as you have to get an upgraded heavy frigate or destroyer in order to finish up the storyline quests.  But this is a pretty small complaint on what's otherwise an excellent game."
76561198003008411,Recommended,290300,20299528,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,I still love you <3,Got kind of a Firefly-esque vibe from the game. That alone is enough for me to recommend it. That on top of solid gameplay mechanics and heart-pounding combat (doesn't get more intense than trying to clear distance for warp with three militia cruisers on your tail).
76561197999500859,Recommended,290300,30673307,Posted: 22 March,all,[GooN]dakaveman,Not a bad game. Very grindy. You run into a simple pattern of broadsides sheilds repeat untill eniemes are dead. if your looking for a challange stay away. but as a time waster its not bad.
76561197971091326,Recommended,290300,20301660,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Sniker,"Reminds me of Pirates! combat wise, game got a little long in the tooth at around 20 hours but it was still enjoyable."
76561198009556255,Recommended,290300,20296701,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Xeirus,"It's like Mad Max, in space, without the towers. I love it."
76561198032938005,Recommended,290300,20260125,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Kaeril,Wow this game is seriously good and therefore addictive and as said before the music totally rocks !!!Its was hard to drop the gamingpadNo need to say that i highly recommand this game
76561198067287940,Recommended,290300,20260223,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Jazz Cabbage Connoisseur,"Lots and lots of content and it runs amazing considering the graphics. Everything feels very alive and well designed. Bought it for 13€ on steam sale, a real pearl of a game"
76561197999796651,Recommended,290300,20344695,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,helmet262,Privateer meets Pirates.. Not bad..
76561198001030192,Recommended,290300,26787135,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Carib,Get this if you like great games
,Recommended,290300,23363363,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,core,"SettingGameplay, nice spacebattles, kinda like AC Black Flag ShipfightsHuge nearly open world universeAwesome Soundtrack, you're feeling like a SpacecowboyMany different ships, cannons and equipmentsLove it"
,Not Recommended,290300,27907005,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,hyperiusrex,"You grind for hours in painfully repetitive combat to upgrade your equipment/ship, get bored and decide to clear the storyline missions for the sector,  decide to jump to another sector, grind for hours in painfully repetitive combat to upgrade your equipment/ship, get bored and decide to clear the storyline missions for the sector, decide to jump to a new sector..."
,Recommended,290300,23391863,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,LupusVir,It's basically Firefly: The Game. It even has space pirates.10/10 would impersonate Nathan Fillion again.
,Recommended,290300,18824449,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,uus sanct (Kreese),"First off Rebel Galaxy is 2d not 3d - so space flight sim 2015 it isn't - fun to play it isOthers mention Freelancer, Firefly, etc and those a valid - but somehow when I launch into space in my Icarus Corvette I can hear Scooter from Borderlands yelling... ""Catch a Riiiiiiiide""Thank you Double Damage, excellent game, can't wait for more"
,Recommended,290300,18772935,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Just Arthur,"This game is awesome! You fly a spaceship and can be a trader, a smuggler, a mercenary or a pirate. The music is sweet and it gives you the feeling of Wild West, exploring the frontier. Some people claims it gets repetitive after a while, but I was addicted to the combat and upgrading my spaceship. The 2D natvigation and the 2.5D actually work very well. There are enough games doing space dog fights, and broadside battles are more fun in my opinion."
76561198079721624,Recommended,290300,18773717,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Spazztix,"I have long been a fan of Freelancer to the point I have spent years lementing the fact that my system no longer supports it. I have played more games then I can honestly count, here I have found some thing of that long lost love. This game gives yopu a huge freedom of movement and choice, an interesting story where you actually effect some of the outcomes, not to mention addicting combat. One of the best parts is taking on random jobs as a no-name Merc trying to build up your ship and reputation. Just when you think your ship is bad♥♥♥♥♥ and your a king of the stars you find out that the Galaxy is a much bigger place then you first realized and that you are little more then a fly in space. Don't be discouraged because this is part of what makes this game amazing, it evolves, it challanges you, it makes you work for what you want without just coddling you like so many games. The learning curve isn't too extreme but starting out you will find sooner then later that you need to make money if you want to survive and it gives you a number of options to achieve this ranging from saving beligured stations, rescue Merchants who are on the short end of luck, There are also the Merchant and Mercenary guilds that give you a huge oppurtunity to expand your reach with jobs, equipment and ships. All the while you have to decide which side of the law you are on. Are you a Pirate? Smuggler? A devil may care merc, or a hero, or are you some kind of mix between. If you want a game that is strangely addicting, well made, with a good sound track (honestly the best I have ever heard) It is like Firefly meets Freelancer. If that doesn't impress you then you have no soul, if it does, strap in for one hell of an inter-stellar ride."
76561197973152564,Recommended,290300,18774926,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,sofa_king_sick,"Rebel Galaxy is a fantastic spacefaring game for those of us looking for something more arcade-like than the hardcore sims available elsewhere.  I grew up with titles like the original Elite, Freespace 1 and 2, Freelancer, the ""X"" series, and my all time favorite Independence War 2.  This game is perfect for scratching that starship battle itch I get now and then without having to spend hours and hours (that I don't have anymore) grinding.  Sure, you get to follow the genre-typical gameplay loop that requires you to mine, trade, or take side missions in order to earn credits for better equipment.  None of it really feels like grinding, though, as even the most basic missions are varied enough to keep you entertained, not to mention the random encounters you may face on the way to said mission.  The 2D flight mechanics, though strange at first, fit the capital ship style of the game perfectly.  It really does feel like naval combat in space!  To tie it all together, the grunge-y outlaw rock soundtrack is the badass black cherry on top of the cake.In short, if you're looking for surprisingly fun space combat with all of the open world goodness, but without the depth or complexity (or price tag), of an ""X"" game or Elite: Dangerous, Rebel Galaxy is perfect for you.  This game is absolutely worth every penny of its modest $20 price tag."
76561198031441716,Recommended,290300,18765559,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,[NOPE] Sigvar,Very playable game.It is still early in the game for me but it is very enjoyable. Mechanics of movement have a good feel when flying or in combat. The overall feel of the game is good.Edits to follow.
76561197998811841,Recommended,290300,18794158,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,The Tooth Devil.lh,"This isn't the Freelancer style game you might want, but it's simple to play capital ship combat."
,Recommended,290300,18589230,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,SgtRedBeard,"i dont normally post reviews, but since this just came out i shall.do you like space?do u enjoy broadside combat?do you enjoy dope soundtracks?do you like customization?do you like firefly?do you like cowboy bebop?if you would respond yes tto most of these BUY THE DAMN GAME.... im 1.1hrs in and its great so farit feels really good and its a good game to kick back and enjoy in ur down time and not have to worry about pvp or charecter builds just play how you want noone to tell you how to do things and no pressure to go try hard, just sit back relax and BLOW♥♥♥♥♥♥UP, while having a cool story....enjoy"
,Recommended,290300,18590224,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Kirschbra,"SO AMAZING, it has like an old school star wars vibe, with a sound track remenisent of firefly.  game play open, challenging game play but easy to figure out what your doing.  Never played a space game that pulled off filling the emptiness of space with so much... ""WOW""  Combat is great! the trade system is very easy to figure out.  Ship customization is good.  I'm barely into it and I can't wait for more.  How did this game slip by so unnoticed then just BAM out of nowhere great game in your face!"
76561197992927477,Recommended,290300,18590286,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Greencat,"Firefly meets Cowboy Bebop meet world of warships, this game is so amazing it could easily have been sold for twice the price and still be worth every penny. Great casual gameplay, amazing graphics and artstyle, tons of different options of things to do and things to buy and fit your ship, replayability for hundreds of hours and the music, OMG the music! Don't be a fool, just buy this game and thank me later.Best single player game in space since Freelancer!If you're a fan of spaceship games, this is a must buy!"
,Recommended,290300,20014631,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,10/10 voice acting
76561198003523398,Recommended,290300,20018901,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Glowshadow,"Contrary to popular belief, space is not empty.It is, in fact, so densely packed with pirates that you will need to wipe them off your solar windshield several times over before you've traveled so much as a single Astronomical Unit."
,Recommended,290300,20107854,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,G.G.,"Is it perfect? No, but is it fun. Damn right it is! I am very impressed with this indie game. The graphics, the battles, the smuggling, I'm fricken Han Solo out here! Upgrade your model and bam! GUNS GUNS GUNS! I hope they evolve this into something where you can land on planets. Not so much like mass effect and more like to establish trade or get involved in conflict. OR just straight up pirating. Or have more than just an AI for a crew mate. BUT w/e *boom* astroid.It took a bit to get used to some controls but once you get the hang of it and your play style it is awesome. Conversations with aliens can get annoying because you are reading over listening and many responses are 1-3 options which all lead to the same thing. I was hoping for more customizability like paint and ship building instead of just turret placement and models. Also, it would be nice to take on all quests and hire a few more than 1 extra merc but I suppose that would make you OP.Like I said, perfect, no. Fun heck yes! Earning G.G.'s Seal of Approval"
76561198118746361,Recommended,290300,20110640,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,mcdonalds wifi,"Probably the best space sim on steam. Good story, great gameplay, actually very decent graphics, plenty of customization. The devs are only a 2 person studio yet still managed to make such a great game. They are also very involved with the community which is a big plus. 10/10"
,Recommended,290300,20132311,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Andy,space yee haw
76561198030809647,Recommended,290300,20113011,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,unifiedheater,"Visceral, exciting, engaging, and easy to pick up and play.As someone without a lot of time to dedicate to playing games, Rebel Galaxy is a perfect fit. It's deep enough to be interesting, while still being the type of game you can pick up and play for 25 - 30 minutes at a stretch and feel like you've accomplished something. While I have yet to reach the ""end game"" (I'm still in the first system), I can definitely say that in terms of a cost to enjoyment ratio, it's a no brainer to pick this game up."
,Recommended,290300,30657046,Posted: 21 March,all,Open Layer,It's a pretty fun game with a good soundtrack. Probably closest thing to a Firefly type game out there just now
76561198091386584,Recommended,290300,19816185,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Dasogrefied,"Great Music, Great Look and Feel, and a swift easy to learn combat system. If you remember games like Freelancer or Privateer, or you simply yearn for a Firefly-like single player game, you should look into this game."
76561197970566611,Recommended,290300,19813400,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Vshephard,"An awsome space capship lil game well worth it's price, think firefly meets freelancer meets blackflags! it's a lot of fun the music ambiance is great, it's only downside would be the grind btw ship upgrades but ti's it always the thing in those games?I rate it 8/10 verdict well worth it's price."
76561198062294007,Recommended,290300,19955325,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Raccoon,"This game is Amazing and I LOVE it! the few bad things though is how hard it is to get money >:( how am i supposed to get hundreds of thousands of dollors when a bounts will give my $5,000. but besides getting money the graphics are beutiful as with the background music and spaceship designs. :)I'd give it a 8.5/10"
76561197988914027,Recommended,290300,19968232,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,DarthDiddler,It was ok....something to do....could have been so much more.....
,Recommended,290300,18706129,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Drej_X_Army,"Seems like Eve, but plays like a side scroller. Its a huge sandbox, with a campaign that doesn't bug you. Brings back the good ole days of freelancer and privateer.The only con is the side scrolling effect. There is only the x and y axis, no z. No going up or down.Update: Have over 46 hours logged now.Game is addictive and fun. The Major Con is not having a Z axis, but you learn to over come it. There are some other little annoyances with some of the missions and mining, but luckly, they are fixing the major issues. Trying to think of some other cons, but the pros are fantastic. The graphics are great, the music is good, plus side, you can add your own music. The Storyline is thoughtful and enjoyable. All the side missions are fun to do as well. The hardest part is getting the money train started, but once you do, its easy going.Best Hint/Advise: To lower the mission difficulty, buy better weapons, shields, and/or buy bigger ship. I upgraded the shields, hull, and deflectors and lowered the difficulty, so its possible."
76561198006256515,Recommended,290300,18939621,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Jonatom,"Very good game for $20.00, but if I had to put my thoughts on it, here is what they would be:Pros:- Good music- Decent Ship Selection- Nice Randomized Encounters/Side Mission Selection- Good Main Story- Completely Non-Linear (Not locked, once you get a jump drive that is, areas of exploration)Cons:- No Z axis for flying- Encounters and side missions are cookie cutter repeats- End game Ships are limited (for survival, dreadnaught)- Main story I felt was a little short for my tasteCompleted the game, left me with a good feeling and that it was money well spent. I like the replay value because it randomizes the galaxy every time you play.Like I said, for $20, probably the best Space Cowboy game out there to date!Good job!!"
76561198001654888,Recommended,290300,18921756,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,"SD ""Start Again"" Thielking",OUTLAW COUNTRY!
,Not Recommended,290300,18895587,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Devir,"Rebel Galaxy is a space game set out to be the next “freelancer” a pretty lofty goal. They failed.Not to say the game is entirely bad. It’s got pretty 2005 graphics a great soundtrack and decent ship upgrades. But when you get down to it, It’s a shallow sort of game.https://youtu.be/fDkarPaaKi8It feels as if they outsourced the game to India, asked for a pirate sim and got a space game with a Wild Wild West theme. The game tries so hard to fit all these roles and just falls flat. I believe it would have been a fantastic game had they made a few changes.For weapons you have variations of turrets and Navel Style broadside cannons. They wildly shoot unless you hold L2 for a focused aim. The turrets auto aim and take out smaller targets. Autonomy is a nice thing.What I will say though, is the game has a lot of depth in ship configurations despite being pretty shallow and simplistic. It’s like the best of IOS games ported to a PC. (hint: IOS/mobile games mostly suck due to microtransactions)Essentially the game plays itself. you steer the ship, everything else is done for you. Now granted you are in a bigger than average ship, but it’s also a game. I want to actually feel like I’m doing something beyond controlling the direction."
,Recommended,290300,18938385,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,PsychoTexan,"Its a combination of rock n roll, Space rangers, ship to ship combat,  a space cowboy, the gangster of love, and maurice. What else needs to be said"
76561197973051477,Recommended,290300,18926671,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,RadRick01,"I had a really great time playing this game.It seems strange at first and I thought there's something wrong with my set up because I couldn't pitch forward or pull up. I investigated and realized that the game only plays like a battleship in space. You turn left and right but you don't pull up or pitch forward. I almost decided to ask for my money back but I decided to give it a few more minutes of playtime and realized I was really having a lot of fun. The graphics are awesome and the battles are great. You have main broadside cannons that are forward and rearward 90° from the side of your ship, and then small cannons mounted in various places that automatically fire at fighters. You can take control of the small cannons but you have so much going on it's better just to control the broadside cannons to take out the big ships you're fighting while you let the small cannons work independently on the fighters.There is definitely strategy that you need to use in this game. You'll find yourself suddenly surrounded and if you don't get out fast you'll be pounded to space junk. I recommend the long burning sub light thrusters. They managed to get me out of most tight spots. Make sure you always buy the newest shields, broadsides, and thrusters that are being offered as fast as you can.To sum it up, whenever I spend $17.99 and get 80 hours worth of fun, I figure I'm doing pretty dang good! It's totally worth the money!"
76561198069522708,Recommended,290300,18926955,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Alchemouflage,"The broadside combat, along with sectors on shields really kept me engaged. Sound and visuals are spot on. There was enough ship variety to always have me looking forward. Weapon variety would be ok, if beam weapons were balanced.Just finished the story section, I will be playing through again. Which is something I rarely do.Few Quality of Life issues when I tried to focus on being a trader.-The information on an entire systems commodities are never in an easy to read, accessible screen; on the map it's in a small alternating area per planet, and in the market it's a slow scroll per item.-Would have also liked a 'market scanner/update' subsystem option, to keep all prices up to date without revisiting planets.-Also needs an option to immediately end conversations with the roaming merchants. Was like 3 extra dialogue options to exit after I'd traded."
,Recommended,290300,18912824,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,FI Ratman,"Decent enough game but far too short on gameplay. Though I do recommend it, I do so with a few caveats.- The main storyline is pathetically brief in duration without any side-quest fillers to speak of.- It is impossible to get into the top-of-the-line craft with full compliment of level 6 weaponry before completing the main storyline.- People have compared this to Privateer [DOS] but there is no true flying in this game whatsoever. The closest it gets to that game is through their use of a missions system to make extra money.- Stellar mass inconsistencies... one minute you're dropped out of warp by a marble-sized asteroid and the next, you're barreling into a structure or a miner that is crossing your path.- Too many times, I've gone on a mission to save someone only to get almost all of the big enemy ships killed but then the person that I was sent to save and who has survived the barrage of damage from many ships is suddenly killed by the lone attacker, mission over...- Or, go on a mission and without any warning at all, unknowingly stray too far from the mission epicenter and, you guessed it, mission over.There are other things of note that have been posted by others. This game can be had for half the cost if you shop around like I did so I highly recommend doing that in order to purchase it. Like I stated, it is an ok game but a bit shallow in both gameplay and storyline."
76561197996661450,Not Recommended,290300,18914493,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Agi,"Lots and lots of grinding, if you like repeditive grind, this is a game for you, otherwise I'd give it a pass.It's pretty though, and it has a neat soundtrack. Unfortunately the space combat is boring (and there's a lot of it), your ship is tied to only moving in a 2d plane. Your opponents don't have any such restrictions, they will fly around you while you realise that you can only hit opponents with your cannons when they're roughly in the same plane as you."
,Recommended,290300,18914546,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Renics,"This game is great.  I was worried about the 2d gameplay but it's not a problem.  I can turn the game on, blow some stuff up for a good hour and turn it off feeling satisfied with the mayhem I have ensued ;)"
,Recommended,290300,18870139,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Branigan,"Amazing Game, loving it so much. It's like old school Escape velocity but with combat on a more epic and capital scale."
76561198013353628,Recommended,290300,18871026,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,darkriderix,blend of eve and elite dangerous with a bit of a firefly feeling
76561198010819911,Recommended,290300,28004113,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Buffalojones,"This is hands down the best space game I have played. Especially since it was created by just two developers. Love the naval combat feel, the ship upgrade and purchase system. Best of all the strong sense of being tranported into the Verse from Firefly. Any Browncoat should buy this game without question...you will not regret it. As close as one can come to a real Firefly game. The soundtrack is amazing and when it times with going into warp......it's perfect. This is what a game should be. Hope there is a sequel one day. 11/10 would buy again."
76561198049753530,Recommended,290300,28644782,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Phoenix333x,I would recommend this game for people who want a good escape. Its very immerse and you will definitely lose yourself and track of time while playing. The sound track is good a bit loud with default settings but a good back ground. It does take a little to get used to at first so hang in there and its worth it to learn how everything works.
76561198007705355,Recommended,290300,28545423,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,svlbig,"Make Rebel Galaxy 2...now!awesome music, straight forward enjoyable game play, and all of this done on a shoe string budget! This guy has serious talent for games!"
76561198107486812,Recommended,290300,28578011,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Ayy2thelmao,"It's a very entertaining game which you can play for hours on end. With the right settings, It's trippy as ♥♥♥♥ which is what makes it tolerable to play for many hours in a row."
76561197971153579,Recommended,290300,28477161,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Blackdog,"Best game in a long time. Music is incredible. Just having fun with this game. Just go ahead , Buy it."
76561197988470693,Recommended,290300,27997956,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,-[TRR 13th]- Lt. Martin,"Why you should answer distress calls :1. Killcount2. Credits from the saved ships3. Salvage from the destroyed ships4. Great prices on either purchasing or selling goods to the rescued merchant ships5. Reputation boost for 1 factionWhy it's still profitable to do so, even if the distress calls turns out to be faked :1. Killcount2. Salvage from the destroyed ships3. If they're actually unexpectedly too much for you, you can still escape in time"
76561198008887691,Recommended,290300,28183955,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,thirdcaliber,"My God. This is the best game I've played in a while. If they added Multiplayer and/or Co-op I would be pimping this game non-stop.Pros:You can die. lose all you worked for. Yes. That is a good thing.Music, I didnt mute it! Most other games I just mute it but this time I keep it going.Missions, while very familiar is still interesting each timeRamming shields... RAMMING SHIELDS... RAMMING SPEED!!!Cons:Single player... alone... so alone...You ram a lot of things on accident damaing your ship (it gives warning)Repairs... a lot.. but expected in flying in space so... 50/50 pro/conStill trying to figure out trade, hit or miss. Fun though but I lost a few credits here and thereStory line.. pretty good, but would suggest they change it to recommend people do some side missions a little better.Honestly:Many of the cons is learning a new type of world. I like it. Sad that I cant play this with my friends like I could with Freelancer. This Developer did a great job though."
,Recommended,290300,28162527,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,kamster99,"Its a surprisingly simple yet enjoyable game. I've already sunk 40 hours into it. The main campaign isn't much to write home about, but its a good game to play if you just want to turn on a podcast/some music and play. Just get a ship, blast some rock/country music, and save the galaxy from some space pirates (or become the next pirate yourself)."
,Recommended,290300,28321662,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Mr Glass,Game was fun.  Not as open-ended as I would have liked but I was not disappointed.
76561198006935966,Recommended,290300,28439182,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,G Willikers,This is a great game and it's worth list price for the soundtrack alone
76561198028059421,Recommended,290300,28430398,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Buddytiger,"Rebel Galaxy is a space swashbuckling game, like the old privateer and freelancer. Instead of piloting the ship from the cockpit, it is from a sort of 3rd person view and the capital ships move and fight in a 2D plane, while fighters buzz around in a 3D environment with asteroids and debris. The game is rather simple, yet beautiful, with a thin storyline stringing together the different planetary system the player visits. The player is free to play as a merchant, bounty hunter, smuggler, pirate or mercenary for hire, or even a little bit of each... although a bit of imagination is required since all of the missions (apart from the main story line) are only made of a few lines of text: go there, do that, and claim the reward.Nevertheless the game is as entertaining as its ancestors. The music also is an integral part of the experience."
,Recommended,290300,28090630,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ensvey,"This game scratched an itch I've had for a long time. A space combat and exploration game in the vein of Privateer mixed with Sid Meier's Pirates. Some have said it's grindy, but the combat is arcadey and fun, and it's not nearly as grindy as, say, X3 or Elite Dangerous or EVE. It's kind of light on story, but again - the gameplay is fun, and that's what counts.They took a chance with the music direction, and it paid off IMO. Voice work is decent too. I think I got it for like $15 and was quite happy at that price point. Probably a little content light for full price."
,Recommended,290300,28156025,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Amniku,"After playing most of the space ship games on steam, this is the best one yet."
76561198017650875,Recommended,290300,28150551,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,SVGwolf,"Definately worth the buy.  Plenty of easter eggs for sci fi fans (Obtainium for one), pretty graphics, and it keeps you entertained.  Not a long story, but the open world makes it entertaining enough to keep you going.   I got it with FFO (Firefly Online) in mind, and was not disapointed.  I don't often feel the need to review a game, but this was definately worth the effort.Hopefully they come out with an expansion/DLC to continue the story, there is all kinds of open space for new stories or advancement of the original story."
76561198092424184,Recommended,290300,27031552,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ZESTY ITALINO MEMES,"Addicitve game play and a great soundtrack, It fun to grind out to bigger and better ships/weapons.Would recommend it"
76561198069808604,Recommended,290300,18659628,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Ghlain,This game is suprisingly good. Really makes you feel like an outlaw on the outer rim of the galaxy or even a hero rushing off to rescue a merchant ship. You can tell by the gameplay that they really put alot of polish into this game before releasing it.
,Recommended,290300,30932990,Posted: 3 April,all,Jaysyn,It's like Firefly & Space Rangers 2 had a baby in pseudo 3D.
76561198063959604,Recommended,290300,27223302,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Helix,"Feeling and sound of Firefly + naval combat ( 2D plane )It can get repetitve, but i think the side missions are versatile enough ( at least for the size and price of the game)At the beginning it can seem grindy, but if you played enough you know which mission is profitable and what is best to trade. Also on that point, if you buy a new ship your old ship is sold for the purchasing price.There are Factions which also fight against each other.Story is good, but many ( myself included) are not satisfied with the ending.Sadly no steam workshop.If you are no sure to buy this game i recommend to watch a  longer gameplay video. You should see  engough of the gameply to know  if you like it.In my opinion this game is easily worth the money!"
76561198009689576,Recommended,290300,27198833,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Corazan,"Definitely a skeezy side of Star Wars or full on Firefly vibe to this one. Only downside I really ran into with this one was that the soundtrack got a little limited.Plenty of fetch type missions, and being a shooty son of a gun was definitely less running intensive than being a market ♥♥♥♥♥.Pick it up, it's good fun though not much for replay unless you want to try the different play styles and/or get all the achievements."
,Recommended,290300,27237383,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Allomancer,"This is a great, laid back space game. I love the ability to set my custom soundratck and tool around the galaxy. The ship upgrades are really fun, and the broadside combat is unique and engaging. Really hope there's a sequel at some point."
76561198071221590,Recommended,290300,28705195,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,aceboy_21,"Good game for the sale price.  Overall, the only thing going for this game is the space battles but the rest is mediocre at best.  I would recommend this game but only at the sale price.  Considering it was a 2 man team developing this game, they did a very good job but things like mining and teaming up with allies is way too clunky.  Too bad it's not refined, it could have been a great game.rating 7/10 - when its on sale"
,Recommended,290300,28633536,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Chaotic Entropy,"Built as an arcadey space shooter, rather than a deep simulation it works quite well.Having now completed the vanilla game, I'd go with a solid reconmmendation. It's not the deepest game but it was entertaining enough and I'm now going to try the Refitted mod which makes some pretty solid changes to the core gameplay."
,Recommended,290300,28736067,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Heretic,"even for a console-port this game is actually quite good, this is what i think spacebattles in SwToR should have been like and the closest that i can compare with is freelancer although you aint getting no 3D (no up and down flying) it still does it's job.some may think it get's boring after 20-30+ hours but i think it has a longer life than that considering i havent tested the pirate side of the game yet and i havent maxed out and tested the different faction-ships yet eg. merchant mercenary pirate you have to rank up in every guild to be able to buy them (dunno bout pirate since they hate me but i think without looking on the interwebs that they are the same) a shame though that there are no MP and CO-OP.Otherwise: got it on winter-sale didnt regret it"
,Recommended,290300,28701496,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Kiyan,"Have you ever wanted to be a space cowboy? Maybe fly a ship? Well. This game has just those things. Also, great music. I wonder if you can die of dysentery..?"
76561198071822309,Recommended,290300,29679569,Posted: 3 February,all,Dbjtenchu,Dude this game was amazing it's like mixing the ship part from assassins creed 4 black flag and elite dangerous. It gets really intense combat and can be pretty difficult at times. All and all loved every second of it hope they make a sequl
76561198026002503,Recommended,290300,29598315,Posted: 30 January,all,Juraks,"Great casual game for the lazy days once you get the hang of things, which isn't hard to do. I wish No Man's Sky had some of these concepts. Being able to buzz around the galaxy and just reck is fun and the money becomes just a bonus after awhile."
,Recommended,290300,29317619,Posted: 17 January,all,PikaPhu,"Very fun, love it. But I need more ship customization and new type of quest.//-------------I just finish the game, I love it and waiting for Rebel Galaxy 2.However, I saw Solar Crusaders. I assume that may be your new project. I'll try :)//-------------Lol, lot of stop by instellar mass."
,Recommended,290300,29861981,Posted: 11 February,all,sinsonone,"It's a really straight forward game.  Enjoyable but is lacking in its ""vast content"". I would love to see this game in a combination with say EVE online. I like the piloting mechanics of this game."
76561198027733037,Recommended,290300,29858217,Posted: 11 February,all,tigerstripe88,Soundtrack is amazing!
76561197973295797,Recommended,290300,29854943,Posted: 11 February,all,LE poche (all fluke),"I enjoyed the sound track, the ship like fighting is simple, it was enjoyable at 20 some $ and even more at 7$"
76561198052658922,Recommended,290300,29973524,Posted: 16 February,all,Invisible_person,"in my opinion it's like someone took cowboy bebop and Firefly and combined em', then turned it into this game.so, if you can't tell... that means i like it.(also note: i said ""in my opinion"")---edittypo, teaches me to write a review from my phone."
,Recommended,290300,29954126,Posted: 15 February,all,Dissaray,"This game is an open world space sim with a sick soundtrack.Trade up for better ships and gear, kill anyone in your way. Be a space pirate. Be a space marine. Be a space merchant.Very enjoyable 8/10- Negative point: you never leave your ship! Mostly spend time either in a space station or in your own ship. Don't expect to travel around planets or the inside of your own ship. No crew."
76561198033003428,Recommended,290300,29990051,Posted: 17 February,all,IanMull1066,Cant get enough of this game. If only they would do dlc i'd be more than be happy to pay full price - Brilliant! pew pew! BOOOOM!
76561198137059378,Recommended,290300,30039898,Posted: 19 February,all,Blubberlappen,I have played many space sims and this is one I can definitely recommend. It does not have a deep story and yes you can only move horizontally but it's still really fun! I also love the combination of the space setting and the soundtracks. Gives it a unique touch.
76561197963098679,Recommended,290300,30050003,Posted: 19 February,all,SuperTechPC,"Fun game, love the music and the graphics in this...but wait...there's more: The game play mechanics are great and you can really feel the challenge of getting up the funds to upgrade your ship to survive and dishout more and you also really feel the reward of unleashing those upgrades or just a newer ship on your enemies...the story missions are great but be warned you WILL need to run some side missions at rather frequent intervals to get up the gear needed to follow it"
,Recommended,290300,30050067,Posted: 19 February,all,ChainsawNeko,"If you loved Freelancer, you will love this one too. This is pretty meowch Freelancer in steroids aaaaand a bit dumbed down. Okay maybe a lot...but still a sweet game ^^ A controller is a must in order to get the best experience. If you are looking for more of a simulation feel, you might get dissapointed. Controls are super simple, straightforward; docking to stations are matter of approaching them enough distance then holding A button (Xbox controller).  the game is fast and colorful. As far I as I can tell, there is no planetary landing, so you will be mostly in space, all comfy and warm inside your ship,  besides communication channels and space station interactions.I have not gone through the whole story line but so far so cliché. Galaxy map looks pretty decent though, so there is some exploring to do. You can get tons of side missions should you want to take a break from main story line by docking various stations in addition to mining astroids once you get a mining lazer. Galaxy is ""alive"" filled with wars, pirates, mining rushes, bounties, distress signals, economy, you know...classic space stuffs.  There are factions and a reputation system, therefore you have to watch which mission outcome manipulate which faction's reputation carefully, before accepting it, should you want to be friendly towards bunch and agressive towards others. Combat is pure arcade, once you have the mining lazer and some missles, combat becomes purr fun, especially accompanied by nice background music."
76561198131831369,Recommended,290300,29138971,Posted: 9 January,all,DEL. Cancer_æRI§,I think if this game implimented a multiplayer option the game would become 100 times better
76561198060741401,Recommended,290300,28994080,Posted: 3 January,all,Kaptain Tripps,Best soundtrack ever!! Has a very cool vibe that fans of Firefly will love. Mechanics and graphics are solid enough though it does get a little repetative at times. That soundtrack though!!!
76561198062707598,Recommended,290300,28924855,Posted: 1 January,all,MahouTofu Shiro-chan,"I was really pleased with this game. I sorta wished it was....larger and longer, but boy was it a blast."
76561198021845504,Recommended,290300,28929387,Posted: 1 January,all,Demonicus,"Great Game!  Reminds me of Freelancer, but this time I get to fly the capital ships instead of the fighters.I found it pretty easy to get used to the ultimately 2D universe, and I really think it works in this game.  This game is about exploring and building your strength up, upgrading ships, weapons, defenses, engines, tractor beams, etc., and they even throw in a story to boot!  I have not yet finished the story and I've already got over 50 hours into this game.  I'm sure I could have finished it by now but I'm totally having fun with the guilds and acquiring the ships unique to each guild.  I decked out a little light frigate with MK5 equipment and raised hell for a couple days, just making more and more credits.The visuals are great.  They are a bit dated, but still quite visually stimulating.  I would highly recommend this game to anyone who was a fan of Freelancer and all the mods that were developed for it.  I half expected the characters name to be ""Trent"".Best $6 I've spent in a very, very long time..."
,Recommended,290300,28943932,Posted: 2 January,all,DragonSoul,"Very good game, the grind is very intense though.  The missions can get a bit repetitive after a while.  I would say the most time i spend is warping.  Some of the warp mechanics are VERY annoying.  But overall, still very good.  I would give it a 8/10."
76561198008079382,Recommended,290300,28982174,Posted: 3 January,all,Singularity,"This game reminded me of Galaxy on Fire.  The broadside fighting style was a nice, unique twist.  The music was fun.  The story was nice but it was short enough to make me happy I got the game during the 75% off sale.  Hopefully there will be a little more of that implimented at a later date because it seemed like it was open ended for something like that, but even if they don't I would still open it up to do a few missions for fun, no problem.  Overall, I would recommend."
76561197972242746,Recommended,290300,29145040,Posted: 9 January,all,ashes2dust,"Game makes fun (getting step by step better ships and weppons), but the story quite borring and comes without supprising twists."
,Recommended,290300,29010423,Posted: 4 January,all,Papa Ganoush,"I only have a few hours on this but it's the closest thing we have to Freelancer. Geddit, geddit now!!![I'll be updating this once I put a few more hours in :) )"
76561198009513173,Recommended,290300,29122882,Posted: 8 January,all,DragonNAL,"Excellent simple to play RPG style space ship game. Doesn't require hours of commitment, lots of side missions available.Lots of of ships available, each with their own playing style. Very addictive to play. I personally hope they make another one , or at least some DLC."
76561198018760260,Recommended,290300,32008845,Posted: 27 May,all,ChaosKnight,"If you enjoy space, giant ships, autocannons and a frankly obsence amount of lasers, then this game is for you.Instead of the typical space sim where you command a tiny little fighter/bomber/transport no bigger than your average semi-detached house, you instead take the reins of a capital ship, starting off in a little corvetter with a couple of guns, and over the course of the game can work your way up to dreadnoughts with firepower sufficient to obliterate small planets.Coupled with an awesome country rock soundtrack, and a fairly decent story, this game is definitely one to get.10 / 10 would Rebel again."
76561198024736449,Not Recommended,290300,31888003,Posted: 21 May,all,clevariant,"The game itself is very nice.  But it has a fatal game-save bug that some of us have encountered, where it mangles the save file, forcing you to start over.  There's a backup save file, but swapping it in doesn't seem to work for anyone.  The save just gets corrupted, and all your progress goes poof."
,Recommended,290300,31813827,Posted: 17 May,all,Dovah,"I cant honestly remember when is the last time i reviewed any game, but like another reviewer here this game should just be named Serenity / firefly (i miss that show).once i started time literaly warped for me i start the game 7 in the evening and suddenly its already midnight and my wife is screaming at me.absolutly love it, i hope that can update it with further more in depth stories and develope the factions system and its impact on the story and the universe."
,Not Recommended,290300,31388202,Posted: 26 April,all,Viper Romani,"The game itself isn't bad at all. 2/3The game play is enjoyable 2/3the graphics are pretty good. 2/3The ship selection is pretty limited and seemed that it wasn't given much thought.Gun slot hardpoints are decent but the weapon selection is also horrid and limited.same with defensive (Shields,Armor etc)Pretty this game is only about.. big ships which in my personal opinion .. no.. just no..i like flying a wide selection of both small - medium - large - capital size ships.The game also lacked in different voices for the NPCs and also different NPC's which don't all look and sound the same to be more clear.The story line can keep you interested but after that.. the game tends to get boring.Sure they added content into the game to keep you busy and all but it goes so far.It is also nice they added in the option to add your own music so you aren't hearing the same old space cowboy stuff cause it tends to be annoying hearing the same tracks playing over and over(I used a folder with over 300 songs and i forgot that a friend of mine was DLIng music..for him and his kids and i completely forgot to check the folder.. and right when i got into a random battleA song from frozen ""let it go"" started playing.This is in no way to cause any flame wars or any kind of negative intent as it is just a personal review if you do not like it.. toughI would recommend this game to those who have a intrest in this kind of space genre.but other than that i wouldn't suggest it openly to anyone i know.as i still play free lancer on a private server with friendsthe mods and all are still interesting and fun as any kind of space MMO - MMORPG out thereIts a old game but still a goodie"
,Recommended,290300,31976224,Posted: 26 May,all,Stormtrooper,"I love this game. The music, the combat, the ships!It is a littlebit short though. You finish the game only wanting more.10/10, would want more again."
,Recommended,290300,32094259,Posted: 31 May,all,[SUN] Dust038,"I knew this day would come…Starting Notes: I hopped onto the Space Simulation Train years ago and there we are again.  Rebel Galaxy is a 2D Side Scrolling Point and Click Shield and Hull Watching Simulation in Space. Like I really wanted to like this game but why am I stuck in this fake 2D space where I can’t go Up and Down? This strange core Concept where space is 2D is odd but what is more infuriating about this is that Enemies can go Up and Down.Story and Gameplay: Pretty standard but what gets me down is the lack of personality. Everyone out in space has the same M.O. as the next guy or girl or alien. Also I get that were in space and there is no concept of a day/night cycle but…we’re still Human. Trading gets tedious because there is no way to tell how long something will be On Sale or Out of Stock.  Nothing Innovative to see here.The Game Soundtrack is its only saving grace to me. 10/10 Soundtrack.Final Thoughts: It is a good side scrolling point and click adventure, but as a game with little to no personality in the denizens that fill the large randomly generated galaxy, it falls short if you have High expectations. It is hard in the present Space Sim Environment to being anything less than a Full Bodied Story.As Always, Watch Gameplay Videos before buying"
,Recommended,290300,31605727,Posted: 7 May,all,InfiniteMonkeys,"Rebel Galaxy is the first game in ages to remind me of the fun I had playing Freelancer.Yes, there are other space-sims out there.  And yes, there are other trading games.  Freelancer excelled in two respects.First, flight was controlled with your mouse.  Seems lame, because the mouse moves on a 2D plane while a joystick rotates about a ball axis more like real flight, barrel-rolling, tilting, etc.  And all the multiple triggers are available on a joystick.  But the mouse worked.  I didn't want a fully immersive flight simulator.  My chair wasn't simulating G-forces.  Flight had to be simple and intuitive, yet hard to master.  Firing weapons was cut down to strafing forward weapons and missiles, easily controlled with mouse buttons.  Freelancer's mouse control accomplished that better than any game before or after.Rebel Galaxy also uses mouse controls and cut out the need for 3D combat by making combat mostly broadside focused with automated turrets.  Why would a ship firing broadides need to do barrel rolls?  Perhaps RG oversimplified combat.  It did not have that hard to master element.  Once you got the hang of it, it was mostly maneuvring into position and blasting opponets in sequence.  RG did add Ramming Deflectors, which were, perhaps the most overpowered and fun part of combat.  A small ship with a highly rated Ramming Deflector could tear a large ship apart while remaining in a position away from its main weapons (or disabling them).Second, Freelancer had one of the best stories of any action-RPG.  Only KOTOR and a few others had a story that was fun to get back to, time and again.  You had to work to advance and the alien craft were spectacular and beautiful.Again, RG was really good, but fell a bit short.  The story was very linear and a bit short with a sudden finish.  Still, it drove you forward and the Trell character and side characters were engaging.RG was made by a small shop (two people, if I read background info correctly) which makes it an astonishing accomplishment.  Hopefully, this success will fund future, and bigger projects which are equally as fun, and perhaps even multiplayer.If there is one final aspect of the game that falls short, it is modding.  As I understand it, the game could be modded fairly easily if a tool for unpacking the data files was created.  I'd strongly suggest the developers spend a little time to make this tool.  RG will survive and be replayable for years if it can be modded.But the bottom line is this.  RG is well worth the $$$.  It is a fun game you can play more than once, as a savior, a pirate, or a trader."
76561198056187584,Recommended,290300,31591655,Posted: 6 May,all,james_doherty,Fun game. Well worth it.
76561198218196077,Recommended,290300,31616014,Posted: 7 May,all,Xanapoo,Great space arcade game if you have a controller that is.not so good with key.b+mousegood storyrecomended :)
76561198015947183,Recommended,290300,31637044,Posted: 8 May,all,firespectrum,"TL/DR: Tons of fun for its price point. It has flaws, but it's greater than the sum of its parts.If you come into this with single-player campaign version of Eve Online expectations, you will be disappointed. This game is like the naval combat in Assasins Creed: Black Flag, and I mean that in the best way. Your ship only moves in 2D, but there is action happening in 3D all around you. The combat is intuitive, easy to get into, and fun. Which is good, because you will have to grind for the good stuff. I reccomend grinding between main quest points. If you knock out the main story all at once, it will definitely feel too short.The story has an old-school PC game feel to it because it's mainly talking heads in front of generic backgrounds. It felt nostalgic, but your dialog choices don't have any effect on the story, as far as I can tell. You can mouth off to other ships in free play, which does effect your standing with factions. Given how simple the interaction system is, I really expect more story and choices.There are a decent variety of ships and classes, but you can't customize more than the weapons and systems you install. I can't even pick from pre-made paint jobs? Really? How far behind schedule were they?But all that said, the gamescape is beautiful and the combat is plenty fun for the price point. They NAILED the atmosphere of the game as a whole, which is especially impressive given that there is something to complain about in most aspects of the gameplay. It really is greater than the sum of its parts, and my biggest complaint is wanting MORE."
76561198043985256,Recommended,290300,31648509,Posted: 9 May,all,VGAstudent,"A good selection of pre-designed platform bases for ships, ranging from a small courier type of vessel to an apparent dreadnaught sized lumbering terror in space, and the weapons placements can be strategic. I'd like to get the sound working again though."
76561198051547341,Recommended,290300,18879252,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Delimon,"This is a great game and takes hours to completely play through it.For 20 bucks I would say that this game is worth the cost and should get a best value award for the content that it brings to the table for the cost.To sum the game up you are a called in by your Aunt to go to the nastiest part of the galaxy and you have to fend for yourself. You find a relic that you repair and eventually you collect parts to repair the AI's memory. The AI then decides to sacrifice itself for the greater good and that's how the storyline rolls.As for the game play you'll find yourself warping throughout space fighting all types of spaceships and different situations which I found really fun to do.The game has a high difficulty curve so be warned, this game isn't for those really really casual gamers and is geared more towards those who can think on their feet and react quickly to different situations. If you need to remember to press your scanning key which is TAB by default to freeze the game and analyze the situation.I did 2 play throughs of the game one as a good guy and one as a bad guy. Both were pretty satisfying but it is really hard to be a bad guy. The storyline gears you toward being a good guy and to earn bad guy rep to actually enter their ports takes a long time. In the meantime you have to not♥♥♥♥♥♥off the civilians otherwise you'll have no ports that you can call your home and all you'll meet there is your end. No worries though missions will help keep your rep up so that shouldn't happen unless you get reckless.The game also does not limit you in what you want to do. I skipped the storyline and worked my way towards the endgame before coming back to complete it. By the time I finished the storyline on my first run through I already had a blackgate that was decked out with MK 5 pulse turrets that decimated anything that strayed within their range of fire. On the second play through I bought a quick ship (the Icarus) and rushed towards the end game areas and did adrenaline rush dead drop missions for hundreds of thousands of credits to reach the end game faster which felt really satisfying to do.Overall I loved the graphics of the game, it has a good soundtrack which you can make your own custom soundtrack as well, and the sound quality of the game is great as well. The only thing I am waiting on now to see if they will release DLC for the game or make a second sequel to the game which I will be more than happy to buy. If you like flying spaceships then give this game a try I promise that it will be worth your money."
76561197985664727,Recommended,290300,31670765,Posted: 10 May,all,GAK,"Some games have a ""good"" soundtrack..some, have a soundtrack worth buying all by itself.  Gameplay is nice, but, honestly, I could've played Yahtzee to this soundtrack."
,Not Recommended,290300,31555502,Posted: 5 May,all,mSkull,"The game is just a massive grind, and there's no depth to the combat, and unbalanced as ♥♥♥♥; one 'average' rated mission nobody can touch you, and the next you're dead in seconds unable to do anything.It has a wide selection of ships, but they're all the same; just bigger and slower. And because the game focuses so much on naval style combat, that just means there's little to no variance in tactics between different ships.The story is somewhat interesting, but getting to it is just a drag. I grinded for 32 hours - for some reason - and think I got a third to halfway through the story. And now I just can't be borthered anymore.Don't buy this, unless you're desperate for a space game, or you really enjoying constant grinding. Now if only they'd approve my refund already."
76561198073560898,Recommended,290300,31677135,Posted: 10 May,all,Captain Talus,"Now, I'm unsure how exactly to place this game. At its core its a slightly modified age of sail ship fighting game except space and with fighters and bombers and spacey weapons. I played it for a while and I have to say the most enjoyable thing about it is the aesthetic. I love the songs and the look and the feel. However, it has a couple of weaknesses that eventually crippled my enjoyment. First of all the progression system, starting out it felt kinda like a much Much more forgiving take on X3 or something but then I hopped a few systems in and I started to suspect I was in a skinner box. Grinding for money for slightly better weapons and gear that has the same advantages and disadvantages as its predecessor is a bit annoying. Perhaps if I had gotten a few systems further it might have ended and changed but 18 hours in is a long time to wait. The second issue I had was the grind itself, a lot of the missions turn to sameyness and the only thing that held on to a shred of light and interest was the storyline. The storyline was literally the only reason I kept going as I was genuinely interested in its outcome. Unfortunately I didn't make it to the end as I was beginning to contemplate the merits of death at the prospect of grinding just to beat the enemies getting progressively harder. Conclusively I can say I enjoyed at least the first ten hours or so. It isn't a Bad game, but it needs more variety for just Stuff to do and needs to cut back on the grind a little. One idea I had was perhaps making ships that deviate from the standard method of fighting. Like ones that have a forward firing arc, different cannon battery types for different arcs, and weapons that behave in a unique way like a ""phasor"". Of course alternatively they could liven up the universe a bit with more developed side characters and add some weirdness to the place to make it have more... culture for lack of a better word. Ultimately, if I had to rate it on the Angry Joe scale I would probably give it a 4 or 5 out of 10. It's not terrible, and with a little bit of love it could probably become a game worthy of any collection."
,Recommended,290300,31711676,Posted: 12 May,all,「Sgt. Birb」,"After playing this game completely, I have a few things to say.This is a very fun space exploration/combat game, with a somewhat interesting, yet short story. (Most of my time was spent doing side missions.) I found that once I completed the mainstory, I already had all the ships, and loads of money, there wasn't much left to do.The combat is very fun in the beginning and middle of the game, with genuine challenge and risk assessment involved. Oftentimes I would face choices such as, ""Should I risk it and go in, ramming speed, to use my broadsides, or should I just stay at range and pick off fighters before moving in?"" But once you get the higher tier Destroyer and even Dreadnought class ships, all that vanished as you became a flying bullet sponge murder machine of death. Not to say that that's a bad thing at first, as it feels awesome to take down two destroyers at once, but gets boring when you realize you're unkillable.The quests mostly consist of ""Go to X location and kill Y because he's ♥♥♥♥ing up Z group."" There's some other stuff such as fetch quests, smuggling illegal goods into stations, etc, sprinkled in.There are many different weapon types, that fall into one of four categories. Even within the categories, there is a lot of variation among them.1) Turrets. Standard, ship to ship weaponry. Fires fast, reloads quickly, and does moderate damage.2) Lasers. Really fun to use, but not much variation in this type, as you can only choose between mining lasers, combat lasers, and viridian lasers. The Viridian lasers are objectively better than the combat lasers as they do higher DPS than their normal counterpart and do more damage to shields.3) Rockets. Mostly homing, super high damage weapons that can destroy fighters in one hit, and tear apart the shields or hulls of most capital ships. Only downside is they need to be replenished.4) Broadsides. The bread and butter of your ship. None of them are exactly alike, except in the fact that they're very high damaging and have no heat-up. Many vary in range, charge-up time, etc.The game has a faction reputation system going for it, but I feel it wasn't utilized well. Four of the factions (Greel, Murath, Korian, and Lightborne, plus some others I'm probably forgetting.) Are perpetually hostile and there's no way to increase reputation towards them. The remainder is the Citizenry, the Militia, and the Red Devil Cartel. Each have their own benefits for being friendly with and playing as a pirate certainly makes things interesting.Another thing I liked about this game is the events system. Occasionally, certain space stations will have different events occur in their vicinity, such as a Militia Embargo, Crime Spree, Famine, etc. The markets of this station and the surrounding ones will shift accordingly, allowing you to interact with the galaxy in a meaningful way. Other events that are not bound to space stations also occur, such as Merchants sending out distress signals, hunting down bounties, or being able to raid convoys of goods.All in all, this is a very fun game, but unless you're super into the looks of the combat and gameplay like me, I don't think the $20 price tag was quite worth it. Wait for a sale, otherwise."
76561198041396722,Recommended,290300,31712869,Posted: 12 May,all,chatsash,"I found this to be a very entertaining game with little problems here and there. The universe is (extremely unrealistically) populated with spacecraft, both friend and foe; this keeps the game engaging for a solid 20 hours before you realize that nothing new ever happens with the random encounters. You see something on the map, scan for loot, kill whatever has good loot, go off and sell it and continue on with whatever mission you're on. If you're in a slower ship, usually you just kill anything and everything. Gameplay gets a little stale once you get to million credit spacecraft since a lot of the strategy involves turtling and waiting for the enemy's shields to be depleted.But that isn't to say you can't have major fun with this, cause you can. Even though the game is mostly two dimensional (you can't really ascend or descend in your flight), you can still pull off some cool moves as you lay waste to batallions of enemy ships. The different guilds offer (a couple of) unique ships and items though it'll make minimal difference to your gameplay. I personally set up a really fast ship with ramming shields, after which I'd just hammer at enemies with short range broadsides. A lot of the unique playstyles stop working late game though, since the enemies have ridiculously tough shields. Hence the turtling as mentioned above.The storyline was nothing too special but it kept my attention.A lot of the other games of this genre and caliber are more expensive so I'd recommend to people who want to try out the whole open-universe spaceship battles genre."
,Recommended,290300,31718121,Posted: 13 May,all,Terowack,I had fun knocking out all the achievements in this game.Any game I'm able to withstand long enough to complete all achievements is worth full price.
,Recommended,290300,23345611,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Alaris,"Very good game, solid and abotu as close to the Wild West as a Sci-fi game can get, great graphics, nice story and a ♥♥♥♥ing awesome sound track! 10/10"
76561198285018415,Recommended,290300,23595987,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,KnightHawk,"Rebel galaxy is a fun game to play, and the sound track is good. And if you like blowing stuff up, this is a good game for you."
76561198107246653,Recommended,290300,24191462,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Anotaros,ITS A GOOD GAME GO BUY IT WHY ARE YOU EVEN ERADING THIS STUPID REVIEW
,Recommended,290300,23206500,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,VeX Harbinger,"Amusing game about being a space trucker, I keep expecting to encounter Dennis Hopper.  Nice sountrack to fill your journey as well, with the ability to pick your own tunes for the specific dramatic queues."
76561198018188198,Recommended,290300,24232961,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Scythe aka Lurch,So good the music alone makes this game a 10/10
76561198081340609,Recommended,290300,24215729,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Hundred Eyes,Seriously good fun. Less depth than many other space sims for trade/econ but it makes up for that with the combat mechanics and the diversisty of ships/equipment. Great artstyle imo and the soundtrack complilments the wild frontier vibe in the game. 8/10
,Not Recommended,290300,24222482,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,mikrasov,"Let me start with prefacing that the art, music, and feel of this game is great. Beutiful, wonderful score, engaging universe.But.... instead of filling the game with content or settling with a short play time the game designers chose to pad the game with endless grinding. If you are down with grinding, this is the game for you (although there are many other games like X3 that do it beter). Unfortunatly the game is as simple as get gear, run a bunch of repetative missions and trade, upgrade to progress story. This was fun for 8 hours, and then I was done ... but made barley a dent in story or gear.If I could have a (I am an adult with limited time and want to fly cool ships and blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up) mode,  I would be a happy camper. However as it stands I feel like I just spent a crapload of time to upgrade a ship... slightly...PRO: Wonderful executionCON: Endless Grinding for scraps of content."
,Recommended,290300,24218955,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ScyAnide,"Good gameplay, forgettable story and characters, fantastic soundtrack. It's weird being restricted to 2D in space but it works, the end result is fun, naval combat."
76561198122532930,Recommended,290300,24168747,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,soter7teen,"I read the other reviews and bought the game.  I thought it had alot of potential.  Like many others, I see the strong Firefly connection both in music and content.  The first station and the setup reminded me of Freelancer - probably the best space combat/trade sim ever.  It all seemed great.So, what don't I like?  You can't fly up and down.  Unless I'm missing something very, very basic, the entire games takes place on a single horizontal plane.  Enemies fly above and around you, and your turrets follow them, but can you point your ship up, just a tiny bit, nope.  Broadsides remind me of playing the original doom.  Your shotgun would point below the feet of a distant enemy, you select fire, and your bullets curve to hit the target.  I expect more.That being said.  If that doesn't bother you, this could be an amazing game.  Tons of ships to fit different gameplay.  Fun sound, interesting story.  I actually recommend it if you like this kind of things, just wanted to warn you about the flying."
76561198049668877,Recommended,290300,24418860,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Rockheart,+ Great soundtrack+ Old Privateer feeling rather accomplished+ Generally it is rather fun and addictive- Gameplay can get a little repetitiveSpecially recommended if it's on sale.
76561198013493180,Recommended,290300,24406401,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Friedrich Psitalon,"Rebel Galaxy has just enough of the flair of the Firefly universe to make you smell the dust and leather of a brown coat in the distance while still being a unique and enjoyable contribution. Here's some Pros and Cons if you need them:PROS:Flexibility of playstyle - You need not be the good guy; you won't miss out on story events. (Major events happen at neutral locations, very likely an intentional decision.)Flexibility of play method - I think it'd be a bit dull to make a life of it, but if you wanted to, you could mine and haul your way to a mighty endgame vessel, rather than doing it on the backs and blood of your foes.Graphics - This isn't CCP's space-baby, but it's not a 1980s video game, either.Flavor - Unique world and reasonably unique aliens.MEH:Story Writing - It's not bad, don't get me wrong, but shocking and unusual it was not.Balance - If you take the time to get the very last ship in the game and outfit it properly, the last encounter is a silly joke. We could've used a little dynamic scaling here; the final encounters required no assistance at all, but I still got it.No Planned DLC/Expansions - I can't put this in ""CONS"" because it's a choice the devs made and that's their right; the title's short, though, and there's plenty of room for further improvement here. Really guys? You made a super popular, semi-short title with lots of room to grow, that people WANT to give you more money for, and you won't expand on it? Well. Okay, you're the designer. Meh.CONS:Game Length - If you beelined it through the game, I'd guess you could finish the main storyline in 10-12 hours. That's very short for a release, but on the other hand, it's not an expensive game.Gimmicks - There are a few gimmick strategies you can employ (not spoiling them here) that are definitely not exploits or bugs, but allow you to punch WAY outside of your weight class. (When you're smashing dreadnoughts with a frigate, that's a bit much.)"
76561197969191562,Recommended,290300,28351360,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,-Turbu-,Very arcady space shooter(think of assassins creed 4 without those dull land parts) with a rocking soundtrack and a heavy firefly vibe.
76561197966551877,Not Recommended,290300,28218726,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,maxmax12,"i cannot recommend it.at first its nice and all,then its too repeative, advancement is way too slow and it gets too boring...i bought it on sale."
76561198009666916,Recommended,290300,30973209,Posted: 5 April,all,smoke,"It's like an intro to EVE online, or maybe EVE for kids, loads of fun, so many ways to play, not hard to learn. Worth paying full price for."
76561198041330298,Recommended,290300,30969772,Posted: 5 April,all,Wade Rocketowsky,This game is so awesome!! One of the best games I have ever played! I wish developers add new content and DCLs. Gameplay is so interesting with lot of potential.9/10
76561197996762492,Recommended,290300,28199722,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Gott,"Fun but the game but has one major issue for me. Mission ratings are horrible. Hards are often super easy, easy are often impossibly hard. Having to restart from last save because the ""Easy"" mission tore your maxed out ship for the area to shreds in 5 seconds is very fustrating. Obliterating ""Hard"" missions without even a challenge also gets boring. Combat is fun when you luck out and get a mission that is a bit of a challenge, but with the mission rating so off that does not happen as much as I would like.Worth the money for this game. Music is awesome, graphics are nice."
76561197987335066,Recommended,290300,28196381,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,$m0k!n Bergil,A bit samey. But I really enjoyed what i've played so far.
76561198124068241,Recommended,290300,31369972,Posted: 25 April,all,Shameful Unicorn,"This game Is absolutely amazing. Be a space pirate. A trader. A naval officer. A mother ♥♥♥♥ing cowboy bebop/firefly badass. If you like assassin's creed Black Flag but thought, gee, I wish there was more boat and less being a stupid assassin, Look no further. This is the game you have been looking for."
,Recommended,290300,31213425,Posted: 17 April,all,Drachen_Lord,"Definately worth the buy!  Awesome music, Awesome battles, makes you feel like your a friggin space cowboy! no pun intended"
76561198079268720,Recommended,290300,31261064,Posted: 20 April,all,FidelCastro,"This is an amazing game. I purchased this game for my love of Space games. As you can see I have spent 80 plus hours in this game and I can say that while the side missions get repititious and you can feel like the game in itself gets boring. I didn't play 81 hours at once. I took breaks, played other games, then when I got the itch came back. But if your looking at the price, you can easily say that in the end it is beyond well worth it. If your looking for skyrim though, look elsewhere, you have to be able to make your own fun in the end, they wont hand hold you through the game, and you have to be able to follow a non linear sandbox, and do as much as you want with side quests. Getting the ships are kinda hard in the end, But its hella fun to do so if you want."
76561198042561715,Recommended,290300,31497165,Posted: 1 May,all,Bravemoof,"Really fun simple space game, exceptional music options- good enough that I still listen to some on playlists months later- interesting ships, and cool weapons. Expect to play this for a couple weeks and then uninstall it with fond memories.Not hardcore space sim. fans!"
76561198026203412,Recommended,290300,31476102,Posted: 30 April,all,Dookalyon II,"Love the game, a great way to blow of steam after a hard days work. There is a lot of potential in this game, I read somewhere that this was done with a relatively small team, I hope they can expand upon it and just generally make the game more of everything, kick @#!@ soundtrack gets you in the mood for battle, more choices of weapons and ships, there is so much here that can be improved that I really hope its developers can expand upon it, I'll be the first one in line to get it too, until then will be playing this until they release an update (soon I hope) or when they make a sequel."
76561198129746527,Recommended,290300,31551219,Posted: 4 May,all,Ur_momsfavoriteperson,u can be a space cowboy
,Recommended,290300,25800079,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,KN,"Great, please port to Linux!"
76561198016512479,Recommended,290300,29256586,Posted: 14 January,all,Stupiderr,"If you are looking for a small simple version of Elite Dangerous, this is a great pick up.  Probably 20 hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,290300,30051685,Posted: 19 February,all,Δωδεκάθεον,"Beat the pirates, upgrade your ship，thats all，but have fun8/10"
,Recommended,290300,29877107,Posted: 12 February,all,Neo,"spacesim without a thrilling story, with grindy missions, and noncomplex combat but still an addictive loot for better weapons/ships. in sale for 6,79€ - u can do nothing wrong and will have entertainment for at least 30 hours!get it if you like trading/mining/dogfighting(naval style since this is no ""real 3d"")"
,Recommended,290300,32380098,Posted: 12 June,all,M. Gustave H,Rebel Galaxy combines one of the best soundtracks ever made with interesting AC4-black-flag-like ship mechanics to create one of the most unique games of 2015.For $20 this game is a steal.
76561198273190585,Recommended,290300,32464924,Posted: 15 June,all,Regelian92,"Rebel Galaxy is a futuristic space battle game that is reminiscent of Colony Wars 3 Red Sun in some respects. There are missions in which you earn credits to buy upgrades. Everything needs upgraded. The ship, the weapons, the hull, the shields, even the tractor beam for Pete's sake. You can explore dozens of different star systems once you have your jump drive. It allows you to use jump gates. You may want to upgrade everything to the maximum before each jump though. There is a story line that is original. You find an A.I. who has a bit of amnesia so you help her get her memory fragments only to discover a much larger plot. This game is addictive. The thrill of gaining enough cash to upgrade something keeps you glued to the screen for hours. The achievements are quite a rush. And you can choose which guild you want to side with. There is even an option to side with the pirates.There were a couple of things about this game that I did not like. First, it is completely inclined to the ecliptic. Meaning that the combat is not truly 3D. It plays more or less like a surface of the water naval battle. Enemy ships can go up and down but you can not. Secondly, there is lag. Sometimes when I am trying to go warp speed from place to place it freezes up breifly and sometimes it goes slow for no apparent reason.All things considered I would say that this game is worth buying. It is not a 2D game in case you are wondering. Watch the youtube reviews to see what I mean if you haven't figured it out yet. And although the lag is annoying it is not enough to really ruin the game.  It is a wild ride into the final frontier you won't want to miss. Addictive action, upgrades and an interesting story that you can sink your teeth into.  If you liked Star Wars and Star Trek then you will want to get this game."
76561197993065396,Recommended,290300,32489847,Posted: 16 June,all,venusius,"I bought this game a while ago but didn't play it until recently. This is a fun game. Simple mechanics, interesting story and great music background. I feel like a space rock'n'rolla playing this game."
,Recommended,290300,32589143,Posted: 20 June,all,OutKaster_,"I would definitley recommend this to any gamer that just wants to roam around space killing and blowing up whatever you fancy... Upgrading the ship is very rewarding, even more so when you can destroy other ships even faster!With a good plot and story behing it overall, i would say this is a good game to put some hours into..."
76561197972879118,Not Recommended,290300,20692861,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Antihero707,"This game is right on the brink of recommending. In the end, it comes down to one thing: This game is really just about going from A to B and shooting badguys along the way. There is not enough depth, not enough immersion.. the gameplay simply doesn't have enough oomph to keep the game interesting. It's fixable though. Give us more meaningful story, more character, more depth. The core gameplay is fun."
76561197972286482,Recommended,290300,32921444,Posted: 28 June,all,Shadak,Picked this up during the sale as it looked like it might be entertaining. Honestly though this game is pretty much everything Id hoped for when I originally picked up the not fun Elite Dangerous. Highly recommended.
76561198239614840,Recommended,290300,19548518,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,SGT,I bought this game for 20 and I think it was worth it.....at $6 DONT PASS THIS GAME UP
,Recommended,290300,32611543,Posted: 21 June,all,Quaestionarius,"Plenty of fun for the money.  Slightly grindy to increase playtime in the worst way possible, but forgivable for the variety of missions available to do so.  Also very easy to just cheat when the grind gets too dull."
,Recommended,290300,32649282,Posted: 22 June,all,Ginger,Wonderful BGM and a fantastic story. I recommend to everyone of my friends. I would def encourage all to pick it up if your at all a fan of space games. If you played Starpoint Gemini/2 then grab it without question. You will enjoy it.
76561198011912721,Recommended,290300,32637986,Posted: 22 June,all,ExplorerRowan,Friggin' amazing for $20
,Recommended,290300,33547446,Posted: 14 July,all,LA,"A marvelous, twang-slide-electric blues guitar'd space cowboy han solo good time.  Not too hard, not too easy.  Just fun."
76561197993057412,Recommended,290300,33477695,Posted: 12 July,all,Thanatos,Absolutely love this game! Reminds me so much of Privateer. The only thing I think that would have made it even better would have been if you werent stuck on an XY axis but instead had full range of space flight. Would have made space combat even more interestong.Highly recommend if you like games like Privateer and games with really good soundtracks.
76561198023202734,Recommended,290300,33586840,Posted: 16 July,all,pictishmenace,"Fun game, fun story, easy controls, and beautiful graphics."
76561197993494790,Recommended,290300,33620644,Posted: 17 July,all,Midarc,"Excellent.A sector for you to fly, fight, trade, mine, smuggle or pirate your way through.A plot unravelling as you explore or just sitting there waiting while you ignore it chasing down another bounty.All reminds me of the original privateer game, albeit with a capital ship under your command rather than the nimble little fighter.One  additional thing I must note:the soundtrack in this game is excellent.Hell of a game at a damn affordable price."
,Recommended,290300,32789892,Posted: 25 June,all,somenutter,"Rogue like space game with no health bar, it's pretty good if you don't mind blowing up randomly as you have no idea how much damage your ship has sustained."
,Recommended,290300,33148356,Posted: 2 July,all,ExplodedTurd,"This is the only game I made a review for. That's how much I enjoyed this game. I didn't expect it to be this fun since it was only $6. It's crazy. I love the open-world sandboxy feel, and the fact that there is missions. Other games like this are usually just exploration with no quests, but this is different. Best space-age game I've played in a long time."
76561198020783891,Recommended,290300,33259373,Posted: 4 July,all,aelled,One of the best spece sims ive played in years! im too lazy to go over the pros and cons but if it looks like somthing you might like you probaly will. buy it!
,Recommended,290300,33289527,Posted: 5 July,all,qwerty,"Fun linear space adventure with a different type of combat. Instead of dogfights (which you can get but its not as fun) , you instead get ship to ship broadsides which is a relaxing way to play.Get this game if you want to play an arcadey space sim without a learning curve and with very low system requirements but nice looking visuals and a good (if repetitive after some point) soundtrack.Don't expect it to ahve some great storyling/mission, etc. Its just a small & fun game for the price"
76561198113211749,Recommended,290300,33283539,Posted: 5 July,all,Captain Retlaw,"Top quality game for a very low price. Great story, fantastic attention to detail, and a lively universe make it a highly playable game, with tonnes fo replay value."
,Recommended,290300,33338511,Posted: 7 July,all,Baron Dank'in Memes,"TLDR: This game is awesome, the sound track is very firefly esq (space western) and I love it, the combat system is satisfying and anyone who loves this genere of game needs to buy this right now!Of course no game is perfect and the lack of 3rd axis movement will drive some people up the wall I think the vast majority will also love this game."
,Recommended,290300,33366093,Posted: 8 July,all,???,"One of the best games I've ever played.Do you like wooden boat naval broadside combat? How about in space? How about some dark country music to go with it? Yeah you know that music like from Starcraft, but this game has much better tunes.I've never been quite so into a game while playing it, completely enthralled.Just between you and me kid, the money grind in this game can be a big hassel, real pain in the neck ya haer? It takes a lot of effort to start getting the big paying jobs, if you just wanna enjoy the story a bit and suffer less maybe load up that C Engine, you know what I mean."
76561198064810938,Recommended,290300,33358603,Posted: 7 July,all,Xgrave,"Overall, I love this game. It has been forever since I've been able to play a competent, open ended space exploration title. However, I have some critiques to offer.The first critique has to do with the way the enemy AI handles encounters where they are obviously outclassed. While they do try to run when heavily damaged, when you hail them, there appears a 0% chance they will actively surrender to you when you tell them to stand down. While I can appreciate that many of these are hardened criminals you are dealing with, meaning they won't be daunted as easily as traders, their behaviour makes little sense. If someone were to obliterate a pirate's capital ship through their shields, the rest of the battlegroup ought to at least be receptive to a chance to live. It becomes rather annoying to even use the hail feature in these encounters since the automatic reply will always be something like ""sure, sure, there's no talking out of this one"". I found this broke my immersion rather than enhance it.My second critique has to do with the way saves are handled. As is, you can only save after exiting a station. This is problematic for a couple of reasons. Realistically, there is 0 reason to do this, and it just makes it tedious for longer sessions where you may have to make up for a lot of progress if you run into an unfortunate encounter. If you want to make a restriction on when players save, maybe just opt for not being able to save in combat. Further, while many save slots are on offer to the player, it seems the game uses only one at a time, with no way to access the other slots. It may be true that new games started use these slots, but personally it doesn't appear that that is the case. This critique is also problematic for another key reason. Today, shortly after purchasing my first destroyer, my game crashed. On restart, my save file was just gone... no explanation  as to why, just gone. All of my hardware in my rig is brand new, it's very unlikely that data corruption on the part of the hardware is the culprit, and now 35 hours of playtime appears to have gone down the toilet. I have to be honest, I'm quite dissapointed in this. It's not enough to make me not reccomend the game, but if it continues to occur, I might have to update my review.Finally, I have to talk about the music in the game. It's overly repetitive, it's annoying, and you are going to want to turn it off. It has it's charm for all of maybe an hour, and then grates on you. While it is worth noting that the devs have allowed for command pathing so you may add custom music, which is great, it still seems really lazy on the part of sound design.The lack of a multiplayer option is also a bit of a let down, this really keeps this game from being on the same level as titles like Elite Dangerous. Despite this, I still enjoyed the single player experience.Outside of these critiques, I found the gameplay to be fun, engaging, and simple enough to be inviting to a variety of skill sets, yet complex enough to reward players who want to dive a little deeper in terms of encounter planning, and ship functionality. Additionally, the ability to play the game the way you wish at all points without being locked into being a mercenary, trader, militia member, or pirate was truly refreshing. Numeric Scoring scales are all arbitrary, so I won't bother actually giving a score. All I will say is that if you loved older titles of this kind, like Freespace, this is the game for you. If you are a member of the uninitiated to this genre, but are still curious, I still heartily reccomend this title.Thank you for taking the time to read my review."
76561198066169445,Recommended,290300,33280511,Posted: 5 July,all,DeltaAvenger,"Great game with great music,  relies a lot on grind to prelong the game as enemies scale with ship, getting a bigger ship without getting better ship equipment first will get you killed on the easiest missions. Being a pirate is a huge grind and is unrewarding.The game saves only after mission complete or when docked into the station and game options can only be changed when launching the game."
76561197970311162,Recommended,290300,33259202,Posted: 4 July,all,EvilBob,"So Firefly and Cowboy Bebop had a baby and that is the universe you are playing in.  The entertainment value for what this game cost seems excellent!    Yes... I am only a couple hours in but the game mechanics are solid, the graphics are good, and something I NEVER see any more... the music is worth leaving turned on :D"
,Recommended,290300,33290069,Posted: 5 July,all,WoodyWang,"Great little gem. Bought it on the summer sale for 66% off, like 3 bucks or something like that and having a lot of fun with it.Some people are complaining about not being able to hit with broadsides or cant take on higher level ships....ummmmm yeah. Reading is fundamental. All the instructions are there if you can read. No reason to say anymore.Basically its a fun little game with a bunch of things to do, lots of ships, all kinds of guns, missles batteries, deflectors, etc to increase your firepower on each ship. You can be a pirate, trader, bounty hunter but not on eve online level so dont expect it. Its just a fun game with good music that you can switch out in-game with your own if you like.If your looking a for skyrim in space with deep charicter devolpment this isnt the game for you. If your looking  for a game to have fun with here and there then this is it, especially if you can get it for less than 20 bucks."
76561198071257535,Recommended,290300,33324955,Posted: 6 July,all,chuzurik,"Amazing game, if you have played sid meiers pirates back in the day, it is similar play style and in space, if you like flat ship style combat with broadside firing off, you will love this game"
76561198287781881,Recommended,290300,33421925,Posted: 9 July,all,salva8983,"I got this game on sale and whatever doubts i had about the game simply vanished after i played it. Sure some people would say not being able to move along the z-axis is a downer , but for a gamer new to the space sim genre , it will be fun , the game has one one of the best grinding systems i have seen. Here's hoping for a sequel and/or a DLC."
76561198138012621,Recommended,290300,33410409,Posted: 9 July,all,raggidman,"This is a simple but fun game.  Has fine crashing (you can ram enemies!) and blasting about characteristics if you like that in a 'space' game.To my surprise I have come back to it and replayed - the maps change though the game remains basically the sameThe range of ships available to fly and their varied characteristics is broad and more than sufficient for a game of its type.You don't need to look for deeep trading and strategic options - as its about tactics for the most part.'Race relations' seem set - very hard to change factions because of the MQ,  though I think it can be doneEnjoy"
,Recommended,290300,33416982,Posted: 9 July,all,Integer Man,"A mix of arcade style ship combat similar to that of Assassin's Creed Black Sails with space trading and missions of Freelancer, Elite, and the like with the (repetitive) soundtrack heavily reminiscent of Firefly. Very good, but it lacks the customized feel of a hand crafted world due to the free warp plus random generation. Still, it's the closest I've come to Freelancer since the X series."
76561198022999876,Recommended,290300,33386317,Posted: 8 July,all,smwasmund,"If you love Freelancer, this is a must!Been lovin' every minute.  I'm the space truckin' cowboy I've always wanted to be.Soundtrack is stellar!  Gets ya going during the battles. (Actually hooked up a hifi to my system and cranked 'er to 11 to rock out during battle)Great freedom and game progression.Was looking for a Pirates Gold and/or Freelancer experience and this is AWESOME!!!!!!Everything you think you want in Elite: Dangerous with a great UI and jump in game play.Option for multiplayer is the only thing that could make this better!"
76561198014404706,Recommended,290300,33391465,Posted: 8 July,all,protoKol,"This game was a fun romp is the best that i could put it.The music made this game for me, I normally think of electronic music when I play space games but the swamprock/dark country music really worked to make you feel like a small guy trying to find his way in a big scary galaxy. The combat was an arcadey style which focused around its broadside, naval combat system, which was only possible because the game was played on a single plane. The single plane is a huge downside, everythings laid out very flat and I guess this might be a good thing for people who are disoriented easily but not my cup of tea. The other major issue I had with the game was the progression system. Each system you go is progressively harder, the ships are all progressively larger. In the starter solar system the largest ships you fight are light frigates, 3 solar systems in, you're fighting some of the same sized ships from the previous system but also huge juggernauts with massive health pools. The objecitves are usually these huge juggernauts so if you want to play a light frigate youll have to skip ahead and deck yourself out with gear from 2 or 3 systems ahead. Yes thats right, even the equipment progression is forced by each solar system. All of these severley neuters the ""open world"" feel that the game was supposed to have. Combat becomes a chore, making money becomes a chore because it gets boring. This leads me to the third thing i dislike about the game, even the mining becomes a scavenger hunt. With how fast the lasers overheat, you're left getting a mediocre amount of low quality ores or scavenging belts to find 1 or 2 asteroids that contain 2 or 3 pieces of higher quality ore, gold or diamond.Pros:- An open wold feel, make money how you want (scavenging, pirating, mining, trading)- Dynamic trading economy, based on random events that occur in the stations in each system- The naval style combat- Music, the music made the atmosphere in this game, reminisent of firefly or the terran cinematics in the original starcraftCons:- Only able to travel on 1 plane (no verticle movement)- Felt too much of an arcade game- Linear progression system- Ship variety and playstyle is lacking- Fruitless miningIn all, I can recommend this game when its on sale, its a simple game in the guise of a better one. Despite strangulation by a linear progression system, the music and and unique naval style combat make it worth a try."
76561198285527824,Recommended,290300,33376197,Posted: 8 July,all,BriskCamera357,"Lots of fun, kind of reminds me of Firefly."
76561198031857557,Recommended,290300,33388119,Posted: 8 July,all,Shadowlee,"Awsome game, have played through twice never got tired of the music, will probably play it again.I am hoping they make ether dlc or a contuation of the game."
76561198036461981,Recommended,290300,33428755,Posted: 10 July,all,§Novarc,"Fantastic game, so much to do interesting story and mostly compelling mechanics. There are a few problems that one may have from time to time like aiming and camera angles but it does not greatly effect the entirety of the game. with what was given I am very happy with what I received, it might not be for everyone out there but you will never know if you always turn away. (also, if they make a sequel hopefully they resolve what happens at the end of this game. I would be one to like to find out.)"
,Recommended,290300,33425812,Posted: 10 July,all,vaana,"Not bad game and very cool music, I love it! Space cowboy like"
,Recommended,290300,33599707,Posted: 16 July,all,CanadianKeystone [no glasses],"EDIT: Note that like all games, this one isn't perfect either. I had a bounty mission spawn on top of a story mission, with a random gen bounty spawning mid battle. My computer didn't crash, but I couldn't see my ship through all the explosions and enemy fire.....EDIT #2: Some tweaks are needed. Like going to protect ships and having them open fire on you while you're in combat with their enemy, because the game can't distinguish between mission and reputation. :(I didn't expect to like this game so much. I almost gave up.The game is a little simple, but it's complete. And that's more than most games on steam. No Early Access B.S., just hop in and take the game for what it is. Be a trader. A miner. A rebel. A law enforcer. Be all of them.Few unique things:- It takes awhile to gain favour or lose it from any party - aside from how you start the game. So you can mess up, and recover easily enough. You have to actively want to be good or bad.- Regardless of your moral code - you have to abide by some rules, or your own people will come after you.- It may not seem like it, but there is A LOT of underlaying events/options happening. The game won't spoonfeed you all of it. I'm sure it's all randomly generated, but if you embrace it, it's great.- Market system is interesting. Buying and selling certain goods, certain places, etc.My favourite part is lets say you're cruising around, saving people, robbing people, etc... sometimes you'll just randomly get outgunned and have to run. Or you get met by a larger capital ship and get robbed, or die. I love there being a save feature, but only when at starbases. It makes it more real.Oh, and the visuals and music really add to what other users have mentioned: Style! Gritty. Rough. Dirt! Diesel! Truckin!This game feels more like a pirate game than Space Pirates and Zombies. And I love those games."
76561197980565224,Recommended,290300,33553136,Posted: 15 July,all,BpG Corbec,In the style of Escape Velocity and Privateer you are a faceless space trucker out to investigate the trouble an estranged family member got into.The game has incredibly stylish visuals and the emptiness of space is genuinely colorful. I like the feel of the navigation & combat as it is locked to a 2D plane and plays much more like a boat or mech game than a 3D simulator. This cuts down on the amount of controls and disorientation that would come with them. The game is generally light on unnecessary details and is an incredibly relaxing experience to tootle around in.The RPG piece of the game is streamlined as well. There aren’t ships or upgrades I would consider trap options. You can’t get stuck in a slow moving cargo freighter with no guns. Every ship is better than the last and when combined with the arcadey combat is a much more casual and action oriented experience than the many games that proceed it.The cargo flipping economic sim component is the weakest part of the game. Finding efficient trade routes and running them for cash isn’t exposed properly in the menus to make sound decisions. For the most part you should be shooting evil pirates during missions or in random encounters and just selling whatever they stole. Because all the upgrades are generally positive and cash flow is constant; money effectively equals exp and the game is paced well to provide steady improvement without the feel of grind.The music is fantastic. In the same vein of StarCraft II terrans you have truckers listening to space country. I think it nails the tone perfectly but if that isn’t your bag you can tie your own custom soundtrack to the audio queues the game uses for seamless transitions.Edit: I have completed the game and am pleased with the time spent. It does get grindy during the approach to the end of the game as you have likely settled into a favorite loadout. I recommend this game on a steam sale for a relaxing trip through space.
76561198006531325,Not Recommended,290300,26500662,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,darkenedforceps,"The only thing this game has going for it is the Firefly vibe, but thats not enough to base a game on. The controls are bad, the combat is terrible, the missions are boring and glitchy, the gameplay as a whole is  utterly boring. Wish I'd gotten the refund instead of waiting 3 weeks to try it out. 1/10."
76561198041812857,Recommended,290300,33901970,Posted: 30 July,all,KJTB8,Enjoyable space grind.
,Recommended,290300,33893991,Posted: 29 July,all,Spazsquatch,"taipan 3000... but better graphics... im calling ""they stole the ever living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game""..."
,Recommended,290300,34043960,Posted: 5 August,all,Gamerwolfseven,Liked the game. Wished it had 3d combat and more music.
76561198127216792,Recommended,290300,33913372,Posted: 30 July,all,stormboss57,One of my favorites. I look forward to future installments.
76561198009276673,Recommended,290300,34037446,Posted: 5 August,all,Izzban,"Great game. The atmosphere is perfect with stellar music and excellent graphics. Gameplay is fun with an easy to understand 2D approach to space combat. If you seek an intense, strategic 3 dimensional realistic space battle simulation, this is not your game. If you want a fun game to trade, mine, maybe go a little bit on the outside of the law, fight, and upgrade your ship/s then this is where you want to be. The Rebel Galaxy."
76561197988140218,Recommended,290300,31463244,Posted: 30 April,all,Sarabian,"How to review this game - it's great so there you have it :)Simply put this is a fun, easy to get into space combat and trading game with some good music(you have to be in a space cowboy frame of mind to appreciate it fully)It also helps the fun if you go into a cowboy style of play - this aint no space sim, seriously-not a space sim at all.Said that twice as some reviews got the odd idea that it should be like some other games in their heads.It's not - it's a fun romp around space, in a fixed plane(very hard to get lost), shooting, trading and completing a whole bunch of missions. You can choose factions to work with or against and you can upset a whole race, or two, of aliens by being generally very mean to them.My main tip is to save up for the big ship upgrades - I grinded a bit to get a 6 cannon broadsider and completed the game in it :) with tons of money left.It would be great if this game could be modded for more content or added to, as it stands I am just waiting for next one - hint hint."
76561197964495885,Recommended,290300,34063362,Posted: 6 August,all,TheDude,"A solid fun if ultimatly abit shallow game.Combat and just generally flying around is a joy.While it may not match some hyper shallow AAA on graphics it still look good and the ship designs are supurb.Trading is easy if abit repetative but then again thats trading in almost any game.Soundtrack is a 10 out of 10 work that hits the game's style and atmosphere to a T.8.5/10 and i only hold back on the rating due to it being abit shallow compaired to other space sims that said it offers more instant gratification compaired to other sims due to it's excellent broadside combat, You can easily spend HOURS AND HOUR just flying around shooting♥♥♥♥♥♥and space trucking without so much as touching the plot.The biggest downside to Rebel Galaxy is the fact it never got a Sequel/DLC."
,Recommended,290300,34095180,Posted: 7 August,all,aradapilot,"This game is a lot of fun for a while, but then at a point that just drops and the rest of the game is repetitive. It's like a rock 'n' roll starpoint gemini. Will be worth it to some, not to others."
76561198024722229,Recommended,290300,34169513,Posted: 11 August,all,Meysim,Very similar mechanics to Wing Commander: Privateer. But it actually starts you with the storyline mission!
76561198173281573,Recommended,290300,34161197,Posted: 10 August,all,Over-Kill-is-Me,"loved the game , was short , but still fun"
76561198035198265,Recommended,290300,34232193,Posted: 14 August,all,Killer Coke,I really like this game. Kind of sad in somce areas but it held me for more than 10 hours in the first seating.
76561197965366665,Recommended,290300,34221872,Posted: 13 August,all,FredFlint,"Great game, well worth the price. Hope they expand it with DLC or produce a sequel."
76561197970631340,Recommended,290300,34518187,Posted: 26 August,all,Jerry Guy,"Short, sweet and addictive."
76561198137755267,Recommended,290300,34581188,Posted: 29 August,all,Shadow Play,Very good almost too good and it reels you in.
76561198098475870,Recommended,290300,34595228,Posted: 29 August,all,AssaultKittens,"This game was a ton of fun and well engineered IMO. Casual but has some challenging missions. If you like customizing ships and shooting lasers, you'll probably enjoy this one."
76561198029008170,Recommended,290300,34446530,Posted: 23 August,all,Dan,"This game really made me laugh.  I love the broadside mechanic and the music, I think I'd replay this (and I never do) before trying more Everspace.   GIVE ME MORE MUSIC!  Trading mechanics were basic at best.  The storyline is ok, but should be developed better, and the universe should be more diverse- there were really only three levels of systems, but fighting is so much fun.  If a game ever would make me get set for VR, this is the one that could do it.  Broadside in 3D with more new music would be AWESOME.  An investor could really develope the hell out of this game, maybe spawn a new long term franchise."
76561198035839412,Recommended,290300,34567016,Posted: 28 August,all,X7,"What it lacks in depth, it makes up for in great gameplay, ease of access and fun!"
76561198032155352,Recommended,290300,33362075,Posted: 7 July,all,Talyn,I would give it a thumbs up for the sound track alone.
76561198059803168,Recommended,290300,35219278,Posted: 26 September,all,williambrinker,It was okay. Gameplay was solid. Got repetitive after about 20 hours. Not really any replayability or storyline. Wait till it's on sale.
76561198007789907,Recommended,290300,35218524,Posted: 26 September,all,sog,"A great game. Graphics, ease of play, effects, missions, massive amount of content and realism all contribute to the playability of this title.Unfortunately I experienced a CTD and lost all my save games, otherwise my 6hrs game play would easily be around 20hrs by now."
,Recommended,290300,35221105,Posted: 26 September,all,Lil' Gideon,"Relatively short, but gameplay feels really good, with decent ship customization and playstyle options. Music is absolutely fantastic. If on sale, absolutely worth it."
76561198139737313,Recommended,290300,35227410,Posted: 26 September,all,Fried Pacman,"Awesome!It's a great game with great graphic,music and story.It's also long.I reached only the second solar system after 17 hours of pure gameplay.Obviously 10 packs of narco-cola \ 10"
76561198030781984,Recommended,290300,35232825,Posted: 26 September,all,Magisnik,"A very Nice space simulator, not much of a dept in the story but the battles are fun and got to LOVE how your ships get more and more masssive with every next Class :3. Still I'm recommending it ;)"
76561198008335018,Recommended,290300,35184818,Posted: 24 September,all,Ironsights,"I write this review after having spent a decently long time in this game, for a single play through. I did not beat this game, and I likely won't...after having spent as much time as I have in this, the grind has simply lost its appeal, and that is sadly the biggest weakness this game has.Don't be led astray, and don't let yourself miss out on this game. It is fun, for a while. The combat is pretty intuitive, if some what simple, the story is satisfactory for what it is, and the game runs great. The issue is that if you are a story driven player, like me, you will run into a problem: GRIND. After 3-4 hours of good paced gameplay, you will find yourself horribly outmatched by your next mission and new enemies...so you fall back and grind for a solid 3-4 hours, completing otherwise pointless missions over and again to earn enough cash to get bigger better guns, armor, shields, ships, whichever it is you need or all of the above. Then you burn through another few hours of gameplay and then have to grind again...and each grind is painfully longer than the last. Personally, I am near the end of the game and faced with a final grind that would likely consume multiple nights...I just don't care anymore. I may come back and finish, I may not.All that said, I deffinitely got my money's worth out of this game. I had fun for many hours before it became stale, and I am satisfied. IF you are the type of player who enjoys the grind, who loves soaking time to get better and better gear, you may really enjoy this one. If you are simply looking for a few hours of fun playing Space Cowboy (or pirate, if you are so inclined) then you will not regret this. This -is- a fun game, and I do recommend it, you just have to know what you are getting yourself into. $20 well spent."
76561198044504740,Recommended,290300,35238471,Posted: 27 September,all,Statera,I mean this is basically 95% freelancer just with you being in an dreadnaught and not in an tiny ship. I mean it has all the same things that freelancer has. Just your character doesnt talk which is ok because the voice actor in freelancer was just bad.  So yes very good game. Very good.
,Recommended,290300,35009351,Posted: 16 September,all,RevanOn3r,"It's like Borderlands and Freelancer watched the entire season of Firefly on Netflix, then made a baby together. It's the best 20 friggin dollars I ever spent! You can set a custom music path too if you're not into the western themed music. Combat takes a little getting used to, and I was apprehensive at first about there only being one axis to play on, but the gameplay is well executed, and the graphics are amazing. Can run on low end PCs with medium graphics and still look amazing with smooth FPS."
76561198038623950,Recommended,290300,35092465,Posted: 20 September,all,Tosei,"Loads of fun! Very simple to learn and a nice main story. After the story you can keep playing sandbox style. M/Kb works fine (I simply don't like controllers).There is enough variety of ships and guns and missions to keep you occupied for quite a while. I was done with the main story after about 30 hours, and I played it very slowly, you can probably do it in almost half that time if you want to. Now I am sandboxing to get the biggest, baddest ship and guns, just because I can!"
76561198043174343,Recommended,290300,35312529,Posted: 29 September,all,Matty E,Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!9/10
