user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,290340,32275727,Posted: 8 June,all,Xenial-Lynx,"This is one of my favorite games! I love the board-game/RPG inspired gameplay. The tutorial does a great job of introducing the player to the main mechanics at a good pace. I really like the concept of multiple ways to win the game, leading to even more neat strategies for players to come up with. It's a creative twist on a long-standing concept. One thing to keep in mind is that a play session can sometimes run about an hour, but not always, and I actually prefer being able to sit down and play a game for a long time. I would definitely recommend Armello."
76561198133886707,Not Recommended,290340,26502101,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Rugged,"Beautiful game, but is meant to play online.... where it has its flaws. I have played a few matches. and so far every one of them if someone is about to lose they just disconnect and you get stuck on a waiting screen that makes you have to quit the game and are penalized for, meaning you cannot join a multiplayer game for a bit."
76561198220331643,Recommended,290340,22628519,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,FullMetalBucket,"This game is a real treat for those looking for something unique, visually attractive, and challenging. It is very well produced blend of strategy, role playing, and board gaming. The producers have comitted great attention to detail. Every element of the game; characters, story line, events, spells, equipment, flavor text, and even poetry, create a true sense that this is a fully imagined world that you have entered.Before I go into the gameplay, a little bit on the game lore would be helpful: Armello is a kingdom of animal clans ruled by a lion (king). Unfortunately, the king has been infected by a creeping, evil disease called the ""Rot"". It has driven him mad and slowly ebbes his health. Each night the Rot grows in him, and each morning he loses health. His madness is evident in his daily decrees, that create chaos around the realm, affecting the heroes and inhabitants of the kingdom. The time then has come to depose the king and for a new hero to take the throne.Armello is a turn based 4 player board game (you can also play against AI). At the beginning of a game players choose a hero, a female or male character, that is either a bear, wolf, rabbit, or rat. Each character has unique stats (Fight/Body/Wit/Spirit), and also a unique ability. The hero's creature clan type provides a trait that provides a boon for that character as well. From there players select a ring and amulet that provide additional abilities or benefits to their hero.Players take turns drawing cards, moving their heroes about the game board, casting spells, and completing quests. Completing a quest improves hero stats, and rewards them with equipment, followers, or treasures. As heroes adventure they will encounter perils, both randomly placed, and ones placed by other players and the king. They may also attack other players and cast spells on opponents to hinder their progress or even kill them. There are King's guards and evil creatures called banes that wander about the board that will attack players and generally get in the way.The object for each player is to aquire the means to dethrone the king and become the new monarch/matriarch themself. There are 3 ways to win the game; by defeating the king in straight one on one combat, by gathering 4 spirit stones to destroy the ""Rotting"" king, or by having the most prestige points when the king finally succumbs to the Rot after 10 turns.So here's the take away for Armello:Pros:Beautifully imagined and rendered world. From the artwork to the storyline to the general atmosphere, you know that this game was a labor of love for the very competent makers.Unique. Armello borrows from several genres and merges them into new gaming experience that is a welcome break from the copy/paste fodder that has cluttered the online gaming selection.Fun and addictive. Even if you don't win you'll have tons of fun tripping up your opponents and discovering new ways to use heroes, board tactics, and spells.Replayability. The variety in characters, abilities, and win conditions make each match unique and provides tons of replayability. Achievements will unlock new rings and amulets that give players even more opportunities to expirement with heroes and win conditions.Cons:Waiting. Armellos is a turn based game so this may turn some people off. In addition each night and morning there are non-player creatures that must move and decrees to resolve. One consolation is that you can still play spells, perils, and equip items during another players turn.More waiting. The player base is still small and you may have to wait a while, sometimes longer than a while, to get a full group of opponents. (best bet is to invite your friends to a game)Random. ""The best laid plans of mice and men...."". The randomness of card drawing, dice rolls in battle, decrees, and questing, can sometimes wreck your strategy. It can be frustrating since you have little control over this element of the game. But the more you play, the more you learn how to mitigate this factor and/or adust your strategy in midstride.You can't win. Ocassionaly, at some point in an Armello match you'll realize that you can't win. Kinda like in Monopoly when you own Mediterranian and Baltic Avenues and your opponent owns everything else. It just ain't gonna happen. Sometimes as early as midgame you come to this realization. Many online players drop out at this point (the game inserts an AI player to take over when this happens). And you'll feel like your just going through the motions, hopelessly. But, you can still get some enjoyment out of messing with the leading player or even by helping another player steal the win!In closing this is a great game that's different and enjoyable. It deserves to succeed. So get it, play it, and definately tell your family, friends, neighbors, and enemies to give it a try."
,Recommended,290340,29164417,Posted: 10 January,all,✨ Hatty ✨,"*** UPDATE 28/APRIL 2017: Bots still a problem. I'm currently in a game where one person is clicking end turn from the safety of their base. The other two are in a team, so I'm screwed as they target me instead of each other. Have reported people who play unfairly and bot in the past but it seems to do nothing as I still get matched with them. Either botting or teaming up happens about every 4 out of 5 games.Really annoyed by the state of this game as developers seem to ignore it even being an issue because it doesn't happen to them.I still enjoy the game for me personally and there is a single player mode as well.==============old review:I really enjoy this game. I have some cons and pros though which I'll include below.For many years I've followed this, it had a successful kickstarter which brought it to steam.It was quite popular, and I'd say still is, probably. I never have too many issues finding people to play with.PROS:---------- nice music- REALLY GOOD ART- the cards in game have art which are painted and ANIMATED!- the cards in game have bonuses, or curses which you can play on yourself, tiles, or others- NICE >> you can't harrass each other in chat, as the responses are specific to each character. (For example, my rabbit will say 'salutations' instead of just 'hello', where as another may say 'Hiya!' etc., It depends on personality of the playing character. You cannot type to talk. (Maybe a con to some, see below)- Dice are tradeable, easy to get. Just play and it throws boxes/keys at you.- Can play with friends. (also a con, see below)- 8 characters to start, tons of dice, rings to unlock (benefits), cards, and map is completely randomized- Events happen at random in the game which makes for good gameplay.But I have a few complaints, not with the game, as it's quite fun, really balanced and random.But with the community.CONS:==================================- Can't type to talk. This is fine for me for the most part, as I'm less anxious about joining a game knowing I can't be verbally trolled, but at the same time, I wish there was a 'nice dice!' button, or something, I'd really just like them to know that they have nice dice!- Why are you allowed to invite 3 players? I would say a 2v2 or inviting for a full match is okay. But when playing a 3v1, honestly I always feel pressured, a 2v2 would be okay, but a 3v1 is difficult. Whenever I've played against a 3v1, some of them will hunt you down and block you in your base, while letting one other character win the game for them, then they will often give each other reccomendations to level each other up. It's not fun. AT ALL.- Same with above, but instead of hunting you? They go afk. They'll just fill a space and not move from their clan base ( they're immune to attacks there) so theres less players to fight against for their friends and they can farm.- Bot Farming > people will join the game, go afk in the base, and just get chests when the game is finished. You can't even kick them. Some of the items are worth £2+ so it's a big problem. :(**** NOTE Reporting is easy to do. Please report these players. ****You press escape when in game and just click the bug icon on the right corner. I did it there a few times now, but I don't know if pushiments are ever taken."
,Recommended,290340,17914947,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,ElBueno,"After days of gathering Spirit Stones, my time had come to infiltrate the castle and cleanse the King of the Rot, at last bringing an end to the madness that had plagued Armello for so long. Twice I was thwarted, twice I lost precious time as the King fell deeper into his sickness, but on my third attempt to slip past the sinister curses, I made it beyond the palace walls. Soon we would be free!But it was not to be. The other powers of the realm, drunk with lust for the throne, would force me out, limping, bloodied, back to my home. It became clear that I would never be able to save the King before the Rot claimed his life.And so I began a swift campaign of political treachery. I schemed, I connived. I did things that whittled away at my soul. To my dismay, it was not long before a rival house entered the keep and slew our once great King. But they sacrificed their own life in the process. In the turmoil that followed, I slipped through the web of liars and conspirators to occupy the vaccuum of power left in the rivers of blood that now freckled our land.I could not save the King, nor could I save my spirit. But by the gods, I would save Armello.(Stories like this happen EVERY time I play. This game is PHENOMENAL.)"
76561197994503721,Recommended,290340,14202147,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Squiggly Death,"+ BEFORE YOU BEGIN +Know that you will forever have 1/3 of the games cast unaccessible to you, and most dissapointingly, by far the most interesting characters of said cast. This is due to a unadvertised kickstarter which was participated in by about 3,000 people. Being part of said kickstarter got you access to the ""Bandit"" clan permenantly and exclusively. So let's just get that un-advertised thorn of dissapointment right out in the open.The Pros:-The game is fun, the gameplay is solid, and it feels like exactly what it was meant to be- that beer and chips roleplaying, dice throwing, card slinging board game you've likely played with your friends before.-The graphics are smooth and there is plenty of depth to keep gameplay engaging.It is also worth mentioning that the single player AI doesn't feel lacking like some games of these genres do, and have an amusingly nasty habit of punishing the player and other AI's mercilessly. It feels nearly complete if not acceptably so as a base boardgame in it's current state to be frank; though not all cards are incorperated in the game yet, nor are the characters.-The full game will double the (dirty steam players) roster from 4 to 8. So there are more characters to come. and assuming the community doesn't take the secret kickstarter issue too personally, likely more to come in future expansions, assuming there will be expansions.The Bad:-As a pre-release it does have its share of  bugs. Occasionally, but not often, the game will hang on an AI's turn and require you to restart the game. This can be bothersome, but it has only happened to me 3  times out of about 14 matches so...it's par for a pre-release in terms of technical difficulty.-The game does not explain in any way it seems, the ability mechanics obtained through spells and equipment yet.Example, the abilities ""Scout"" as provided by ""Mariners Lantern"" and ""Evasion"" as provided by a spell who's name I can't remember, are discussed nowhere. You can refer to a wiki...but I feel there shouldn't have to be any sort of question on this. Especially with a large tutorial-esque digital pamphlet to read to get the rules down, there should be an effects tab there to clear up any confusion at the least.- People can and do ragequit if they are losing mid game. These games mind you can last anywhere from 30 minutes to 1 1/2 hours. This being said, a poor sport could waste a good chunk of your day with no sense of satisfaction to be had. It is also worth noting that there is no system in place to punish this type of poor sportsmanship, and thusly, you can keep your win/loss ratio as high as you want it to be as long as you never let yourself lose...by ragequitting.The Ugly:- Overall; I love this game and hope to see it succeed... but I will tell you this as well. Anyone who gets into this game will eventually feel a creeping frustration regarding the 1/3 of the character cast they will never have access. Especially given that they are easily the best designed and most interesting characters so far as to be seen of the lot. This is a real shame in my eyes.Being meant to be played online, the average player will likely get fed up or agitated seeing these sacred cows they will always want to play with, but ya know... NONE FOR YOU!Also, it is worth mentioning this will likely cause tension regarding the competitive gaming community as well regarding the legality of these characters in any sort of tournaments, which will likely insight endless bickering and hostilities between the filthy steam players and the obscure kickstarter community.Final Verdict:+The Grade I want to give: 9/10 - As a pre-release game it shows a great deal of polish, care, and attention to detail. The gameplay is balanced and there is enough to be done to remain engaging; including trash talking in chat mid game. I love the way it looks and feels very much and could spend many countless hours tooling around a game like this casually, however...+The Grade I have to give it: 6.5/10 - As stated above, this is a fun game that is hard to find fault with, even in its early stages, but with the ability for poor sportmanship to ruin any chance of an accurate leaderboard, and the high probability a ""Good"" player may actually just be a man child hellbent on wasting your time and robbing you of that satisfying victory you started the game seeking, I can't fully endorse the multiplayer just yet in a competitive sense.Furthermore, I personally found out about the game only after it was released in its early release phase, but by the time the steam community was made aware of it's existance, they were already damned to forever-never play 1/3 of the games cast; more regretably so, the most appealing 1/3 of the games cast.Maybe seems like a small detail to some out there, but I personally won't ever be able to fully dismiss this as a ""Tough luck"" kinda thing. Because nothing spoils a good meal like eating by a great meal, especially when you never knew it was going down accross the table from you."
76561197970513755,Recommended,290340,26496152,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Tantrumus,I cannot rate this game high enough.My family owns a four pack and we have quite a rivalry going in the house.If you like board game mechanics with a twist of stealth and trickery (that only a CPU can add) this is the game for you.I cannot wait for more from this company.
76561198017065468,Recommended,290340,25005906,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Jorrrrrn,"Thumbs skyward, ladies and gents.To clarify just what Armello is--it is definitely a boardgame come to life in digital format. The card-drawing, the dice-rolling, the playing field all remind you of those cutting-edge games at the hobby store that nobody's ever heard of. The mechanics of the game are dreadfully simple, so you don't need Coordination Level: Dark Souls to play. If that's OK with you, then play on.I'd also say that this is first and foremost a multiplayer game. Single player had me for about 10 hours, but there's no campaign or complex progression or anything that will drive you to play solo all year. The AI can seem a little tricky at first, but it eventually becomes fairly predictable. At some point, you're gonna wanna branch out and go into the multiplayer queue.The game's simplicity allows even a sub-par connection to keep you hooked up, which means matchmaking can reach farther afield and keeps moving even though the game doesn't have a mega-roster of players. I live in central US, and queue times are about 30sec-2min. On rare occasions when the queue exceeds 5min, the game lets me dabble in single player while waiting and informs me when the match is ready.You've also got one of the best communities I've seen, so it's not hard to find peeps to play/get acquainted with. Chat is restrained to a selection of speech options like you'd see in Hearthstone... At first it unnerved me a little, but then I went 20 straight games without reading a single homophobic slur or N4z1 slogan and I decided that that was OK with me.As important as I feel multiplayer is, I don't think you'll ever suffer from the population problems that crash giant multiplayer-only titles. Low connection requirements, community, and ability to sub in an AI slot in a pinch mean you can always find a game.The one thing that initially drove me nuts about the game is the same things that bothered some other reviewers here: Dat RNG. There were times when I first started playing the game where I didn't just curse fate--I wanted to take all of the kittens in the world and punch each one of them in the face. Yes, I was that angry. But I've come to realize the error of my ways.There are a couple aspects of the game that take getting used to.First--the mechanics... Managing cards and dice rolls can have a subtle but powerful effect on how the game plays out. You have opportunities to affect what kind of dice you roll, how many, and even whether or not the game comes down to a dice duel at all. Waste these and you'll be constantly at the mercy of RNGesus. You can't control the dice--but you CAN influence them an awful lot.The second thing is that there are multiple victory conditions. This, I think, is one of the ways in which the game truly shines. Contrary to the most popular negative review on here, I'd say that your path to victory is NOT obvious in the first few turns. It's constantly changing, and you need to pursue multiple paths simultaneously or make some titanic shift in your favor at just the right moment so that no one can counter you.Get a strong start and someone will pull the rug out from under you. Let someone else draw fire and you might slip in the side door when no one's looking. You have to be flexible and play it loose because you won't even know what the winning combo IS until that perfect moment arrives. Push down one path every time instead of going with the flow = 75% chance of Doom.Lastly, the statistical hurdle: 4 players. You'll lose often enough, because 3 people lose EVERY game. Maybe you can whoop the AI, but against random Interweb goons even a 75% win rate means you're semi-pro. If your sense of self-worth is centered around executing consistent strategies and earning consistent rewards... then Armello may drive you to madness. Get used to feeling like everyone else is trying to drag you down--they are.The devs support their game with multiple weekly events. What's already here is good, but with this support the game also seems to be on a good long-term trajectory.I'd rate Armello as a $30+ game masquerading as a $20 title. Since I can't retroactively pay them $10 I'll probably just buy the new DLC.And the Guppy plushy. Guppy is the next big thing in video game mascots."
76561198086505175,Recommended,290340,22909070,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,[POEX]An-Tarxamon,"My overall rating for Armello: 85/100Armello brought us a board-game-like adventure-strategy  where four heroes are racing for the throne of Armello ruled by corrupted king. Strategy here is a key element, though luck factor is also important, as fights are being resolved with dice rolls, but a good player may ensure that odds will be on his or her side. Lets see this title in detail.GAMEPLAY+ Variety of heroes with unique abilities+ Hex tile design+ Day/Night cycle+ Huge replayability+ Four victory options+ Interactive turn-based system+ Cards+ Story-driven prologueo Fair multiplayer (host leave may crash the game)o Luck and random number generator- May be frustrating sometimesGameplay is cute and lovely. Heroes are moving on hex based tile, and trying to get prestige, magic, coins or even rot sometimes. With four modificable stats via quests - Fight, Body, Wits and Spirit - the amount of strategies is huge and also it adds more replayability to Armello.There are basically four victory options. Firstly we have a Prestige victory - gaining prestige for quests, killing heroes and banes. Second one is a Spirit Stone victory, after gaining four stones through quests and stone circles, the king is banished after engaging him. Kingslayer and Rot victory are very simillar, you have to kill the king, survive, when trying for Rot, your Rot has to be higher than king's.Day and night cycle also brings important aspect, as heroes have affinity to day parts and also other creatures too. During the day Guards move, during the night Banes are spawning and moving. It may be an advantage or disadvantage, heroes may also become corrupted, which changes their strategy.Good strategy may bring the odds to player side, yet still luck plays an important factor here and after several unhappy rolls players may get frustrated. It is a risk, that needs to be taken. There are six kinds of cards - Items, Spells, Trickery, that may be drawn, Treasures, Followers, acquirable from dugneons or quests, and Palace cards, which player simply has to encounter. Questing is important, as it may deny the palace perils, which are really difficult and nasty.Multiplayer is fair and it is up to the player, if they decide to team up or not, victory may belong to the best one. Also mechanics are good againts leavers or delaying players, though, when the host drops it might result to game crash.Last addition to good points is a story-driven prologue, that is not just a simple tutorial, but the beginning of story in Armello. Also easy to understand and explain game mechanics.CHARACTERS+ Traits and affinities, variety of themPlayer may choose so far from eight heroes and adjust the strategy accordingly.Rabbit clan is represented by Amber, the Far Seeker, who is excellent in dungeons seeking, thus has a higher chance of get a reward. Another member is Barnaby, the Screwloose, who collects equipment and when changing equipped items, cards are not burned.Bear Clan offers Sana, the Forest Sister, who uses Spirit instead of Fight, when dealing with corrupted creatures, and Bran, the Oakbreaker, who gains temporarily Fight after each successfully casted spell.Rat Clan has Mercurio, the Grinning Blade, who steals gold from previous settlement owners and Zosha, the Whirlwind, who is alwasy stealthed at night and may ambush other creatures.Finally, we have here the Wolf Clan. Thane, the Winter Wolf pierces burned cards with swords through enemy's defense, River, the Howling Arrow, shoots before fight, inflicting one hp injury to target.King is always corrupted, whose healthe decrease and rot increase through the game. Banes get additional rot each night, guards are dealing with them, or with heroes, who have bounty on themselves.New heroes are announced, review will be updated after release.VISUAL+ Nice art style+ Animations+ Dices+ SEASONS- Few graphic glitchesArt style is lovely and suits the nature of the game. Also combat animations with dice rolls are amazing (there are four different dice styles so far with animations), differing whether the dice explodes or not, also hit to the hero differs from a blocked attack. There were some graphic glitches, but very rare and not affecting gameplay.It si good to see, that developers still keep this game changing and alive. Newest addition is about year seasons and it is great. The war of the throne keeps going through the whole year. And nou players have that impresion.SOUNDTRACK+ Stylised+ Lisa Gerrard performance+ Changing accordingly to the atmosphereSoundtrack is very well created and composed. Songs are underlining the dark-fantasy atmosphere and course of the game. Also Lisa Gerrard participated and her voice well known from Dead Can Dance or Gladiator suits melodies and game very well. I am glad that developers released soundtrack, that may be also purchased even by non-early-access players.SUMMARYTo sum it up, Armello is well driven adventure-strategy game with dice rolls and a bit of luck, that resembles the style of board games. With a plenty of cards player may react to changing course of the game and adjust the strategy perfectly. This title alsom offers much to the people outside the genre, so for a reasonable price you may get a huge amount of fun.I have been playing this game from 0.3.5 ""Pride's Fall"" patch and game made a huge progress since.Strongly recommended."
76561198091995427,Not Recommended,290340,34052612,Posted: 5 August,all,Egotistical Giraffe,"Over and over, I've tried to give Armello a chance with an open mind, but every time I do I just want to vomit out all my disappointment for what this game could have been, and what they've turned it into: a pay to win game with a $20 paywall.If you play this game by yourself, it's somewhat fun because all of the characters that you encounter are rather balanced relative to each other. However, if you step into multiplayer, not only is it nearly impossible to complete a full game without someone leaving and the AI taking over (by the way there is no way that I've seen where you can reconnect), but the matchmaing system is god awful and I have about a 20% success rate at even starting a match.Okay, so let's assume the servers are having a good day and you get a connection, and nobody leaves. Well, maybe now you can have some fun with other people, right? Well, not really. You see, the game has 8 DLC characters, several of which are significantly stronger than the base game characters. Most recently, I've played against a Twiss (DLC character) along with a Barnaby and a Thane while I was playing Sana (all 3 are base game characters). The Twiss got 4 spirit stones (one of the two major hurdles in achieving a particular victory) before the dawn of day 3. From that point, it was a 3v1 against the Twiss (everyone used everything possible to kill her while ignoring other players), yet the Twiss still managed to win. This is just one of several examples where I felt cheated out of a potential good experience and victory.Another issue I'm having is the crazy randomness. Pretty much everything is dictated by RNG, including the card draws, the questing, the perils (including palace entry, a crucial part of the game), and even the combat itself. As I often play Sana, many times I feel like I can't get a single spell that can deal even one damage, while players like the Twiss seem to get the one and only card that can win them the game (like a Hot Rot Wine on the last turn on the last night in order to cleanse the king having just entered the palace on the same turn). The feeling is so unsatisfying when you are about to win through hard grinding for the entire game, and someone else instantly wins because of just because the computer decided to let them win.So if you'd not like to deal with the low quality servers, overpowered DLC characters, and painful RNG, then your only real option is to play singleplayer. But the okay singleplayer wouldn't be enough to justify the game's $20 pricetag. Sorry."
,Not Recommended,290340,30928727,Posted: 3 April,all,Zer0,"As mentioned by many, the bugs ruin what is otherwise a great game.  They are unbelievble to be frank (game breaking in many cases).  Good example, sometimes the game won't even shut down.  Or the main logic loop will freeze up and the gameplay halts entirly.  For the technically inclined, this is likely due to bad IPC or multi-threading.  That's an educated guess, I did not spend time dissembling,However, great art and game design with gameplay that's very unique and a breath of fresh air.  But not one of those companies willing to own up to their downfalls.  Instead releasing new content (which costs extra, fyi).  This is coding 101.  Bugs first, everything else second.  But that mantra does not appear to exist here.Is the game good?  Absolutely.  Is it stable?  No.  And that will kill your otherwise fun gaming mood in a heartbeat.  If there ever was an abandonment or the code open sourced (unlikely IMHO) then they could easily be fixed.  Until then I would stay away.  I'd create a community patch but I would likely be met with hostility, where other companies would welcome it.Hats off to the game designers and artists.  Credit goes where it's due."
76561197980814599,Not Recommended,290340,26665129,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Soggy Bog Moggy,"Armello is a video game for folks who enjoy the pace and randomness of dice-based board games, and tend to play online with friends. It isn't for folks who enjoy the pace and skill-grind aspects of PvP video games, and tend to play online with strangers.I imagine most people don't sit down to spend an hour-plus playing a board game with random strangers in total silence. I imagine most people play board games with friends, and they chat while doing so. I imagine a four-friend team with an open Skype call is the ideal way to enjoy Armello. I wouldn't know, because only one of my video gaming friends bought it, and he stopped playing before I did.I gave Armello just over 40 hours, and stopped playing in late August. It was taking too long to find matches in the wee hours EST, or I'd find one, then fall asleep at the PC waiting for it to finish. I dropped into the forum recently to see what people were having issues with. It's the same as it was 3 months ago: length of games, multiplayer problems, lack of chat.I admire the aesthetic and ambience of Armello tremendously. I wish the gameplay were up to the same level."
,Recommended,290340,28096155,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Panic Route ™,"+ 500 Hours. High time I did a review for ‘Armello.’ Here goes.Armello(Lets keep this brief)Armello is an adventure-strategy board game. Follow four heroes as they race for the throne of Armello, ruled by a corrupted king. There are basically four victory options. Prestige victory: gaining prestige from completing quests(unless you fail), killing banes(unless your corrupted)and heroes. Spirit Stone victory: banish the corrupted king using four spirit stones which you’ve gained through quests and stone circles. And finally, Kingslayer and Rot victory are very similar, you have to kill the king via combat and survive, when trying for Rot, your Rot needs to be higher than the king's.(Just play the game, the mechanics are engaging and easy to pick up.)Gameplay+ 4 different clan containing heroes with unique abilities(Always increasing variety of heroes)+ Hex tile design+ Day/Night cycle+ Huge replayability(+ 500 Hours in fact)+ Four victory options+ Interactive turn-based system+ Cards+ Story-driven prologue – including the tutorial. Really easy to understand and explains the game mechanics.o Multiplayer(host leave may crash the game)o Luck and random number generator(can be frustrating at times)Based on the games originality, artistic design and the games narrative style, has kept me hooked to this game for so long. With heroes moving on hex based tile, and trying to get prestige, magic, coins or even rot sometimes. Quest to increase your hero’s stats, whether that be towards Fight, Body, Wits or Spirit, all depends on your game play. The amount of strategy within this game is huge which adds to the replayability of Armello.Multiplayer, create a party or lone wolf against other competitive players, you decide. Host quit? Don’t worry, the games mechanics are good against leavers or delaying players and the AI’s still oppose quite a challenge, although, when the host drops it might result to game crash, with constant up-dates, the developers are working hard and fast to resolve this.Visual+ Amazing art style+ Animations(Including the cards – nice touch)+ Dices- Few graphic glitchesArmello is visually stunning, and with the addition of the new seasons DLC, each season has its own glorious allures. Also combat animations with dice rolls are amazing, differing whether the dice explodes or not, also hit to the hero differs from a blocked attack. There are still some graphic glitches, but very rare and doesn’t usually affect the gameplay.Soundtrack+ Stylised+ Lisa Gerrard performance+ Changing accordingly to the atmosphereSoundtrack is very well created and composed. Songs are underlining the dark-fantasy atmosphere and whilst also creating a place of serenity. Lisa Gerrard participated during the composure of the sound track, her voice well known from Dead Can Dance or Gladiator suits melodies, really adds to the music’s ambience. The soundtrack is also released and made available to all, including the non-early-access players.Story Time!(It’simportantfun to role-play)In game chat is disabled, this eliminates the possibility of players encountering toxic or hateful language, as this game is designed to suit players of all ages. However, the use of chat emotes allows players to communicate, regardless of their language, and to fully immerse oneself into the world of Armello, whilst retaining the character’s demeanour and tone.Furthermore, the developers are receptive to new idea and suggestions on how to expand and improve the current chat tree.With a little creatively, the current chat emotes can be used to forge alliances, taunt your enemies or simply express your characters emotions.Narrator:With the addition of Usurpers, 3 heroes’ gazed dumbstruck towards the castle, as a seemingly out of place bear, continued to idle around the castle battlements. Confused? Perhaps the bear was bewildered by his good fortune, or perhaps he shared the other heroes’ sentiment.Elyssia:Ow! That. Ow.Magna:No! I can’t believe it!Elyssia:Speechless.Narrator:The heroes’ stared in disbelief as the bear continued to marvel at his new heritageSargon:Ill fortune.Fate is fluid. This is but a minor setback.Elyssia:Who’s fault was that?!(Elyssia snapped, accusingly)Narrator:Resentment and bitterness blossomed between those whom had lost the race to the throne, however, despite the squabbling, carried the distant cries and whoops of delight.Ghor:Woooooaaaaaahhhhhh……..As King, will I ‘have’ to live in the palace?.Magna:I don’t want to be part of this.(Magna concluded, hefting her shield)Until we meet again!……….. To be continued!This is only one potential outcome, How will you play?!? Would you play fair? Or team up to crush those who oppose your claim to the throne. Strategy or luck, you decide, but a good player will always ensure that the odds are in their favour. This is going to be dramatic.(*Popcorn at the ready!*)Take a Hint!Hero’s traits, rings and amulets are extremely important in determining your play style during early game. An experienced player will also take tile advantages/disadvantages into account, as well as, the Day and night cycle also brings an important aspect to the game. Never attempt fate if you can help it, luck is a risk and can be terribly frustrating. Minimise the risk and ensure you equip item cards which best server your play style and repeatedly burn your cards to ensure you have the hand you want, remember, each card has a unique symbol – sword/shield/rot/wyld/sun and moon, burn these cards during combat or perils to ensure the outcome is in your favour.Finally, be sure to watch an opponent’s move:(Cannot express how important this it!)Money and Magic usage:  Is a good indicator of the sort of perils your up against.States and Equipped items: Will help indicate whether you need to play aggressively or defensively.The community!(It’s worth a mention)The game is constantly going through bug fixes. The community is always kept up-to-date with patches and with any new additional content to the game. The developers are very friendly and receptive to any great ideas found though the Amello community, that be through steam, facebook, twitter, youtube, twitch or the forums. Members of the community also show no lack of passion, creativity and empathy. However, this is only maintained thought the developers zero tolerance to hatred and discrimination. Overall, the community is very welcoming, just be respectful and mindful of your opinions as it could potential be harmful to others.Diagnosis!Infection, query sepsis ?!, Potentially infectious.Refer these animals to their GP; for a prescription of antibiotics.(Penicillin, Amoxicillin + Fluoroquinolones)My overall rating for Armello: 9/10 – Would put the King out of his misery again!Also got my vote for ‘Steam Awards Nomination 2016’ – Keep up the good work!On a final note, are the DLC’s worth paying for? Yes they are, the developers have never asked for anything, with free up-dates and content being constantly added to game, this is a way for us to help show our support. Armello is a truly inspiring game, let’s not lose it."
76561198026448981,Not Recommended,290340,32291471,Posted: 9 June,all,Magic Cookie 54,"Can not reccomend this game or any other game by league of geeks. Was running absolutely fine for a long period of time and i played it semi regularly. Then they released the first major dlc, which i bought, and ever since then my game has crashed before even starting a new match. I have emailed tech support, sent game logs, crash logs and system specifications and they basically said 'we dont know' and stopped replying.Instead they just continue to pump out DLC and not bother to try and help people who have already bought the game. I try another email about once a month and have heard nothing for the past 5 months or so. Absolute money grab and can't recommend. Just a shame i cant get a refund on the DLC as have never been able to play a single turn with it."
76561198006934337,Not Recommended,290340,31211514,Posted: 17 April,all,Klauswitz,"Inability to reconnect is a game killer.Bought this game well after it came out and luckily there's still some people playing.  It's slow but enjoyable gameplay, with well done art, would be an easy recommend if the majority of games weren't cut short due to connectivity issues where players have no ability to rejoin the game they've sunk 40+ minutes into.  Several other games were ended by fatal crashes as well.Multiplayer is absolutely essential to this boardgame (there is no meaningful singleplayer), so the creators failed at the game's most important foundation.  Disappointing."
76561198047433282,Recommended,290340,16276964,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Hdawg,"I work retail at a board games + gifts shop and Armello captivated me right from the get go. With redwall-esque anthropomorphic animals, deadly rot vultures called Banes, and a solid board game behind it to boot; this game was a no brainer for me. But is it for you?Well, I've logged about 40+ hours in the first week of owning it and here is what to expect if you add it to your steam collection.It's a bit much to dive into if you have no previous experience with board games, but if Puerto Rico, Settlers of Catan, Power Grid, and Lords of Waterdeep are names that are familiar to you, then you shouldn't have any problem. There are currently 4 characters (with extras for the folks who kickstarted it) each with unique starting stats. Players will balance things like fighting skill to be able to beat other players/banes, wits to increase hand size and solve challenges, health to survive longer on the game board between turns, and spirit which dictates how many spells you can cast.You'll also be collecting gold, influence, and magic while also trying to limit the amount of rot or corruption you garner. Or will you...That's the best thing about Armello. The way to win in any given game isn't immediately obvious. In fact, there are 4 win conditions. There are turn cycles, day and night, and with each passing day the corrupted King at the center of the board grows weaker. So your options are 1: collect the most prestige points and hope he dies. 2: Collect 4 spirit stones and bring them to him to cure/exorcize the king 3: Fight him in battle and survive to claim the throne. 4: Purposely allow yourself to be corrupted by the Rot and obtain a Rot Victory. The last seems the hardest, but it gives each of the characters an interesting advantage over one another. Mercurio is great at scheming in the background stealing gold and settlements, but you can build him almost as bruisery as Thane, the wolf who is the pen ultimate of fighting.Each game can have random stuff set you back or catapult you forwards into the lead. And sometimes that can be frustrating because it's not necessarily through any great strategy of your own, or even an opponent doing something annoying. Then again sometimes it is. So I feel like any board game it tries to balance luck and randomness with solid player strategies and tactics. The communication at present is done through emotes alone and it's hard to really convey much to the other players. It certainly isn't the same as chatting with your friends around the game table, but it's still so damn fun without the option to chat. And the art/videos/concept is simply amazing.There is no single player campaign, so don't fool yourself into thinking this is anything but a board game. Now, it's still in early access and with the success of it who knows what they do next, but my assumption would be, more characters, new items, plot cards, perhaps new perils or monsters, eventually even new game boards or modes. But it's a board game in virtual form. Nothing more, nothing less. If that's your thing, then I hope to see you in a game soon. :)"
76561197993459419,Recommended,290340,16628727,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Entloch,"This game is a must-have for anybody that loves board games.  Armello features a different board each playthrough and randomly spawning evil and good mobs to help terrorize your opponents; these things make every run a unique experience.Due to the random nature of the game, I don't feel discouraged if I'm losing halfway through.  There are enough weapons, armor and followers to ensure my character at least has access to tools that'll turn a losing game into a winning one.I'm a huge fan of Talisman and Elder Sign: Omens.  A game of Armello can be played in under an hour, and there aren't any characters that can just roll over other characters by default (such as the Assassin in Talisman).  Although dice rolling can be brutal, there are plenty of ways in Armello to ""fix"" your dice results and improve your chances; the game rarely feels unfair (unlike Elder Sign, heh).Before purchasing this game, I did feel the price was a bit steep.  I'm glad to announce that I have no buyer's remorse; Armello is worth every penny."
,Recommended,290340,17900134,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,"Makooti, the Bionic Man","Armello is an enchanting boardgame about taking down a mad king before any of the other players can.The gameplay is pretty straightforward - go on quests, fight other players, avoid traps, and get to the king.Admittedly the gameplay is a little too random for my tastes, but while frustrating, I still find myself having a fantastic time playing with friends. I would compare it to Catan meets Risk. You can plan for the future, but dice rollswillscrew you over at some point or another.Other than that the sound, art, and gameplay are very well polished and well executed. Definitely feeling like Redwall meets Game of Thrones in that essence.Definitely a solid 4/5 stars."
,Not Recommended,290340,30685511,Posted: 23 March,all,B+,Buggy but a great game. Pushing paid DLC while their multiplayer bugs out and ruins 60 minutes of playtime is the only reason I can't reccomend this.Update: With the release of the Bandit clan this game has officially become pay to win. The Bandit Clan DLC is OP compared to all other characters/clans and you are at a disadvantage if you don't spend $10 on buying the Bandit Clan DLC. Shame such a beautiful and simplistic game is being ruined by the devs going for low work load-high reward dlc content while ignoring bugs and issues with the base game.
76561198029036486,Not Recommended,290340,31162505,Posted: 15 April,all,jahwoot,"I love playing this game, but about half the multiplayer games I play freeze close to the end of the game. Sooooo frustrating!!!!"
76561198041513567,Recommended,290340,14895869,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Yanna Usagi,"The game plays like a delightful combination of Settlers of Catan, Dungeons and Dragons: Wrath of Ashardalon, and my favorite multiplayer Wii game, Dokapon Kingdom. Armello is, however, superior to all of these because in this game, I can be a BUNNY."
76561198160433325,Recommended,290340,28532739,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,StolenMadWolf,"When I first saw Armello, I thought that with the old Disney style animations it would be aimed for a younger audience, and I didn't put much thought to it. I thought it wasn't my kind of game. Then I eventully bit the bullet and bought it.And damn, this is actually a remarkably good game.Armello is a board game set in the Kingdom of... well, Armello. You play as one of several animal heroes who are all vying for the throne of the kingdom. The King has gone mad with a disease called the Rot and when he dies, the most prestigous hero will become the next monach... unless someone kills him first.It's quite clear as you look deeper in that despite the Disney style animation and the colorful graphics, this is a much, much darker game than it seems at first glance. The events that take place in the game, along with the dialogue and info on the cards tells a mucher darker story than what you would expect in the lore.You can select upto eight heroes, one from each of the four animal clans, being wolf, rat, rabbit and bear with the vanilla game, though one additional DLC grants you four new heroes and there are four more as part of a new Bandit Clan on the way. Each of these heroes has different stats and a unqiue perk to start off with and you can mix and match different rings and amulets to change up how that hero handles in game.The gameplay itself is easy to learn but is remarkably complex. Four players take turns moving around the board, taking settlements, completing quests, dealing with the King's Guard and Bane NPCs, the perils and of course, the other Heroes themselves. There is a day and night cycle which changes the conditions on the board and makes some Heroes stronger than others. As you play through the game, you can complete quests which allow you to level up your characters stats as you go along.You have a selection of cards to pull out of three decks, Item, Magic and Trickery, which lets you equip items or you can use them with their varying affects. Such as damaging another character or putting on one of the perils on the board.All combat and peril solving is done with dice rolls, any cards you have equipped or effects that have been applied to you can alter how much attack or defence you have guarenteed or how many dice you have amongst other things. Dice in the game aren't just RNG either, they are physically rolled much like real dice, although this can be a small pain for lower spec   PCs.This mix of dice and card based gameplay allows for varied tactics and approaches which often vary depending on who you play as. You can either enhance your character's strengths or remove the weaknesses to balance the character out. Each board is different each time and it offers varying oppitunities to play your game in different ways, and with four different ways to win, each game can be quite different.Now, the only con I've noticed is one you can't really eliminate with this kind of game with dice and cards. Luck is a big thing. There is a good chance someone is going to get all the good cards at the right time or get through without a scratch and go on to dominate the game. Others might not get anything good at all and fall behind the curve. Since there is no comeback mechanic other than getting lucky, this could leave one player just dominating and another player just left to wonder around the board unable to challenge someone or deciding to quit.Or those damn card players who get all the attack cards and keep killing you before you get close or slowing you down. It's really frustrating.Likewise, luck can quickly change the tide of the game quickly and as the game begins to draw to a close you can feel the tension as you try and play your approach and hope your luck holds. It's a little bit annoying but it's also what makes the game catch your attention and keep you invested.Regardless, tactics and strategy still apply, which can carry you through a game. The games can be quite long though, easily coming upto an hour or more, so keep that in mind.The game has quite a few things in it, singleplayer and multiplayer is both around, you have a card collection to see all the well drawn and animated cards you have come across in the game. All the games you complete will also give to a chance to get a chest or a key, combining the both together can give you dice you can use in the game itself.Both singleplayer and multiplayer offer numerous options to change up the standard gameplay, which is a nice touch.Now, some content you have to buy, though none of it's pay to win and it's not ridculously priced whilst adding additional heroes and new map styles, so it's worth the extra dosh.All in all, Armello was an unexpected little gem, it's a bit rough around the edges but whetever you are a furry or not, this game is certainly worth your while, with additional content on it's way. It's definitely worth your time."
,Not Recommended,290340,29267808,Posted: 15 January,all,Cinnamon Bear,"I really want to like Armello, but I have to say it has a few very large flaws, including one that has inspired me to write this review.Simply put, it is a lengthy multiplayer game. A game can take about 2 hours to complete. Should anything happen to a player's connection, there is zero ability to reconnect. Which means if you are playing the game with friends, you may find yourself having to start over after investing over an hour in a game, or you have to finish the game against AI.As a single player game, its fun but ultimately limited. And the lack of any ability to deal with disconnections/reconnections is a dealbreaker for multiplayer games. If I'm going to spend the time in a match, I want to know that I- and my friends- will be able to finish it.There are technical issues as well- notably I couldn't get the purchased DLC to actually work. The game can be fun, but I can't recommend it."
76561198033131815,Not Recommended,290340,33851501,Posted: 28 July,all,Heffalord,"They put dirtly little microtransactions in a game that does NOT need them. The core gameplay gets repetetive but instead of spicing it up or adding a little variety, you can spend $2.99 to get a different set of dice. Sweet."
76561198259237736,Not Recommended,290340,29649111,Posted: 2 February,all,penumbria,"I wish there was a ""I am neutral to this game""-button on Steam, or a rating-system using numbers or stars or whatsoever. Because all in all - while I would lie if I'd say ""Oh no, I NEVER had any fun in playing Armello!"" there are a few things that spoil the fun.Armello makes a wonderful first impression. It is a board-game with cards and dices, unique heroes which you can equip with different rings and amulets to suit your playstyle. The first trailer is nicely done (the soundtrack to that trailer is also wonderful), and the the following trailers (Horrors and Heroes / Ursupers) are quite enjoyable as well. The setting is also interesting - reminds me of the Redwall-series (with the benefit that the rat-clan seems to be the intelligence network, but not necessarily the evil guys), and that there are actually different ways to win the game sounds also quite cool. Most of the card-illustrations are quite well done, too - even having a flavor-text (though it took me a little until I found that out).  I can see and feel that indeed a lot of love went into the concept of the game.The tutorial consists of four little chapters; each of these is played with one of the ""classic"" four heroes (Thane, Mercurio, Amber and Sana), and teaches you what you need to know to play the game. A little tweak could be made here: you have the ""Burn""-symbol for challenges and battles before the tutorial tells you what card-burning is. And unless the game told you what it is you cannot burn cards. I was a bit confused at the beginning, so I would recommend to make the burn-symbol invisible until the tutorial reaches that stage.Sadly one of the most enjoyable parts in the tutorial is NOT in the ""normal"" Armello-game. As your hero wanders the lands, goes dungeoneering and questing (s)he can recruit followers. In the tutorial those little rascals say a few lines here and there, sometimes to explain things, sometimes just to create atmosphere. Which is really cool. Unfortunately - in normal games only ""The Stranger"" talks.I am not saying that my followers should babble endlessly. But for instance if The Bard gives you the prestige for escaping from a peril he (or she?) could say something. For players who find that annoying - including an option to shut the followers off should not be that difficult.Also the theory that you can win the game by 4 different approaches sounds better in theory than in reality. For the Rot-Victory you need more luck than for any other approach. Yes, of course you can equip the Rot-Amulet (once you unlocked it, which might end in a grind, even if you unlock it by battling the A.I.). But whenever I tried to go for a rot-victory I usually was not lucky enough to get my paws on cards which gave me rot (not even with Sargon, though it's a bit easier with him). So I am usually trying to commit suicide on a Bane a few times in a row, hoping that no other player (or no king's guard) is killing the Bane until I am done with it.Most players will go for Combat- or Prestige-Victory. If you find yourself carrying 4 Spirit Stones you could as well walk around on a mine-field, because everybody is trying to keep you from getting to the King by any means necessary. Yes, that is part of the game. If I got my 4 spirit stones basically by accident (because they spawned in a circle where I was standing, or I went through a circle with one, because I needed to quest, or I got it via a dungeon) I found myself having decent gear often, so I could defend myself. If I tried to gather them deliberately I neglected quests which would have given me gear/followers, because I wanted to gather my spirit stones faster... but then I seldom made it to the palace anymore, because every other player could beat me.Do not get me wrong - I KNOW combat is part of the game, and I behave COMPLETELY like that, when I see others having 4 spirit stones in their pockets, too. But that does not make the last 5-10 minutes of a game less frustrating.I do not know if it's possible to ""balance"" the 4 ways of winning the game a little better. After all, for every approach there might be a hero suited a little better to do this and that, but so far it feels a little... ""meh"" to know that basically combat- and prestige victory are the easiest way to play the game, when there are 2 other options as well.The next thing that keeps me from enjoying Armello throughoutly has something to do with League of Geeks themselves. Yes, I know they are a small company. Yes, I know the market out there is worse than a shark-tank. I have been there myself, and - though in another field - I am still freelancing. I am not hitting at the infamous ""laying their eggs into too many baskets""-topic (at that point I think they just overdid themselves, and people do that at times), but the way they are talking to the community reminds me of companies such as Riot or Blizzard. Yes, they are having somewhat of a ""dialogue"", but to me it does not sound like a dialogue, instead it reminds me of parents patting their kid's shoulder after the kid told them how much (s)he got bullied, saying ""There, there, it's gonna be alright, we'll think of something"" - and then they give the kid a sugar-cane instead of actual help.(Yes, that's really not the best example, but the best I could come up with right now).The Bandit-Clan is screwing the community. About a year ago it was said the clan would be released in Spring 2016. Then it got delayed and delayed, until we got told they would come with the iOS-version of the game. This version, however, would not be released around Christmas-time because of the huge competition on the market. Fine with me. But that was the last thing we heard. If you ask you get the same answer over and over: ""Hold tight for news."" Last time I heard that was last summer when I tweeted on a patch something like: ""I hope it [] comes to GoG, soon, too"". Well, I know how that turned out. I heard rumours about the Clan being released on spring 2017, but maybe that is just wishful thinking.The biggest annoying thing for me, though, is the server-instability. I get kicked from a game so often, and often enough when it's almost finished. Especially with the new amulett that you can only unlock once you reach player-level 10 it's one hell of a grind.So yeah, while I DO have some nice time with Armello, and I simply love playing games where I can feel all the love and effort that went into a game from the very scratch, I would recommend Armello only to people with a high tolerance to frustration (because it IS frustrating when you spend 40 minutes in a game and you achieved nothing, because the game just crashes).Still I have high hopes that the problems will get solved in the future, and I wish LoG still all the best."
,Recommended,290340,35060654,Posted: 19 September,all,Triton,"I have reviewed Armello once before in the past.  However, that was not long after getting Armello and before I put a great deal more time into the game.  I’ve played more than 50 hours of Armello now and I feel that my views would help people decide about this game.Most of the reviews I have read here on Steam for Armello are from players with less than 10 hours of play.  Considering the tutorial takes an hour or so and then the matching up of internet games does take a while, you are forced to wonder how many actual full games of Armello these people have played.  True, first impressions are often interesting to read but I am seeing many sweeping comments made by people who have not had time to learn the truth.  I hope to correct that here.Armello is a digital board game with very strong and balanced mechanics.  You will see people claim this is broken or that doesn’t work but the truth is they haven’t played long enough to really understand the mechanics.   Armello is easy to get started on but has so many layers to it that strategy can become very complex indeed.  There is only a minor progression system so long time players are not heavily advantaged over new ones except in one regard: experience.  By this I mean that these players have seen more of the cards, skill combinations and tactics than other players usually because they have been the victim of them at some point.  You cannot play 100 hours of Armello and be so “geared up” that you cannot be beaten.  However, if you learned a lot in that 100 hours, you can be a force to be reckoned with.People will often tell you that the DLC characters are “OP” or “pay to win”.  This is simply not true.  I have played most of my hours with the base game only and I win regularly.  The disadvantage of not having the DLC is that you learn about the other characters and their abilities through contact with people that do have the DLC.  There is no other way to practice.  Anyone who declares the DLC as “pay to win” but has less than 10-20 hours game time has probably never faced the same character often enough to work out a counter strategy.  This is a bad player not a bad game.Armello is visually stunning.  The characters, game board, dice and cards set the scene and tone of the game perfectly.  There is a feature that you cannot view cards that you have never drawn/seen in a game.  This means to be fully familiar with the game you must play.  No sitting down and theory crafting before you even start.  It also means that you can be totally caught off guard by something you have never seen before.  While most characters are geared for two of the possible victory options out of the four, you need to be highly adaptable and realise when you need to change strategies.  The claim that all games end in a Prestige Victory is usually a result of players not fully comprehending the time limit on the game.  You cannot sit around.  The game has a limited number of turns.  You must press your agenda.  Messing with other characters should never be at the cost of your own progress.I would highly recommend playing Armello to anyone who enjoys deep strategy games.  However, I also recommend you put some time into it.  You are not going to be truly skilled at the game with less than 20-30 hours of game play.  Don’t shy aware from facing experienced opponents either in multiplayer match ups.  When they beat you, they will be revealing their tricks and secrets to do it.  Snap up those morsels and trash the next guy with them.As mentioned before, you can still be competitive with just the base game and no DLC.  You will just have to carefully study the new characters and their abilities when you see them.  You won’t get to practice against them outside of multiplayer matches.I still rate Armello as one of the best digital board games I have ever played.  You will keep coming back to it and a game often takes less than 90 minutes to finish.  It can take up to four players but the AI is challenging enough that they won’t ruin a game."
,Recommended,290340,22997645,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Yang738,"There is about two things that annoy me on negative reviews here. And that's complaining about the game being ""too random"" and ""long wait times"". Guys, seriously. Have you ever played a Board game? I don't think so.Also, unlike other Board games you actually CAN DO stuff while the other's are at turn. You can manipulate the enemy with your cards, you can set traps to avoid enemys approaching you or their goals. You can study their inventory and their goals.Rethink your strategy if someone is much further ahead of you with the same strategy.All these things you can do while the other's are at turn. And I think it gives this game a more strategic element that you think.Games are about luck as soon as there are dices or cards in it. Have you ever complained about Yathzee or any card game being a stupid boring game because you have to be lucky? Then it's just not for you.Overall I think this game is really fun, even with just a 25% win chance (because only 1 of 4 players will win)These negative reviews are mostly by people who are afraid of losing.I know this isn't a real review about this game but there are plenty of good reviews out there already so it won't matter."
76561197973212819,Recommended,290340,17889217,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,chronomodra,"Armello is a fun, addictive online board game for up to four players.  My friends and I have been playing it since it came out, pretty much non-stop.  And while we may scream in anguish after a particularly unlucky die roll, we always end up coming back for more.  An extremely tight and polished game.Pros:-Authentic Board Game Experience-Incredibly addictive-Beautiful Artistic Style-Four paths to victory, giving options for each player to always have *some* chance of pulling out a win, even if it's from someone else failing at the last moment-Multiple character types with unique traits and starting stats-Three card types (Items, spells, tricks) that work very differently to achieve the same goals, allowing for more diverse strategies-Dozens of unlockables with additional unique traits-Easy-to-set-up multiplayer, especially with friends-Relatively short but satisfying games (30-45 mins single player, 60-90 multiplayer)-Excellent tutorialCons:-A fair amount of luck involved, some of which can be significant enough to foil the most well-thought-out strategies-Can get heated in multiplayer, when someone chooses to attack/interfere with another player unprovoked-The random terrain might slant the game for/against certain people from the start-A lot of (often random) events can provoke excess frustration, such as getting a teleport/bane from a ruin, having wandering guards/banes move into your path, being hurt by the daily declaration, etc.-Getting across the map (usually to reach your quests) can feel painfully slow-One victory path (Rot) significantly more difficult and luck-based than the others-All followers and treasures (ie, the best gear) can only be attained through ruins and quest bonuses, and both of these are entirely luck based.  This can lead to gear disparity between players based on what are essentially coin flips.-No way to get back in after a multiplayer disconnect (though an AI will take over for you)-Some finicky, non-obvious rules are not covered by the tutorial, especially when it comes to gaining/losing influence and rot-Like most board games, will eventually get repetitive"
,Recommended,290340,29280272,Posted: 15 January,all,paramourn,"This game is like crack. Highly addictive. If you're a fan of board/card games, you'll enjoy this. The splash of RPG is a wonderful additive. It's cutesy (squee, animals!), the artwork is beautiful and the gameplay has been smooth. I love the difference between the characters, and the many ways to win the game. Just finished a spirit stone victory, and greatly enjoyed maneuvering my way to the castle as quickly as possible before the king died to rot. So far, I have only played with friends, and we are having such a blast we haven't tried the online multiplayer, so I can't give feedback on that gameplay. I know we'll get many hours out of this, and I hope to see more content added! I've already racked up 9 hours in one day of owning this game. Worth the money."
,Recommended,290340,17874155,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Zur-Thurn,"I am somewhat getting addicted to this game slowly. Out of all of the games i own, Armello is the only other game besides the Fallout series to get me to go in depth into it. The concept is very great, simple to grasp gameplay (learn how to play in roughly 5-20 mins) is awesome, every game you play is totally different than the one your friend will play. The list goes on for this game, but just like a lot of games they do have some drawbacks. For example there is no custom characters for yourself, though it be great to see it in the future to have a custom character that you can make (only one) and see him/her progress in the game.Though the only other thing that i see as another downside is the map size. The map size never changes, it is great that it is like smallworld where the tiles changes every game, but there should be at least one or two different map sizes other than one. Because game map size is somewhat small for me, and at least they should offer a bigger mapsize too for people, like me, who like extra long games.Thanks for reading my review, though all my reviews are not as detailed and pretty as some, i do try to give you all my own thoughts of the game to help your decision to buy a game or not. This game gets a 9/10 in my book, and i do highly recommend this game to anyone who like GOT (game of thrones), Table Top Games like Small world, or anything that is RPG related. To devlopers of this game, you guys did a very good job with this game and for that i am glad to play Armello."
76561198049350749,Not Recommended,290340,24360202,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Skirlasvoud,"For the artwork, atmosphere, music and writing I would wholeheartedly reccomend this one. The way the game's systems are designed, speak to the imagination, requiring dedication to a theme and they are presented in a way that is exciting and satisfying. Things like day/night and your character's purity/corruption, cause great differences in mechanics. The world has enough character and colour for you to believe there's an entire world of wonders out there to discover and indeed there are amazing details and happenings to be stumbled upon in the forests and in the mountains. The way a stoic guard dog's tail wags when he defeats someone brings a smile to your face. Armello is a wonderful, intriguing world to visit. Since I'm a sucker for such things, I'm happy with my purchase and getting my money's worth.However, as a game and compared to other boardgame, it has shortcomings that obligate me to give it a thumbs down and leave a few warnings.Part of the problem is that this is a very short game, the standard ruleset used for sittings that count for achievements and multiplayer, shorter than 9 full turns (counting both day and night cycles, as you'll only get new magic points and cards after a single day). That alone isn't enough of a flaw. I'm fine with quick, satisfying games that don't take a lot of time.There is also quite a bit of random luck involved. Certain events are incredibly rare, certain quests only carry certain rewards at random and the spawn points of certain mobs and objects are hit and miss. This alone, isn't a fatal flaw either, as I'm fine with the luck of the draw if at any moment, fortunes can turn with good RNG.However, the combination of short game WITH a lot of luck involved, coupled with victory condition that require a solid fall-through, is a definite flaw. Luck and Randomness can only give players a balanced experience when given enough time, which Armello doesn't allow for. The result is that you'll need to make the best of your starting cards, location and quest and that the likely victory condition out of 4 (and most of these condition pretty much exclude the others) is already apparent from the first few turns. You need to follow through quickly, or lose the game before turn 3. There's no writing your hero's story, thinking on your feet or realistically hoping out for late stage game changers. The gameplay design messes with the game's ability to tell a story and your ability to create one.Want to go for the ""dark ending"" by corrupting your sneaky rodent character? Not likely when you're not getting any corruption cards and Banes spawn too far away.Want to heal the kingdom by gathering spirit stones as the bear priestess? Not so when all your Spirit stone quests just so happen to fall in statistics that you're low in, or all the naturally occuring stones fall in the wrong hands.Prestige and Kingslayer victories then become the most likely options, but the both of them are so reliant on combat skill that it leaves half the game's potential superfluous. The best of the people on multiplayer can carefully min/max their way towards consistent victory, but this sort of ratrace seems oddly incongruent with how Armello presents itself.All of this is hallmarked by me avoiding multiplayer competition somewhat and just wanting to do all the single-player achievements to see all that the world has to offer, but constantly restarting the game while doing so in the idle hope that this time, the game gives me what I require to properly progress on my chosen path or see the things I want to see.Again, reccomended for the atmosphere and storytelling should lady luck allow it, not so much as a smooth, flexible game.EDIT: After a small discussion with one of the game's developers below, I'd like to humbly propose Gremlins Inc. as a game that - despite being a looker but not nearly possessing Armello's art direction - also has karma, money and politics mechanics, but is as a boardgame, far better and more closely designed around revelling in RNG and making positive use of it. When going for victory, especially in multiplayer, Armello's RNG either keeps you on the track to victory or pushes you off it permanently, facillitating the kind of anguished min/maxing that goes - in my opinion - against the game's atmosphere. Gremlins Inc.'s sense of universal chaos is shared much more evenly, creating equality, and its cutthroat setting makes it a better competitive title in both body and heart."
,Recommended,290340,17921693,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Funyarinpa,"After being in both the early access and experiencing the first week of the ful release, I like to think I understand Armello a bit. It is fun, but feel somewhat poorly tuned. Lets start with the bad:- There are four victory methods, but one seems entirely based on luck (Spirit Stones) and the other feels as if you are attempting to push a boulder up a mountain with a toothpick (Rot).- The stats of the characters seem as if they were intended to be ""balanced"" but fall short of the mark. Some characters have inordinately amounts of advantage compared to others. If you intend on attempting a Rot or King kill victory with a character like Sana, you are in for a bad time. Whereas characters like Thane seem excellently tuned, and capable of Prestige, Fight, Rot, and Spirit Stone victories due to their natural ability to fight other characters.- Most of the game feels random. Cards you draw and dice rolls create a frustrating sense of the need for luck, despite your best laid plans and strategies. Cards seem to appear in poor ratios, with common useless cards getting stuck in your hand because you cannot burn them off on perils or battles.Now the good, and honestly, this does make up for the bad on most days:- It is EXCEEDINGLY beautiful. The characters all are colorful and interesting, the map gorgeous, and the card art is superb.- The music is relaxing and engaging, which is helpful while waiting for your turn. It was a pleasure to hear that early access players would receive the soundtrack for free, and I find myself listening to it frequently.- The varied methods of victory make an interesting game. Not everyone is always going for the same goal, and there are different reasons that a character may fight another. Maybe they need to get to a quest, or can see your quest and want to prevent you from getting to it.All in all, it is a joy to play, but it does not feel entirely complete. I hope to see more from the development team, and I would be more than happy to see DLC for this game. 7/10"
76561197979467906,Not Recommended,290340,28610804,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Atthellio,I really enjoyed playing this game for a year now.But when i saw when developers made dice marketable and tradable.And soon after they added stupid chests and keys like CSGO i have notice that people start to farm these.Due to that players started rushing throw out that the game to collect them fast as possible.That pretty much is ruining the games now.And now a lot when there new chests added in to the game.they haven't done anything against these players this problem continues be warned.One of the good and bad things about the game is there it's available on multiple platforms for example you can buy it from the PlayStation Store.And you can play against players if you play from PC.But the bad thing is if you want play the game on a different platform it means you have to pay for the same game twice I'm not against it.But the problem is that you have to buy all the DLC's that you already have from another platform.New heroes that are added into the game are not free you have to pay for the usurper pack to gain four Heroes.I suspect also future content that you would have to pay forFor a buy to play game it is too pricey and you will have to pay each new content and heroes been added in to the game i would recommend other board games like Catan.
76561197960510565,Not Recommended,290340,22853649,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,HitokiriR66Y,"A beautiful game ruined by excessive RNG.  It feels as though every strategy is trumped by die rolls, random map resource spawn, and card draw.    Yes, you can try to sway the values in your favor, but these seem to be gentle nudges to the odds, with significant resources often spent for no actual gain.  In the end, every game I lost felt less ""I made a critical mistake"" and more ""the cards/dice/etc. just refused to fall in my favor"" and my victories were also less satisfactory as a result.All that said, this is a gorgeous game that I liked thematically.  If the HEAVY reliance on RNG doesn't turn you off, then you may find it much more enjoyment here than I.  If, like myself, you need more of a sense of agency in a game, I would give this one a pass."
76561198067330202,Not Recommended,290340,31434592,Posted: 29 April,all,InsaneSeishiro,"I like the game, I really do! It has great graphics and the way you play the game changes with each character you can play! Sure it has some problems, like long downtimes during the other players turns, or a huuuge luck factor, dependant on your staringhand of cards(a redrawfunction would be greatly appriciated). Yet I still enjoy and play the game.Why the negative review then? Simple: IT DOESN'T HAVE A WAY TO RECONNECT!!! A game of armello takes a while, not as long as many physical boardgames, but still a while, depending on how fast each player takes his turns. If a player has a disconnect at any point during that game, he is just out! He simply gets replaced by AI, which will play his character until the end of the game, with no chance for the original player to play again, which is a HUGE problem in a game that DCs players quite frequently! If they ever change that, I will gladly change my review but as long as this problem exists, I can't recommend this game in good faith."
76561198105366654,Recommended,290340,17821202,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,ProfessorTr0N,"I love it. At first i was struggling to get the core concepts of the game. I thought man this feels rigged but then i realized i was the one that sucked... and needed to learn how to play. Its a great game that i really, really, reaaly wished that there was local play in it. Since it run perfectly (better then hearthstone) on my surface pro 3 i7 it would be cool if i could set up a local game and just pass around the tablet when its the other players turn. guess i should post this suggestion on the forums or somethin. Anyways besides that its a great game. Get it. Friend request me. Then play it with me."
,Recommended,290340,17839728,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Daedalo,"I wish many of the early release games ended like Armello, I have buyed some of this games and most of the time I have ended feeling disappointed of the final release (Planetary A recently) or plainly cheated (Godus breaked my heart), but Armello was a different history, I fell in love just by seeing the early art concept and videos, I purchased the early access for that... and... wow... Armello never stopped getting better while being developed, and the final release felt complete and well done, I concur that a hotseat option would be great, but the single player and multiplayer are already quite fun, really hard but quite rewarding even when you lose.This guys promised and really delivered, this was money well spent for me, I hope this game turn into the success this guys deserve."
76561198028818685,Recommended,290340,17921690,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,KANDANG,"<the Good>GraphicsMusicGame mechanics<the Bad>No option to speed A.I turn order / animation when playing against 3 A.I'sNeeds a reconnect option for people who disconnect while playing multiplayer gamesHard to find multiplayer games - Currently small multiplayer base, more people need to know about this game!<the Ugly>No penalty for Public Game Leavers* Looking forward to Ranking Mode, more Heroes to play and more customizable dice / skins / in-game modes / options."
,Recommended,290340,29451470,Posted: 23 January,all,AbaddonDrums,"To be honest, I have mixed feelings about this game. This is one of those games for which ""neutral"" opinion is perfect. So, what Armello is all about?It's a mixture of a board game, card game and strategy wrapped in gorgeous graphics and very nice soundtrack. Audio-visuals are very good and immersive. It feels like a fairy tale, every character is unique, likeable, and has a very cool design. Atmosphere is warm, nice, and calm... under one condition, and that is, if You have luck on Your side. Because this game can turn from a family friendly game to a table flipping rage fest. Why? Answer is simple, and to many people it's a turning point in buying a game or not. RNG! This game is so filled with randomness that sometimes You will feel You have no control over what's happening on the board.-Card picking at the beginning of each turn? Kinda random, except in one case if You have Usurpers DLC. One character can see what cards he's choosing.-Quests locations? Random. And the game is programmed that every time You complete one quest, next quest starts at the opposite side of the map/board.-Villages, main source of income for Your equipment? Random. So, it can happen that one person can have two villages nearby his clan grounds while another player has none and has to walk further to intercept it.-Exploring dungeons? Random. While exploring You can get many different outcomes, like finding gold/treasures, recruiting companions or The Stranger, spawning a wraith or even being teleported to another dungeon. The annoying part is that it isn't being determined by any factor at all, You just have to be lucky to get what You want.-And now the worst part. Battles with another players or npc's (knights and the king) are based on throwing dices, and although it's understandable it is random (since in real life throwing a dice is also random obviously) it presents a very, very nasty problem. The outcome of the fight isn't determined by Your playing skills but by sheer luck and the amount of dices You hold. The amount of dices depends on Your battle stat but even so there will be times when You're overpowered, having 7 or more dices and You still lose because RNG ""decided"" that You will roll 6 Rots and 1 Sword while Your opponents will roll 3 Wylds which gives them 3 additional rolls... and that can lead to another Wylds, and so on until You end up getting rekt. This can be very frustrating, to the point where You just quit the game. I would rather see some other mechanic that involves You as an active player more. You can burn Your cards to force symbols to appear, but that doesn't help much. At least not in my case.But despite all these flaws and rage inducing moments, I still enjoy this game for the most part. It may be because I am a calm person in general, but I can see how some other players will hate this type of gameplay. I wouldn't give this game a negative review, but positive one is also a little bit of a stretch, because that depends heavily on what kind of a player You are. If You are a rage quitter, You won't like this. But, if You're chill and aren't taking games that seriously, You can definitely enjoy Armello."
76561198125126445,Recommended,290340,26377932,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Dr. Troy Nelson M.D.,"underrated. the weaving of strategy and rpg elements is done very well, the art is amazing, and the gameplay is fun! there are multiple ways to win and each of the characters available offers small enough variations to remain distinct from each other while maintaining the fact that everyone is playing the same game on a level playing-field.my only gripe is the fact that it takes a while to have all of the characters, including the AI characters, take their turn before i get to take mine again.you can hit the '.' key to speed up to 2x speed after your first game but when you have a board full of banes and knights and people it can take a while :)still, this game hit the spot for me."
76561197994989169,Not Recommended,290340,30421527,Posted: 9 March,all,Groan Man,"this game is fun! I really like it.The problem is that it is waaayyyyy tooo buggy. I've encountered numerous match ruining bugs that will occasionally happen after 60+ minutes of the game that force me to abandon play.I'm writing this in a rage after the game freezing near the end of a particularly long game, a game that i would have won by the way.Also, wtf is with these 9 dollar skins?!TLDR;  fun game, just be ready to experience ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bugs that make you not want to play for a week until you've cooled off."
76561198036169117,Not Recommended,290340,31159618,Posted: 15 April,all,Robin,"So I wont be saying much new here, but at least its worth having the key points reiterated:- Fun idea for a game, major problems with connectivity, pacing and sociability.Basically you get a board game thats interesting to play and varied enough that luck and tactics are well-balanced for fun, but its like going to a party where at any point you or your copartiers will be pulled out by a bungee rope and not allowed to return, and you'll be replaced by a Stepford party-goer. (i.e. if you lose connectivity, you're gone for good. No returning to the last 5 minutes of a game you were about to win).Also you have to wait for ages for everyone else to take their turn, requiring just enough concentration that reading a book is not possible, but not so much concentration that its engaging or challenging to follow.2/5. There's better things out there for sure."
76561198050695139,Not Recommended,290340,29548271,Posted: 28 January,all,Scionfall,"Pros:Great graphics and art directionCons:Music is a bit basic, not that you need much here but it would be nice if they didn't just phone it in.AI seems fine until they decide to challenge the King with only 2 health thus handing the game over to the Prestiege Leader.The biggest con: Almost entirely luck based. While there are a few decisions to be made nearly everything in this game revolves around luck. From the cards you begin the game with to every challenge in the game. While you can do things to increase the odds in your favor such as focusing on a stat the sad reality is that it all comes down to luck so even that is no guarantee you'll win a crucial contest.If you're the kind of boardgamer that enjoys an hour game of <insert random luck-based american game that you played when you were a kid here> then this game is for you. But if you prefer a game with a bit more strategy then I suggest looking elsewhere."
76561198219988685,Recommended,290340,18376580,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Authority Hound,"This is a beautiful game, graphically and mechanically. Armello mish-mashes several things I enjoy playing: card-based games, strategy, and tactics. This isn't just a ""beat your opponent to the King and layeth down the smack"", it's got far more depth than that. The methods of winning the game are part of the draw here: individual play styles can shine and are rewarded for the effort. Pacing your gameplay will depend on your play style.Artistically, the game draws me back to the worlds created by Richard Adams in Watership Down and The Plague Dogs, and the Redwall stories of Brian Jacques, all of which I enjoyed in my youth and still enjoy now. I actually like the disconnect from human-rendered characters as animals can offer similar, but much more mystical histories. As far as the story goes, there's not much more than a few simple bases: you're part of one of the four animal clans, you're attempting to dethrone the King, and each character has a special skill that can be used to essentially envision them within your own imagination. I like games that allow me to sort of ""flesh out"" a character for myself rather than having some contrived backstory forced on me, it makes each game more interesting and kind of intense as you're able to invent something for your character to be working toward upon taking the throne.Cons, I suppose, would be some of the things that I consider pros. Not everyone enjoys turn-based games, and waiting for the King's guard and the Bane to take their turns can become tedious (especially if there are a large number of them on the map), and not everyone enjoys card-based gameplay. However, if you don't like turn-based and card-based games, this one shouldn't even be on your radar. Luck is also part and parcel to this game, as it is with any dice-roll game, and if you don't like raw deals from Lady RNG, stay away; stay far, far away.One of the pros that I particularly enjoy is that each game can't just ""drag out""; the King has diminishing health and will eventually just keel over, ending the game whether anyone's breached the palace or not (no, you cannot heal the King other than one specific means). This keeps it from becoming stale, and since there's that added sort of time limit, it encourages progressive gameplay techniques that are learned from playing the game and understanding its tactics more.Another pro is the ""chat"" system in multiplayer games. There is no ""press-enter-to-type"" chat function, rather a series of basic dialogues available through the chat tab (like Hearthstone). I've long disliked chat systems in most competitive multiplayer because it seems like some people spend more time ""chatting"" (rather, trolling or raging) than they do actually playing the game. In the future, I hope that this minimalistic ""chat"" function is not replaced by a press-enter-to-type system; personally, I feel that it would hinder more than accentuate multiplayer. So far, the only basic way for someone to rage out and quit a match is to simply leave the game. I like this, I don't need someone's vitriol about being behind or ganged upon clogging up my screen. So, if a dev ever happens upon this review, please know that at least one fan of the game likes the ""chat"" system as it is; it keeps things far more civil in game.In all, Armello has an aesthetic that will either appeal or dissuade players in its art style, mechanics, and gameplay. It's easy to sink several hours into this game without noticing (or sometimes caring) that time has passed."
,Recommended,290340,17841342,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Ranbouk,"It's been a while since I took my time to write a review.This game is different.As soon as I saw the trailer and the pictures, I could not believe it. It was everything I looked for in a game.It has clever combat, an amazing backstory, good mechanics to it and I don't get sick of it.Although, as time of writing, the player pool is small (probably due to the gigantic shadow of MGS5 and Mad Max) it has enough players to form games.This game is absolutely amazing.I have played many good games in my life, the likes of Demon Souls and Civilization 4, and I can say this one found a place amongst them.A polished, well thought, well written, 10/10 game."
,Recommended,290340,18128481,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,The Old Wolf,"Honor and courage. Trickery and deceit. Adventure and quests. Armello is a multiplayer strategy game that embraces several different styles of play and has a colorful cast of characters to choose from. With four different paths to victory, every game is challenging and requires you to pay close attention to your enemies each turn, and each game will be different. When I first read about the game, I thought it would be fun and interesting, but I didn't expect it to be so addictive! Reminds me a bit of Game of Thrones, but with anthropomorphised animals instead of Sean Bean. Whether you want to play versus the AI or with friends, Armello is worth the $20, and the community is friendly and helpful. I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys strategy board games. A+, 10/10."
76561198035742939,Recommended,290340,30069641,Posted: 20 February,all,Serx,"I had mixed feelings when starting Armello.  However I am a big board game fan. That tag got me interested in Armello.However I was rather concerned by the fact that it never was a real board game.  In the board game world that is the equivalent of a strait to DVD release.  They tend to be kind of poorly done.  I purchased this intending to use steam refund.However the game is one of the better games in the non-RPG adventuring genre.Like most games in that genre there is a ton of dice.  However Armello, unlike most, give a player a choice in what they want to do, instead of mandating go here fight this, etc.  It provides a variety of things to do and avoids a grind.But were Armello really shows its glory is the card play.  The game has great hand management.  There is definitely some tactics to when and how you play your cards. I even found myself debating if I should wait for optimal use or just play the card to get another draw.The game is competitive and does it correctly.  Most let you either just race or perhaps slow your opponents down.  In Armello you can actually hurt your opponents, but never remove them from the game.The theme for Armello is fine and I like the graphics.Now for the weakness --The game requires you keep track of the other players (at least to play on the top level). However what a player is doing is sometimes done so fast that if you blink you'd miss it.  Other times another players turn can be painfully long while you mostly sit there.  The game needs to speed its turns but also keep a log or make it easy to see what they did.In conclusion. This is a good game.  It is relaxing and crafted with a professionalism you do not normally see in this style of computer board game.  Solid graphic, solid game play with a solid recommendation.  Although sometime I wonder if my opinion is inflated due to low expectations."
,Recommended,290340,14137590,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Sakkano,"First off, I'm quite pleased for a game that breaks the archtypes of animals, meaning that a rat isn't necessarily a bad or evil character. Really, it seems that YOU are the one who determines the alignment of four characters, a Thane (wolf), Sana (bear), Amber (rabbit), and Mercurio (rat). Each character is trying to become the next lord of Armello, and it can be done with intrigue, murder, or muscle.The game is a card/board/dice game so each play is different. Cards can be used to make your ascension easier, or more difficult on your rivals. And all the while Banes, something like a corruption elemental, are spawning and wreaking havoc on the land while dungeons are ripe for exploration. Declarations can be used to make thing easier on you, harder on others, or just a touch of randomness when nothing else is beneficial.This is one of the most unique games I have played and I enjoyed it, it's easy ot learn and isn't a game that is all to lengthy in play. You can play alone with computer players, or you can get some friends together and compete for the throne in multiplayer."
76561198196191187,Recommended,290340,34442122,Posted: 23 August,all,brandonprezi1,"This game is simply amazing. The visuals make everything shine. The combat system is easy to pickup yet difficult to master.  The only thing I would not recommend about this game is the in-game shop which just sells character skins and reskinned dice, I have yet to buy the DLC but this game is fun to play against AI or against your friends. 9 out 10 would buy again."
76561197999631984,Recommended,290340,28810511,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Jazzy,"Armello is one of those games that makes me think I'm sitting around the table playing board games with friends in college again. The game seems to follow the age old quip of ""Easy to play, hard to master"" as there are so many different strategies revolving around all of the different characters and win conditions.The first few games were easily played with a friend as we both learned the ins and outs of the game. With four different kinds of victories capable, I have come to find that the Prestige victory is one of the easiest to obtain if you play your cards right (pun intended). The Rot victory is one of those victories where you can't start a game and go, ""I'm going to go for the Rot victory right off the bat.""I know this review doesn't help in terms of convincing you to buy the game, but it's just a few minor thoughts. The DLC is well worth the price, the game is fun to play alone, with friends, or even online. The lack of a chat function is kind of disaapointing, but I suppose it's like Hearthstone in that it does help avoid all of the toxicity filling today's games.Grab Armello, grab a drink, and get ready to feel the nostalgia of board game night!"
76561198009627017,Recommended,290340,18000358,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Deacon,"Great concept, great art, overral great game. Just wish the map size or game length could be changed, and more heroes or clans to choose from."
,Recommended,290340,23319173,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Zulium,"Never reviewed a game before but here goes:This game is amazing.If you love strategy, luck, entrigue, and also fluffy characters with a rich lore, superb artsyle and good music, I cannot suggest this game hard enough.It's very easy to pick up and understand the basics, but even with that, it's oh so hard to master and win every game.It's perfect to play with a group of friends, like an online boardgame. Or if you're more cutthroat, an amazing way to screw over other players and drag them into dread.With more DLC on the horizon and an active commuinty already brewing, what\'s stopping you from stepping into the realm of Armello and claiming the crown for your own?!"
,Recommended,290340,17851694,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Pinstar,"The TL;DR version: It's Redwall Mixed with Game of Thrones in electronic boardgame format and is exactly as awesome as that sounds. Buy it!The Proper version:Armello is a strategy game that blends both strategic, tactical and luck based mechanics into a very well-polished package. Your typical game lasts about an hour (Longer for Multiplayer) and has you in a race for the crown. During each game you compete with both your opponents and AI controlled entites like Banes and Castle Guards to progress to one of four victory types.The variety of characters (8 in total as of launch) ...each with their own unique starting stats and special abilities and the variety of victory types (4 in total) means that every game plays out differently, especially since the map is randomly generated every game. Even when playing the same character, you might find that the terrain and early game events might make one type of victory better than another.The main victory in the game is a Prestige victory. This follows your standard victory point progression like other board games. The other three victory types are ways for players who are behind to ""Steal"" the win from the prestige leader. This is good as even if you fall WAY behind, you are still able to claim victory, yet it isn't unfair to the prestige leader as the prestige victory is the lowest-risk victory, and players trying to 'steal' it from you must take a riskier and more difficult path. It also means that a game isn't won or lost until the final turn, so every player is still engaged even if someone takes a very early prestige lead.The Single Player AI is competent, most of the time. However, the true challenge and fun comes from multiplayer games. With ranked multiplayer coming in 1.1, this could absolutely be a good game to play against other people. And while there is still luck involved, more skilled players can pull off wins much more readily than novice players... thus demonstrating that skill and strategy play a signifigant portion in how well you do and that luck is merely *a* factor, not *the* factor in determining how well you do.The price point is spot on and worth every dollar. If you compare it to a physical board game of the same scope, complexity and nature, this is about 1/3 the price that a physical board game would run you, and is a lot easier to setup and play than one. Even if you aren't a big computer game fan, if you love board games like Agricola, Carcaconne, Settler's of Cattan and the like, you'll love this game.In all, highly reccomended!"
,Recommended,290340,29266898,Posted: 14 January,all,DocVenture,"Have only played Singleplayer so far against AI but its been great.The enviroment of this game alone makes it a must have. Disney like characters and a very detailed map with Cards that have amazing artwork.Different victorys, multiple people to play each with unique traits, various items like rings and amulets that add different stats all add to this games replay value.If your the type that likes theorycrafting and having a ton of ways to approach victory this is deffinitly a game for you!The board itself is fairly small and the king slowly dieing does add a little feeling of being rushed at first. But once i got the hang of it i really started to enjoy it.The games actually can take a fair amount of time and you have ample time to play out your strategys and explore the map. Ive already got 7.5 hours played and i havent even entered Multiplayer. I am the type of person who likes to know as much as i can before entering a PVP situation(Years of theorycrafting for WoW :D) and this game is actually taking some time to learn all the ins and outs. Honestly i still feel like a noob! Very fun haha.You cannot receive any chests/keys in singleplayer. They give skins to dice which are purely cosmetic so not really an issue. Just a nice long term goal for some people to look fowards to. I honestly am pretty excited to start multiplayer and face some real challenge!I bought this game 100% for Singleplayer though, full price and bought the usurpers DLC(the one with the 4 new people)and deffinitly say i got my moneys worth.And all the hate against the DLC and microtransactions is the same old typical hate you find on every game with it. They arent gamebreaking in anyway and most are cosmetic. Deffinitly giving this game a 10/10!!!Update: Have now dumped 20+ hours into multi-player and love it.Cons:There are a few cases where i ran into a Bot or afker who would sit in base all game skipping turns(to make the games end fast as possible  to farm chests). And of course the rage quiter who would leave after slightly falling behind.Other times a team of 2 or 3 would gang up on me completely making it imposible for me to win,which is very annoying.However this rarely occured. Most of the games I had friendly players who played till the end, Still a 10/10. Cant wait for more future updates :D"
,Recommended,290340,17846365,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Awful Citizen,"This is probably one of the best strategy games I have played in a long time.  It brings to the table a sense of RPG, TCG and PVP like no other ""board game"" videogame I have ever played.The Multiplayer is pretty cool.  I can see why the developers wouldnt want a chat in the active multiplayer game, because it would lead to all sorts of things that derail you from enjoying the game, BUT I would add a chat in the Lobby, because waiting for players to appear, well its tedious.As far as the characters you can play go, I have been playing with Zosha, which is a complete steal and I think it's the most OP character in the game due to it's night time advantages.Still no character is better or worst than any other, so they are pretty balanced.  You just need to be good at strategizing your moves, and have a little bit of luck :) But it is doable to win out of an irrecoverable position in the game.For example, during my last multiplayer game for example, I wasted too much time reading the amulets and I didnt get to pick one, which is a bit of a disadvantage.  Then I got hit by Rot, which kills your health on a turn by turn basis, I spent most of the game without any prestige... I honestly thought I was going to lose.  But as luck turns out by following the quest line, I was able to get rid of the pesky Rot, gain enough fight to have 10 dices of it, and eventually made my way to the castle where I brought the poor ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ king well deserved tears.I really have to tell the devs that this game has truly gone beyond my expectations.  Boardgames brought to video games usually turn one dimensional (take for example Smallworld2, which had an excellent opportunity to be a great game and it ended up sucking...) but in Armello, the board is simply gorgeous, I love the minituarized effect when you get really close with your mouse wheel, the animations are pretty solid, the gameplay is fluid and never boring.  The game has an excellent balance of cards, which bring to play fight, defense, items, magic, etc.  The AI is fairly competent.What I can expect from this game in the future, perhaps is different settings for the boards, and more characters, although the current 8 that come with the game are pretty cool so far.Bravo for the devs.  This is the type of game I wish I had been able to kickstart because you guys did an amazing job.So if you havent bought it yet, then you should go right now and buy this game.  $20 is cheaper than hookers and blow or a date... which are overrated anyways.  What are you waiting for... go buy it... now dammit."
,Recommended,290340,14171149,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Stalker,"***1.2 Stranger Update***Mario Party: Medieval animals editionPros:+Simple to learn game+Becomes complex once you get the basics down+Brilliant and sometimes even animated artwork+Unique ways to win the game, so if a player is winning by a landslide of prestige (stars in Mario Party), there's always a chance to win.+You do not need a high-end computer to run+A wide variety of play styles to choose from+Engaging community+Salty Developers+Randomly generated boards+Lore+Multi-platform+Single Player & Multi-player+Achievements and their name references+Extremely high replay value, especially with the friends that you'll lose after playing+Game balances with every update+Barnaby+Dice skinsCons:-You definitely need some luck to win-Has several bugs-Expect MANY moments of rage, especially on the final turns.-There will be a lot of BS moments.-Some newer mechanics are experimental-This game destroys friendships-No way to reconnect to an online game if you disconnect-Prepare to be saltyNeutral:>Games last 20-60 min>Limited chat system. Only select phrases can be used.>A lot of RNGTL;DR Great tabletop strategy game to ruin all of your friendships"
,Recommended,290340,22971896,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Laiyenu the Bloodgaru Queen,"First off I wana say if you don't enjoy board games, you may not enjoy Armello.With that said Armello is AMAZING. Its basiclly like playing Fireball Island except with 100% more Deciet and 150% more strategy.Pro'sAmazing GameplayBeautiful World / Stylistic AnimationsDiverse and Different CharactersRNG will make sweet love to you and make you a god.RNG will hate ♥♥♥♥ your mouth.If I had 4 laptops this would be the only ""Board"" game I would play with my friends again when we hang out.Multiple paths to victory, be it Cunning, Careful Planning, Combat, or Corruption.Con'sWaiting on new characters (If ever)RNG will make you hate life.NeutralGames take awhile up to an hour in my experience, just a thought"
76561198041166317,Recommended,290340,16688474,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Byraganon,"This game is amazing, probably one of my favourite digital board games ive ever played. The devs are pretty cool having watched some of the many livestreams they do and are taking the game in just the right direction with each update that comes out.A few of my mates have stated that its a bit pricey but it's worth every single cent in my honest opinion.10/10 what are you doing reading this, go buy the game already"
,Recommended,290340,17807336,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Sigcutio,"This game has the essence of what I love from a good game of Civilization V with friends all boiled into an experience that is far less time consuming! The artwork is great, the soundtrack is immersive, and the gameplay always stays fresh! Although some may criticize the amount of chance in the game, a good player will know how to play circumstances to their favor. My favorite part of this game is that no game is ever set in stone. One player may be winning at first, but if they aren't careful another player can easily sweep in and steal their victory! When you are not playing with friends the game still allows you to play with bots that allow for a good challenge and a fun time, though, the game really does shine with friends where the amount of animosity it can create is glorious. I heartily recommend this game!"
,Recommended,290340,23662217,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Petesalzl,"im not good at reviewsw, but great game. board game style with great replayability. and the devs really care about it and regular updates"
76561197998017023,Recommended,290340,19579401,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,SpiritReacher,This game is great. You can play versus the Developers and make them cry on Twitch. 10/10
,Recommended,290340,24565230,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Schulz the Ugly,"Hello there stranger! (or potencial stalker :OO), this is Armello one of the few digital boardgames that i genually like and simply because it plays like one and it's not overly complicated like many others digital reboots.Anyways aside from the smooth and fun RPG system that it's not the worse to get used to but also challenging this game offers a scavenge style lore. Which means you'r only given the base part of it and the rest is in: items descriptions and quests.  And as a side note most of the cards that you play are a bit animated a beautifully draw :)"
,Recommended,290340,34208708,Posted: 13 August,all,Guzmud,"Armello is your bed-side story you never grew tired of. It's your daily dose of joyfully grim adventure, your daily kick of tabletop gaming in the modern age. It's the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ son of a gangbang between chess, DotA and thoses RPGs with boards (Wahammer Quest and such).It is worth its price, the gaming experience is still good without the DLC (and we even had 4 new heroes for free, which is actually basically fair enough for a decent multiplayer gig), the multiplayer has its catchy ""get dices skin for the fun, the prestige and the lulz of it"" which reinforces the natural addiction to this game. It is finely crafted, propely designed, well tested, balanced. Yeah, that much. Enjoy it.""Great heroes carry the journey's burden not on their shoulders but in their heart."""
76561198176700425,Recommended,290340,32441388,Posted: 15 June,all,Mephisto,Really the best board game that there is at the time.Each round is unique and different.I regret the purchase no second and can only recommend it.
76561198094221485,Recommended,290340,14146590,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Ciaoty,"This is definitely one of the best games, I've been playing, recently.The game is easy to learn, and it's perfect for casual-gamers, as well as for people who like to spend weeks, playing one game and getting better, than anybody else!I've played a few other Early-Access games, but none of them was this balanced. Most of them were quite unfinished, but this game can be played for hours and you probably won't come across any bugs or stuff that doesn't work, yet.Over the last two days, I've played the game for almost ten hours and I quite enjoyed it. The only thing I don't like, about this game, is a detail in the multiplayer matches... When somebody disconnects from the game, the whole match will be ended, immediately. I've played a few multiplayer matches, but I've never finished any of those... this should definitely be changed, soon (maybe they'd turn the disconnected player into an AI), but it's just a small point.If you're searching for a fun new strategy game, you'd definitely get Armello!"
76561198177689849,Recommended,290340,15639220,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,PoloBaquerizoH,"For Any fan of Board and Card games, Armello is just great it truly feels like a super board game bring to life with all the elements that makes board games so magically fantastic. I bought it on early access and enjoy the game a lot, also it would be great to see what else can be bring to the table in this game. it was time to have a digital board game that really shine as a unique one."
76561198030958795,Recommended,290340,14123376,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Destructor,"It's pretty much the Buffy The Vampire Slayer of games. Entertaining, fun, intelligent, but very difficult to put into a particular genre. It looks AMAZING, and it's very clear a lot of love and effort has gone into making it what it is. Having not played anything like it before, it took me a few rounds to work out what was going on, but once I got my head around the gameplay I was hooked. Highly recommended!"
76561197970537297,Not Recommended,290340,33302803,Posted: 5 July,all,Xylin,"Looks beautiful and some lovely mechanics. Matchmaking is awful, disconnects and crashes often and its essentially a random fantasy lottery draw."
76561197997325914,Recommended,290340,17469937,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,LowPhat,"Im really enjoying this game alot, Its a nice change from the more recent games Ive seen come from early access.  Runs great, looks great, learning curve is really nice. Ive already gotten my $$'s worth...and it hasnt even been fully released!Id have to give it a 9/10... Im saving the 10/10 for September 1st. Well done guys!"
76561198100606582,Recommended,290340,17840839,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,ezra87,"As an avid collector of table top games that are mostly strategy and/or role-playing games, I would say that this game is worthy of my collection outside the fact that it is not made of cardboard.  haha.I just played through the tutorial, and it was spectacularly helpful and not boring.  Then I played through a full game with bots.  I can't wait to play with some friends.The artwork on the cards is gorgeous. The animals are adorable.  As far as I've played, it's pretty balanced, but I would like to see how it fairs with real players instead of just bots.Just a few small spelling errors here and there on a few of the cards and tutorial material, but nothing to get all bent out of shape over."
,Recommended,290340,17871285,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Serenity,"I've been enjoying this game immensely.When I first started playing it I was worried I was going to get sucked into a black abyss like when playing civ 5 since it took me about an hour to get through the tutorials.  It surprised me though, after trying out a few rounds with AI eventually it would take me about 30-40 minutes to get through each game which is pretty nice in my opinion.I lost my first three games too, but the only one I got frustrated about was when the AI Thane managed to get one prestige above mine and the King died the next day.  I like the fact though that things can easily change from turn to turn.  I haven't tried multiplayer online yet, too worried I might get my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me.Overall great gameplay and very addictive! Would definitely reccommend a thousand times over!"
76561198036757401,Recommended,290340,17486603,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Elfenkönig92,I love this game. Deffenitly worth the money. I have played many hours and plan on many more.
76561198050704323,Recommended,290340,16084631,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Alderon,"This game is my latest addiction. If you enjoy boardgames, you'll enjoy this, it's so much fun."
76561198013825603,Recommended,290340,27912794,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nasarog,"Armello, oh Armello.A digital boardgame masterpiece. A game that reminds me of The Redwall series and the Disney Robinhood cartoon of yesteryear, but more sinister. Oh, So sinister. Play by yourself, or with some newly minted ""friends"" you've met online. But whatever you do, trust no one. I used to, but never will again.I highly recommend this game.If you want to know more, here are some more thoughts on the subject -https://explorminate.net/2016/02/12/friex-armello/"
,Recommended,290340,14204164,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Tuna #ProTipDontDie,"It's a great game--a combination of a traditional tabletop and board game, but two things that are crippling the game, or at the very least, are proving to be worrisome, are online play and DLC.Currently, if one person even remotely disconnects during the game, it completely ends the match and returns you to the Menu Screen.   On several occasions, I played game nearly to their completion, only to have a player, whether intentional or not, disconnect, completely ruining the match and wasting whatever time you devoted.  Something as simple as a screen for the remaining players to decide whether to wait or continue with an AI would have sufficed, but as it is, there's nothing more furstrating than to figuratively have a player throw the game and table.Second, between their Kickstarter page and their Wiki, there are currently 4 playable characters with 8 additional characters being released as DLC--four of which are slated to be paid DLC, and other four only available if you donated at least $45/$55 to their Kickstarter.  While I can appreciate something being special or exclusive, for what is supposed to be a casual stategy game, I can't help but feel a bit sleighted of being denied content simply because I happen to be late to the party or don't have a fat wallet.  Maybe if it was one or two characters, or even vanity items, but to devote a whole faction--literally a third of the currently planned playable characters, with a time and money requirement, I can't help but feel this game is pay-to-win even before leaving the gates."
76561198055733495,Recommended,290340,18078965,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Emorick,"Think of a board game, now think game of throne, now think of cute animal people from grim tales, now mash it up and you got Armello, really fun to play alone or with others players, the graphics and soudn design are awesome and the replay value seems endless, will appeal to everyone, from causual to hardcore gamers and even tabletop enthuisasts"
76561198026908873,Recommended,290340,15574954,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Scythe,Very lovely game the art style is just beautiful the game dose have it problems though  hope the look at these an improve the game.Pros.Beautiful art stylePretty simple to learnMusic is lovelyNot bad for a board gameConsOnly FOUR CHARS.Game could use a Difficulty selectThane at times in  game seems OP killing alomst all that gets in his way
76561198041643151,Recommended,290340,15700549,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Vaping My Way Downtown,"As a long time board gamer and video gamer, I really appreciate Armello in so many respects. This was not a board game adapted into a video game or vice versa, this game truly is a standalone experience on the computer. You could not have the high quality cards, dice rolling, or opening cutscene in a cardboard version of this game (though honestly, I wouldn't mind owning one).I'll be honest, I saw the gameplay and I was like, ""I guess it looks like a game I would try out"" but then I saw the two videos produced for Armello and my mind was blown. I appreciate the deep lore and story that they put into a turn based board game. I am in love, please produce a movie!As far as gameplay goes, I find it to be a very well balanced board game that is very down to the wire! I appreciate when a game gives you interesting decisions and Armello does just that. There are 4 different victory types but only 1 winner, breaking the possibility for a runnaway leader. One improvement which many board games have incorporated is alternate turn order to prevent unbalance based on when you go in a given round.The game looks good, plays good, and has my heart. Would definitely recommend."
76561198026319986,Recommended,290340,18178915,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,firesorcr,"I really like it, as a big fan of Redwall and Miyazaki films and board games. It's really pretty with beautiful animations that ooze character, and easy to learn, and tough to master. There's a nice element of randomness that keeps it fair for people of all skill levels and makes it fun to come back and hope to see new things.So yes, I'd recommend it. That said, I have to complain about the fact that this is a ""board game"" where people can't have local co-op or hot-seat multiplayer; everyone has to have a separate computer and copy of the game to play, which is tough to organize and pay for. I would, for instance, really like to play this with my brother's family (my nephew would love Barnaby), but sixty more dollars for three more copies is prohibitive. I was also looking forward to playing this with college friends and their children, and can't, which saddens me. For a ""board game"" this makes very little sense to me.On a related note, please note that chat in multiplayer in this game is limited to a set of canned responses. I understand why this would be done (moderating chat is tricky) but it makes it near impossible to discuss strategy with other players, which can be unsatisfying when another player takes your ""Greetings"" as a threat rather than the intended friendly gesture and decides to hit you with an Immolation.Despite these absent features, it's still worth checking out, and I don't regret buying it, but those features would make it absolutely perfect."
76561198083702738,Recommended,290340,26193150,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Slip N' Dip,"I absolutely love this game.  The only problem I have with it is that the multiplayer takes forever to complete one game.  This makes it really hard to grind for items which may or may not be intentional.  I would say if you were looking to play multiplayer, I would try to persuade some of your friends to buy it as well to make the game go a bit faster."
,Recommended,290340,28642410,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,[nBn] Kat,"Armello is an online multiplayer board game (although there's an offline single player option against AI, too) set in the Kingdom of, you guessed it, Armello, ruled by a mad lion king who's infected with Rot. It's your job--as one of eight (twelve with DLC) heroes from one of the four clans--to reclaim Armello by winning the throne, however you choose to do that. You can kill the king with pure strength or healing spirit stones, gain the most prestige in the land to usurp him when the time comes, or become even more corrupted than he is.The gameplay itself is based predominantly on dice and cards: cards grant you skills or bonuses on the field or in battle, while dice are rolled in battle itself to determine your attacks and defence. Of course, this means that luck--or the RNG--can disadvantage you, even in your starting hand, and the AI can utilize rings and tokens (which modify your character's stats during a game) that you have to unlock. In the couple of games that I've played thus far, I've felt a little as if the AI had more opportunity than I did, but I was still able to win.My only real complaint would be that, although beautiful (as is the rest of the game's graphics), the maps are fairly similar and feel a little small to me. I'm sure this is to keep the game moving and to force players into conflict, but it's a little annoying when you're trying to get to a certain square and all of your possible movements are blocked or risky to take. The game rules themselves are customizable, but not so much the maps.I would definitely recommend Armello if you enjoy a mix of strategy-based board games (with a hint of luck thrown in there thanks to dice rolling!). It's a beautiful game with a simple but clear story that wouldn't be out of place in Brian Jacques' Redwall series, and it's entertaining to play."
76561197997152049,Recommended,290340,18150732,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Tattoo,"Great game to pick up , This is the type of game you want to play with friends. Armello is one of the most refreshing table top games to play .I find myself playing a couple of games here and there and try to win in differnt ways. No two games are the same but after about 35+ games under my belt each averaging 45 mins. to an hour.You start seeing the same strategies applied when it gets to end game . The game is defintly worth buying for sure-Pros*Replayable*Great artwork*Great sound track*Gameplay feels balanced*many charaters to choose (more coming)*Fun politics*Challenging but in a good way*Decent AI-Cons*I've had my multiplayer games get stuck on some of the dice battles (happened maybe 3 times)*I'm not sure if its just me but the frames drop occasionally nothing gamebreaking though*After playing with all the cards im left wanting more (you don't really notice it at first but when you see how many cards there are you are just left wanting more)There is nothing I can think of that would not make me reccomend this game . With what little cons I have seen and more content on the way I cant wait to see whats in store. If you would like someone to play with just add me up :) ."
76561198031283053,Recommended,290340,14813380,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,wraithowl1,"Very enjoyable game but there is one important aspect that has to be taken into consideration. This is basically an electronic board game. It is not what a longtime gamer would consider a traditional RPG in any way, shape, or form. Great graphics and animation.Highly recommended if you have a group of friends that are willing to purchase and play with you. Its still enjoyable as a single player game and the computer seems to play fairly (something that doesn't always happen with electronic board games) but I feel it is much more enjoyable when playing with other players, especially people you actually know."
,Not Recommended,290340,29058601,Posted: 6 January,all,Mouse6,"I love the gameplay but multiplayer just feels so exhausting. If you disconnect once there's no hope of reconnecting. Like, a game takes 40m or more and that one tiny instance of connection loss will cause your game to stay still, with all heroes just standing by. You don't get any stars, no chests, no keys. Just a bitter feeling of wasted time."
,Not Recommended,290340,29261890,Posted: 14 January,all,Minotorious,Really good game but the developers are abusing the steam market and their power in many instances.You can buy and sell dice in the market for which reason the devs decided that games between 4 friends will not drop chests/keys thus  you cannot play with 3 other friends to get the dice but you can play with 2 other friends and abuse the poor 4th person who will play against you. Great start for a board game.Also the developers are banning people from the forums for no proper reasons
76561198005122479,Recommended,290340,23298855,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Darktalon,"What a fantastic game! fairly new to this genre but its really easy to pick up and play.Lots of new content seems to be added regularly also. Great price,great fun and lots of longevity as you develop your strategies.Highly recommended"
,Recommended,290340,16711317,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,"Xantham ""The Waffle Iron"" Tobeka",Great game! Absolutely worth a try!
76561198044958974,Recommended,290340,17502854,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,TheHappyCatsTale,Fantastical awesome gamenon-lugubrious gameplay awesomeWould rate nine of ten
,Recommended,290340,25208694,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Chicken Licken Good,"I'd really really love to love this game.... so I did.It's really pretty and I love strategy games that needs you to outsmart other people.It's also fun to stop a competitor's plan like slapping him in the face and saying ""NO!""My problems about this game is the fact that after going through the achievements, ring unlocks, every card identified, and every victory achieved, the game goes down hill. I still love this game, but the motivation to play got harder after unlocking almost everything. Which means I always look forward for new updates and features added in every update, but we all know it wont simply come whenever we want it.All-in-all, I love this game's style and gameplay. I doubt I will fully stop anytime soon.PS: Barnaby is bestPSS: Still waiting for BanditsPSSS: Keep up the great work LoG"
,Not Recommended,290340,18345014,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Zygon,"Pretty disappointing.I'm a big fan of board games, and was recommended this by a video reviewer I put good faith in.The game is gorgeous, and has a lot of charm, however the gameplay just doesn't hold up.Maybe it's because I listen to a lot of podcasts on game design, but this game was a fail. There's way too much luck involved, and most strategy you can conjure up hardly matters. The first two games I played I just happened to win because I was doing quests and playing cards when I could.A good game boils down to making interesting decisions, but when playing this game there's very few to be had. Most of it doesn't even matter. Do I pick the quest that gives me a 30% chance to get a Spirit stone and a spirit that I won't use, or do I pick the quest that gives me a not useful companion that gives the health I'll probably need?Do I win by killing the king because I happened to get some rot cards and died to the birds? Or do I kill the king because I got lucky enough to get two spirit stones from the dungeons and it was super easy to get the rest? It's just horribly dull.Gameplay boils down to. ""Pick a character, use amulets/rings to give them small advantages."" This gives you the illusion that there's strategies to explore, but in actuality it ends up more like this:Go to quest. Hopefully get something good out of it, or don't 'risk' it. (But good luck having any sort of a chance if you don't.) Explore dungeons, get random stuff, or don't. Get into fights. Win/Lose them depending on what equipment you happened to get and how lucky you were on your rolls. Someone on the board gets enough Rot/Spirit Stones/OP equips to kill king. Very little you can do to stop them. They fight the king and usually win. Sometimes they'll die in the process and someone else who did nothing all game will win instead. Game's over.I hope more people explore the interesting design space there is in a digital board game in the future, but this game felt like all style and not substance.If you're looking for a super casual game and have a high tolerance for swingy gameplay to play with a few buddies, then this is the game for you.If you want something anything deeper than that, look elsewhere.2.5/5"
76561198158149244,Not Recommended,290340,17848092,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,tuckboat,"UPDATE:11/18 -  My feeling and opinion on the game itself have not really changed from what I wrote before. I still find the game to be underwhelming and the enjoyment of it disproportionate to the love I see it getting. However, the community on the whole here has been EXCELLENT. I mean I have been pretty adamant (though respectful) in stating my opinions and I have to say with one or two excepetions the reaction has been civil. That does not happen on the internet. Except for here apparently. So if you are okay with taking the community health into consideration I am actually gonna go ahead and say I would Recommend this and move up my rating to a...5.1/10I also have to take into consideration that my expectations for the tile may have been too high. More frustarting is that many other people that like simliar games seem to be completely satisfied with the experience and delivery. Its pretty unusual that I wind up an outlier in satisfaction when I am (or felt like I was) a part of the core demographic. Armello seems to be enjoyed by people like me. I barely enjoyed it for 5-6 hours before I found myself searching for reason to like it but I just can't quite figure it out. Anyway if your on the fence I say give it a shot.11/9 Was pleased to see that with the new update the speed of the AI controlled players was adjustable. I would have to say that experience for singlplayer has been streamlined and improved dramatically. Sadly, I still did not enjoy the game. I only realized this after playing for another few games and realized I was searching for reasons to switch this game to a recommend.In response to Kletian's comments to my review:I agree that picking your deck can influence the outcome however there are just too many random variables that are outside of your control. Is this game strategically superior to chutes and ladders? Absolutely. Risk? Not even close. Monopoly? Probably the best comparison. The random or uncontrolled variables in this game include:3 other players turns1 King turn (King's Guards)Banes TurnPlacement of Quest MarkesCard Draw (Mitigated by choice of card type but still random)Dice RollsBoard ConfigurationThat's alot of randomness to contend with. I am in no way opposed to RNG or believe that it should be a left out of any serious strategy game. However the way this game is structured leaves little room for interesting choices as the game evolves. The randomn elements seem to dictate the way you should be steering your strategy and trying to go in another direction is almost always going to put you in the losers bracket. Armello offers you choices in your strategy but the design of the game itself hamstrings you into playing one way or the other and its just a tough pill for me to swallow.The game is still gorgeous and I agree with Kletian's comments that game is more similiar to Rouge-likes in progression type. However, I would argue that old-school rouge-likes rewarded you for measuring chances and taking risks which is something I found lacking in my time with Armello. The end result was that were often (not always) rewarded for taking those risks to gain advantages and overcome challenges. In Armello you are rewarded for understanding which path to victory is most likely to be successful and than gearing your startegy towards acheiving that goal. Abberations to this formula do exists but they seem far to infrequent and unintentional to be considered a part of the strategy.For a game that involves startegy and measuring risk I would recommend Chaos Reborn.I would take a pass on Armello unless you really love the art and animation (both are excellent).5/10OG REVIEW:I have very mixed feelings for this game. I'll keep this review short and update it as I play for longer.Current Playtime: 6-8 hours (5 games total on a friends account during early access)Pros- Original and creative concept for a game- Ran Smooth on low spec computer with med graphics setting- No bugs encountered- Beautifully Crafted World (card art and animation are my personal highlights)- Limited Game Modes at Launch (ranked coming soon per forum post)AC/DC-RNG Heavy from a double down effect of having card draws and dice rolls as random factors-Universal Card Selection (no deckbuilding element if you are expecting a more typical CCG experience)Cons-Repetition of Game Board Means it all looks the same after awhile-Some progression exists but a overall a little light on the RPG element promised-Balance - Several ways to win a game but two of these are extremely difficult to achieve-Long playtime for each game especially Multiplayer-RNG + Balancing Issues + Long Playtimes = Frustrating ExperienceEven shorter review:3-5 hours: Sweet! An Online Digital Board Game with RPG progression.5-8 hours: Slooow Moving Game (3 turns other than yours to contend with) and disappointed to find that a strategic approach is smaller element is secondary to dice rolls/card draws.I will keep playing as I still love the premise and several of the issues I have with this title have been acknowledged and are being worked on by the developers. Priced out at $20 US dollars in its current state I am going to have to give it a thumbs down for the time being."
,Recommended,290340,25879516,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Symbiosis,"Engaging card or turn base strategy game, but with some teething issues with regards to multiplayer skirmish maps. You will control a Hero Avatar from 1 of the 4 main clan (Wolf, Rodent, Hare or Bear) in which you will strive to achieve victory (Different victory objectives) againts the Corrupt King. Game play is smooth and the controls are straightforward, was able to grasps the game by playing a few matches. Wide varity of cards, ranging from Equipement cards (1 use / Equiped to Avatar), Spell Cards (Uses magic points to cast instant spells to aid your hero's objectives), Trickery Cards (To saboutage / diplomatical achieve your hero's objectives), Treasure cards (Powerful item obtains from completing quest and challanges around the map), and Follower Cards (A trusty sidekick with useful abilities). By using the different cards with your hero, you have to complete quest to clear victory objectives before your opponent to win the game. With New DLC unlocking new heros and cards there is sufficent replayability at the moment."
,Recommended,290340,23463289,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,ChronosTC,"Oneshot, Mad King.That's all I need.This game is a board game with eight different playable characters, each with their own unique ability and two to a single Clan, and can be played with friends or against bots as you quest to become the king or queen of Armello.If you hate RNG, just avoid this game.The game is heavily RNG-based, but heroes' passive abilities do work quite well, and the difficulty of the four victories varies. Prestige is easiest while Rot is hardest in my own experience. My only problem with the game is that it has a severe reliance on praying to RNGesus that whatever is happening goes in your favor. I'm honestly writing a review way sooner than I should be (11.5 hours upon writing this review) but so far I enjoy the game.Definitely a 4/5 to me, one of the games that I feel deserves an attempt at one of my few serious reviews."
,Recommended,290340,25876953,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Penakoto,"Armello is a simple game, great for those looking for an easily accessable stratagy and board game, but once you get into the multiplayer with experienced played things get crazy, and the real fun starts.Game really needs more characters though, with each one being very specialized and there only being 8 total without any DLC, you might be stuck with one or two favorties, rather than variety."
76561198027185147,Recommended,290340,29642580,Posted: 1 February,all,Aerthos,"Wonderfully designed video board game. Games are a predictable length (30-60 minutes), and always tense. The art style is absolutely top notch. I recommend this game to all my friends looking for a great casual game, and those who love board games in general."
76561198028169459,Recommended,290340,29747344,Posted: 6 February,all,Masterbadazz,Great vitual board game. so many different ways to win and strategys to use.  This is such a well thought out game and it is very beautifuly done.  The only problem i hvae had is that it crashed a few times on my older lap top and you cant reconnect to a multiplayer game that you disconnected from.  i  give it 5 stars
76561197983672075,Recommended,290340,19348320,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,DaetherX,"If you love those interesting tabletop board games, then you'll enjoy this game.Armellois an original digital media IP that has everything you'd expect from physical board games!Bottom line:Do I enjoy this game? Do I think its mechanics work well?Yes.I've played all 4 of the prologue (tutorial) chapters, and also played 4 regular games. I enjoyed playing, and each game was a bit different since the map is semi randomized, each character has different strengths, there's various quests to choose from when you start or complete a quest, and there's several different win conditions.The art in the game for the cards is very cool. Each of the cards has some little bit of animation like blinking/shifting eyes, or a forest whooshing by as a person runs through it, or a bit smoke moving. The art style of this game is wonderfull, but you can see that in the screenshots.The rules/mechanics:It has its own 6 sided die with symbols instead of numbers.It has 8 different characters, each with a unique special passive ability and slightly different stats. This means each character will play a bit different as one might be better at battle, but another might be able to cast more spellcards or more expensive spells.Each character has 4 main stats:Fight- Determines # of die you roll during battle.Body- Essentially is your max HPWits- Determines # of die you roll during Perils, a negative event card played on a space you entered. It also determines your maximum card hand size. You draw to this amount each turn.Spirit- Essentially your max MP, you restore to this number each nightAll 4 of these are also used in quest challenges where 1 stat point x10 = % chance to succeed.You also gain/lose Gold used in equipping Item cards / hiring (equipping) follower cards or playing Trickery cardsThere's Prestige that you gain/lose through certain actions like completing a quest, and some few Trickery cards will cost Prestige instead of Gold. There's a thing that is basically your current MP for the day. Finally there's Rot. If you are infected by this, you lose 1 HP per day and there's other mechanics surrounding this. The king is infected by this setting the turn limit for the game.There's a card system as mentioned as well. There's Items (including equip-ables, one use, and followers), Spells which can be buffs / debuffs/ or even direct damage to other characters, and Trickery (You triggered my trap card, Yugi! Sorry I'm unoriginal). Trickery cards most of the time are played as traps that can be set on certain tiles and when anyone enters that marked space they must pass a challenge by rolling the # of die equal to their Wits.There's a bit more to the game but that's basically it.The king is dying and mad (crazy/evil) due to Rot infection. You must have the highest Prestige when he dies to win, or you can kill him yourself and become King/Queen, or you can gather 4 sacred stones and attempt to cure the king and the land of Rot."
,Recommended,290340,17856148,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,darkspeaker,"Good game so far.  It's a mix of Heroes of Might and Magic, Game of Thrones, and the Redwall books I loved as a child.  The graphics are awesome looking, with that old school cell-shading effect on the characters.  Another thing I liked:  It worked on Windows 10 perfectly without crashing and that is rare these days."
76561198048354284,Recommended,290340,17855411,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,s13gtastic,"It's a really fun board game, dice, card...game...thing. It took a couple games to understand the mechanics but once I had a good idea of what was going on it opend up a whole world of backstabbing and general villiany with friends.Having multiple ways of winning is really nifty. The AI is super brutal, it can't be pleaded with so watch your self when doing matches with the AI.I really recomend playing with 3 other friends and then letting the fun insue."
76561197992487782,Recommended,290340,29637357,Posted: 1 February,all,Vestigial Gorgon,"Love this game!  Always been a big board gamer, and have played a lot of Talisman with friends.  Armello is the perfect balance between RNG and strategy.  Sure there is dice rolling (beautifully rendered dice rolling), but you DO have to weigh the chances of success over those of failure, and then go for it if feasible.  Sometimes you win, sometimes not.   So much charm in the characters, and different strats for each one.  You move, play cards, equip items on your own turn, but you can also strategize on your off turn, look at other players, and play cards to thwart them.  I also love the chat lines for each character, keeps the multiplayer civil and adds a delightful flavor to the game.  The endgame is fantastic, sometimes you've cleared all your quest to gain automatic entry into castle, other times you have to knock out another player, and still other times you sit with that banish card in hand to protect your prestige lead, a lot of paths to victory to contemplate, always tense!  To top this off, the developers challenge you to play them each week on Twitch, and they are such a fun group of people!  Join me in multiplayer!"
76561197997018880,Recommended,290340,22966897,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Grevan,"I have played a couple of single player games to learn the mechanics. and 15-20 multiplayer games.  Some of those have been with friends and some solo and all of them have been fun.Pros:-8 characters (more on the way?) with different skills and playstyles-Multiple win conditions 3 fairly easy ones and 1 that is kinda difficult to set up if you want to give yourself a challenge-If you can't win play the spoiler and just mess with others for fun.   Winning doesn't appear to give you anything other than some steam achievements so losing does feel bad just have fun playing.-Fairly quick queues for a game only once have i had to wait more than 2 minutes-Looks great graphically.Cons:-Disconnects and freezes have happened 4 out of 20ish games (couple times friends DC, once game just wouldn't roll dice, and once another player DC, then the other two DC and i had 3 AI in the game).  If the game gets stuck and doesn't progress you don't get the chest/key at the end.-No ranked yet (hope its coming soon)-Playing against a group of 3 in solo queue is fairly awkward when 3 work together. 1 person clearing out the castle and moving away so the player with the stones can just walk in and kill the king while the other 2 play bodyguard just isn't all that fun.   has happened a couple of times.Overall the game is very good and certainly worth the pickup.  Reminds me of Talisman a bit and can see where the inspiration could have come from and thats not a bad thing."
,Recommended,290340,17898255,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,aidden,"It is probably the first game after a long (very long) time which makes me thinking about itself the whole day and waiting with impatience for evening when I would have 3 hours for playing it.It is absolutely gorgeous visually, really thought-out in terms of mechanics and it is a fun to play.I highly recommend everyone to give it a try."
76561198051703935,Recommended,290340,17835416,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Eyelite,"Such an amazing and refreshing experience!best purchase I have made in a very long time!Will continue to update after I have put in more hours, but my intial impression is superb."
,Recommended,290340,17836971,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,PUFFERFISH™,"Able to make Barnaby (The knight/Sapper Rabbit from the Bunny clan) a unkillable tank. Tanked the king, his guards and 2 players for 3 turns then slayed the Lion king. 10/10 would buy and re-tank king. (Alice in wonderlands feeling hex tile fantasy tactical fun luck/intuition/skill based game fun for everybody who loves fantasy. 10/10 recommended! ^^"
,Recommended,290340,27650840,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,_Randi_,"If you like boardgames, or you just want to try a good one here on Steam, I suggest adding Armello to your wishlist.Here is a small list of the things I appreciate the most, that may help you decide if it's worth your interest:. different ways to win (adapt your strategy as you play). characters and stats modifiers (lot of combinations to experiment with). dice (in great quantity with nice skins and effects). cards (to equip, use or ""burn"" before dice rolls to mitigate results). missions (to upgrade your stats, get better equipment and find followers). rules alteration (game changes if you are corrupted or not). prestige points mechanic (if you have the most you can influence the game). hand management, area control, stealth mechanics. random board generation, great art and nice soundtrack. well... there is more, but I think you should experience it ;DI find in Armello a great variety of elements I enjoy, so I keep coming back for more. I like trying a different strategy everytime and the fact that other characters will be added, definitely keeps my interest high. You can't play it hotseat, but that's because some mechanics don't make it possible. Even if I'm not playing with friends, my online experience is totally fine (no one ever left the game or purposely made the game end faster). If you have problems finding opponents, just keep an eye for special events organized by the LoG devs. Have fun Armellians!"
76561198069506376,Recommended,290340,17853834,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Vex,"A throwback to a seemingly-forgotten era of involved strategy. Upon hearing about the game I was immediately interested, as the subject matter reminded me of some of the earlier tabletop games I played. An interesting, albeit macabre story, revolving around a slowly decaying kingdom, and a king falling deeper into madness due to a strange and malevolent force known as ""The Rot"" gives the players a sense of urgency and purpose, in saving or destroying the kingdom, depending on what you do. And the multitude of ways the game can end gives each new game a sense of novelity and uniqueness that is somewhat gone in mainstream gaming nowadays. I definitely recommend you pick this up right now."
76561198011483540,Recommended,290340,24094949,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Ezmac,"Fun game, but single player quickly becomes less interesting due to the shortness of the games and predictability of the bots. Playing with friends reccommended."
76561198141818174,Recommended,290340,23397233,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Comatoast,"Overall a solid 7/10.  There is a definite luck factor when trying to kill the king which can often turn a battle/rot victory into a prestige loss, but overall the core gameplay remains fun if a bit simple.  It your in the mood for a light board game consider playing Armello."
76561198038976176,Recommended,290340,34512551,Posted: 26 August,all,halcyondazed,"Fantastic board game with a lovely board, setting and an active community. I can always find a game.The devs are constantly updating the game, and microtransactions are a purely optional and cosmetic feature.This is the best digital board game you will find."
,Recommended,290340,21415654,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,napkin zoloft.party,"Great casual game with a surprising amount of depth. Can be enjoyed from a surface level or by diving into the strategy element for more depth. RNG can be a bit frustrating at times and an unlucky roll can often determine the outcome of the game. I bought the game on sale and have been pleasantly surprised with the amount of replayability. Being able to queue for multiplayer games while playing single player is nice, however I wish there was more customization in online play. As it is, it's hard to say the $20 price tag is for everyone, but with future updates to online play, more playable characters and cards, and possibly more game modes, this game will be a must have for fans of strategy and card games."
,Recommended,290340,17844969,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,damien,"don’t let the art-style / cute-animal-ness mislead you.between the MAD king's malice pouring from his throne and your competitors, the game is built from the ground up with grim brutality, power grabs and betrayal in mind.(one of the game’s strongest suits is how quickly roles can reverse. what is a comfortable lead can turn into disaster, destitution, the destruction of your built up attributes, your revenue sources and cards in your inventory, also death – all in a clever series of card plays and gambits by your opponents.)+++ the AI is sufficiently cruel but the game shines brightest playing with friends you care enough about to hurt badly."
76561198103285848,Recommended,290340,31331129,Posted: 23 April,all,Questionable Argonian,"Awesome game bought it for a friend I owed money to she was chuffed and hasn't stopped playing Armello either, pretty good game playing on your own as well"
76561198040714248,Recommended,290340,17276360,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,ER4SMUS,"armello is strategy virtual table-top game. It contains stunning art style and animations, gameplay-wise its fun and fuses together card play and table-top games with utmost precision. i absolutely recommend it,no doubt."
76561198067436698,Recommended,290340,29262652,Posted: 14 January,all,Flamian,"This game feels like Civilization, Magic the Gathering, Game of Thrones and Talisman all gave birth to a child that was adopted by wild animals.If you like Talisman boardgame, I highly recommend this game.If you enjoy playing multiplayer game of Magic the Gathering, I recommend this game"
76561198319588725,Recommended,290340,26695791,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Cassandra Storm,"Despite it's glitches, I play it all the time. Must mean it's great. The recent update is interesting too. I like the multiplayer more now."
,Recommended,290340,17924402,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Volatile Schemer,"A hybrid of tabletop, strategy and mild rpg with a well-thought ruleset and delightful art style. It also respects your time: sessions take a little north of 30 minutes. The much talked-about RNG exists and indeed drives the game but it seems fair and never takes precedence over decision-making. I imagine it's an absolute blast when played with friends."
,Not Recommended,290340,29908330,Posted: 13 February,all,Reynardine,"This game makes a fantastic first impression but (as detailed in so many other reviews) it becomes quickly apparent that the influence of random chance is so strong in the game that the experience is more like spectating than playing. Other elements - which could be interesting if truly random - are frustratingly predictable, such as the quest tile appearing at pretty much the opposite side of the board from where you are (apart from the first quest), meaning you're endlessly trekking rather than responding to interesting chance. I could say more, but there are so many reviews which have covered the ground.This could have been such a great game."
,Recommended,290340,30100683,Posted: 22 February,all,Lisek752,98% - Lisek752+Character Design+Graphic+Design of Boards+Soundtrack+Gameplay+Multiplayer+Free cases and keys(free dice skins)-High price of hero skins
,Recommended,290340,31809566,Posted: 17 May,all,Carnifex,"This game never fails to relax me. It's my go-to game when I have that ""unmotivated sunday I don't know what to do"" feeling. It can get pretty intense and competitive though but all in a nice and well-handled manner.Firstly I really want to complement the artstyle, design concept and music.They all add a lot to the atmosphere! The artstyle for characters and the landscape look really smooth and cute, kinda like a fairytale, but as soon as you are ingame you will find out that there is a dark twist.The whole setting and music are really calm. The design of the cards is really gorgeous and I like that the cards also feature the artists signature.Secondly the game concept is a lot of fun and simple! It's basically a boardgame rpg where you have one goal: Be the new King or Queen of Armello. There are 4 different ways to achieve this and there are also 4 players on the field.Different stats, abilities, starting boosts and cards add a big variety to how you can pursue this goal.Especially the cards offer a lot of utility when it comes to giving yourself some boosts or hinder your opponents.There are 3 types of cards: items, magic and trickery.All the characters exel in different aspects and the cards can help you to improve your strengths or minimize your weaknesses.Thirdly, and this is really important to me: This game and people are not toxic!They can't be toxic because there is no ingame chat! I love this option and i think this adds a lot to the game.You can use predetermined phrases to express some basic emotions and react to or show what you feel about different actions ingame.It is turn based which makes the pace of the game pretty slow but that is nothing bad in my opinion. Near the end of the game it's getting pretty intense when everyone is trying to go for the king and claim his throne.The only thing that bothers me sometimes is that magic and wits seem like the most viable stats. It is nothing crazy or something that i would call broken, but it gives the most utility which is a big factor in this game. A high wits stat enables you to draw a lot of cards and a high magic stat gives you the power to use more or stronger magic cards.I rarely use the trickery cards which is a shame in my opinion but maybe that is just because of my character preference.There are 2 character dlc packs which increase the number of playable characters by 8 in total. (So double the included characters). They add some nice new strategies to play with them because of their abilities but nothing that doesn't fit into the game or makes the balance an issue. The standard characters are really enough if you want to enjoy the game, but the dlc's can add some diversity and freshness. I feel like no character really stands out to be particularly stronger than the others.Lastly I want to talk about the ""drop system"" in this game.After every game you can either get a chest or a key (The chance for each seems to be 1/2, so it's super fair. (I applaude for this because i have never seen someone add KEYS as drops so you don't actually have to spend money)From the chests you can get new die to throw at your enemies faces when you end up in a battle with them.I strongly recommend this game and if you feel like it's something for you, it's definitely worth it!The wonderful artstyle combined with the rpg and tabletop elements and non-toxicity really make this game a place I love to come back to!"
,Recommended,290340,22996960,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,DON AXOLOTL,"Imagine the Game of Thrones taking place in the world of Zootopia. Lie, bribe, and plunder your way to claim the throne. In the world of Armello, the end justifies the means.Pros: Armello provides you with 8 unique heroes, each with their own traits and playstyle, and 4 winning conditions. This makes the game balanced to each hero (provided you play your hero to their strength) while giving the game an excellent replayability value. Tutorial is decent, covering the basic gameplay without spoiling the gameplay too much.Cons: Lack of story/singleplayer campaign might be appaling to those who play games for their storyline."
,Recommended,290340,22944921,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,smeggedoff,"This review was written on the day of the 1.3 patchSo I've had armello for a while, and not really played it much, and there's a pretty good reason for that.Until patch 1.3, there was no real random lobby presence for multiplayer matches. With 1.3, you now get chests and keys to unlock... *drum roll* dice skins.It's a little lackluster, but hey, some people are into it.For the game it'self, it's a fun boardgame. The art design and style in general is amazing, the rules are pretty solid (if still being tweaked) and games tend to last 30 mins to an hour, which is pretty solid.If you're thinking of buying it my advice would be to try and grab it on sale. Sorry LoG, but it's true.This game is Ok on single player.Pretty good on multiplayer (now wait times are down)and I hear it's great if you have enough friends for a full game (R.I.P. the 4 pack T_T)If you're still on the fence, LoG has been teasing more characters, and eventually iOS support along with even MORE characters (woo, bandit clan), so maybe wait for that.But yeah, if you're into stuff like Talisman, but want a shorter game, pick up this cross between Wind in the Willows and Game of Thrones.If you're more into Gears of war... what are you even doing here reading this? shoo!"
76561198035877576,Recommended,290340,26394796,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Eisshard,"90+ hours in and it still hasn't disappointed. Granted, I have really bad luck so the whole ""roll the dice"" thing usually doesn't work for me but this is fun even at that. If you've read other reviews then you know what I'm going to say next: I wish they'd let you chat with people. The character dialogue is cool but it would make multiplayer matches seem shorter if you could actually chat. Other than that this game is great. Certainly a game I would recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,290340,17855422,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,LugdunonTG,"Gameplay video + Impressions belowhttps://youtu.be/dsEC9VVlgKgThis game is a new addiction for me. The game has a surprising amount of layers to it's mechanics.Games last roughly up to 1 hour so it's a nice short table top feel. 4 possible victory conditions which you need to try and acheive while also hindering others as best you can. Combat is dealt with via dice but you can swing it in your own favour more by clever use of terrain, stealth, followers, equipment, spells and traps. The animations during combat are pretty damn beautiful. 8 characters currently in game (hopefully more in future) each with a special power you can make use of to help you find success. Love this game to bits worth every penny and highly recommended."
76561198133970206,Recommended,290340,32843642,Posted: 26 June,all,Dragon Alien,"This games a great pass time in the way of strategy, turn-based, and board game all in one. The art though for such a small game is very pleasing to the eye especailly if you get the Seaons Board Skins Pack. The game runs really well and multiplayer is not bad, because honestly rank doesn't matter in this game as I came to find out. I've won a couple of games against high rank and skilled players alike by either sheer luck or just playing smart. I will say though some of the bandit clan are kind of broken especial if you get certain gear. Also this game does not have a campaign sadly enough. I think it should have one in my opinion because it would make it so much better. (One more thing the animation for the intro is really great and I wish that if the game did have a campaign it should have animation similar to the intro for cutscenes and such.) Overall though the game is a great buy for just about anyone, easy to play, and I give it an 7.8/10 overall."
,Recommended,290340,14153416,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,gcookie,"Can't reccommend this one enough. Love the table top design, executes simplicity in objective but grandly dynamic in gameplay. Love it."
,Not Recommended,290340,31700705,Posted: 12 May,all,Osprey,"Played approximately 10 online games with a friend, we've only managed to complete 2 whole games due to connection issues causing the game to freeze and disconnect.No reconnect options are available.Will change review once this issue is fixed as I love the game."
76561198203401576,Recommended,290340,22294150,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,silverwolfdemon,"Armello is a beautiful but relatively simple board game.Armello excels in aesthetics and music but for some gamers (even tabletop gamers) the gameplay can be a bit lacking. How and if you win the game are heavily dependent on RNG. This can be very frustrating to players who want a more strategy based game.RNG determines the outcome of dice rolls, dice rolls determine the outcome of battles, battles determine the outcome of the overall game. To be fair, dice rolls can be manipulated by cards in your hand and by your equipped cards. However, what cards you get is up to RNG and you may end up with poor equipped items or a lack of the card type you desire for any particular battle. Also, the amount of cards you can hold is determined by your wit stat, which always seems to be lacking unless you are a rat (at which point you have very little of any other stat).Aside from RNG, my one qualm with this game is the speed. Waiting for turns to go through can be excruciating. While I recommend watching the characters (as you may find ways to trump them), there are times when all the characters are in stealth... So you will sit there, listening to them rummage around for a bit, waiting for your turn while almost nothing happens visually. I HIGHLY recommend turning on 'Quick AI Encounters' after your first game. This will speed up the turns quite a bit.There are 4 victories you are capable of attaining: prestige, kingslayer, spirit stone, and rot. By far, the easiest victory to attain is the prestige victory; it depends more on strategy than any other victory. Rot is the hardest victory to attain; it is highly reliant on RNG. If you are a completionist, or even just want to attain all the victory achievements, you will be kept busy for quite a while. However, if you are fine playing it once through, it will maybe keep you occupied an hour or two.I recommend the game if you like to fight against the odds and have decent luck with RNG.I do not recommend the game if you hate RNG dependent mechanics (for which there are many)."
76561198156626658,Recommended,290340,29761030,Posted: 7 February,all,Mad-Doggo,i love it. i feel like 80% luck 20% skill lol
76561198038424499,Recommended,290340,30068679,Posted: 20 February,all,Krishirish,"A great little role playing strategy game with cute graphics, excellent mood music and lots of replayability including online multiplayer.Armello is a well designed game whose main game mechanic revolves around traversing a fixed map of varying terrain and obstacles with your player character.  It is a turn based game which allows you build deceptively complex strategy with a little bit of luck.  Any person familiar with table top role playing will understand the mechanics of Armello well.  Gain cards in your hand and play them with the appropriate resources (money, magic and in some circumstances prestige or even health).  Move through the map gaining resources and doing quests (by landing on the quest tile and passing a short game of chance).The story behind the game is simple.  Armello's ruler, the king, is dying of rot, an evil infestation making him go mad.  4 seperate factions are vying to take control (wolf, bear, rat and rabbit) through their agents.  The base game comes with 2 agents for each faction.  They are well balanced and will require unique game play strategy to win.  The gameplay is relatively short when you get the hang of it.  Online mutiplayer is not a mode I have tried therefore I can't comment on this aspect of the game.That said I very much like this game.  It isn't an expensive game but the developers have contunually been adding elements and tinkiering with game play.  There are expansions which add 1 new agent for each faction and a soundtrack, but these aren't neccessary to have many hours of fun playing the game."
,Recommended,290340,22185568,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,LifeSucks,"Short:Great game, buy it!9/10Longer:""eeeh, a game with cute animals, boring..."" - do not fear the furriness! Game is quite dim and brutal with lot of tactics and some luck, cute furries are just added content. Game looks like a board game with some uncommon mechanics (like invisibility at night), and plays like one. You play against 3 other players and try to win the throne. It is a solid mix of a tactical, card and dice game with elements of resources management. Includes loads of thinking and luck. Characters are well balanced, community is nice and devs are really into improving this game."
,Recommended,290340,32838888,Posted: 26 June,all,Metsushiro,"FIRST TIME PLAYINGPlayedmore than 2 hrsFUN FACTSThe story resolves around a dying corrupted King who is infected by the Rot and has given his soul to Darkness. Each player plays strategically with the main goal of taking over the throne.GAMEPLAYːGreenCubeː Fantastic graphics! Even the menu screen is beautifulːGreenCubeː Funny and helpful tutorialːGreenCubeː Tutorial has cutscenes, it was pretty and entertainingːGreenCubeː Single player and multiplayer modeːGreenCubeː Card gallery so you can eyeball good cards for laterːGreenCubeː Cash shop items to change character skin and new diceːGreenCubeː Ability to equip items and gain followers during a matchːGreenCubeː Ability to mess up other player's stats *evil*ːGreenCubeː Can select an assortment of jewelry bonuses before a matchːGreenCubeː Can unlock more jewelry for free by meeting in-game requirements.ie: play bunny hero x-timesːGreenCubeːːLightRedCubeː Matches are kinda longFINAL THOUGHTSIt's rare that I play more than 2 hrs on a first play. With that said, I'm also tempted to jump into buying all the DLC... maybe later XD//a few days later: buys board skins pack... xDI look forward to trying the multiplayer mode once I figure out what I'm doing ^_^http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=956777986http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=956778023http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=956778062More screenies:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=956778091http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=962837957http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=956778168http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=956778044"
,Recommended,290340,16368318,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,WeAreGeek,"In this 4-player competetive board game you take the role of one of four heroes from the great animal clans (wolf, bear, rabbit and rat) each having their own strenghts and weaknesses.I could use a lot of words describing the game mechanics , but then again, just watch this video from Pinstar:https://youtu.be/bYm87khL55wPros:Play online in public games, against friends in private games, or offline against AI opponents.Four different win-conditions allows for various strategies.Gorgeous graphics style and sound.Very well thought out card and dice system.Playing time is approximately an hour, so you can easily squeeze in a match in your busy schedule.Cons:Although strategy is involved, so is a lot of luck.No hot-seat mode (the game mechanics won't allow this, because cards are hidden from other players and it's possible to perform actions when it's not your turn).No LAN- or dedicated server-mode, which is really a shame. Dependency on a central server is never a good thing. Hopefully the devs will fix this."
76561198164405631,Recommended,290340,17851084,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,FloxDutch,"I've played quite a lot while this game was in early-acces and finally decided to create a review since it's just fully released. So here's my quick review :DPros:- A lot of strategy: There is a time limit of around 1.5 minute online per turn. You really need this time to complete your turn properly. Every move is a decision.- Great artwork: The game just looks absolutely amazing. Especially the cartoonish artwork in the 'fight scenes'.- RNG: The game works with random cards you get in your hand, this makes every match a different experience. The fight system works with dices, so you can get lucky or very unlucky, but overall, the player with the best odds wins most of the battles.The RNG part is something you may or may not like. I personally liked the RNG part, because the winner of the match is still mostly decided by skill, not RNG.Cons:- Slow: In an online game you are waiting most of the time. This isn't that much of a problem since you can still play cards while it's not your turn, but still, one game takes about one hour.- Matchmaking: Getting into an online match can take some time.EDIT: As of now, the wait timers are very reasonable.Overall this game is worth your money if you like Strategy games and can enjoy the RNG parts."
76561198025903245,Recommended,290340,17852701,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Horkorstan,"This is basically Redwall: The Game.  I heartily recomend this to anyone who ever read either Readwall or Mistmantle or any of those types of books.  The game is very fun, somewhat addicting, and has an awesome soundtrack.  Totally worth the $20, although if that's too much for you, you can probably get it on sale during one of Steam's big sale events"
76561197999125315,Recommended,290340,17848697,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Bors de Ganis,"I've only had a few hours to play the game but I see a lot of potential here. The artwork is absolutely spectacular, soundtrack is great, and it really does feel like the kind of board game I'd want to buy to play with my friends. (Hint hint development team.) :)As for bugs and the like I've, so far, only had two issues. The game force quit itself during the tutorial one time on me. I've also had issues with the in game camera. For some reason when I try to move around the board the camera will only move towards the four corners of the screen.Other than that (crashes happen and I'm sure if enough people have the camera issue they'll fix it) I highly recommend."
,Recommended,290340,17862855,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,DmgOvrTym,I recomend this game to every one I know and random people on the street too...
76561197987888190,Recommended,290340,17622969,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,&infin Monkeys,"Armello is exactly what it looks like, a beautiful, fun, surprisingly deep board game. It's also simply beautiful. The character design, the art design, the music...it's all just perfect. Stop screwing around reading reviews and buy this game."
,Recommended,290340,19860935,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Ray,"It's like Talisman, but with less rage."
76561198048963850,Recommended,290340,20365303,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,pink bubbles,"Armello is awesome. You like strategic boardgames dont miss out on this. I havent played boardgames in a while since my brother always won in axis and allies (he played online and knew every tactic), boring for me. Anyway this gamebrought me back in, and im pleased. No matter which tactic you decide on, the possibility that you have to/should/must  reconsider is always there. No matter how dark things look, even near endgame you can turn it all around and laugh as you crush your enemies confidence in their win. The only downside I can think of is the ragequitters and disconnects although they are replaced by AIs the AI isnt very smart and can cheat you of certain victory in the most stupid way like attacking the boss and dying in the progress giving the victory to your enemy. This is not near enough to keep me away and I highly recommend this game to anyone actually, even my daughter and wife looks on sometimes and find it interesting(my wife hates videogames). I will try and talking her into buying it aswell ;P thumbs up"
76561198011753764,Recommended,290340,29773766,Posted: 7 February,all,zoom,"This game is so Insanley addictive for people who enjoy board games , so many stratagy so many play style you can even adopt to other players play style as you go in turns . need small improvement on bugs considering the game been out since 2015 . also needs ranked mode to keep players hooked. looking also for more hereos even though 12 is more than enough."
76561197998020861,Recommended,290340,14152274,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,dogfishpaws,"Vibrant graphics, characters and animated cards, beautiful environment and effects. Get this if you like strategy and board games!"
76561198067747130,Recommended,290340,21243237,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,shosuro006,"I like the mechanics of this game. It is a nice choice for passing the time.  I have not tried multiplayer yet, but can recongnize a somewhat griefing tactic to the game. I would recommend playing the single player mode about 10-12 times to get a feel for the flow of the game. I do not think it is a game for everyone. The dice do not go in your favor very often and takes a great deal of building for some of the lower stat line characters to skew the odds more to your side. If you enjoy board games I think you would enjoy this as well."
,Recommended,290340,34963724,Posted: 14 September,all,👽🐬 Old Black Nerd🐬👽,Still one of the best digital board games ever made. The devs continue to develop it 2 years later. Regular multiplayer challenges with other people and the devs. It looks beautiful and plays well. Worth the buy
76561197986239584,Recommended,290340,31299701,Posted: 22 April,all,DarqHelmet,"Great game, enjoy the game play and looking foward to unlocking all the charms. Working on getting my friends onboard for more multiplayer fun. Wish local MP was possible."
76561198128396261,Recommended,290340,17895780,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,spudmuffin26,"From the totally unique aesthetics to the wonderfully original gameplay, Armello has it all. The moment the opening cutscene began, I knew I had bought something special. A one-of-a-kind boardgame/rpg experience. The lore and core story are epic as the best medieval stories (Armello TV series please, League of Geeks) and the quests are all entertaining and have a great Dungeons and Dragons flair about them. And let me just praise the tutorial segment of the game. It's done EXACTLY how a tutorial should be. It eases the players into the (seemingly) complicated mechanics, but in an organic, story-driven way that is entertaining and informative. By the end of it, I had a firm grasp of how to play, was ready to dive right into my own game, but I also was so excited to learn more, find all the secret quests and fill up my card collection. A true gem of a gaming experience."
,Recommended,290340,17900164,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,pandaryll,"I am recommending this game BUT not for the audience its art style might attract. That is not saying that its art is sub-class or lacking; no, it is actually quite the opposite; since it will cater to a large number of players, both old and young. But I find that as a problem for this game...since the cute, 'wolf in sheep's clothing' (with some pun intended) art style masks the complex mechanics this game offers.Though, it was able to hook me as a player. But yet again, not for entirely the right reasons. I find that there is too much randomness in its mechanics - from perils, wild sun dice rolls, rewards, king's orders, drawn cards...there's too much randomness that forbids me to create a good, well thought-out strategy from the get-go that would allow me to say at the end of a campain, ""ggwp""."
76561197989899472,Recommended,290340,18100048,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,tchatter,"Excellent game. Visually appealing and the sound and atmosphere is amazing. However, the ""strategy"" isn't quite there and I'm not sure if it ever will be. The ""easy"" win condition is just stack Prestige and wait until day 9, which isn't that hard to do. This game really shines when played multiplayer as the single player experience lacks smart AI. I would still recommend this to friends as I believe that the developers will address the ""strategy"" issue and make the all of the win conditions a bit more balanced."
76561198032913508,Recommended,290340,25543930,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Impera Inspiron,"Pros:-Creative and interesting gameplay with many possible tactics and strategy combination to achieve victory-Various kind of heroes with unique  power,each has its own strengths and weaknesses making a balanced gameplay-Nice graphics and music and overall theme is matching and harmonized-Can be played over and over again without boring because each game needs different approach as there are 4 possible ways to win with 4 different players,each with their own strategy and counter strategy.Cons.-Sometimes we can get lucky,sometimes bad luck strikes throughout the game making comeback to be unlikely.-The game length can't be adjusted,meaning the King always started with certain amount of health and nothing much we can do to adjust this through gameplay.-There is no restricted period from entering palace, meaning someone can just enter palace early game and with extra luck finished the game without the giving the chance for us to enjoy the game first.Overall, the pros outweight the cons. the cons mainly about luck which don't always happen. I rate this game 8.5/10."
76561198081770768,Recommended,290340,14134004,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Big_Cat_Piranha,This game is great! It is exactly what it claims to be: a video game that incorporates the strengths of both board games and video games. The only caveat that I have is that there is no hotseat. This would perfect the incorporation of board and video games in my mind.
76561197997971552,Recommended,290340,17923464,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,NeVar-Corax,Warning no Local-Couch-Multiplayer included. Only Local-Area-Network Multiplayer.Otherwise a neat game with really WONDERFULL Visuals!
76561198021702018,Recommended,290340,17274798,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,ON A MISSION,"Looks like a board game, plays like a board game.Not too much else to say about it.I recommend playing it with friends rather than public random players."
76561197990372391,Recommended,290340,17841472,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Ryno_76,"Alright, I'm not a very big gamer and I just like to play games every now and then. But Armello is fantastic!! In my experience, I have never played a game like it. The theme is awesome and probably the number one element that drew me to the game in the first place. The music is great, and the gameplay is unique. I really like the tabletop aspect to it. Armello has become one of my favorite games, especially for light strategy I like to call it. You can be in and finnished with a sinlge game relitivly quickly; probably between an hour and an hour and a half in my experience. And for me with the strategy games I play (Total War, Sid Miers, etc.) it feels nice. I feel satisfied when a game ends and I do tend to ask myself the question ""Another round?""In my opinion, there aren't many other games of this quality for this price and experience around. You don't need a massive computer to enjoy playing it.  One of my top favorite games for sure! If you don't have it, well, change it, 'cause you should."
,Recommended,290340,17870331,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Moonspeak,"Beautiful, great gameplay, and the team is delivering amazing updates on the regular."
,Recommended,290340,17841507,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,KrossWinter,"It's a fun game that is ASOIAF-esque, with a great potential for multiplayer shennanigans. I played it back during early access mostly, before the bulk of the content, and the developers were attentive and worked to make the game more balanced and fun. Games aren't necessarily long, but it's certainly a good buy, IMO."
,Recommended,290340,17856072,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Serenis,"It's just fun. It's really that simple, just relax enjoy sneak around the board try to deceive your oppenents set up traps, steal there cards(:  or run and hide an let everyone wipe themselves out. so many options. tons of fun :P"
76561198100198999,Not Recommended,290340,31477732,Posted: 30 April,all,Lash,No local multplayer for a board game is very dissapointing.
,Not Recommended,290340,23216261,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Frosty,"I want to love this game, I really do. It's just that it's held back by absurdly clunky UI, lack of graphical options, and the fact that stat-boosting items are progression locked for some inexplicable reason. While the game's atmosphere and its core mechanics are interesting, it's just bogged down by its appalling execution. There is a strange lack of borderless windowed in the video options and there is no way to turn off the clouds above the game board if you try to zoom out. There isn't even a way to look at the whole board, nor does the in-game UI give any at-a-glance information. Instead, you are stuck clicking in and out of menus just trying to keep track of each player's information.The gameplay itself is incredibly boring, even by board gaming standards. Eighty percent of the time is spent waiting for things to happen, only interspersed with several seconds of dice rolling, reformulating strategy, or watching the AI take its turn. Even the amount of RNG in the game is exceptionally high. While granted, there are several ways to reduce the RNG required, the sheer number of times it comes up-- spawning enemies, loot tables, King's choices, perils, dungeons-- puts it way over the top. The card decks are heavily watered down with seemingly no copies of cards, meaning that the chance of drawing specific cards in order to avoid RNG or simply be useful are slim. The only way to remove useless cards from your hand is to blindly charge into perils or combat in order to 'burn' them.If you want a strategy game, look elsewhere. If you're into dice-rolling and short trips to your local Taco Bell but can't afford to play Warhammer 40k, then this is the game for you."
76561198042417214,Recommended,290340,28173193,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Asyr,"Armello might be the first digital board game that I enjoy very much.It has good looking and cute graphics, is easy to comprehend and one match won't take longer than an hour.It's great for playing online with friends, and most of the characters are well-rounded.Sometimes a match will make you feel like the game wants to screw you over, but that can really be attributed to plain bad luck with the random number generator. In the next match after that, the table can turn in your favor again.The ""board"" is randomly generated each match so that no settlement, mountain or dungeon will ever be in the same place.I can recommend this game for everyone who enjoys competing board games with friends!"
,Recommended,290340,28210895,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,voltzila,"It's Munchkin, but with cute fuzzy animals."
76561198030863803,Not Recommended,290340,29355033,Posted: 19 January,all,SerBlackKnight,"I have not only bought this game for myself but also convinced 3 more of my friends to buy it so we can all play together. And instead of getting rewarded after each game, we do not get loot so if we need to get any dice loot (without having to buy it from another player) we have to play against strangers.That may seem ok BUT you are not allowed to work with your friend to achieve victory since everyone seems to threaten you that you will get banned because you are cooperating. A crappy loot system and developers who are banning you because you have a different opinion about the most ridiculous loot system in any game.The reason they have stopped loots from 4man premade games is to prevent people from farming dice...when they have ALREADY added a limit to how many dice you can get daily which makes the whole thing contradicting to itself.All in all a nice game but only if you don't have enough friends to play it with (and i wonder if i am the only one that thinks it should be the other way around in the worst case scenario)For the record this is my ban message:""Actually i am wrong about the COOP tag...but nontheless there is nowhere a statement when you buy the game that that is the case...so still my point is valid""Ban Reason:""Intentionally provocative and disrespectful language, directed at both the developers and peers. Breathe, relax and treat people with respect."""
76561198002565022,Recommended,290340,31406724,Posted: 27 April,all,YoloToast,"Pretty great game. Only problems are disconnections/bugs, but in my personal experience I have not come across any except for some minor sound bugs, which were fixed in the latest update."
,Recommended,290340,18213993,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Jespazzy,Yes I'm a furry. No I didn't buy this game because I'm a furry. I watched Jesse Cox play it and became interested. Did I still   yiff to Armello 34? Yes
76561197985808786,Recommended,290340,24162345,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Gix,"The default rules makes it a bit difficult for players who are behind to be able to catch up but, overall, it's a pretty clever game."
76561198056590645,Recommended,290340,19834857,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Sylas,As of this review 61 hours played and loving the game. Well made with a bit of a learning curve that is also fun.Highly recommend!
,Recommended,290340,25895172,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,"Ritunn, Nightmare Weaver","After playing 10 games of Armello here are my thoughts on the game. Armello is a online tabletop game with a game of thrones vibe, except with animals. It combines the aspects of tabletop RPGs with questing, equipment and stats with the competitiveness of any free for all tabletop game.My thoughts on the game as goes is that it hits a solid 8/10. The graphics are amazing, gameplay is pretty good  and music is gorgeous. It's a unique take on tabletop gaming and something I would suggest to any fan of these types of games. Of course if you aren't a fan of leaving lots of aspects of the game to somewhat controlled luck, then I suggest you don't buy this game."
,Recommended,290340,29727842,Posted: 5 February,all,BillOhReally,"In Armello, you play as a hero representing of one of four clans (Rat, Rabbit, Wolf and Bear) vying for the throne of Armello. At the start of the game, the King of Armello is infected by the Rot and starts dying slowly. You and three other players must gain prestige, fight battles and cast spells while the king descends into madness and finally dies in order to ensure your place as his successor on the throne of Armello.I've fallen in love with Armello for several reasons:It is a deep strategic tabletop-like experience with multiple paths to victory and interesting decisions throughout.It has an epic scope with games lasting around one hour and half with each turn being more exciting than the last and never leaving you bored.The game design is top-notch, its greatest success is that no matter how behind I am, I've never felt out of the game.It has beautiful 2D and 3D artwork and animations.If any of this sounds interesting to you then I hope to see you in Armello."
76561197998286006,Recommended,290340,33944603,Posted: 1 August,all,Fur Fag,"Easily the most addictive strategy/digital board game I have ever played. I've taken the time to buy all the major DLC, and even the PS4 version (with no regrets). It's a game I have put several hours into between both versions I own, and plan on sticking with it for the entirety of its' life span. I'm eager to know what game League of Geeks will develop next after this, or perhaps just along side it."
,Recommended,290340,21265909,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,/venison,good game
,Recommended,290340,27308030,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sgt. Whiskas,10 rotten bears of 10
,Recommended,290340,19058078,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,UberDonut,"This game is very much worth the money. It's an extremely fun turn-based board game with a lot of interesting mechanics. Being a digital board game it does employ some mechanics that would otherwise be impossible in a real-world counterpart. The aesthetic is absolutely wonderful, the animations are great, and the music is great too. If you've got 20 bucks laying around, I cannot recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,290340,23022185,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,alextapfish,This is a great strategic game where thinking ahead provides a great advantage. The gameplay and the uniqueness of it is outstanding. Recommended to everyone who enjoys turn based games.
,Not Recommended,290340,29279962,Posted: 15 January,all,Anri,"This game has potential but it hasn't been reached.There is a bug in here and certain mechanics that merits from me recommending this game even after playing it for about 80 hours.A major bugWhen a player leaves a game in the middle of an ""action"" taking place, it can ruin the whole game for anyone playing that game. The NPC have no idea what to do. Once the player leaves, the npc stand still forever. That round of a game is gone.This bug has been hanging since the beginning of the game's inception but it has improved over time.But don't let that stop someone when you do them wrong. They would abuse it for the chance to ruin your game.Order of TurnIf you are the first to go in any game, you have an advantage over the player going last. In fact, going last leaves you at a bigger disadvantage to anyone going before you.This is due to how some of the cards are balance.There are ""Spells"" card that put some players at a disadvantage. Some of them that  hinders movement on the board.If you are first, you will NEVER be hindered. The day and night cycle will always give you the advantage to be reset your status. You will always go the maximum distance and no one can do anything about that.You will also have the advantage of casting these spell to hinder the players as well.PlayerMost of the game is played online for a better experience.However, that can be turn against you when this game is suppose to be a free for all.You will find games where it is 2v1 or 3v1! It is not a enjoyable experience to be bullied.There is no Soloqueue.And also not to mention the AFK botter who are farming the keys and chest of this game."
,Recommended,290340,22310387,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Nr.33 Obst. Riko Travis,"NEW and Updated Opinions on the game Armello... ROUND 2)I started off with some pretty low expectations and rushed a review out displaying my first impressions of the game as fast as I could.... But now through multiple playthroughs and many different outcomes My overall opinion has changed on the game so let me break it down to three catagories, the good, the bad, and the ugly....The Good,- The gameplay has improved over time, where at some times the game would drop a frame like skrillex drops a beat  expecially when rolling dice, but now it's much much more smoother.- The many ways you can ♥♥♥♥ over another player and prevent them from winning proves how much of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ people are in games, in one scenario, I had high prestiege and prevented another player from slaying the king before I could claim prestiege victory.-there are many different cards you collect will change your strategy up a bit. makes for multiple playthroughs.- The Animations and opening cutscene are amazing!- NEW DICE!!!- Bandit clan lots of fun!The Bad,- Prestiege is wayyy to easy to win while other victories are much more harder... This needs to be balanced out.- Because prestiege is the easiest, even with different cards, the game can get repetitive sometimes- Even though there are alot of cards, I would like to see more, like you would see in card games... But this is a personal gripe of mine.The UglyNot really much that wasn't allready mentioned in the Bad SectionOverallI do enjoy the game alot more than before, but at times it leaves me wanting more content in this game..."
,Recommended,290340,29641656,Posted: 1 February,all,honidian,Varying win conditions. Unique magic system. Enjoyable combat mechanics.
76561198068978626,Recommended,290340,16425743,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Pepper,I love it and very  adictive...Can not wait to see what else is in store for this game...It would be awesome if we could custom  add things to our char. ..that alone would be icing on the cake.
,Recommended,290340,30150792,Posted: 24 February,all,Superscooter,"A board game with beautiful art, music and characters. Much like any game with dice, it heavily relies on RNG. The end result feels very similar to games just like 100% Orange Juice. Let me make this clear: this game may present itself as a strategy game based on how it looks, but it truly is a board game at heart. The only difference is you can play it online with friends. The store page DOES say stuff like ""deep and emergent strategy"" to describe Armello, and that is only PARTIALLY true. No matter what, there will be some actions you can think about taking that will probably benefit you in the long run, such as *attempting* to kill your character to make it to your quest faster, but you always have to consider RNG instead making you blow through what you're trying to die against. You can easily have a game where you reign supreme with good card draws and luck (Hot Rot Wine is extremely overpowered in any victory scenario, the steal others cards power should be cheaper and more common), and some games you accomplish nothing because someone else already screwed you over very early on (also making them highly unlikely to win if they also die) or the game RNG just hates you very much.The point here I'm trying to make is that you get a varied, different game in each session. Some will be really ballsy and take on the King early (watch out for the Sana), and some trip into a rot victory, although it is unlikely. Sometimes a player can get 3 Spirit stones in a span of fifteen minutes because no one interrupts them, they get a lucky stone circle spawn, and the stone circle luckily has the random quest that allows you to get yet another spirit stone. There is no competitive in this game, and there never will or should be because of how the game works, so I'm also baffled at how people complain this hard about how the game works. This isn't like XCOM where the entire rest of your game is screwed because the game decided it should be, Armello isn't continuous. It's an about-hour session that is separate from every other.In my last statement, I'm going to specifically call out the people leaving negative reviews just because now there are seven dollar skins that neither look impressive or cool enough to purchase. Who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥ There's no doubt in my mind that someone is stupid enough to buy them, and regardless, they do not impact gameplay in the slightest. Same with the dice skins - you know, unlike CERTAIN OTHER GAMES with the chest/key system, in Armello you get a chance for a key and chest every single multiplayer game, win or lose. I would say this is very fair.TL;DR Please don't purchase Armello imagining it's probably some unique take on Civilization or grand/strategy. Instead, purchase it because of the fun you can have from the unexpected, even better with friends.P.S.: Please integrate the Steam feature ""recent players"" into Armello so you can probably make friends off of this game.Edit: When the hell will the mobile version come out"
76561198069334803,Recommended,290340,17869384,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Neosora,"Armello is one of those titles for slow tactical gamers that like to enjoy a Challange of the Mind and Patience... Only those who  know how to conceal their intent will stay out of the crossfire to win any given game...This game is all about the multiplayer so dont bother with the AI...Play the tutorial and jump in, thats it.The smarter player will always win. Choose your way to win and see yourself either trying to protect or kill the King in the Centre of the map. Recognizing the wintype your enemy is going for will almost always lead to easier victories.As a noob id go for prestiege wins first..As for now nobody really knows how to play so prepare for easy wins and ragequits..All in all the game is good. I just hope it becomes more popular and people learn how to not ♥♥♥♥ up and ragequit -.-"
,Recommended,290340,17864826,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Vulpsi,"VERY well done game.The combat, graphics, story... Basically EVERYTHING works with this game.That being said, its lacking a certain kind of polish.In my brief time of playing, I have been constantly plagued by audio bugs, such as crackling audio, delayed audio, doubled and sometimes tripled audio, certain sounds not muting when the sound sliders are set to 0 (mainly the life-stones and the banes noises).Another grievance I have with this game, is the lack of a proper graphical options menu, instead you have the choice of, ""Very Low"" to ""Very High"" settings. I am aware that this is a duel launch game also made for the Sony PlayStation, but this does not excuse this.ALLLL of that being said tho, do I hate this game?No, far from it, I adore this game, to the point that in my brief time playing, it has managed to work its way into my heart,  topping off my favorite games, at least for the time being.On a side note, they really nailed the, ""board game"" aspect with the Dice roles. 90% of them resulting in your face being melted by the pure hatred of the dice, but the other 10% turn out to be as if some divine figure reaching down and giving each of them a soft kiss.TL;DR: If you like board games and can deal with a bad options menu, get this game, you will NOT regret it.(Also, no I did not just buy this because it has anthro characters...)"
76561198055914763,Recommended,290340,17918720,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,GruntwoO,"[FR/ENG] Un résumé est disponible pour ceux que ce pavé rebute :D / A resume is available under this big aera of text :DJe donne ici un avis subjectif, mais si cela peut vont vous convaincre d'acheter cette petite perle je serais comblé :)Armello est un jeu fonctionnant avec un système de jeu de cartes un peu rpg avec une vue de dessus et des personnages furry, présenté comme un jeu de plateau ou -MALHEUREUSEMENT- la majorité des actions fonctionnent aux dés ou à d'autres mesures totalement hasardeuses (en plus la malchance me colle à la peau...) c'est un jeu qui peux se jouer entre amis (mais toujours pas de local) pour des parties amusantes de 30 à 45 min, ou contre des bots, ou/et principalement en multiplayer, player pool pas énorme mais suffisante pour trouvé des games assez vite. Et, WOUAH un jeu vraiment beau avec de la musique superbe qui accompagne le tout, ça me fout une claque à chaque fois oO !En outre [FR / EN]LES PLUS + :Le gameplay est rafraichissant / refreshing gameplayDes graphismes magnifiques / beautiful graphismUn univers fantasy avec des dessins incroyables / fantasy universe with amazing drawingPlusieurs possibilités de victoires / 4 winning possibilitiesPas mal de cartes aux actions variés / many cards with various actions8 champions jouables avec des capacités différentes (2 perso par clan) / 8 playable characters with different skills (2 char per tribe)Un objectif unique et simple, une histoire sobre et un peu originale / a unique and simple objective, a short story with some originalityDes perso furry *-* / Furry char *-*Tu peux être un lâche un héro un idiot un explorateur un sorcier (ce que tu veux) ! / You can be a coward a hero an idiot an explorator a sorcerer (what you want) !Une super OST ! / incredible OST !Un champ de bataille généré quasi-aléatoirement / an almost randomly generated battlefieldUn tuto sympathique qui nous présente les 4 personnages principaux / a nice tuto who show us the 4 principal charactersLES MOINS - :Trop aléatoire, je n'ai pas de chance :( / Too random, i don't have luck :(On aimerais pouvoir regardé la partie de plus haut mais un effet de nuage nous en empêche / We would like to watch the game from the sky but an odd cloud effect blind usLes paramètres ne se sauvegarde pas quand on quitte le jeu / Settings don't save when we leave the gameLe tuto n'est pas ultra complet, vous mettrez du temps avant d'avoir le jeu en main / empty-like tutorial, you'll need time to handle the game properlyCertaines des possibilités de victoires sont trop dures / some victory possibilities are too hardLes Joueurs sont sans pitié mouahaha / Players have no mercy mouahahaJe pense que c'est à peu près tout, je mettrait à jour quand il y aura de nouvelles MaJ / I think that's almost all, i will change when updates will come outJ'espère que je vous aurais aidé à faire votre choix, n'hésité pas à laisser un commentaire et à indiquer si oui ou non mon commentaire vous a aidé, j'en serait ravi :) et merci d'avoir tout lu ^^Hope that helped you to make your choice, pls leave a message and say if it was useful or not, i'll be happy :) and thx for taking time to read ^^"
76561198031525608,Recommended,290340,17859374,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,blind.cap.pie,"If you're a board gamer, or have sunk hours into Dokapon/100% Orange Juice - this is probably going to scratch your itch. The rules were easy enough to pick up after one game, and any other questions we had were quickly answered by the game manual (which is hidden in the escape menu). The characters seem relatively balanced, and thankfully, not pandering to furries.The game has solid depth, and I could see myself replaying it for the forseeable future before it gets stale (I'm estimating about 60 games). Playing around with different characters and pushing yourself for the more difficult victory conditions is a riot while everyone scampers around the map jumping on each other to prevent everyone from doing the same. While there's a healthy element of randomness to it all, much of the luck can be mitigated by smart plays, so generally the more skilled players win. That said, the card element is a little tricky to control, and I do wish there was a way of influencing your draws other than by card type.Just note: this is a short game that's meant to be replayed. There is only one 'map', and the game lasts around 40 minutes; even though the trailer would seem to have you believe that it's some kind of sprawling epic. The map itself is relatively small, but that serves to keep everyone running into each other consistently, which is point.Make sure you have a friend along for the ride, because the amount of banter you're about to get up to on Skype is worth the price of admission alone."
,Recommended,290340,17859819,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,stefanw1337,"This game is pretty amazing, but it suffer somewhat alittle bit from the RNG-devil. I mean you can have high prestige at the end of the game(talking in multiplayer) and loose like 4 prestige at the last round because there's ""anti-cards"" to your strategy and stuff. That makes for a pretty interesting and fun gameplay(for those that get those cards).Multiplayer suffer in other areas too:1. Matchmaking is also suffering from the ""someone picked my hero, so I'll go and rejoin another game"". There's no penalty for leaving, and the ones that ragequit mid-game will get an AI instead. And yes, it has happened, the AI won that time :P2. There's no proper chat, it's all predefined lines you can say, like in Hearthstone. It opens for console of course, but it's kinda annoying that you can't ""talk stragegy"" at all. You can't say exactly what you want. But you can try add them on steam as their steam ID is the ingame one.3. You can sit awhile and wait for people to join the extremely simple matchmaking in like ONE lobby room. Games can take long maybe up to an hour or hour'n'a'half.Lastly, I want to apologize to the one player that we kinda made a pact from the start of the game against the two other players. Some cards allow you to gain resources as long as one of you don't die. And that I had to kinda ""backstab"" him in the end, I had 10 prestige and was closest of the two of us to win, I had pretty good shields and I knew he had loads of +fight. And the quickest way I could get to the one about to attack the king was to get killed in order to go back home(and it was closer to the winning guy, due to perils blocking of the quickest path. And so we still didn't make it, but that wanted me to explain myself and my tactic after I attacked him and tossed ALL I had at him(had to maintain the prestige if I happen to win), but you can't.. Can't say anything, and he kept using the treathen lines at me.It's a pretty addictive game over all,unlocking stuff as you win matches and gain ""XP"" for starter ""items"" and ""favors"" I guess they're called.And I'm really looking forward to future DLC of new characters, new cards, new rings and favors as well as new maps(? -because the maps are randomized every game) or new texture-set for current map. I'll buy it all! :)"
76561198030935069,Recommended,290340,17341304,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,sdbishop1221,"I grabbed this game last minute in early access, and I'm glad I did.  Quick rundown:The world of Armello itself looks great and feels very alive already, even though I've been playing for only a few days.  I'd love to see something like a single player story mode for each character in the full release or down the road, because I feel like the characters have strong potential for development.  That would also expand the gameplay possibilities in single player.As for the gameplay specifically, it seems complicated at first, but it doesn't take long to pick up.  There are tool tips everywhere, so you can figure out everything on your own at your own pace.  I also believe tutorials will be added for the full game.  That should help.I see just a couple drawbacks in the game right now.  First, it seems the A.I. is a bit overwhelmed by it all.  Once you have the basics down, it's clear that if you come in with a specific victory in mind, it's not too difficult to win a single player game.  With just one difficulty level, there's no scalability to the challenge; once you've figured out how to win, you routinely beat the computer.Second, it's hard to find a multiplayer game at the moment, but that's an easy fix as long as the userbase expands on full release.Those concerns aside, I'm quite impressed with this game, and it should only improve as it leaves early access."
,Recommended,290340,23894947,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,theblackcat,"Wow, where do I even begin with this game?Within the last 5 days of purchasing it, I have already clocked 24 hours, (not Skyrim can top that).At first I was weary because a lot of people didn't like it because it depends on chance. No, not if you play your cards right. It's very similar to table top games like Warhammer, the actual warhammer version. Once, I got a hang of it, I have so much trouble putting it down.Not to mention the art style and characters. They're all so pretty and unique, and speaking of characters each one has their own special abilities, but that doesn't mean you follow what you think they would.  Again, it's about playing your cards right.The music, the art style, the character design and style it just blends together well with the game design. The only flaw would be the multiplayer, my friend and I either can't find other people, or it cuts out really badly, (although I do like being able to replace players with AI)Also my friend said ""I would play this more than Call of Duty Black Ops 3""THAT's saying something"
,Recommended,290340,17222779,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Lowrater,"Armello is a turn-based game with cards and cubes with 4 different heroes, with different stats and abilitys where you have to win the kings trust and get retribution of citys while defending your self agens 3 other players either locally with AI or online, while deadly banes sneaking close to you to stand in the way.We have 4 heroes to play as. Thane the wolf, Mercurio the rat, Sana the bear or Amber the bunny. Each hero has it own stats and what their specialty is. Every player has 3 Ap start points (Points to move around the map). When you have picked a hero, you can choose a ring which will give +1 in a stat. When you're in the game, you can choose between 3 quests, and after that there wil be displayed your flag over a area you need to take care of to also recieve your quest items etc. Besides this, there is instances that gives loot, money etc. At night ""banes"" will come out of the instances and will hunt every city and player on the map.The cards gives you a overview of what you can do. Either you pick Item, Spell or Trickery. You need to be aware of what cards you have to win the fights and every card you pick might have a negative effect. If you spend your inventory on cards, you will lose cubes to throw, since they stand for the same. Be aware that some cards need gold before it can be used. The cards can also be throwed at your enemies or on your self or over citys to make traps, effect, health, damage etc. Making traps will show a icon on the area you placed.Besides all this, there is 3 types of gamemodes while playing to win the game. Each player can have it's own tactic and do the same. Either you:  1. Be a king slayer, 2. Spirit s tone victory, or 3. Prestige victory. The king has 7 health and is loseing 1 each day, when he dies some one need to take his place, but the kingdom is guarded by kings guard. If you kill or attack kings guard, the king will set a bounty on your head where every kings guard will follow you. Each game can last up to 60 mins, so you have much to look forward too!Besides what i've written so far, you can already see that the game has much to offer. If you have a hard time under the game, you can always press ESC and re-read the information you got in the first place to get a re-cap. I can gladly recommend this of it's huge amount of quality of content and playtime.Here is a demo:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7I_zoD3lohg"
76561197995892126,Recommended,290340,14152569,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Apex Illusionist,"Armello plays as a board game.  The core mechanics of this game are wonderfully done.  At the time of this review it was still in early release so there are some things that need a bit of tweaking.  So far I have really ejoyed playing this game.  I can't wait for the full release and the extra additions to it.Now that the game has been released, I really enjoy the additions that they have put into this.  It really seems like they put in the proper effort to make this a complete game.  The addition of the extra 4 characters and the new cards and such have made this not just about luck of the dice, but also about strategy.It has been really fun to play this board game style game."
76561197982982005,Recommended,290340,14147559,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,BadMojo,I highly recommend this game..its fun and simple and easy to learn..i like the characters and art style its like a living board game my first match took me 61 minutes vs Ai. The Ai didnt feel op or under powered it felt just right its worth checking out im excited to see what the devs will come up  with and how this game will grow in the future
76561198010466796,Recommended,290340,17050609,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Mr. Bedtime Bear,"It's like playing an amazing board game without all the crappy cleanup!  The game is beautiful, the animations are crisp, the music is spot on and everything feels balanced.  When I stop and realize that this game is still in alpha I'm shocked at how great the potential end product will be.  I've only played for 10 hours or so thus far, but I haven't found a single bug, nothing, zilch, nada.  I love this game and I will keep coming back for more.  Highly recommended and a ""keep up the good work"" to the devs.  If you like board games I seriously doubt you'll be disappointed."
76561198056741879,Recommended,290340,17130865,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Corvo Attano,"Armello, in my experience, is  a fun AND frustrating game. I cant put it down! The single player needs more story, I want to understand this world better than a simple ""click here, click there, the kings a jerk."" I wouldnt even know the charecter backstory unless I read the wiki. That said it's a very refreshing experience, I love Catan and Dungeons and Dragons,  Armello takes some influence from them, but without others to develop the world via voice or any charecter interaction it makes the nostalgia fade at a shockingly fast pace.I would deffinatly reccomend this game to others, Steam Early Access has been riddled with terrible games but it feels like the Devs deffinatly care about players and the product theyre creating. I cannot wait for the next stream and update! I want Armello to be as aclaimed as it should be.Good luck LOG!"
76561198024007103,Recommended,290340,17923716,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,]TPG[firestar,"very cute little game. Designs and plays like a good board game, with lots of dice rolling and replayability"
76561198132649389,Recommended,290340,21052501,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,BeardedFancyman,"EDIT:Forget what I said below... Im editing this review because I still come back to play this game, I still love this game, and Its still just as enjoyable as it was.I dont know what all the DLC related negative reviews are about... you dont have to buy any of it to play, but considering this developer is still updating after all of this time (and dont pretend you dont know the lifecycle of games on here or how quickly theyre abandoned), paying $6 for a cosmetic skin seems like not only a fun visual treat, but a nice way to keep the updates coming.This is still a really good game.___________________________________________________________________________I Love It!Dont be dissuaded by the (few) negative reviews, this game is very much a dice and card based tabletop boardgame, and it does that quite well. There are multiple ways to win, and certain animals have a slight advantage depending on the way you plan to win, not that you are AT ALL limited in choices due to the creature you chose as your avatar.Dying is a part of the game. You WILL DIE. But depending on the strategy youre using to win, you may find that an occasional death is helpful. There is a lot of strategy involved, and as other people have mentioned, one roll of the dice may see you needing to completely revamp your strategy... but as a tabletop gamer, I'm used to that, and find it to be part of the challenge.Single and multiplayer modes available, and I find the AI on single player to be challenging and enjoyable... you can invite friends to multiplayer games or just queue up for a pick-up.I got it for 25% off ($14.99), but it is definitely worth the $19.99 full price.As I write this, I have 18.0 hrs of play time, and that is in two days... so yeah, I kind of like it.If Settlers of Catan, Risk and Hayao Miyazaki had a baby, this would be it; and it is adorable!"
76561198051886049,Recommended,290340,16049809,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Shiroe,"Aloha Steam-ers and Stream-ers,Warning: The following will be presented first by a short blurb about my thoughts on the game, followed by a very dense reflection on the aspects of the game and all the nuances I have come to find during this Early Access Period. If you just want the short and sweet Review, Look only to the first paragraph. If you want the Essay...continue ^_^--Blurb--Currently Early Access: Not all features unlocked, not everything is in final game form, soul of the game and it's potential is immediately apparent. Play with a friend or by yourself.Game of Thrones meets Redwall for an epic ride through the lands of Armello in the format of Settlers of Catan...without all the tradingThis turn based strategy desktop gaming with a furry overtone will have you forming secret coalitions, laying deadly traps, braving forgotten dungeons, hunting deadly creatures, and praying to the RNG gods for their blessing. With multiple methods to achieve victory and only having 16 turns for you to accomplish one of those conditions, this mad dash for the crown will leave everyone scrambling till the last second.Goal of the game: Become King....sounds easy right?How to reach that goal:Kill the King and take the throne by forceBanish the King with magic of the WyldWin the loyalty and support of the peopleEmbrace the Rot and become the new Dark LordPros (imo)-Achievement System: Good long term investment if you wish to discover different strategies of play-Card and Dice combat: Good Planning is countered by Good Luck and vice-versa, makes sure everyone has a chance-Questing System: RPG style of character building along multiple routes to aid you in your victory path-PVP and PVE Adventuring: Fight other players or monsters to enhance your chances of winning-Graphics: Beautiful art with minimal animations subtly draws you into the game as you play-Not a ""Winner's Game"": you've played them before. Everyone who spends 15 turns to attempt to achieve victory has a chance to achieve victory. Lovely aspect of the luck based combat system.Cons (imo)-Combat Log: When first learning the game, you'll be swamped by a feeling of ""what just happened"" a lot. The combat log is small and hard to keep track of since every turn is packed with so much information.-Early Acces Bugs: Not completed yet, so if you're looking for a finished and polished game, you will not be getting that right off the bat. Community and Developers are working to iron them out and plan on improving the game throughout it's life span-Hidden Information: Lots of things about this game I don't know about. I don't know what the goal is, payment plans, development schedules, etc. Putting a lot of trust into the developers. However, considering how much they've done with the game already, I don't think that trust is misplaced.-Addicting: This is just me.....I put it as a con cause you may have a life....I love being addicted to this game.Overall Impression: Love the game, can't wait to see what else they do with it. More characters, cards, etc. So much more is planned for this game and I am enjoying seeing what comes down the pipe.--End of Blurb-- (Yeah...THAT was the short stuff ^_^)--Beginning of Rant and Praise--The once beautiful land of Armello was ruled by a wise and benevolent King. The inherent animosity of the Bear, Rabbit, Rat, and Wolf clans were tamed under his rule. With fair hand and heart, the King provided a place where all would be welcome and war would cease. All was well and right in the world...until the Rot came. Dark magic permeated the land, spawning terrible creatures that roamed the night, preying on the innocent and frightened. With the King's guard called away to confront this evil, another evil arose to line their pockets with gold and wet their blades with blood. Without their protection, the citizens were terrorized by criminals and bandits who thrived in the chaos abound. The once peaceful coalition between the clans have been torn asunder and fear for the future has called the clans to call out for heroes, namely YOU, to claim the throne of a Mad King.The writing in this game, when I take the time to look at it, is simple and straight forward. There is enough spirit and wit (there is a pun there) in this game to give it a kind of life that seems like the next generation of ""board game"" feeling. Growing up with a large family, we had lots of chances to play board games with each other and the once powerful alliance of one game quickly became a bitter rivalry the next. With the dawn of video gaming (that should indicate how old I am that I witnessed this transition), that tabletop game feeling seems to have died out. Why bother playing with such a static field when the bells and whistles of computers and consoles are so much more appealing. Somehow, this game has found a balance between those two aspects. With the graphics of a console game with the core mechanics of a tabletop board game. What's improved is that nobody is saying ""that's against the rules"" and digressing into a 30 minute discussion about what the manual means. The rules are programmed in, and everyone is always subjugated to the same ruling. Maybe that will change in the future when they allow us to create our own games with ""house rules"", but it doesn't change the fact that the rules are always going to be implemented fairly.That's another big part of this game. Fairness. Although there are some things that need balancing still, the goal is to legitimately allow every player a chance at victory. Emphasis on ""Chance"". The luck system in the game keeps it so that there isn't really a ""sure way"" to win every time, you need to learn and adapt to the cards being played, how the board is laid out, and what your opponents are doing. Despite this, a ""good player"" who has strategy and executes their goals effectively will have a distinct advantage over a player who relies completely on luck. So there is a way to be a ""good player"" in a game and reduce the chances of someone sneaking a victory over you by being ""just lucky"".That being said, there are a few aspects of the game that could use improvement. Many of them are mentioned and developed by the discussion boards and forums. The developers seem to be actively interested in the concerns of their gaming community and address each presented problem in some way. Again, the game is still in early access, so there is much to be done, but I have yet to feel like this is a game that is already set in stone, and I am going to just play it. From the time I heard about the game to the time I started playing it, which was only a few weeks, the YouTube videos are already showing that what was mentioned has been addressed and fixed thanks to the watchful eyes of the gamers. It's a very rewarding experience to be a part of.One of the sad things is being forever in Queue to find a public game. Hopefully that will change when more people find out about the game and it begins to hit a larger audience. Playing with the AI, though easy to get a victory out of, allows you to polish and attempt strategies to see how the random luck player would do against you, but I am dying to test out my strategies on other players and interacting with them in this environment. The chat features are somewhat limited, but considering just how cut-throat this game is, perhaps it is best that players are not allowed to rage at each other with harsh words and foul language. This game really is ""you vs the world"", and though sometimes it may seem like every other character is just bashing you, you can still win. If 3 players decide to pick on only one person, and trolls will be trolls, there is still the chance that one person can sneak into the castle and Kill the King. Hopefully, if they change the Rot Victory prerequisites, if one person is being bullied in game, they can get ROT and win!..(am out of space)"
76561198001049127,Not Recommended,290340,23191366,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Squaddle,"Having reached over 100 hours in-game, and with a new update recently released, I've updated what I had originally written to reflect both the current state of the game and my thoughts on the matter.TL;DR  -   Armello has a wonderful visual aesthetic and lore but has about as much ""deep and emergent strategy"" as yahtzee or mario party.  Gameplay has an overwhelming reliance on RNG, resulting in skill and tactics offering no significant impact on the game's outcome and making the gameplay generally frustrating.  Armello is additionally hampered by numerous graphical and UI bugs, a finicky matchmaking system, and one of the worst online multiplayer netcodes I've ever seen.  Well over half of the multiplayer matches I've attempted have never been finished or even started due to one of the issues listed above.Avoid if you have any love for strategy board games and videogames, Armello is nothing of the sort.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I originally wrote a review for the game last year, shortly after the game's release, with around four or five hours of gameplay on my belt.  Although the game had beautiful visuals and a stellar artistic design, I was more than a little bit disappointed in the actual gameplay;  over-reliance on RNG for most of the game's challenges left little control to the player and made most actions unnecessarily frustrating.  I could look past the frequent crashing, bugs, and the sheer difficulty of finding a full game, but the gameplay was a real dealbreaker.As of May 2016, the game's currently on version 1.3, and I have spent roughly 100 hours in-game.  There have been a number of changes made to the game's balance, additional content added, and some new mechanics implemented.  However, the real fundamental issues with the game were not fixed...  If anything, they've been increased with each update.  In it's current state the gameplay is so unbelievably FRUSTRATING that it overpowers whatever good the art, sound, and design give, and the developers really don't give any indication that it's ever going to change.  The real kicker here, though, is that most of the time you aren't even going to experience ANY of this.  The game's multiplayer functionality is completely broken and sporiatically functional, frequently crashing, freezing, or ending multiplayer matchmaking at a moment's notice.  The issues plaguing multiplayer matchmaking have been around since launch, but despite reassurances by the devs that they're working on fixes very little has actually been addressed.Let me explain my gripes with the gameplay in more detail.  Although the store page proudly claims that Armello has 'deep, tactical card play, rich tabletop strategy, and rpg element', spend a few hours in game and you'll quickly find that this is false advertising;  The gameplay is almost entirely dictated by randomness (in the form of card draw, success chance, or dice rolling), leaving virtually no room for any actual strategic planning.  When just going for a ride and messing around, the game's fine fun.  But, the moment you TRY to do something, be it as simple as moving to a specific tile or killing a near-dead creature, you'll more often than not be met with stupid amounts of frustration.Wanted to move a couple of tiles to reach a quest?  Oh, sorry, you spawned an enemy bane that knocks you back, wasting a precious action and forcing you into a combat.  Have six dice for a peril challenge and need to meet only one symbol to beat it?  Sorry, you never rolled what you needed and you succumb to the trap.  Need some defensive equipment to ward off hyperaggressive players?  Wouldn't it be fun if all you drew for three turns straight were scouting, rot-related, or sword cards?    Forced into combat with an enemy, and have to push it out of the way to progress?  Hah, wouldn't it be a shame ifyou dont roll a single goddamn shield, resulting in your spontaneous death and sending you back to start?This level of crap doesnt happen to you EVERY game, but its not a rare occurance by a longshot, and in each game hands down at least one or two players are going to get the short end of the stick while the others move unhindered.  A little RNG is good for games, as it keeps them fresh, but EVERY ACTION you can do in this game is a gamble with very little reward and a whole lot of risk.  And, unlike other games heavily reliant on RNG, there's NO limitations imposed on it.  You're equally likely to get ♥♥♥♥ed over when you're down as you are when you've spent the game trying your best to stay in the top.  When the latter happens, it's pretty annoying, but when the former happens you flat out want to uninstall the game.Even when I win, it never feels earned, and from personal experience none of the players ever leave these games feeling particularly happy or satisfied.  I WANT to like Armello.  I keep diving back in now and then and try to find some kind of enjoyment for this game, but every time I end up closing the game for the same reasons.  I do feel like Armello is a huge waste of potential and could be a much deeper, skill and strategy-based game... but right now its just 'pray to the RNG gods for good luck'.If you're art-focused and don't mind bad gameplay, can look past the astounding amount of ui, graphical, and gameplay bugs, matches randomly freezing, online randomly booting you out of parties, and horrible AI, you might enjoy the game more than I have.  But there's no way anyone in their right mind could ever call this mess a good strategy game."
,Recommended,290340,18407372,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Zentiorus,"It's a fun game to play, and I very much recommend it. It's definitely a unique experience for me and definitely for those who like to mess with other players and get ahead for the win. There are a bunch of different characters and it's been fun experimenting with each and every one to find out your preferred playstyle and your favourite character. Plus with unlocking rings and amulets, you unlock ways to either alter your playstyle or buff it up which I quite like.The board's randomised from what I can tell so to me, it never feels ""same-y"". It feels like a new, fresh experience each time and it all plays out differently, which I'm very fond of. So, Armello definitely gets the thumbs up from me!"
,Recommended,290340,17962975,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Aviating Wolf,"Time to wage war and anarchyBetray and spin the web of liesOnly to lead the land to deathThrough Cunning and DeceitThrough Strength and HonorI shall take the throneand only one to rule them allI shall lead Armello to truth and life!I shall bring peace once moreAnd bring the land to its name!-----------------------------------This game board game is a well-made game. It's alot of fun and great for friends! While turn-based, other players can place traps and other cards to help or hinder others. A free-for-all battle to the throne allows players to think about tactics and play that would favor the player. Risky play are rewarded, but there are moments safe options are a better choice. This game is a great game to play and losing in a game can be enjoyable (or salty). This game is worth picking up!Plus, the cards are animated! WHO DOESN'T LIKE ANIMATED CARDS?"
,Recommended,290340,16300578,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Wolfy,"Hello!Armello really is a great game; people have likened it to Settlers of Catan, Magic the Gathering, Endless Legend, etc. It definitely has the feel of a board game, but in a semi-fast paced, strategy, top-down rpg added in. The art style is beautiful, and most of the mechanics are thoroughly ironed out for an Early Access Game. I admit, some things need balancing and it is lacking just a tiny bit more stuff. (i.e. Stealth really doesn’t work well, and AI needs to be buffed/has to have an easy-medium-hard slider.) But the game is already very complex and complete, with 4 characters to work with (4 more coming when it is fully released), several rings/amulets to choose from, and 4 ways to win. That’s not including the dozens of items, spells, and treasure you collect from wandering the smallish map and battling opponents.The price I feel could drop 5 dollars where the game is at currently, but it is still early access, and with the implementation of 4 more characters + the Ranked Mode, I would say it is a fair, balanced price at 25 dollars.A great recommendation from me!~Wolfy"
76561197987703777,Recommended,290340,17849041,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,TomSelleck,"Very good game, watched this one for a long time and it did not let me down...kind of rare these days in games."
,Recommended,290340,17858254,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Skyform,Really fun game. Simple when you understand everything. Buy it. nao.
76561198066090870,Recommended,290340,17849567,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Kanezzo,"I am very happy that I bought this game, because it is sooo much fun!I wasn't sure, if I should buy it first (often bought games, i only played a few times, so that it wasn't worth it), but Armello is worth it!! If you like that kind of playstyle (tabletop, card, strategy), just buy it :-)There is a huge stategically depth in it."
,Recommended,290340,16880250,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Guard Dog of Hell,"Easily one of the best Early Access games I've played. The content is rich and the gameplay is very addictive. You can tell there's love in this game with how much effort put into it. I'm surprised that it's very replayable and full of unlockables for an Early Access game.If you enjoy board games, this is for you!"
,Recommended,290340,16745237,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Catters,"One of the best early access games out there. The game is wholly playable, including multiplayer. It takes a moderate amount of time to finish, but it never feels too long or too short. Like Hearthstone turned real cards into a fun, digital game, Armello does the same with a turn-based board game.I do have some gripes about it, which is kinda expected from a game in early access. The AI difficulty is laughable and more often than not they manage to get themselves killed. I have yet to see an AI actually win a game. Having to play lots of games to unlock some of the content is frustrating, but thankfully the system isn't DLC and you don't have to actually win to unlock stuff.In its current state, I would say it has a 7/10 rating. Just needs polish around the corners to make it a must-buy."
,Recommended,290340,17014980,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,RestlessFox,"Very surprising and thoughtful addition to the digital board game genre. Despite the lack of a tutorial (at least until release), the game is very easy to start playing right away and only gets better as you continue playing more games. Some would argue that the game is a tad pricey but it's well worth it considering this game is one of the most polished games I've seen in Early Access and I don't regret getting it one bit."
76561198059831600,Recommended,290340,17369227,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Tano,"So much potential for an indie... and probably the best indie i've ever played. If this is early access, I can only imagine how great it would be in the release. I can't wait for this game to grow."
,Recommended,290340,17582652,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Imaboat,Armello is a beautiful and well constructed game that will surely entertain for hours.
,Recommended,290340,17671278,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Audux,Beautiful game with boardgame style. Rolling those dice is oh so satisfying.
,Recommended,290340,23881283,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,wpcowboys,the game is pretty fun but gets repetitive and can last a little longer by playing each character a bunch of times i just wish it had a little more conent very solid foundation though wouldnt mind paying for a dlc with  maybe a new faction and game mode/s.
,Recommended,290340,17892215,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Yurionize,"True to the word of the developer, Armello is really easy to learn, but can be pretty deep as well."
,Recommended,290340,29641451,Posted: 1 February,all,ninfin,"a MUST HAVE, if you enjoy strategy, board games, or furries, this is a must have! with 112 hours of single player games on record it is clear that the single player works very well, the ai works like how you would expect, they make the right choices, and sometimes even go out of their way to ♥♥♥♥ with you! the game saves each turn which is why I have so much single player time with a busy schedule. dice skins are nice to look at, and the mechanics work great! also, works PERFECTLY on mac!TL:DRGET THIS GAME, IT LOVE YOU LONG TIME."
76561197993299306,Recommended,290340,14137040,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Gambit,"I fully recommend this game to anyone that is a huge fan of board games and card games or table top games in general. This game is simply beautiful, the music is phenomenal and sets a wonderful mood while you are playing the game. The art style adds a wonderful look and feel to the game with out taxing your system to the limits but also at the same time the game looks amazing and has a beautiful high definition look. The game mechanics are easy to learn and easy to play but with a deep level of strategy in the game. As far as early access games go this game is fully playable and feels like a complete game. The length of a match is perfect for board game fans and  players who want a quick satisfying game with out dedicating hours of play. During a match you never feel like you don’t have something to do which is nice in keeping players intrigued. Playing this game single player is a bit on the easy side but it is a good way to master the various victory conditions and try out new things before you take them online. The rpg element add a nice feel to the game and allow for each character to feel unique and diverse with a different play style. Simply a rare gem on the early access market that you don’t see very often."
,Recommended,290340,14715882,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,RewChamploo,"Besides the fact that this is a digital depiction of the original Armello board game, it's quite a great mash-up of Board Game / CCG Card Game / RPG and story / quest driven entertainment. Constantly adding new features, cards, characters, unlockables and quests. I won't say much more because, I don't want to spoil ANY of the features and game play. I, myself, own a low-end laptop PC and the game, before starting all the animations and itself, alered itself to operate optimally outside it's available graphics settings, in order for me to be able to play(SUBJECT TO CHANGE due to developments; I can no longer run this fantasic game now, but do not let that detour you from purchasing this game at all, still a very fantastic title; make sure you meet ALL the minimum system requirements before purchasing this [edit added:8/12/15]). LoG definately is immersing us ALL into this title to make it a community favorite and keep us happy. I foresee this game becoming a ""Cult Classic"" in the future.~11/10 Burns~"
,Recommended,290340,16019784,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Lelouch,"Armello I think is a fun early access game. That being said, a few things hold it back:- The map, although randomized, never changes its basic structure, and therefore feels very similar in each game.- Limited environment tiles. You're on a mountain, forest, or swamp every turn. (other than structures, which there are only 4 of if you include the king's castle.)- Only four playable heroes. (Many more on the way i hear though.)- No custom game rules/Not any options really.THAT being said, it's an early access game, and a bunch of those will probably change! What I really did enjoy was:- The Art.- Playing with friends.- Card and dice system.- Current victory choices.- The game takes awhile, but not too long.Would I recommend this game for an EA buy as a fan of board games and strategy games? Yes."
,Recommended,290340,17162255,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Mahuloq,Armello is a pretty interesting combination of genres. It does feel like a boardgame but it does things you can only do with a digital version. Im excited for the remainding heroes!
,Recommended,290340,17184447,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Driftwood,"So, League Geeks...There's going to be an Action-R.P.G. adventure game released in the near future, right?...RIGHT!?I NEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED IT LEAGUE GEEKS!"
76561197975334625,Recommended,290340,14744613,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,ThePhantom,"Love this game.I hope they make a physical game of this.It's a lot of fun, a game you can start and finish in about 45 minutes.Part fantasy, RPG, Strategy, board game. Feels like a board game you play with friends around a table.Worth the price even at this early stage.Already a favourite and a game that will always be installed with a shortcut on my esktop.Beautiful pleasing graphics. Awesome theme and characters. Reminds you of nice novels, like Redwall. Would love to see Armello as a good novel too :)Great replay value. An all time classic in the making."
76561198043134563,Recommended,290340,15293438,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Noodly Appendage,Great game its a little confusing at first but after a game or two you have it down and are ready to out wit or out gun your foes. Would love to be able to play this on a table.....
76561198027705061,Recommended,290340,15852114,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Mene,Fantastic game!
76561198005968559,Recommended,290340,16280471,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,SabreWolf,Fantastic game!! One of the best board game rpg for comp. More characters and maps is what I need :D (and more people for online playing)...
76561198011890142,Recommended,290340,16485705,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Winter Steel,"A great casual game that doesn't take too long to learn and play, but has a great deal of deeper strategy every time I play. Looking forward to what else it can present to me."
,Recommended,290340,16127466,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,[LULZ] Alco4real,"Armello is one of those games where your decisions matter. Each turn is short and sweet and has consequences and rewards. No tedious turns or units to manage.Positives:- Each playable character is nuanced enough to allow varied play styles without losing the overlap that makes characters feel balanced with each other.- The art style. This level of polish for a game still yet to release in full is impressive.- Each play through takes around 40 minutes to complete.Negatives:- The Spirit Stone and Rot win conditions are difficult to pull off and happen mostly from exceptional RNG luck. (although when you win via these methods you feel awesome)- The difficulty of Perils is sometimes too high, with no guaranteed way of avoiding them. This leads to more failures than successes, but victories can be achieved regardless."
76561198006891555,Recommended,290340,15831930,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Mahasuchi,"I don't think there's much I can add that already has been said, but here goes...Yes, it's a digital boardgame. There's a heavy focus on cards for items, spells, allies and playing nasty tricks on your opponents. One thing that differs from most turn-based games is that you can play many of these cards on your opponents' turn, so vigilance and timing is important. Both the AI and human players will play cards(if they can afford them) to stop your turn earlier or delay you in any other way. Not all players will like this, but it's definitely part of the game's strategy and I think hard core strategy players will appreciate this(after all I am one; takes one to know one, right?).Yes, several of the elements of the games are randomized. You roll dice to avoid traps and during battles. Your success in quests depends on how high your tested attribute is. Some players will not like this. However, it's not completely randomized. During battles and when evading traps, you can ""burn"" cards to directly add successes to your rolls. In quests, you can choose between three quests that test different attributes and even if you fail a quest, you are guaranteed a small prestige award and your tested attribute is boosted by one.One of the best things about Armello is balance. The game doesn't guarantee any one action during a turn will be successful. This means it's hard to exploit certain strategies and the Armello tends to reward the player who varies his strategies, at least most of the time. It also rewards players who adapt to ever changing situations. Players who unsuccessfully try to reach the same objective again and again tend to get punished heavily. That way, even a player who seems overpowered can be hindered significantly to the point that he is denied victory. On the other hand, a player who has started as the underdog can get the upper hand quickly depending on the situation. Armello teaches the player when to practice prudence and when to take risks. It also encourages experimentation. Not a lot of strategy games do this.No, it's not Disney. Don't be fooled by the cute-looking animal characters. Each has a deep and meaningful background story and the world they live in is pretty dark by cartoon standards. You can read all about it on League of Geek's website(just google Armello). More on this can be found in the art on the beautifully rendered(and animated) cards. A few of them are comic in nature, but most display sinister forces, wondrous treasures, powerful spells and sometimes, a cruel world. The object of the game is to dethrone the king(by any means necessary more often than not) and every part of the game demonstrates that. The music is almost melancholic in nature, it reminds me of winter for some reason, but it fits the atmosphere of the game nicely and is very pleasant to listen to.Yes, the game is not finished. There are still a few problems with the public multiplayer systems, but the developers are working furiously on it. You can still enjoy a private game with friends or go head to head with the computer in single player. The AI is not the smartest, but it can still surprise you from time to time. Either way, it's constantly being improved. There's plenty to unlock and discover in the game while you wait for the full release. Every game is 30-45 minutes, rarely going above an hour and very replayable. It's the kind of game you can play in between bouts of another Steam title to change things up, prevent boredom or avoid carpal tunnel syndrome from excessive button-mashing.All in all, a great game, with the potential to be greater at its official release."
,Recommended,290340,17112890,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,The Underachiever,"Mercurio weighted the Spirit Stone, smiling to himself. This was the last one. He had everything he needed to break the curse that had nearly devoured his king. And it was just in time - the king's mind faded with each day, and before long he would be beyond saving.On his way to the castle, Amber, the infamous gold-digger crossed his path - the ignorant fool! Couldn't she see that his task was infinitely more important than quarreling over riches? Mercurio felt little regret as he pierced her heart.To make things worse, Thane, the lord steward, fell to the curse, too, and driven mad with the rot, he was battling his way through the king's guardsmen.Unfavorable circumstances forced his hand; Mercurio had quite the way with words, and a fat purse to emphasize his arguments. He claimed the title of lord steward just in time to sign a decree that rallied additional warriors into the castle.The king was safe - for the time being. All that remained was to overcome another valley, another forest; and the ever-present Banes.It was a rough journey, but Mercurio did not come so far to fail now; battered and bleeding, he stood before the palace gates at long last... imagine his surprise when the very guards he rallied to ensure the king's safety approached him, weapons at ready!While he was busy battling the Banes, Thane, the corrupted madman, had put a bounty on his head!This was the moment of truth. Mercurio played all his cards, pulled all the strings; accompanied by a group of mercenaries, he cut his way through the royal guard and into the throne room, hastily applying the Spirit Stones -despite the circumstances, HE DID SAVE THE KING AND ENSURE PEACE AND ORDER THROUGHOUT THE REALM!---The point: this game is absolutely charming and magical, and the people behind it clearly love what they're doing and care for Armello.Worth every penny <3"
,Recommended,290340,17872187,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,PeridotOwl,"A pretty good strategy game, and the characters have pretty neat story lines."
76561198033209155,Recommended,290340,17882964,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,jimd228,"I have been playing board games for as long as I have been playing pc games. This game is amazing. I love the theme, the artwork and the gameplay. I would love to see this become an actual board game."
,Recommended,290340,17897380,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Jachymor,"Armello is beautiflly crafted, well thought out digital board game, which is NOT like Catan, but more like Arkham Horror, including the horror. However, instead of real teamwork, you race towards your favored method of winning and achieve it, before someone else slays the king.Armello looks and feels gorgeous. On the mechanics part, they are easy to understand and use and, as soon as you get the hang of it, you will find burning cards is a wonderful feature which you should use often to get many different cards.On the ""bad"" side, even though the maps are randomly created, there are not enough features to make a map feel special. For a boardgame, this is no problem, but a digitalized one could add more spice. I remember the digital Catan game, where you could zoom into the lands and see people work. But this is a minor nitpick, as the cards and effects do more than enough worldbuilding for themselves.After a few games versus bots I will try myself against humans, to see how they play the game. Maybe there is a cooperation element I did not yet discover, since it seems as one winner takes it all.A map editor for custom maps, rules and restrictions would be a great addition, as the one single mode with random map and enemies can grow old rather quickly. House rules and stuff, so to speak. But let us give the game time to settle and gather input."
,Recommended,290340,18182042,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"Games of luck are often conflated with the idea that these are games without skill, and yet professional gamblers as well as old-school RPGs have always required skill to be successful. Whether it is managing probabilities by weighing your options, reading your opponents a few steps ahead of them, knowing when to take risks, or being able to adapt to new circumstances in order to win, these are the qualities of flukes that separate a fool winning against the House from a Machiavellian prince wishing to usurp the throne. Things are never meant to go according to plans; it’s the one who realizes this who shall win.In the case of Armello, it plays its cards like the latter category by not only framing its narrative as a game of usurping the throne either through political, violent or supernatural (good or bad) means, but mechanically it rewards players who bide their time as well as players who challenge the odds for the reward. As it is said about the Game of Thrones, “You either win or you die.”Weaseling Their Way Out of This HoleNormally I prefer not to discuss price-models in depth, except for cases where there is some controversy concerning the product; however, after reviewing all the extra revenue models in Armello, the result is a menagerie of ideas that really don’t agree with me.When Armello was released, the idea of making four characters exclusive to Kickstarter backers, which could be mitigated if you joined a backer’s lobby, was an idea that rewarded blind adoption for a game not even finished. These characters were eventually released in the Bandit Clan DLC released this year, yet this was only the beginning. Beforehand there were two bundles, the four Usurpers characters and the seasonal boards, which the latter could be viewed as cosmetics, and finally, the individual item “set-prices” and “community market” prices made from loot-crates and keys, which these items were dropped from their initial $7/8 prices to $4 on one day to establish parity with console releases without compensating early adopters for change in prices. Together, all these items have added more than a full-price AAA game on top of the game itself.Nothing of all that I have said is to dismiss the quality of the content provided as eight extra characters with cosmetic alterations do have value. However, it’s the manner in which these revenue streams have been handled on top of a great game that gives one the impression that Armello isn’t the only land full of weasels.Let Us Ride to Armello!If you had grown up with reading Redwall, the set-up for Armello is similar to Mossflower: A Tale of Redwall: A tyrannical king mad with power is stricken with an unknown illness as he attempts to stop the resistances armed against his reign as well as finding out the corruption amongst his ranks as his stature of a once noble ruler is tainted by his atrocities. In a nutshell, this description describes the gameplay of Armello as a whole as you can be the leader of a resistance for the King’s head, seek to usurp the throne through the King’s demise, or you can incite magic to restore the King or evoke dark arts to become more tainted than the King himself.Whereas games like Civilization rely on various victories to encourage playstyles for roleplaying purposes, the options for victory in Armello are balanced to make each viable while also having conditions to be met to keep players from relying on one strategy. The easiest condition for victory is through Prestige where players must earn as much acclaim from the decaying king who enacts more strenuous laws against the other players or on the prestige-leader himself, and all of it can be lost if the leader attacks the King (even if both characters die; only by surviving the encounter does the usurper claim the win). Other options like collecting four magical crystals to cleanse the Rot as well as the Rot victory where the leader becomes more corrupt than the King are often based on how each game plays out rather than pre-planning for one route. None of these strategies are without some preparation required, so players are encouraged to keep several options in perspective with the “Kingslayer” victory as a contingency when the game becomes dire—and dying to the King makes any condition in void.In addition to the multitude of victory conditions, the variety of leaders to choose are tailored to specific playstyles through their individual mechanics as well as the progression system for all of them. Abilities like River’s Huntress ability that takes away 1 HP before every battle makes her ideal for assassination whereas Mercurio’s Scoundrel ability allows him to take away gold from captured settlements to play more traps. Rings and bonus perks are tailored to each leader’s playstyle to reward players with some leeway with their builds if they know how to utilize each character to their potential. It’s only in the more extreme cases like Zosha and Sargon with so low amounts of HP that their viability for alternative victories are brought into question, which depends largely on the cards you are handed and the resources you have on hand.  Perhaps what I enjoy the most about this system is they can turn the tropes of anthropomorphic characters from their mechanics into a tactical bluff if players exploit the expectation of other players.There’s Daggers in Men’s SmilesAll of which I have described thus far has taken into consideration of the default set-up of each game as custom games can allow for House Rules. These settings can create longer or shorter sessions by changing the behavior and mechanics of the King, his guards, etc.  as well as tons of player-related options to create games unbounded by the default limitations. It’s additional features like this mode that shows the real merits behind Armello when you only think about it as a game.Had the game continued to expand upon the inclusion of these options and new game modes, perhaps Armello’s shortcomings could be better tolerated instead of being an uncomfortable compromise to accept. Its additional means of support appears to be done for the best of intentions yet it has resulted in a convoluted mess of business models with varying levels of backlash from the community. If you can accept this small blight upon an otherwise flawless classic, then you can perhaps have a go to see if chance will have you crowned or if chance will take it from you."
,Recommended,290340,17832459,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,TimFortress,Must have 4 player rumble board game
76561198009287988,Recommended,290340,17886001,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Chaoshero,"Loads of fun, Gameplay is just right and balance is dead on.a little short on content for the Price tag.""RPG elements"" would really be stretching it though."
,Recommended,290340,17871771,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Memorykiller,First video game I've actually FELT like I'm playing a board game.
,Not Recommended,290340,25562021,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,grinnbearit,"I wanted to like Armello, this is the best implementation of a Digital Board game I've played, with elements that aren't possible in a tabletop game.Unfortunately, there is little skill  since your overall strategy can quickly be destroyed by the RNG.Randomness is tricky to do right, the best games give you tools to work with what you have, the RNG creating a new puzzle to solve. Armello has randomness at nearly every level, random card draws, dice rolls, dungeons, and quests, with very little you can do to adapt."
,Recommended,290340,17889267,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,snapwilson,"Terrific game with the best kind of mechanics: Easy to understand, but subtlely difficult to master. And the look of the game is tremendous. Lots of fun!"
76561198043271760,Not Recommended,290340,20925744,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,DrgHybrid,"Want to point out that I really like the concept of this game. For the little bit that I've played it, it was really fun and I was hoping for a very imervse game. Graphics for a table top are fantastic and the involvment is nice.That being said, I do see one game play problem. The system in which to fight seems horribly inbalanced. The multiple ways of attacking with explosions are nice, but defense you fall quickly. Needs to be better worked out for that.And don't know what's been going on, but I haven't been able to try it for very long without frequent crashing. It could be my pc, but can't say for sure. I just bought my laptop a couple of weeks ago, so shouldn't think so, but since I'm on an extended out of town, can't test it on my pc. Good luck for everyone else though."
,Not Recommended,290340,22327774,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,M4USIE,"This is somewhat of a hard review for me to write. Do I recommend this game? In some ways, yes! I love the game. I love it too much. I've been involved with it from Day 1 back on Kickstarter. I love the art and the premise and I feel like playing it every day.However, here are the reasons that I have uninstalled this game with a heavy heart:I've played several games of Armello, some multiplayer and some single player (Note: more than what Steam quotes, as I have a different version from Kickstarter). The major flaws at this point are evident. One, in every single game I have been able to finish, the game has been won by the Prestige Leader. Every other victory condition is unbelievably hard to attain and I have never seen it done. As noted in a previous review, getting stuck in an endless cycle of dying and restarting is rampant and extremely difficult to break out of, which leads to the game timing out before anyone can achieve anything. In literally every game I have played, I have set out with the intention of winning with Spirit Stones, and while I have no problem getting enough of them, getting to the king is impossible with this endless cycle of dying.Now, onto more clerical problems. In each game I have played (literally every one), something or a lot of things have gone wrong with the running of the game. In two or three, my Gold counter has gotten stuck at a certain number and I have no idea how much I have to work with. I don't know if it is logging my newly acquired Gold, but when I try to use a card, it will always tell me I cannot afford it, despite sometimes saying I have 12 Gold even. I have run into a couple of games where it will freeze so to speak and the characters are just in a constant loop of ""fighting,"" but the game does not progress. This has been documented by two of my Steam friends as well. Two or three times, I have had friends kicked off the server and the game has been restarted automatically. The gameplay and music/sound effects often lag (like, almost always) and are choppy (even with turning down the resolution, shutting down all other processes on my computer, and changing to a more powerful computer). I have had a couple instances when playing multiplayer that a countdown clock will never appear on the player screen, or we will be stuck in an ""all-ready"" screen with nothing happening.While attempting to play with my friends, they are asking: ""Is this game in early access!?"" Unfortunately, it kind of feels that way. The minute a patch is released to fix these gameplay issues, I will be re-installing this game, because it is honestly my love right now. My recommendation is that you will want this game. Hard. But right now, maybe it needs a pass for a little while."
76561198246949842,Not Recommended,290340,29731658,Posted: 5 February,all,Mirosavljevic,"Unfortunately, this game is overpriced and suffers from some crappy dev's - though it's a fun game.There are STILL MAJOR ISSUES with disconnecting and games freezing! Some updates have broken the game for days.And, as it's really a minigame that is comprised of roughly 1 hour matches, it shouldn't cost the same price as a triple-AAA studio game that has 50+ hours of novel gameplay for 2 copies and a set of DLC characters.The worst part of the pricing and dev' management is the DLC: each sweaty cosmetic DLC balloons the last in cost, so that 3 character skins cost more than the base game, which includes 8 characters... Gives perspective, right?Armello is a fun game. BUT, it has too many totally unresolved gameplay bugs for it to be really fun, and their DLC scheme is greedy and ugly. If you can catch Armello for less than $10 on sale, then you might find it to be agreeable for the price."
76561198216106307,Recommended,290340,32849573,Posted: 27 June,all,Bussiness Horse,This is best game I ever played and it looks like Redwall.Armello contains:-Characters-Spell cards-Tricks-Maps-DLCs
,Not Recommended,290340,23519007,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Secuter,"While I do not recommend this game. But it's not because the randomness in it. It is dice based and as such much of the game is quite random.The reason I don't recommend this game is because it's very shallow. A game takes about 1 hour and sometimes less. The different factions have some small differences but all in all they are quite alike. After playing about 4 games (each of the factions) you've kinda tried everything.On the positive side, the different cards are very well made and beatiful to behold. Obviously, this doesn't make up for the fact that this game is very repetitive. I'd love if they had implemented more maps than just one.. Perhaps that would have made it 2-3 games more interresting, but in the end I'd not have played much longer.If on offer for about >10 you should take it. Otherwise, use your money on something else."
76561198112761082,Not Recommended,290340,21481980,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,randfoo2005,the goodBeautiful graphicsGreat musicNice storythe badThe price is very exaggeratedWhatever  cards  you have the dice will lose you .the Game difficult and complex to understand and slow Even if you're a fan of strategy games.Depends on luck more than skillsi dont recommend To buy itلعبة سعرها غالي وتعتمد على الحظ فيها اكثر من المهارة لا أنصح بها
,Recommended,290340,22969380,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,The Lone Hero,"Would Indeed RecommendIts One of those Easy to Play, but hard to win gamesPretty Fun If you like spending and hour on a single fun match;5 hours/ 4 rounds I'v won 2 of those rounds .Definatly Needs Alot of Stratedgy.9/10Great Graphics,Would Love More HerosMore Maps (Larger/Smaller):If that Happens 10/10🐺🐺🐺🐺🐺🐺🐺🐺🐺🐺"
76561197965916889,Recommended,290340,20495736,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Dalyon,"Hands down the first game I've ever played where I still thoroughly enjoy it even if I don't win.A wonderful, beautiful digital board game dealing with cards, dice and all those complex fun and complicated rules that become easy to understand after the tutorial. Strategy, luck, treachery and cunning are all elements provided in the ultimate race for the throne.Granted more content hopefully being on its way, this game is likely to land on my all time favorite games list.- Magnificent art style and graphics- Awe inspiring, soothing soundtrack that just sings ""adventure"" with an angelic choir and strings.- Small game but has tons of replayability. Experience new board layouts every time you play."
76561198113699733,Recommended,290340,20961264,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Applejack,This is a beautifully crafted and rich world that I pray will continue to grow into a successful franchise! The concept is classic and something I had craved growing up as a child. The characters are all unique and very distinguished from one another which makes every game different than the last. Amber from the rabbit clan is my favorite however I cannot simple align my loyalty to one of the clans. I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys classic roll playing board games and those drawn to strategy. Every game has me at the edge of my seat and playing with friends make it all the more interesting!
69696996969696996,Recommended,290340,25787244,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,󠁉  󠁉  󠁉󠁉 󠁉󠁉󠁉󠁉󠁉󠁉,"Armello. The Game thats ruined more friendships than Mario Party, it's a pretty cool game i guessSet in a fantasy world where the king of armello (Aka the lion king) has been infected by something thats called ""Rot"" Which basically means that he has gone mad and wants to dosomething!... yeah they never really explained what he wanted to do. Anyway! The citizens of Armello decide that since thier king is sick and needs help. They are going to end his life. even tough he hasn't really done anything (Yet... i guess) So you and 4 other players are tasked with quote ""storming the castle and becoming the King/Queen of Armello"" end quoteIn the game there are up to 4 clans that you can play as:The Wolf Clan, A clan so racist they will only wolves be part of it. The Bear, Hare And Rat clan are just as racsist as the wolf clan and will only let one specific race be part of thier clan. And every single one of these clans want the kings head. No ExeptionsArmello is essantialy a game about betreyal,Murder,suffering and death. Just like Mario Party.The Characters you get to play as are: A Werewolf, A female Werewolf,Winnie the Pooh's parents, A rat ninja assassin, a normal rat that nobody likes And 2 wierd HaresWould i recommend this game?YesDo i have any friends left?No10/10 i regret nothing"
,Recommended,290340,23000747,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Rollo.,"I am now going to tell you why ""not"" to listen to the less than 5 hours dislike reviews on here.Let me start off by saying that I love this game a lot! And the reason that most people that have played this game for less than 5 hours (maybe even more) Dont ""really"" know what this game has to offer. I understand if you are turned down by the amount of RNG in the game (Trust me, it can be brutal). But the amount of skill you can pull off, will make you love it!There are cards in the game like ""Hot rot wine"" and ""Strategist"" that will give you +1 Action point, so you can do some nice RKO out of nowhere moves!My love goes out to the great community we have in this game! And the lovely LoG devs for making it!All hail the king!"
76561198014785763,Recommended,290340,23009198,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Egger!,"Very interesting mix of a traditional board game,  turn-based game, RPG and a trading card game.  The tutorials are the key to understanding the game.  Even with the tutorials, it can be complex.  There are many aspects of your character you must take into account throughout the game.  I've only played two complete single-player scenarios but I like it so far."
76561198005694910,Recommended,290340,23009607,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Xicree,"A wonderful game, visually, and conceptually excellent.I can only hope that it continues to expand upon what it has already achieved."
76561198025059659,Recommended,290340,23010423,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Tovlyn,"An amazing production all around.The art direction is beautiful, filled with animations and visually pleasing graphics.The soundtrack is very atmospheric and blends seamlessly with the games' many soundeffects.And the story, though tragic is equally powerful and immersive as both the visuals and the music.The gameplay itself is rewarding in every sense of the word, with things like microrewards just for participating in games, and a myriad of other ways to keep hope lit during a particularly unlucky streak. There's incredible potential for variety in every match, and no game is the other alike. In this game the pen and the sword are equally matched, and with the 4 alternate ways of achieving victory they ensure that every turn can twist the game in a new direction.At first it may feel a bit slow, because each turn takes a fair bit of time. But since there's little restrictions with what cards can be played on other people's turns, you quickly learn how to not only speed that wait up, but keep yourself busy during it.As with any game boasting this much variety between every match, luck can of course also become an obstacle. But in those scenarios you learn how to deal around it. Either by seeking an alternate path or just bide your time until another presents itself. Many games have been turned around completely by attentive underdogs who knew how to play their cards right.The multiplayer has also lived up to expectations. Swift game lobbies and amusing phrases exhanged between players doing their best to add more surprises to the game helps renewing gameplay even further. Once you feel confident enough to try it out I can wholeheartedly recommend it, with random players or friends.I can tell that a lot of effort was put into this game, and it took me completely by surprise just how well thought through it is in just about every single aspect.I sincerely recommend this game to pretty much anyone, either as a fun way to pass some time or a challenge for those who enjoy competition with other players. I'd give this game a 9/10."
,Recommended,290340,20886017,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Guy,"The art style is stunning. Gameplay is fun. Easy to learn yet has depth. Hope they add DLC, and even make it open to the workshop. Beautiful!"
76561197999879607,Recommended,290340,23011726,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Tchor,Thoroughly enjoyable game with a great community and positive dev involvement.
,Recommended,290340,20166763,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Tibby,Knockoff Redwall boardgame.10/10 didn't have to do math like in a real boardgame.
76561198099490146,Recommended,290340,20171819,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,RanYakumo,"I love this game already. I've played many great graphical games but few have given me the kinda of thrill I had tonight on this virtual board game. As Thane (the wolf) I was locked into this epic duel with the king as we both constantly kept endlessly drawing each other other in attack versus defense with him down to one HP and me down to 2 WHILE fighting off rivals THREE times all in two turns! It was amazingly epic.This game is really addicting but every game has its cons sadly. But there's really only 3 i can mention, so I will just name 3 of each of my biggest cons and pros.Cons:-Short gameplay. Even ""Epic"" setting isn't long. I don't like that the king auto dies after a period of time. At least let him retain one HP or have an option to turn rot off on King or something.-Map can feel small. It has some random generation but 4 heroes + 2 - 5 kings guards and banes (or even more) all at once can make it feel congested. That means lots of battles, which can be hard on people trying to be more stealthy. It might be just my lack of experience so far, but it seems flat out battling with decent equipment is the way to go. Did a round as the Wolf and never died once with a defensive build while managing to kill off most people by sacrificing saved up cards for +damage rolls when I felt needed to.-Lack of customization. I don't think there really needs to be one but it would be nice if we could, say, create a custom with our own name of choosing, cycle models and pick the one we like most then pick a playstyle or something. Either way, implemented or not I enjoy the current characters a lot.Pros:-Creativity. Man does creativity come into play or you could find yourself surrounded by enemies. It's not a bad idea to draw some spell cards or trickery cards to lower someones HP or find a way to make a quick getaway.-Battles can get intensive and the world change instantly. You can go from peaceful to people surrounded by banes and guards going after player bounties. I love the complete randomness of it! Even quests are never a promised reward.-Freedom and Politics. Politics can change the flow of the game. And I love going from being the prestigious kings right hand man to stabbing him in the throat the next turn for fun.In the end, this game is amazing. It's random, can change in a flash, and when you get into it you can FEEL the struggle sometimes. Seriously, worth the pay."
,Recommended,290340,31483249,Posted: 1 May,all,Wildpants,"Great board game! Feels very fun and competitive, trying to stop the other players from winning. There are 4 different ways to win, tons of quests you can do while trying to win.There is no Campaign, only tutorials that introduce the characters.But the game is really fun and you should give it a try."
,Recommended,290340,29664451,Posted: 2 February,all,Saint Killjoy,"I bought Armello today, and I've played it for 10 hours straight, no plans on stopping for awhile either. Very addictive, simplistic to understand, yet complicated to master, video game style board game. It's on sale right now, and for $13.99 it's a great gem to add into your collection if you like turn based and dice rolling style games. Very nice art style. Just a lot of fun to play. Bring your friends, but the game does have an active multiplayer community. No chatting allowed, emotes only in game."
76561198194979333,Recommended,290340,20927435,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,chinese labour force,"Great game. Good for those who like to plan ahead and strategise. If not then it is still fun to try your luck and fluke itOverall great game, very challenging"
,Recommended,290340,33533952,Posted: 14 July,all,RabidWuff,"Armello is a game that picks at your brain. You have to strategize, pay attention to your surroundings and it also puts you on edge with the challenges you're bound to face.To be honest, at first this game didn't really peek my interest. Aside from the fact that the characters are animals (which I personally love), it never really spoke to me. Until a friend of mine encouraged me to give it a try. After that night, I was definitely hooked.If you're not the type who has any patience, this game isn't for you. Being able to act first rarely happens (so far in my case, but it doesn't really bother me that much) and it would take a long wait especially when you're last. Because players WILL take their time in deciding what action to take. Definitely not for those who get irritated easily. It does get tedious to wait sometimes, but if you love these kinds of games it wouldn't be so much of a problem.The graphics are very well made as well as the animation. I definitely love how the King's condition would change as the rot increases. I especially love how they named each and every tile differently, the devs definitely let their creativity flow. The only error I found so far was Mercurio's defense stance (when he gets attacked), the pupils in his eyes seem to disappear whenever this happens and I'm not sure if this is a connection problem, but if you get disconnected, the game gets stuck on an empty main menu screen, the only thing you can see is the backdrop. Other than that, everything seems to be working perfectly!Keep up the good work, devs!"
,Recommended,290340,28018198,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Radon.,"Really, its good game kill everything. BRIAN, TIME, FRIEDNDSHIP...ETCCANNOT STOP TO PLAY IT."
,Recommended,290340,20936948,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Ronnie,"Armello may seem like another by the numbers board game but unlike others of the same genre it uses the ability to be a computer game to its advantage meaning complex rules and keeping track of stats is made simple yet deep enough for both newcomers and veterans alike.Another great feature is its win conditions. A gaming session only lasts a certain amount of turns so you are not left losing interest as some games will last for over an hour. Having several options of victory also adds a nice twist to keep things fresh and trying to win using a style that suits you best. Want to get strong and be an unstoppable warrior? Want to become the most popular and win the kings favour? How about earning the most resources to take on any challenge? Or play passive and collect trinkets to win?A great fantasy setting with ambient music, creative characters and renascence-esque art style Armello is a real good time with friends as you work together or stab each other in the back to be the new royal leader."
,Recommended,290340,31499368,Posted: 1 May,all,Wolfbeast,"When I first got this game, it was an interesting, artistic, new concept. A fun game to play, with decent AI opponents if you didn't play with friends.At its core, this is still true, However, later on, more things were added, including microtransactions, including DLCs for additional characters to play, and rather overpriced replacement skins for heroes. And.. the bane of all games has also arrived: chanceboxes that require keys... :(I still recommend it as a unique board game, but things are on a slippery slope towards a cash grab setup."
,Recommended,290340,31499616,Posted: 1 May,all,AaroniusH,"Great game. Plenty of strategic diversity and depth, and enough luck to give new players an edge. Turns are short, and when it's not your turn, you can screw over other players and buff yourself. The cards are all ANIMATED, which is cool. The boards are random and you can buy pretty cool dice.I get this weird sound issue where the stereo gets weird. So it's not the most stable game out there, but for a small dev team, this is a great game.Multiplayer can fall a little flat since it's all quick-chat options, so multiplayer interaction is limited, unless you're on something like skype with your opponents.7/10. Great game and mechanics, FANTASTIC artwork, lackluster execution."
,Recommended,290340,21320618,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Mysfyt,"This game is chocolate-covered bacon. A flashy video game with the heart of a solid board game. A sweet coating of eye candy with dark undertones. The gravity of Game of Thrones blended with the charm of Redwall.Given a casual glance, this may appear to be a strategy game or RPG, but make no mistake... this is truly a multiplayer board game experience in digital form. Expect much card-drawing and dice-rolling. All players take turns in succession. Complete games are fairly short, about an hour or less.It's very tightly designed, trading unnecesary complexity for satisfying depth. Each playable character has its own unique strength. While waiting for your turn, you are able to choose quests and play cards, so the thumb-twiddling common in many board games is minimized. Breaking from strict physical game tropes, there is a modest amount of progression in the form of unlockable amulets and rings that grant bonuses.On top of all this, it's very pretty, the character designs are delightful, and the animated artwork on the cards is just wonderful.It is not without its faults, though. Randomness plays a very large role, especially since conflicts are resolved with dice rolls. However, you can ""stack the deck"" in your favor with equipment and followers, and by burning cards. Also, the AI tends to make some pretty silly decisions at times, particularly when it comes to attacking the king. I have not played public games, so I cannot comment on the general experience there.Overall, Armello is easy to recommend if you love board games with dice and cards, especially if you can play with friends. If you are not a board game fan, this is still worth a look for its uniqueness and fun multiplayer."
,Recommended,290340,21356927,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Sparrow,"Armello is an engaging game that I really liked. It has it's basis in board and dice games, and I found the learning curve pretty easy. The graphics and music are beautiful.It has single player as well as online multiplayer. Each game takes roughly half an hour. There are 4 different ways to win suiting different play styles, fight (fight and kill the king, and live), Spirit stone (Gather 4 spirit stones. You don't have to fight anyone if you don't want to), Prestigue (have the most renown from completing tasks/killing banes or other heroes when the king dies) and Rot (one of the hardest victories for me.)I would definately recommend this game."
76561198202935672,Recommended,290340,22083145,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Int of Mint,"A game with beautiful graphics and mechanics, it is a wonderful way to lose hours into strategy gameplay. The game meshes card games, turned-base play, combat and a variety of different victory conditions.The characters are unique with different skills and battle bonuses which can aid in certain victory conditions, while not being limited to a certain victory condition. The cards are well balanced and beautifully drawn with each and every character having an animation and the overall gameplay is smooth and engaging.A wonderful game to play."
,Recommended,290340,26701076,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Llamarama,"Armello is a visually beautiful, tightly designed, quick-to-play adventure. I tend to play by myself, but multiplayer is functional and offers a bit of a different experience. I love this game.It's rare to find a game that packs so much, narratively and in terms of interesting mechanics, into a 90-minute session. All of Armello's characters are quite different from each other, and there's a lot of variety in how you set up your character to start. Once the game begins, though, it's time to be flexible, because with dice fights and card draws, you've got to enjoy rolling with the punches. I disagree with the reviewer who said that everything is determined in the first few turns -- things can, and do, change suddenly. If you want to set things up perfectly and then have them go exactly according to plan, you'll be thwarted.Armello is well worth the money, and so is the expansion. It's fun, thrilling, sometimes heartbreaking, and just technically really well done. The studio crossed their t's and it shows, and I hope they continue expanding it in the future. I would definitely throw down cash for an RPG set in the same world."
76561198009702779,Recommended,290340,19499239,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Bard,"I picked this game up in the early access stages and was very impressed from the get go. I don't play it as often as I would like as it's one of those games I prefer to play with friends rather than with random strangers, but when we do manage to get a few games in we always have a lot of fun.Armello is a board game brought to life in virtual form and it is done beautifully which is a credit to the developers as board games rarely convert well to a video game format. The game is set in a mythical fantasy kingdom of medieval animal characters, initially of which four were selectable but another four have been added since. There are four factions that represent different species, rats, rabbits, wolves and bears. The rat faction is home to charismatic sneaky types who suit the player that values cleverness and cunning (I always play as Mercurio for this reason) the rabbit faction is home to nobility who fare best at exploring and unearthing valuable artifacts, the wolf faction consists of brave warriors, suitable for players who value honour and battle and the bear faction consists of druids who suit players that prefer to use magic. All four factions and the characters who represent them are well balanced and give the game a good amount of variety in it's functionality.The object of the game is to dethrone the corrupted King (who naturally is a Lion) and usurp the throne for your own faction. The land has been swept by an arcane sickness that has brought about large ravens that leave death and destruction in their wake, the corruption they spread is a blight that darkens the souls of creatures it touches, which is why the King must be dethroned. The game takes place across a day and night cycle which alternate every turn, each night the King takes a point of corruption which weakens his health but makes his ability to fight more devestating. There are four ways to win in Armello, you can kill the King yourself thus dethroning him in person, you can opt to be a little more guileful and gather prestige so that you are selected to be heir should the King die due to corruption rather than player intervention, you can collect four spirit stones that can be used to cure the King of corruption so he can be banished or you can gain as much corruption as possible through evil deeds which will give you a better chance at killing the King. As the game plays out you move freely around the board as many spaces each turn as your character abilities allow for, you collect cards that come in various forms that affect yourself, other players and the board in various ways. You can also opt to go on quests that come with their own rewards and add a good deal of role playing and flavour to the game. Should you come across an opposing player you can opt to battle them and if you do you get given the opportunity to burn any cards you don't want and each card will be converted into a dice that represents whatever burn ability the card had alongside it's own ability, this can come in the form of combat and various other things that will affect how the battles play out. There are honestly so many unique functions and things to do in this game that to go into all of them would take too much time, but for a game that lasts around an hour per session it really manages to suck you in and offer you a great deal of things to do without ever seeming too rules heavy or complex, which really gives it great appeal to both hardcore board game players and newcomers alike.I really, really like Armello, it's a beautiful game with fantastic artwork, design and enough tactical depth to keep you coming back for more. I play a number of board games with friends and Armello has outstayed many of them, which is quite the feat for a virtual board game. If you have any interest in board style games at all or were just looking for something to play with friends and family I highly recommend Armello, it's quickly become one of my favourites."
,Recommended,290340,20963066,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,clarkhound,"This game is gorgeous. Easy to learn, but with a ton of depth and choice, this is one game I would love to play with friends around the table. If they make this a tabletop box set, I'll be first in line to buy!"
76561197980866174,Recommended,290340,21332993,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,xenoflame0,Learning curve is not as severe as it looks.
,Recommended,290340,21354603,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Husqi,While this is an excellent game my only caviat is that you will not enjoy this if you do not enjoy board games.
,Recommended,290340,21678173,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,TheSilentMute,It's a fun game...but it's the type of game that you would usually enjoy playing with your friends rather than by yourself and none of my friends have it so RIP.
,Recommended,290340,26702941,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Charwey,"I came across this game few months ago and told myself ""Hey, that's a pretty good looking game, I want it!"". So I played a cracked version for a while and then finally bought the game.The gameplay is awesome. The whole idea and concept of Armello is amazing. You cannot tell how the game will end until it actually ends. Sometimes this pi..es you off very hard and sometimes you turn the game around on the last moment (actually I managed to do this once - I did the very last turn in the game and thanks to a bit of luck with cards and position I won). I can't really rate graphics, because.. well... ThinkPad X201 is not a gaming PC, but when I tried the highest details, the game looked pretty nice at those 5 FPS.Also I have to say that Armello is the only game for which I bought DLCs just to have some extra things I don't in fact need. So that means I really love it!"
76561198012883252,Recommended,290340,29634852,Posted: 1 February,all,Capnflintlock,"Become a rat, on a journey to wealth and fame. Put on a ring that makes you avoid harm like stank on soap. Be friendly to everyone you meet, and bribe the everliving *#%@ out of them with property and tax benefits. Manipulate them slowly... and finally get them to go at all out war with each other. Sabotage any that would do the king harm, or adversily would try to help him, and laugh as you won the game from behind the scenes."
76561198142724636,Recommended,290340,29639976,Posted: 1 February,all,MLDragon,"Beutiful game with a sound track to match! It is really fun to play with your friends, but I would not recommend buying it to play by your self. It would be nice to see a story mode, or some way to utilize the amazing cinematics.In short, I recommend getting Armello, but only if you have some one to play it with."
76561198035391503,Recommended,290340,29655532,Posted: 2 February,all,lagrie,"Nice Boardgame, Well done.LoG made a gem of a game. And i'm always up to play armello in between other games.Sitting back and relax.BUT even i understand the Skins etc added to the game are to help the devs.It is still sad to see them beeing pricy.They are only skins, so they won't take away from you'r experience of the game !Just wanted to point that out since microtransactions arent the best business model out there.A DLC pack like the heroes and season pack wouldv been smarter to do with a game like this.Again its a good and sollid game for us boardgame fans !enjoy the game, and i hope you role the dice correctly, stay away from the rot !!!and save the kingdome !sorry for the bad english."
76561198068432436,Recommended,290340,29776219,Posted: 7 February,all,theNEWTking,So much fun.
76561198002769778,Recommended,290340,21803441,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Lord_Leo,This game is amazing. Wonderfull and epic to play. Love it to bits!
,Recommended,290340,27860945,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cozy,"A fun digital board game, highly recommended."
76561197961992389,Recommended,290340,20162313,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Recoil,"This game is beautiful, it has it's issues but after a few more plays you can get around the lack of information in certain circumstances."
76561198036309215,Recommended,290340,21014995,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Basslinez821,"The combat system can be maddeningly random, but the game itself is a blast."
76561198177322995,Recommended,290340,21115543,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Wolfdoggonit - KSR,"I LOVE IT! It's incredibly interesting and fun! I play board games a lot, Catan, risk, warhammer, etc. I havent played a lot of card games though. However, this game combines both! It's strategic from the charcter you choose (Different charcters are better for completeing different objectives) to how you play your cards and how well you watch other players movements, battles, items. 100 out of 10!"
76561198127573566,Recommended,290340,23115445,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Rainbow-Hooves,"Armello, where do I begin. The moment I saw the trailer of the game I was hooked, in 1:30 it managed to get me excited for the game. I'm not going to talk graphics and such as each game that's being released nowadays looks great, and so does this one. As for sound, after playing a couple of rounds I grew bored with it, turned it off and putt on some Youtube. Not to say it was bad, but you know, you can only listen to the same song and jingles that many times.Controls! Oh boy, I have a couple of gripes here. One being the cards being to close to your dice in combat and perils. Sometimes you roll dice when you meant to grab the last card to burn it, it's annoying. This is pretty much the biggest one, but there are numerous others. Camera resetting to a zoomed in position while you zoomed out, your camera being jerked everywhere when something happens, I think you get the idea, I'd say it's annoying, not game breaking.Bugs! This game is great when you play it casually. When you're trying to get the achievements, not so much. I had it happen numerous times that I was going for an achievement and the game just froze, in the menu, between turns, rolling dice, for no reason at all. This gets really frustrating at times and makes me want to punch the screen.Multiplayer. There is one, but I'm not going to try it because of the above reason. And also because there are exclusive characters you could only get when the game was being kickstarterted. I'm not playing against characters I know nothing about, it's an unfair advantage and these characters should be DLC at some point, be it with in a different skin, or some other model, I'm sure there is some solution.Should you buy it? Well, the game is worth the money, I'm at 44 hours now and have yet to get all the achievements, and some of the other unlockables. If the devs first work out the bugs, tighten the UI, and level the playing field multiplayer wise it's a solid title worthy of your collection."
,Recommended,290340,21193843,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Lorengorm,"I don't often write that many Steam reviews, however I felt like I had to for this one.To put it simply, Armello is a fantastic game. There is so much about this that makes me squel with joy when I play. It's just oozing with love and you can clearly see that the developers, League of Geeks, put a great deal of effort into this title. There is a ton of character and charm behing this. The art direction is fantastic. The whole game idea is just so good. This is one of the best ""tabletop to video-game"" takes that I've had the joy to play.There are a few things that I would like to see get added to the game though.First, I would love it if there was another game mode. This is obviously something that would take a ton of effort to produce. However, I'd be more than happy to pay some if this was part of a DLC pack or something. The base game offers a ton of variety. This is due to the fact that you can aim for a variety of different victory conditions. It would still be cool if there was a secondary game mode that was some other task than trying to deal with the king and his rot. This could also be an avenue for creating a game that lasted shorter. As it stands, the games take quite a while (not too different from a board game). Some people might not always like that, or have the time to sit down and play for that long. If there was a secondary one that went quicker, that would be awesome.Second, just give me more Armello! More heroes, cards, quests, and all the like! I just love the game so much, having more content to it, even though it really does have a ton right now, would be so sweet!Sorry for the long review. If you can't tell, I really, really, love Armello. So yeah, if you like strategy and/or tabletop games, get this. Seriously. It's fantastic.Alright. Gushing over."
,Recommended,290340,21224415,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Wolven Remorse,"Pro: Visually pleasing, strategy plus a little luck goes a long way, very detailed cards, characters, and quests.Con: Spirit Stone victory is pointless, collecting them is a waste of time, as they don't do anything. Wish there was more quests to do, less chance. Can not customize a character very much.I would like this game more, if you could unlock permanant upgrades/outifts to the characters as you play one more. It would also be nice to have more spirit stone rules, like being able to steal from others."
,Recommended,290340,19552895,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,WALCK A30,great game
76561198254768754,Recommended,290340,21033048,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Orange Soda,"I love everything about the game, and I play it constantly, I just wish it got more popularity, as I find myself playing with the same people continuosly. Aside from that, the only thing I can ask is that the Devs keep working on new cards and possibly new characters or map setups. Regardless, 10/10 to me."
76561198088996436,Recommended,290340,21223117,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Gramma_Gothy,"I love this game, I only hope that they continue to come up with more content/characters/ gamemodes. Playing the normal version by yourself can get boring until you get more pre-game items. In the end, it's super fun to play with friends!"
76561197975925447,Recommended,290340,21222754,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Randomly Greener,"A four player board game with great artwork, music and animations. The gameplay is addictive and each game takes around 40-70 minutes.There's plenty of smart mechanics which makes it run much more smothe than other turn based mp games. You can equip items or cast spells on other players turns, and select quests AFTER you finished your own turn, significantly speeding up the turns.I had high hopes when I started playing this game and it exceeded all my expectations."
76561198063502214,Recommended,290340,19570178,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Grimace14,"Like settlers of catan, but much deeper and no commerce. Mechanics seem to have been well balanced. Very unique take on an old table top combat system.Follow Up, after purchasing the Usurpers add on: still balanced, but now seems a bit easier to get corruption victories. Magna and Elyssia are awesome, but struggling with the other two newbies.New Bandit Clan announced and looks very cool."
,Recommended,290340,20387102,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Hello It Is Your Boy Pop Tartlet,"This game reminds me of the time that I was a huge anthropomorphic wolf fighting for the throne of an ailing lion.This game reminds me of the time that I was a huge anthropomorphic bear gathering stones to banish an ailing lion.This game reminds me of the time that I was a huge anthropomorphic rabbit gathering treasure to gain enough prestige to be next in line to the throne of an ailing lion.This game reminds me of the time that I was a huge anthropomorphic rat being an enormous fagalahole.(Something about rot victory goes here, who knows, literally no one goes for rot victory)Game is good if you like things, also if you're a furryNever play as Brun he sucks."
,Not Recommended,290340,35381279,Posted: 1 October,all,Richard Upton Pickman,I love this game and i would give it a positive review but im done with chests for games you already pay for and not only that but also have extra dlc. In addition the game was meant to have a gog version but the devs abondend that one. Might still play the main game and enjoy it even if the random chances are very unfair at times.Lovely art for a game with very different cool gameplay but another dev that wont put the extra work into the game for a drm free platform. Maybe one day you devs learn that all this microtransaction and dlc business is also costing you customers.
76561198313355806,Recommended,290340,31250140,Posted: 19 April,all,MockingWraith,"This is such a fun, and amazing game, and really a work of beautiful art, the gameplay is so addicting and is one of my favorite games ever!"
76561198052325510,Recommended,290340,25347019,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Ragjan,"It's like a virtual board game!Armello is a strategic and turn-based board game which feels to me like a mix between Endless Legend, Heroes III and competetive boardgames -It also contains a pinch of Game of Thrones!.The game takes place in a fantasy universe inhabitated by animals with humanoid characteristics. Upon launching a game you'll be able to pick from an arry of different heroes - each one of them having special strenghts and traits depending on their ""animal clan"" (There are rats, wolves, bears and rabbits). The map is open to exploration and consists of tiles.You'll then spawn on the map and from there on you have only one goal - to defeat the other players and to kill/replace the dying and insane king. You can archieve this by different means, there are four ways to win the game - by killing the king in direct combat, by banishing him through the use of ""spirit stones"", by waiting for him to die while having the most prestigue/influence in the realm or by becoming more corrupted than the king - and slaying him in close combat. The entire game is round based and lasts up to 10 rounds (~19turns).Every player starts with a set of cards, some of them being useable skills and some being items. They can be equipped/used by investing spellpoints or coins, thus adding a tactical approach to the game. Items will influence the combat against other heroes and NPCs and you'll have to consider how you want to use them. There are also tiles with perils, dungeons, poison swamps and mountains, all of them having different effects on the characters.The combat system is heavily RNG-based but also contains tactical influences to some extend. Upon starting a fight each side will throw a certain amount of dices, the symbols will determin the effect (either defense, offense or nothing). The outcome of the fight will determin if damage was taken. You can burn cards to influence the outcome of a duel. If a hero dies he'll respawn on his starting field.Lastly I found the graphics of Armello and it's music to be beautifully made, and I really enjoyed the combat animations and the attention to detail which was put into the game! If you like competetive boardgames and (maybe) have some friends to play with you'll surely have lots of fun for a long term playing. Playing offline is fun as well, but certainly shorter lasting than the multiplayer!"
76561198053272824,Recommended,290340,27468921,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kamitemu,It's amazing game!<3
,Recommended,290340,23496250,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,sylvester kelcey,"This has got to be one of my favourite games in years. As a D&D player, this game appealed to me when one of my friends told me about it, and I gotta say that this game is worth the $20.10/10"
76561197998585223,Recommended,290340,32792779,Posted: 25 June,all,Vegantichrist,"Love this game. Began playing it on Xbox, but the matchmaking on there is so broken.  If you like board games, strategy games, beautiful, atmostpheric games where animals stab each other in the back to wrestle power from a deranged lion king, then get this game."
76561198005511672,Recommended,290340,18476692,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Marshmallowmancer,"Gaming culture has undergone a bit of a...well, a regression for lack of a better word. I don't think video games are becoming any less popular as a medium of entertainment, but the last couple years have seen an incredible surge in the popularity of board games. Remember board games? Those things you were forced to play with your parents once a week while they tried to coax out more details about your life in some poor attempt at family cohesiveness? Yeah, those.But at the same time, not those. Maybe I just wasn't exposed to the geekiest possible board games when I was young, but I remember playing Monopoly and Scrabble and Life. Simple games with simple rules. But those games are nothing like what we've seen come out of the board game renaissance in the last few years. Games like Risk and Settlers of Catan (ok, arguably Chess was very much this type of game as well) set the stage for incredibly complex games like Arkham Horror, Dead of Winter and Legends of Andor, games so complex that many of them could be played cooperatively against the board rather than against each other, which is still a novel idea to this day.Much in the same way that Hearthstone before it married card games and video games in a way that simply couldn't have been done in any other medium, Armello is very much a child of these two genres and it works very well...for the most part.Thematically Armello acts as a sort of combination of the Redwall books - which, for the uninitiated, feature tribes of anthropomorphic animals living together in a fantasy setting - and a very watered-down Game of Thrones. The basic premise is that you are a member of one of four clans - the wolves, the rats, the rabbits and the bears - and the ruler of Armello (a lion, natch) has been taken by the rot, a sort of corruption that threatens to drive him to madness before it, eventually, claims his life. Your goal, then, is to put yourself in the best position to take the throne from him and ensure your tribe's ascent to power.Gameplay wise, Armello is very much a board game at its core. You have a set number of moves every turn and you negotiate the map for resources including gold (to buy things, duh) and cards to empower yourself or snare up your opponents. You must win before the withering lion king's last heart of health wastes away. If no one has claimed victory before then, the person-er, animal with the most influence over the throne (measured in prestige) at the time of the king's death wins.Combat and other conflicts - like fighting your way through one of the game's many ""peril"" cards placed by other players or even the king to hamper your progress - is played out through rolls of the dice (many, many dice in some cases) in which you try to match symbols for successes - in combat, swords and shields for hits and blocks and in ""perils,""trying to match different symbols.In these ways Armello is fun but not especially innovative. It doesn't so much bend the ""board game"" genre like Hearthstone, in many ways, did with the card game genre, doing things that games like Magic: The Gathering, in its physical medium simply couldn't. But it does it competently and with a nice veneer of paint that wouldn't have been possible on a drab board with cardboard cutouts. And keeping track of all the numbers of modifiers and cards would be a much bigger hassle in a physical medium anyways.The one thing that Armello does that, while not impossible, would at least be difficult and unwieldy in a physical product is the implimentation of the king's ""neutral"" forces and the universally-hostile ""banes,"" creatures of the rots. While clearly an antagonist, the king is more mad than hostile and while he can be turned on players for various reasons, he and his Labrador guardsmen are more obstacles and nuisances than outright enemies. He can even be manipulated into helping you in various ways. The banes, meanwhile, are a constant, AI-controlled threat that add some spice to an otherwise standard experience.Individual games of Armello are fairly short and it would be nice if there was some level of customization to mix things up more, adding health to the constantly deteriorating king to lengthen the game perhaps even additional map sizes to mix things up a bit. But overall, they are enjoyable and nicely paced to be played in a single sitting. Unfortunately, multiple game sessions tend to feel very similar with the only variation being how you choose to attain victory, which mixes things up a bit but I predict not enough to give Armello permanently-lasting appeal.Finally, the game can be played single-player or multiplayer. I haven't had a chance to play it with my friend yet, but I predict that multiplayer is the way to go. It can be nice to get a feel for the game in single-player mode, but the AI is easily delayed and duped. In the few games I've played so far, I've won primarily by letting time tick away and maxing out my prestige. The AI makes a bit of a clumsy attempt to claim victory but nowhere near the concerted effort a human opponent would. It almost seems to stumble around until the game is almost over and then say, ""oh right, I actually have to try and win"" before trying for the only victory criteria it can accomplish...one in which it has done very little to prepare for. The promised addition of a ranked mode is interesting but I'm not yet convinced about the competitive promise the game might have.All in all, though, I've very much enjoyed Armello. If you like board games, you could do much worse."
,Recommended,290340,25365606,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Biscuit Snack,"Never having been a strategy/board game player, I had my doubts about Armello and was almost certain I would hate myself for spending even 15 dollars on this. But I promised myself that was the last game three games ago, it's 4am and I still want more.Even for a huge strategy idiot like myself, the game is relatively simple to catch on to, and as you come to understand how everything works and the various ways to victory, the plotting and scheming is suddenly intense – there can only be one winner. Despite competitive gameplay and false diplomacies (Mecurio, I thought we were friends but I knew I couldn't trust a damn RAT), the developers have done a good job keeping players friendly to each other, with the only form of communication you can send to another player being prefixed character dialogues. Contrary to many complaints of the game being buggy and unplayable, I have yet to run into a single issue. Game works like a charm and doesn't even require much to run it.Unlike usual strategy titles that require hours of commitment each game, a round of Armello takes only slightly over an hour. Except you're not going to only be playing one round."
76561198093588708,Recommended,290340,16953088,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Zielquill,"exelente, me gusta mucho y para ser apenas un eraly access tiene un gran contenido"
76561198223308768,Recommended,290340,17906884,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,WildChild,Armello is a great game to play! Its nice how there are different ways to win the game. They have designed the game really well and the art and animation is amazing! I would recommend this game for all ages.
76561197970655726,Recommended,290340,17942155,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Loud Steve,"The game is fun, good multiplayer. A digital board game."
76561197991567851,Recommended,290340,18025907,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Fixxed,"An addicting and amazing boardgame with a relatively steep learning curve.The game has an amazing vibe, good compelling dynamics and is beautifully, masterfully crafted in order to make RNG not only competitive but not that frustrating!!So to explain how they did that (or why I believe they did) I must first say that, I bought this game as a boardgame designer, to understand some really interesting peculiarities.It is imbedded in RNG and as far as transparency goes, this game is not an example. So is it bad? No...As a strong believer in pre-production and heavy design in order to combat rng and give space to balance and skill, this game showed me new possibilities for luck and uses it in a way that hasnt really been seen in Boardgames before.Most decisions in the game, involve luck ( % ), however, it is post luck, as in, first macro decisions (where you go, what you do and so on) then micro decisions that will have luck mechanic. To illustrate: you gear your character, move him on the map and decide whether you want to engage in luck events or not. IF you do, then your gear, character info (relative to race, buffs, etc) shall weigh the outcome of the event, may it be a battle or some other encounter.So luck serves as a weight to your moves in order to make the game more competitive and dense Strategically wise.Furthermore, the game uses really amazing Aesthetics to brush off unecessary intensity and soothe your experience, as a hot soup blow. So when rng does get on your nerves, you will barely notice it over the amazing music, illustrations and whole experience.The only con to the game, is the amount of info you must attend to simultaneously. Meaning that, while it does have a good UI, it uses the fact it is a digital boardgame, to incert more information than anyone could possibly process. PLus, the learning curve is indeed steep and although tutorial process is connected storywise, it is still a dull process....All in all, this game is really really good and worth cutting through the tough leathery learning membrane.Online games are really intense but still manage to maintain the shoothing game's vibe. 8/10"
76561197980879987,Recommended,290340,18029429,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Rödman,Magnificent <3
76561198051671826,Recommended,290340,18007764,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Merrow,"This is my first time writing a review for any game and that is because I truly wanted to show how much I appreciate Armello and LoG of course. The characters and environment are stunning.  I enjoy the questing system that LoG has implemtned in the game which keeps things interesting an dchallenging.TThis is a well made digital board game, with interesting cards/spells.I am looking forward to seeing much more added to Armello as this is a game I plan on playing over and over again!"
76561198031396215,Recommended,290340,16497800,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,AlanGreenspan,"Really fun board game. Mechanically sound, tight, and straight forward. The game clock seemed to be pretty spot on for wrapping up the opportunity for several win conditions being viable at once; however, I would have preferred it be a bit longer per game. Additionally, the timer for ""burning"" cards was annoying unless it was meant by design to force you to think fast. I also feel more can be done with the rot mechanic.Great early access game and I'd love it more if I had a physical copy for game night."
76561198077533629,Recommended,290340,17909747,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,foxdevil1,"The only bad thing I could ever say, even after playing this game for several hours now, and enjoying the liveing bejesus out of it, is that I didnt know about it's kickstarter. I would have been dumping money into this.Aside from 'shut up and take my money', I suppose I shoulld give some actual details on the game.Its a board game, where the premis is simple. Become king/queen. Your competeing with three other heros and the current king himself at times, to do just that. The way you go about playing is all up to you. Do you build up your character before walking right up to the king and kill him man to man? Or do you politicaly bide your time, gaining the king's favor and eventualy when he dies, the crown.The board on wich you play is new every time. This coupled with the fact that there are eight characters currently (supposivly more in the future) means that each game can be entirely diffrent. I look forward to seeing what they do with this game.A note to the devs if only for the giggles, a playable vulpine character of any sort. Seriously, I will chuck money at that if I have to. I'm already bummed I missed the chance to support your kickstarter."
,Recommended,290340,17997448,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Bitcherina,Fun game! I only wish the multiplayer rounds lasted longer.
,Recommended,290340,18076852,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Wildeflit,"4 ways to win, 8 characters(I hear more are coming, like Squirrels) with their own bonuses and only takes around 30 minutes for a full game.  I love how you can customize to set yourself up, but then the little bit of randomness in each of the three decks of cards (you choose which you draw from) can totally change your strategy.""I just need one more Spirit for this Teleport"" ""This ally makes my spells cheaper"" ""A staff that gives me prestige for holding towns?"" ""Shoot 2 points of rot right off the bat I guess I should try for the Rot Victory"" ""Oh a spirit stone appeared right beside me, maybe I should collect them""  ""I can box him in with Perils..."" These are the kind of things you'll be saying.  There is a large element of luck, but a lot of it is playing(or finding ways to get rid of) your cards well and the game can quickly change right up to the end.A wonderful race of guts and glory, my new GOTO game when I don't have a ton of time to sink."
,Recommended,290340,17944444,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Gerg,"Surprisingly rich and complex boardgame brought to the PC in a really beautiful way. There is a surprisingly depth to Armello, for each of the characters, that would make this game terrible to play on a tabletop, but as a digital boardgame it excels -- impressive!There is a fair bit of cartoon violence and intercharacter conflict... which is to say, murdering your fellow players is an effective and often necessary strategy -- friendships beware. Death is only a minor setback, and may be beneficial in many cases, though.The art style is beautiful and accentuates the background story and keeps every turn engaging. Attack animations, unique touches for the characters, and wonderful card art (and animation!) are all top notch. If you're curious, investigate how they incentivized art contributions!There are a few bugs: things like chunks of the interface that can go missing, but for the most part, resetting resolution or alt-tabbing can fix that. Full-screen functionality (Command+F) on Mac seems to be wonky, but works most of the time. There are some sound issues.Game balance is pretty well done. Rot seems hard to collect, but that's about the extent of it. Some folks complain about River sniping the king, but to them I say, kill the Wolf! Would love to see better error-handling in the netcode, as there is no way to get a player that disconnected back into the game; they're replaced by a hot.Note that the game is MUCH improved by playing with real players. The AI is a little on the simple side and tends to go all out to fixate on a specific character each game -- often the player. You can't argue with AI, and the minor metagame of diplomacy does improve the experience."
,Recommended,290340,17952672,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Vasmir,"I have enjoyed this game, the art style, gameplay and over all idea if pretty fun. I would give it a 7/10 though, few reason which I'll give below.Pros:-Lovely Art Style-Interesting play style of the old hexagon rpg table tops-Animations are well done and fluid-Concept of the game is imagnitive-Multiplayer works well and tests your friendships (Who will help you or end you)-Interesting Game mechanics, from complete dice modification, to in game affect through choices.-Loveable and cute characters: I mean look a Barneby, He's so damn eager to bonk them.Cons:-No game customization (You can't alter your map experience, each map is rerolled at a set size. Ways to fix this would be allow an option of multiple map sizes, with other game alterations)-Winning is single minded: You win by having the highest prestige, whether or not you have slayed the king or not. (Ways to fix this, Make prestige victory a draw breaker [both player and king die or king dies without a killing blow being dealt] I beleive the game could have alternative ways to win as well, fix the king, remove the rot from him, corrupt him fully, etc)-Restricted Character: The block on the additional bandit clan almost made me not buy this, and some of my friends refunded because of this. This is a good way to hurt player base when you have a purchasable game with locked characters, if the game was FTP then it would be understandable, or if they were purchasable from a DLC (Which would be a good idea for future clans as well, or adding them in as free updates)-Short: This game is short, if you don't love it, you'll get bored quickly.The map is as big as a small continent from Sid meiser's Civ games. Quests only go to about 5 or 6 (haven't counted persoanlly) before you get end game quest."
,Recommended,290340,32804036,Posted: 26 June,all,Ik,"Definately a great game! I recommend you get it. A bit hard to get the hang of if you jump straight in, but if you play the prologue, it makes things much easier. Great game, great graphics, great story and great little trailers. If you're looking for a strategy game, this is a great one, and if you're into medieval just like me, this game's great!"
76561198043926690,Recommended,290340,18112253,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Fau,Great tabletop game on pc. I recommend this game if you like throw dice and play rpg-like tabletop games
76561198074378373,Recommended,290340,18117999,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,dm.harlin,"I bought Armello upon release, something I don't usually do (wait for patches/sales/etc), but I don't regret it.Basically, it feels like a great board game ported to videogame world.Pros:- Overall great game mechanics: balanced enough so skill/experience matters, random enough to make it interesting and not pre-defined- Dice-based combat- You have a lot of options and strategies to pursue during your turn- Good art (especially cards) and lore- Flawless Linux version (single player)Cons:- Problems in multiplayer (see below)- Minor flaws in the interfaceOK, not for the hard part. So multiplayer clearly has some issues, and while some of them (network problems and game-stalling bugs) can be expected to be fixed in the near future, others are more tricky.The average multiplayer game lasts 1 to 1.5 hours, and you don't have much to do during your opponents turns and game events (King's Guards and Banes) - that is, 70 to 80% of the time.It would be perfectly ok for a BOARD game, where you can chat with your friends/fool around/do some diplomacy, but it i NOT a board game (although feels a lot like one).You even don't have an in-game chat, only pre-defined emotes.Some options to overcome this:- play with friends and chat in Skype/whatever- read Twitter/what you prefer during other players' turns- have a beer in hand (always helps)That being said, I still enjoyed multiplayer to a certain point, and single player is completely OK (although can get boring after 10-15 hrs)."
,Recommended,290340,19867413,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,5arah,Really fun game. Has a nice boardgame feel to it.Looking forward to seeing this game evolve
,Recommended,290340,20962144,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Smoke,"I was skeptical of this game initially, as Ive had poor opinions of card based games in the past, but Armello was way beyond even my hopes and blew away my expectations. thre graphic style is gorgeous and the gameplay is quick and thoughtful. They are correct when they say - easy to learn hard to master. It's true!Definitely a worthwhile game to support with your hard earned dough!"
,Recommended,290340,21570519,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Farrel,"I have trouble finding the words to do Armello justice. It is a wonderfully thought up board game, but developed to be played in a digital format, as a result it can do things that tabletop boardgames just can't. Players using stealth vanish from the board, there are neutral 'characters' who have their own agendas in game, the game itself is very carefully crafted and cleverly put together to be interesting and gets very challenging if you go online.But all of this is secondary to the one thing that League of Gamers utterly nailed, and that is the theme. The aesthetic of Armello is a joy to behold, from the serene looking map and hauntingly simple but evocative background tunes to the cheery character designs and battle animations and card art that will make you want to stop and take the time to appreciate it from time to time.Okay, sure, the AI players are a little easy and finding a game online can be a little difficult depending on your time zone and when you're looking, but there is still development going on and content being added, with the Bandit clan DLC on it's way and recent 'the stranger' update shaking up the ruleset a little, it seems hopeful that we'll see some more expansions and further improvements to an already wonderful game.Highly recommended to any lovers of board games."
76561198067970439,Recommended,290340,23101454,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Stephanie,"I'm over 100 hours into Armello now, mostly in multi-player.  The game is a real hidden gem; it's fun, it's cheap to buy, and it's still getting cool new stuff added to it.I enjoy the competition and wild unpredictability of multi player mode the most, but be warned: it's a turn-based game, and sometimes you get a player or two that is reeeeeeally slooooow at taking their turns, which really ruins the game flow.I think as time goes on, you'll be seeing mostly players who are pretty quick at taking their turns though. It's the noobs who tend to agonize and overthink their turns, somehow not noticing that the biggest factor is simply your dice rolls.  And once the current sale is over, I think we'll be seeing a lot less noobs.For sheer fun, and cartoon animal silliness, Armello is a definite 10/10. And if slow turns get you down, there's always single player, which plays VERY fast. Almost too fast, because AI opponents love to try to kill the king and end the game ASAP. Make sure you're always #1 in Prestige ranking when you do single-player, cuz often the AI opponents aren't even close to being geared enough to kill the king and survive, so the winner ends up being the player with the highest Prestige."
,Recommended,290340,23146743,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Gnaw,"Usually i'm skeptical of games that try to fuse too many genres, but Armello does it really well. The strategy, CCG, and RPG elements and each simple enough that the game is easy to learn, but they blend in organically so the game achieves and depth through width. Plus, the individual charactes have a good amount of balanced variety so you can either rely heavily on the game mechanics you like the most or do a bit of everything and still have a chance at winning. The game does rely heavily on RNG, but there are countless ways to control it and effectively doing so is what makes you a good player. Bonus points for having a great art style. Well worth 20 bucks."
,Recommended,290340,24032625,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Zalbraxes,"This game is simply wonderful.It has a story, and a very good one at that. Its not even a story that you can act upon, since its, you know, a board game. It works as the setting to the world the game happens on, explains why youre doing what youre doing, and it even expands farther from whats needed to provide depth. There is even lore to explain what exactly is the Rot, which is a game changing mechanic, even though you dont really have to know what it is to appreciate and play the game.It has quests. No, it doesnt have level ups or anything, the quests are simply there to take you to your objective (and equip you on the way) to take the throne. If you pay attention to the questgiver's dialogue, it expands upon the aforementioned lore, so you know what your chosen hero is going through even though you arent in 1st or 3rd person controlling mode.Speaking of characters, those are charismatic, and each has its own lore and gameplay. While you can finish the game by completing any of the objectives, its clear that some characters are better suited to some victory approaches than others. This makes for a varied strategical touch, and adds a lot to the games replayability and, given that its a multiplayer game, its not as if you will only want to play this once anyways.Lastly, graphics and animations are amazing, music is impressively good (you dont mind at all that its being looped), and the spell effects are beautiful. As for bugs, so far I have encountered only one kind, which stops game flow when someone drops from the game; seems to be a bit random, although it may be caused solely when the player disconnects during a load screen. And for those of you worried about raging players, fret not, there isnt an open chat during matches; all players are limited to a quite big selection of interactions, roleplayed by the chosen characters.Overall, great game, fully recommended, way worth the full price, and it still has unreleased content, so keep an eye out for updates."
76561198008225825,Recommended,290340,24033329,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Daxius,i really hope they add to this game. either expansion or make Armello 2 with a bigger playing map or even a randomly generated one
76561198079246903,Recommended,290340,24041509,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,eversong,"Amazing thing. Basically I've stopped playing Hearthstone since I discovered Armello's multiplayer. Quite unique on digital market. And they keep updating it, and they keep in check balance issues, and they will expand it to mobile devices.Terrific."
,Recommended,290340,24266744,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,k1rin,10/10 would kill the king again... and again... and my wife never gets to win 'cause I just keep killing the king.
,Recommended,290340,24330130,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,KATA-,"Ups and downs, but fun regardless, especially so when playing with friends.It's good in that the gameplay is solid and straightforward, with a simple set of rules but a lot of room for skill and creative maneuvering. It's particularly interesting in that it's not always clear whether it's good or bad to accumulate or lose points in a certain statistic. Some games you will want to be poor, some games rich, some games you'll be forced to make unconventional plays, and some games you'll find it better to suicide in certain situations, even though suicide is a bad thing in this game. Or is it?Only thing that bothered me about the game was that it just took too long for the AI-controlled units and entities to take their turns."
,Recommended,290340,29128802,Posted: 8 January,all,VATHIRIRIMOS,"Great board game, well done, great interface, not hard to learn, simple controls, great characters, nice randomness of board setup and card draws, really addictive"
76561198104514379,Recommended,290340,29956505,Posted: 15 February,all,Harry Dresden,"Really fun game especially with friends.Each character is unique and fits a different play style.The game runs steady on just about anything and still manages to look good because of the art style.I've only experienced glitches in the multyplayer twice in my time playing and one of the times it fixed itself quickly.None of the DLC or purchaseable items are required to have fun, despite what some negetive reviews would have you believe.As for the reviews saying that the devs hav gotten greedy because they are releasing ""over priced"" skins as a way to make money and in turn make more content for the game....Really? have you see what a skin goes for in a game like League of Legends? the cheap ones are around $7 after you get enough cash shop currency and thats on the low end, they can cost like over $20 for the really fancy ones.Why is this any different?Overall a great game though this is quite a bit of anger in the community for the new faction that's getting close to a year overdue."
,Recommended,290340,17374389,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Tighfield,"I only had to play it a few times to realize that this game was fantastic! Great artwork, gameplay mechanics and music! I've told many friends about this game and they are ready for its release. Don't let this game slip through your fingers! It is worth every penny."
76561197993064419,Recommended,290340,18055694,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Mondo Gibbs,So Armello....... I love it plain and simple. Why you might ask? beautiful art and sound along with a great exploration feeling game mixed with a dice based combat.The characters are also very different and even though i have only sunk 14 hours into i want more and more. a match is not long and therefor least likely to become boring
76561198084167407,Recommended,290340,18059643,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Dissent,"The design of this game is a huge draw, and the game mechanics often produce entertaining results.  My only complaint is that if you don't have friends (with mics) to play with, it gets old pretty quickly."
76561198107034621,Recommended,290340,29638265,Posted: 1 February,all,MegaDiggerSpark37,"Love the game! It takes advantage using graphics to animate their characters and cards. Hard game to win, alot of strategy and decision making. You win some adn lose some, but overall the best game you should at least try out!"
76561198025813277,Recommended,290340,16997559,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Kajen,"Entertaining board game, lovely art style, easy to learn hard to master, highly recommend it."
76561198170555102,Recommended,290340,18100205,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Storm,"A different strategy game, where the ability to play cards at any time and the dice rolls make it a unique one. Plan your moves wisely, things can turn upside-down in a flash because of one card.Great animations (even the cards have animations! And holy molly, they are great!) and graphics, awesome soundtrack which helps set an eerie mood. The lack of voiceover doesn't affect the game at all.Give these guys your money, they deserve it."
76561198012819738,Recommended,290340,19272983,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Chairman_Meow,"Beautiful game. Great to play with friends. I haven't played much online against random people, so I cannot comment on that, but playing with people you know is a lot of fun.There is a bit of randomness in the game, but it keeps it exciting and makes each match different. It can be a bit hard to comeback if you fall behind, but there are many ways to win, such as going for wyld stones, or slaying the king near the end, so you can always pursue a different course of action if your original way isnt working anymore. It keeps you on your toes and forces you to figure out the best way to proceed given the cards you have and your location on the map.Definitely a fun board game with lighthearted elements and gorgeous animations."
,Recommended,290340,22984975,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Flotts,"The difficulty I have with this game is capturing people's interest long enough to explain it. It's not a game that you can see and know whether you'll like immediately, so it's really difficult to share and explain to others.Though, I've never met a person who got through the explanation and didn't want to get a copy for themselves.This game is amazing."
,Recommended,290340,15139996,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,エミル ™,"The art style, the animations & the gameplay in this game is amazing, each game is a different adventure & its just amazing. Its definetaly a game that you are gonna play more than one time ;)"
,Recommended,290340,19668698,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,SergalBait,I'm terrible at reviews. This game isn't terrible. Buy it. Support the devs. Please don't wait for a sale. Just buy it.
,Recommended,290340,19810044,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,valerie,"This is my first review on steam. I have played about 80 hours on the game and have probably unlocked all the rings, each game taking about an hour or so. I bought this game out of curiosity since the graphics were just amazing to look at. The sound impressed me as well. What I like about it is that it is a friendly game that doesn't have in game chat. It kind of hinders the social experience of the game but keeps it civil, instead having the built in text to choose from. This game has an interesting concept of having four ways to win which is rot victory, highest prestige, 4 spirit stones, and defeating the king. It's really fun how there are lots of ways to win and kill your opponents. There is a lot of strategy going on, such as skill cards, magic cards, and trap cards. You must go on with your quest while defeating your enemies and winning by one of the four victories. There is a lot going on in this game. The dice is also an excellent touch, since it allows you to click on it randomly which allows it to be fair aND challenging. Beware that although I do recommend this game, there are still more developments that should be made. Such as when the Internet connection is loss, you are automatically kicked out and cannot join the same game. Penalties for leaving games should be longer since it destroys the overall game play of having to play with AL players. Ranked matches are also not availible yet. Overall I recommend this game despite its ongoing developments because it is visually satisfying and fun."
,Recommended,290340,16187595,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,(SNT)Niak,Solid board game with some interesting twists - with multiple win conditions all games feel close.
76561198052657128,Recommended,290340,18944545,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Blockishfox,Great game full of strategy and wonderful animations.One of my favorites hands down.This is more of a board/card game than story based rpg.
,Recommended,290340,14170531,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Kleedrac,"What do you get when you mash up a board game, an RPG, and animals into a PC game?  Apparently you get Armello!  In the grand tradition of games like Dokapon Kingdom you play as one of four characters who are trying to set themselves up while the king dies.  The games are fairly quick (maximum of 18 turns until the King's demise) but with 4 ways to win (and more ways to screw over your friends) why not pick this up!"
76561198142551510,Recommended,290340,15164554,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Chippy,"The art style is fantastic, the gameplay is great and there is a good amount of challange due to lucky dice rolls.Only con i can say at this point is, because it is early access there is no saving."
,Recommended,290340,19835893,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,AER134A,I can not recommend this game enough...The art style. The game play. The goal. All of it works beutifully.If your are into board games in any way I would be amazed if you didin't like Armello.
,Recommended,290340,29775032,Posted: 7 February,all,kitkat,"Poor old king is sick, so the cutie animal heroes travel through the land to rescue the kingdom! Watch out for those rotten birds.  ^-^"
76561197980434218,Recommended,290340,35162916,Posted: 23 September,all,MrWolfe,I love this game. It is great fun and very replayable. Good with friends or with strangers from the Internet.
76561198007647825,Recommended,290340,32815554,Posted: 26 June,all,Deixis,An entertaining digital board game.Light-hearted and simple to understand and play.
,Recommended,290340,26698613,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Pavarotti,This game makes Monopoly seem lightning fast.Fun though.
76561198058192543,Recommended,290340,26691935,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Orkaux,Pretty pretty tactics.  Super fun.
76561198017335776,Recommended,290340,25331608,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Murloc,Fantastic board game with incredible depth and strategy.  Well balanced asymmetric characters makes it interesting and offers good variety in play styles.  The game often sets up for some climactic finishes in a race to complete your final play before someone else does.  Nice artwork and I like the limited chat options which keeps it civil and avoids ragers from abusive rants in chat.
,Recommended,290340,29966346,Posted: 16 February,all,Our Mellow Bear,It could use a few more bears tbh.
,Recommended,290340,20293097,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,✩тнє ωιи∂™,"Pros:+ Fun+ Strategy and planning+ Different characters with different skills+ Unique board game style+ 4 ways of winning the game (more fun)+ Short tutorial (easy to understand)+ Can overturn game in a moveCons:- Lacked of players (hard to find games for multiplayer)- If a player leaves in multiplayer, need to wait for timer to go off before skipping him/her- Ranked game not yet implemented (maybe cause of lacking players)Overall:Good game whether with friends or single player. Able to pass time.Rate:8/10"
76561198100697543,Recommended,290340,18733876,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,LUST.,Simply freakin' good.  Want to play the rivalty of a monopoly game? Want to play cool childish character but with an edge of dark and blood behind their stories. Play this game.
,Recommended,290340,30945362,Posted: 4 April,all,Vosoros,"A board game full of complexity, beauty and intrigue aplenty that will have you coming back to play this gem of a game time and again if you're anything like me..."
76561198094067869,Recommended,290340,17979486,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Wanderer042,""" I can't become king if someone else already sits on the throne.""- Nickolai Luzhin. ( Kingslayer Barnaby)If you are a fan of Dungeons and Dragons mixed in with Game of Thrones, with a Dash of An American Tale. This Game is for you, the art is just a feast for the eyes. Each character is unique in both appearance and design. For a board game that encourages adventure, it is truly a unique experience. As I played hours as Barnaby, the Screwloose genius who’s pretty much a medieval MacGyver in brass armor and is a tan Rabbit. Using certain item combinations, I used my bag of tricks I outsmarted the guards and killed the evil king. The land is once again cleansed of evil. The age of oppression is gone, finally we took back our home! We must fight the evil, and this land is once again ours and we’ll see it wiped clean of the scourge of Rot Banes that has ruined Armello. Free from tyranny! Armello will see freedom. Let the other houses squabble while someone takes the initiative. I see Barnaby sitting on the throne after killing the evil king, bruised and battered, He remembers all those whom have given their lives to see him succeed; as he now contemplates on bring back the Armello to its former glory.( And This is my story when I played the game. This happenes everytime when I play this game online. It is just..I am a loss for words. It is unique in everyway and I hope to see more from this series)This game is centered on killing the Evil King who’s ruled the land for far too long. He is plagued with the disease known as the Rot, a sickness that turns the characters into crazed killers, as it corrupts the mind and makes them into shadows of their former selves. Combined with political treachery and betrayal from the other houses, you cannot trust anyone in this game, not even your own house! It is a mad dash to the throne, whatever way possible. Cure the king, but in doing so he dies. Or challenge him to a duel. become a kingslayer that killed the mad king. You can even go the political game and gain prestige, by gaining the peoples approval. However you can go to the darkside and kill other players and become corrupted with the rot, sending Armello into eternal darkness. You have the power to do anything, just make sure it is the right one. This game is not perfect but it is a good start. I want to see this series grow into something wonderful."
,Recommended,290340,17861310,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Running Freak,Brilliant!
,Recommended,290340,31423158,Posted: 28 April,all,RED Floyd /(Weber)\,"The premise is simple: Fairytale animals kill, maim, and play Politicians & Backstabbers to depose and become the new king.The games store description is already enough to convey the game mechanics. Also the game really is fun to play with friends, because it does play and feel like a boardgame and in my opinion that means it works best with friends."
,Recommended,290340,29617101,Posted: 31 January,all,DactyM,This game is worth every coin spent. It's a wonderful creation based of board and card games into a beautiful new atmosphere.
,Recommended,290340,16883792,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,[TRG] Roy,"It took a while to get used to, but after a few tries of different tactics, characters, RNG and a few keyboards later, I can finally sit down and enjoy most of the games i play. The exceptions being the ones where I spend a good hour trying to get a normal victory before someone rots me and i go into the final battle with a disadvantage of 9 dice.11/10 would lose to infuriating AI again."
,Recommended,290340,17378624,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,ChristianBk,"Really interesting. Takes a couple of games to really understand but very much enjoying it. If you like board games and want to play a Game of Thrones style digital one, this one fits the bill."
76561198016522577,Recommended,290340,17674910,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,CubeX Skytower,Beautiful artwork and omg the soundtrack is really making me  chills on my hair... 10/10!!
76561198014938221,Recommended,290340,17881582,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Gmatter,"First: Game is exceptional and worth every dollary, so I have to recommend.Howver: There are some frustrations. Perhaps I'm not understanding everything yet, but success or lack of failure rather, seems to boil down to minimizing attrition, because unless you have substantial gear/followers,  you are very suseptable to to being killed in one encounter.  This is due to the variability of dice/cards and the numerous modifiers within the game.  Even at full health, with some good cards, your not safe. This makes early game survival critical as heroes are going be getting sent home frequently.  Making matters worse is the variability of the cards and drawing a hand full of cards you cant use.  Sure, you can burn uneeded cards and lock rolls, but I seem to need to do that far more frequently than I'd expect.  Its easy to get discouraged when, no matter what you do, no matter what options you choose, there is little chance of success, and no real option other than restarting.  This makes the prospect of online match-made games pretty grim, as players will quit in the first few turns as soon as someone has a clear advantage.  Perhaps I just suck and don't get it yet, but before they dumped money into the beautifull, triple-A assets,  they should have playtested the crap out of the game in a physical version to expose what feel like game ballance issues.  On the otherhand, I'm going to continue playing, becuase it's presentation is so slick, I'm optimisitic the frustrations I have so far are just because I'm no good."
,Recommended,290340,17896698,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Korvos,You don't have to be a furry to enjoy this game. All you need is an appreciation for artwork and an appreciation for quick strategy board games!
,Recommended,290340,17899371,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,ZomBeeBonita,Beautiful art!
,Recommended,290340,17899560,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Pathfinder0427,I need chat system.I feel playing with AIOther thing is great
76561198025429064,Recommended,290340,18055378,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Sneeky,I whole heartedly reccomend Amrello to my friends and family. You should try it too!
76561197985880927,Recommended,290340,25278764,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,mboros,"Fun game, beautiful artwork, cool idea. Game is too easy for my taste, even the first time I played single player I won and there doesn't appear to be a way to play a more challenging mode."
,Recommended,290340,29548192,Posted: 28 January,all,atomicfluff,Game of Thrones meets Furries.
76561198039164273,Recommended,290340,31384912,Posted: 26 April,all,"""Ironwolf""","I love this game. Period. You will too. Do not listen to those who cry over dlc and down rate a fine game.This game has never crashed on me. The developers seem good. I hope they will add content and not just skins.That all said here is my final one liner regarding this 9/10 game."" Basically Settlers of Catan and Game of Thrones had a baby and named it Disney"""
,Recommended,290340,31797702,Posted: 16 May,all,60TT4 63T 4 6R1P,"9/10 it ok.Nah bro just kidding, this game is addicting as ♥♥♥♥ and I can't stop playing it. Please send help.If you like D&D tabletop games get this one. And the bandit DLC. Spam Twiss to annoy everyone in the game and make them commit suicide. Win at life.lol. Okay! In all seriousness, this game is awesome. The art is really well done, good animations, interesting mechanics, good replayability since there's like, what, 15 different characters (and 4 ways to win) with unique traits, etc. Worth every penny my man! Git it."
76561198020095224,Recommended,290340,14273562,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Chapchep,"Absolutey playable!  Great concept.  Reminds me of the old MB Dark Tower game, with some great dice throwing and card dropping depth that absolutely keeps the game creative without going to the depths of slow 4x games or too much to read otherwise great turn based games.  Don't have to worry about spamming multiple units here either, unless you like spam.  Just your charcter moving across the land questing, fighting, dropping stuff on the board for others to run into.  The only drawback for me is the devs have kept the graphics options limited to ""LOW"" only for now due to the graphic memory of my computer....wish they wouldn't have.  Other systems I am sure enjoy more eye candy.  GW2 Runs great on this machine by the way!  I have an iMac: 3.1 GHz Intel Core i7,NVIDIA GeForce GT 750M 1024 MB...   The game plays great and still looks good!  The Game has great potential.  I am looking forward to playing with family members online!  Thanks for the hard work."
,Recommended,290340,14144527,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,GodBless,"Love it, well spend! looking forward to future update!! <3 <3 <3"
,Recommended,290340,17285845,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,FlecktarnWolf,This game is bloody fantastic. Greatest relationship breaker since Mario party.
,Recommended,290340,19799111,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,I'm Not Sue,"Having watched this game through Early Access iterations and release, I can say that the game is fun and also that the devs care that it is in a good state.HARDWAREGTX 970, Phenom II X6 @ 3.2ghz, 16gb RAM, SSDMouse and KeyboardSteam Controller -Works great, see below.Performance - The game never drops below 60FPS and looks great 98% of the time.  Minor texture flickering may occur and occasional audio performance issues from using the newly released Steam Controlled and Big Picture mode it seems.  The game is being constantly updated.  I have experienced NMA (no more action) bugs only twice or so in my 74 hours of gameplay, some other minor bugs after its release from early access as well but the release is solid and you should not experience any real issues either.  Netplay seems to work very reliably and has Steam integration for playing with friends.Gameplay - Armello is more or less a tabletop board game where you control one of several semi-customizable heroes in your quest to be the new king.  This is achieved by acruing the most prestige when the king dies of a magical corruption (or failed regicide), killing the king and surviving, or by collecting four artefacts required to cure him.   You have several decks of cards with themes of equipment, magic, and subterfuge, which you can draw and play towards your goal.  There's choices on how to progress your character, risks to weigh against rewards, and plenty of tussles to be had with the other players as you fight each other along the way.  The thematics in this game are all wonderful, and the art, music, and visuals all contribute to the great presentation.  The duration of a full-length online game is about 45-90 minutes depending on how long people take on their turns, and it can be less if a player achieves one of the other victory conditions,But is it fun?  I think so.  The game has a strong element of RNG.  Random board terrain, cards drawn, AI character movement, fickle dice rolls, and other players strangely unpredictable behavior all contribute towards making the game seem a crapshoot.  One of the more prevalent complaints I have seen is how RNG heavy the game can be.   But strategy does exist and a large part of it is being adaptive to the state of the game and trying to sway the odds in your favor.   Knowing what decks to draw out of to try get the right cards you need, knowing what your objective should be for that phase of the game, and knowing what victory condition you should be working towards (and not just wandering the board aimlessly), these are all important and more.  True, this isn't always going to work, but the game would probably be a lot more boring if every player was able to run consistent strategies, or only a few consistent strategies existed.  The randomness of the game gives you more unpredictable 'oh-my-god that just happened' moments.   It wont require any sort of grand strategy game knowledge to enjoy yourself either, so if you like to just play by the seat of your pants you can do that too.  I think most importantly, if you can be a bit laid pack and not get upset over the outcome of a dice roll going completely wrong and maybe even losing you the game every now and then, you will have a good time.All in all, its a great game.  I've played 75 hours and loved them all, and I hope to play many more.  There's been a lot of balance changes from Early Access up til now a few months after release and the devs do have an ear to the community for the most part.  There's some more content on the way in the form of new characters as well, and maybe even some more content DLC down the line (I hope!).  Its a good one.  I'd recommend it.-STEAM CONTROLLER-Game works great with the Steam Controller!  I would recommend my custom setup I have uploaded to the community profiles section, or you can read my suggested binding here.  This arrangement lets you easily and quickly view player positions and keep an eye on the action.  I put left click on the left side (unlike the default for steam controller) because it felt more intuitive to grab cards located on the left side of the screen that way.I'm Not Sue's Armello KB BindingsLEFT BUMPER assigned to Right ClickLEFT TRIGGER assigned to Left ClickRIGHT BUMPER assigned to Hero Shelf (H)RIGHT TRIGGER assigned to Inventory (I)STICK assigned to w,a,s,d respectively.RIGHT PAD is set as mouse.  Customize sensitivity to your preference.  No click action.LEFT PAD is set as Directional Pad. Assign buttons to Focus Player (1-4), keyboard 1, 2, 3, 4, and click action to Focus Quest (Q) Q.  Require Click is off.Assign mode switch for the LEFT PAD to LEFT GRIP.  Scroll clockwise and counterclockwise to Camera Zoom In and Camera Zoom Out (mousewheel up / mousewheel down).RIGHT GRIP is assigned to Focus Active Player (Spacebar)LEFT GRIP is unassigned.Y BUTTON is Roll Dice (R)A BUTTON is Left ClickB, X BUTTONS are unassigned.< BUTTON is Show Scoreboard (Tab)> BUTTON is Menu (Esc)"
,Recommended,290340,17877552,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Luli,"Love, love Armello! It's a great hybrid game with beautiful graphics."
76561198063439803,Recommended,290340,22655406,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,ElGringoBandito,"Armello is the game that I constantly beg my friends to buy so that we can play together, and then they never do. It's ok though, I can lose to the bots until they get their copies and start to beat me."
,Recommended,290340,16902924,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Thegoodoldays,It is a fun game to play with friends a little random but still good.
76561198158187363,Recommended,290340,17416861,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,路逢無明,"a game about stab animal's back, cruel ,inhuman.2015/9/3：there is something i want to say is what means ""win"" in a roll dice game. in an RNG God's game the Arch Enemy is not a player hostile like Cthulhu but RNG itself. what this means? this means the game's ""Victory"" is not players's victory, just like Armello, it testing your ability of judge, and even you are beaten to pieces in one game, that not means you lose, some times RNG just want to ♥♥♥♥ you , but you can still make right judgement when you get ♥♥♥♥ed. you truly win your own game only when you know in your own heart that you had your every judegement right in your Bad Luck Nightmare, you were only screwed by RNG, not by Cthulhus or your own stupidty.tired to see the same ugly arugement in every roll dice game, some of you just bought a wrong game."
,Recommended,290340,17875512,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,RageBucket,"Fantastic ""board game"" with well done mechanics and gorgeous art."
76561198038536260,Recommended,290340,17886372,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Zolombo,Beautiful board game with good tutorial and nice mechanics.
,Recommended,290340,17892720,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Sytin,"For $20...ish, it's a wonderful board game. Think Settler of Catan's and Talisman's Boring free, love child, with Furries would would see in a PG13 movie, Armello in a nut shell. Don't know what Settlers of Catan or Talisman are? Ask Jeeves.PRO(s) - The games mechanics are balanced enough to make any path, you choose, enjoyable; can customize charcters selected; can play others ( when you're tired with teh AI counterparts )CON(s) -  It's $20; Needs a Marvel vs Capcom vs your mom Roster of furry people pool to select; Needs moar Clans five seconds ago!"
76561198149760195,Recommended,290340,25291733,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Fukaluo,"Rather than releasing a dlc and whatnot, why don't you work on the bugs of the basegame?The game itself is very enjoyable albeit a bit long when playing multiplayer. More often than not, unfortunately, I have encountered game breaking bugs while playing. Out of 10 times playing multiplayer, 5 of those times the game just stops, music continues, everything moves, but no actions can be done causing the players to start leaving the game. After a player leaves, an AI is supposed to take their place, but guess what: nothing happens. You are just stuck there. This ONLY happens in multiplayer, and apart from that you get penalized for leaving.I like your game really, but a great deal about the game is multiplayer. How about we try to figure out whats up with that first?6.5 outta 10 because of that, otherwise 8/10"
76561198058369472,Recommended,290340,28243033,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Buraun,"Armello is fun fantasy table top styled Multiplayer/singleplayer game where you can decide and play the way you want (Most of the time) This game has good amount of content and this game will keep you on your toes. Also Furries, gotta love Furries."
,Recommended,290340,30077977,Posted: 21 February,all,Magigigika,Sana is my wife
,Recommended,290340,31385495,Posted: 26 April,all,Wren Gamer,"I'm a big fan of board and card games, so of course when I found this game, I bought it to see how it worked. It's a Virtual board game, so it couldn't be played in the real world, but is it fun as itself, ignring this aspect?Yes, yes it is.While I wish I could play with freinds locally with my copy (as some virtual board games allow.) Just playing it a few times wins me over. The lovable, visual charms of the game combined with the complex, yet easy-to-learn rules and mechanics made it a total blast. At currently 4 hours of play I'm certainly no expert on the entire experince, but the gameplay was fun enough that make me want to set aside more time for more games.Speaking of my little play, however, when looking at other reviews with FAR more play than I do, there's a common complaint about bugs that freeze up the game or make it unplayable. I've not encountered these, but then, I've only played about three full games.Final Thoughts: I own, and like, this game. I've not encountered any bugs, but they may appear more rarely, so who can know for sure? It's a reccomendation from me."
76561198097179140,Recommended,290340,14314610,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,KingMonkey,"This game is absolutely brilliant in design and looks. The game plays like a board game that you would play with your friends at a table, but you can do it online! The mechanics are great and the overall gameplay is pretty solid and fun to play. The devolpers have yet to let down and seem to be responding  to the players. For Early Access this is one of the best games I have ever gotten early. I think it will only get better as it gets closer to released."
,Recommended,290340,16944438,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Orisimo,Really enjoying this. I hope they add Local Co-op - would be great to play when friends are over
76561197969430711,Recommended,290340,16947627,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,MadCarlos,Beutiful and unique.
,Recommended,290340,14151526,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Dare,Been looking for a new boardgame style game for awhile and this one did not dissapoint!
,Not Recommended,290340,23258081,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,p53,"Online gameplay is the focus, but is essentially unplayable due to bugs and incredibly long time between turns. Can you even talk to your opponents during games?"
76561198038596718,Recommended,290340,14184401,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,cemery756,"I was extremely attracted to this game because it immediately reminded me of the Redwall book series I loved as a kid. Bought it on sale for a rather steep $20... still not sure if it was worth it (only time will tell), but I can say that the game is fun and well-designed.Pros:Despite having very little in the way of a tutorial, I found the rules and mechanics pretty easy to grasp after a couple quick test runs. The interface and controls are quite intuitive.Playing as most characters (see more on this below...), the game's difficulty seems well balanced, not too hard and not too easy. This is due in part to the fact that luck does play a role in whether you win or lose any given battle/situation, but I see this as a positive rather than a negative. Your skill is still what wins you the game in the end.Nice art design, graphics, music, and overall theme.The game rewards you for playing and achieving different paths to victory, with unlockable perks for each character.Cons:Could use more content, more maps, maybe a campaign of some sort...The story is superficial and leaves a bit to be desired. This is also something that a campaign mode with cutscenes would help fix.One of the playable characters, the bear, seems to always lose really badly when played by the AI. I haven't tried playing her yet but there's obviously a bit of an imbalance there."
,Recommended,290340,14173628,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Rvzy,"NOTE Linux Optimus/Bumblebee (switchable graphics) usersAs of this moment there seem to be issues with optirun and primusrun, the game will only run on integrated graphics.That being said I definitely recommend this game if you don't have this kind of set up, wait for a fix otherwise."
76561198059779238,Recommended,290340,14639557,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,vengeful5values,"**Edit since the new update**** Edit** I really love the new updates that they've given to the game -- the quests now lead you right up to the castle to defeat the king -- giving you at least a chance to be able to confront him or not. New cards have been added. And after a few playthroughs, the cards have become quite strategic in countering your rivals or enhancing yourself. A subtle thing that I love is the day descending into night and vice versa. As your turn begins, it is the very break of day and as each player takes their turn, it gets darker and darker until actual evening. I really like that. My love of the actual game is starting to lean towards actual fun and recommendation. :) If they keep enhancing it more, I can see Armello being something truly special. ** Edit **I don't think I can mask my disappointment with Armello. I seen the previews, I love anything with animals and love RPG's and card games. I guess, in my excitement for something new, that I glossed over the ""board game"" aspect of it. That's what Armello is -- a digital board game.The story is very intrigueing and I love it. I love anything new and different. But, with just a digital board game aspect, I don't see how the story can unfold -- the way it could with a card game or RPG. ...You start the game with the king already consumed by the rot. You and three others journey across the board. You have a few ways to win: gain prestige until the king dies, gain more rot than the king and battle him, confront him without the rot and battle him ...Questing takes the form of dungeons on the mountain hexes on the board -- it's random what you get: either coin and objects, or a clash with a dark specter. You can also quest across the board on various tiles, performing either acts of good deeds or not. You are given three choices to make and each choice will get you a different result. Perhaps this was the rpg aspect they were advertising. Or maybe it's the table top aspect that was completely lost on me.The card game aspect feels like an add on. Again, I guess I was expecting an actual collectable card game type of thing. ... But the cards, themselves, are beautiful and a new and interesting aspect about it as each one has something animated happening in it. I've played a few games and for what it is, it's a fun way to pass the time but ... I guess with this particular game, I was hoping for something more.I'm torn about this. I really want to love Armello ... but an hour and a half of a play through as opposed to taking my time and exploring or going on a side quest to do something else, the count down of the king's life is an ever present thing.Maybe when the game devolps beyond what it is right now, I may look at it differently. I *am* in love with the story and the animal world that they've created. It has amazing potential to go in so many different directions -- books, tv/movie -- maybe an actual, traditional rpg game in future, I don't know. But I will definitely keep watch on new and upcoming updates with this game and this world.In the end, it depends on what a player likes and wants. Some people are into the traditional table-top paper/pencil experience. I suppose, in this regard, Armello seeks to deliver. If it's something more like Final Fantasy or Magic the Gathering, it's not like that all.I recommend it for a new and different experience -- and for the story. It might be what other people are looking for and others might be wanting something different. It's difficult to really say where a recommendation is concerned. If you want to take the chance, put some money down to check it out."
,Recommended,290340,14135076,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Baka,"Wolf!Rabbit!Bear!Rat!:cueintromusic:Long ago, the four clans lived together in harmony. Then, everything changed when the Banes attacked.ArmelloThe Legend of treason and cruelty to animals!My treacherous dungeon-crawling bunny stole all prestige and won!Will play again!10/10"
,Not Recommended,290340,34048976,Posted: 5 August,all,motleywizard,This game has beautiful art and some interesting ideas. Unfortunatly the decision to make too many of the options in the game random means you quickly feel that the game is playing itself and you're along for the ride.
,Recommended,290340,31379209,Posted: 26 April,all,Kyrynn,First and foremost I want to address the number of people moaning and groaning about microtransactions.I get it... MTs can ruin a game... but not a single one of the MTs in this game changes gameplay.  Even the DLC that unlocks the 4 new characters doesn't really change much because all the new chars are balanced.  So quit complaining about cosmetic micro transactions and saying it ruins the game.This game is a lot of fun.  There are four different ways to win the game and there is always a chance to come back.  I would say the game boils down to be about 35% luck and 65% tactics/skill.  The game always plays out differently so it is hard to get bored of it.Definitely worth 20 bucks and would definitely recommend.
76561198056586723,Recommended,290340,33342346,Posted: 7 July,all,Drjellyfinger0,When I bought this my wife begged me to come to bed. I refused so that I could play the game past it's pretty neat prologue. Now I sleep on the couch but I am also the new King of Armello.10/10 It is good to be King.
76561198023345422,Not Recommended,290340,29710063,Posted: 4 February,all,Eldric,"This game had potential, but unfortunately, while the general concept is good - it just doesn't live up to what it COULD be.Went into this game thinking ""Oh hey, it's based on tabletop RPGs - I've played those before and they can be entertaining, going through dungeons in a group, questing, etc. Sure, I'll give it a shot!"" but alas, it wasn't meant to be...There is absolutely nothing in this game that ""sucks you in"" in terms of gameplay. The ENTIRE time you're playing, you're staring at a tiny little map broken up into hexes, with giant figures featuring you, the three opponent ""player"" AI, and various other AI representing the King's guards, Rot enemies, etc. all moving around....but that's it in terms of gameplay. Want to quest in a dungeon - just step on a dungeon hex! But that's all you end up doing - after that your reward is randomly generated or you could trigger one of the Rot NPCs....you don't get to go through an actual dungeon, quest, deal with monsters, find treasure, etc. like you would in a tabletop RPG. Nope, you just step on a tile and the system randomly rewards (or penalizes) you.Want to explore a town, maybe do a quest? Yeaaah....no. Not gonna happen. Once again, step on a tile, a quest pops up - you gotta roll dice or burn cards with symbols on them (seriously?) to somehow ""win"" the quest. Fail - penalized, win - oh boy, you get a few coins or maybe a card...Want to buy equipment or upgrade your pre-existing? Nope - you gotta somehow hope that you pick an item card (when that finally happens in the game) that fits what your need, if not, you're stuck with a card for a piece of equipment you don't want.No, the entire time you're playing this game, you're staring at a hex map. Want to start a party - maybe quest some? Nope, not here. A ""party"" are basically npcs you win through questing - and we've already talked about questing. They're basically cards that hardly ever interact (if at all) with you and just provide a modicum of points/benefits (if any) for you.This entire game is nothing more than numbers chasing - you're trying to become the Prestige leader for every turn, trying to acquire 4 soul stones to MAYBE heal the Lion King, trying to gain enough corruption/hit points to take ON the King in combat, etc. Meantime, the other npc players are trying to handicap you at every turn, laying traps, stealing your money, attacking you, etc.Needless to say, this got boring FAST.Listen, this game is basically eye-candy and even then - not much else. Plotwise - it's got about as much depth as a kiddie pool with a half-inch of water in it. The storyline is the barest boned I've seen in a LONG time. You never really explore this world - you just wander through it, trying to get your character high enough before the game times out or is won by someone else. Game mechanics are pretty much luck based, and if there's something along the lines of actual strategy involved - I've yet to see that.This game had the potential to be SO much more. Given the types of similar ""anthropomorphized animals in a medieval/magic-based setting"" content out there - such as the Autumnlands and Mouse Guard comics, plus pre-existing RPG games that follow D&D mechanics, such as Might & Magic, this game could've been more immersive, more plot driven, so much more INTERESTING than it currently is! Where are the quests to try and find out more about ""The Rot""? Where are the quests to explore the history of this land? Where are the quests to explore the land, PERIOD!?!? I'd have loved to be able to put together a party of npc characters or even multiplayer friends, and just QUEST in a dungeon or explore the wilds of this kingdom, fighting monsters, doing quests, etc. instead of running around like crazy people, from one end of the map to the other, trying to perform what comes down to as MEANINGLESS quests, all in an effort to numberchase against AI opponents...This isn't entertainment, it's very pretty annoyance and monotony. And yes, much like everybody else, I find it appalling that there's FURTHER in-game purchases for what is nothing more than variations of the same eyecandy skins that already comes with the game, and very little of anything else. The fact that they charge almost (if not more) for the ""upgrades"" than the game itself make me scratch my head in wonder as WHY someone would continue to fork out money for a game to look remotely prettier if the game mechanics are (at the end of the day) still pretty damn boring.My recommendation - Avoid Like the PLAGUE!"
,Not Recommended,290340,31002081,Posted: 7 April,all,LemonLabrador[PL],"Wasted 2 hours of game with incredible luck just to watch my game crash. 2 days in match and I would get 2x loot. Opponents had no chance to win.Felling just like kick in the nuts, after putting so much effort. I wont change my opinion till I get my deserved drops back and I highly regret playing game again in double dip event. Dont buy it unless you like playing single."
,Not Recommended,290340,17914658,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Klarum,"Let me start by saying the game is not bad but I cannot recommend it until they balance out the victory conditions.As it is only one victory type is viable although there are 3 or 4? possible. This destroys the game's replayability. The game has limited turns and all the mechanics for a non-prestige victory take you too long and are really hard compared with the faceroll of the prestige victory.It looks beautiful, it is a great concept but it failed the playtesting for balance IMO.Buy on discount or wait until you hear victory conditions have been balanced."
76561198194898554,Recommended,290340,20419214,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,sasanaki,"Very pretty, game mechanics fun, multiplayer essential but sometimes patience required (as in a good game of chess).Cannot wait for it to grow even bigger!"
,Recommended,290340,22181213,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Ryebread,"Armello is a beautifully picturesque board game. From the thrilling battle exchanges, to the delightfully animated cards and intro sequence, to its storytale-like writing that paints a small saga for your character through your quests, this game is a treat for the eyes and a fun dice-rolling way to occupy about an hour. However, as Armello is primarily a board game, you may turned off by its randomness and its slower pace.For me, Armello's chief strength is the quality of its visuals. You can see this yourself, as a number of a YouTube gaming channels have recorded their playthroughs of it during Early Access, including:Northernlion;Stumpt; andJesse Cox. There have been a number of changes to the game since it exited beta status, but what you can see from those channels is largely how Armello looks in its final state. You should also notice the ""talking woodland creatures with swords and magic"" theme, which can prove to be quite the nostalgic bonus for those of you read Redwall novels and Mouse Guard comics. Armello also features a ""dynamic sandbox"", which essentially means every game will have most of the terrain tiles on the board randomly generated, ensuring a different experience and requiring different tactics for every game.It must also be noted that Armello is quite friendly to new players. While the game starts off simply as your chosen avatar explores the land, a player can be swamped by the variety of cards and events he'll face. Fortunately, the game is very informative through its in-game guide (easily accessed from the main menu and during play) and is sufficiently detailed in its hover tips. This is especially the case with the cards, the major method you'll be using to interact with Armello's world. Each card comes with a short but clear description of their uses, so the player should never be left in doubt. Furthermore, the game has already seen two patches since its full release, and both patches have added new free content to the game including new items and cards. Details on these past updates can be foundhere at Armello's website. As is apparent, Armello has a dedicated development team behind it, one that fully intends to keep the game alive by bringing even more to it through future updates.Mind you, if you find yourself frustrated with the randomness and waiting of board-games, then Armello may similarly irritate you. While some strategy is possible, victory in Armello is greatly dependent on the luck of the draw and the luck of the roll (though this can also be an appealing spice for the adventurous). Also, every game of Armello requires 4 players, whether they be human or AI controlled. This means you'll find yourself sitting through quite a bit of downtime, watching other players go through their turns. In the game's options, you can opt to skip AI vs AI battles to lessen your waiting time, but you can't fast-forward all of it. You could leave the computer while AI turns play out, but watching other players' moves is also part of the game (i.e. planning your own moves based on where your opponents appear to be going or what they may be planning to do).All in all, Armello is a wonder for the eyes, and one round is a delightful way to spend half an hour to an hour. While PvP games online are completed in one go, offline player vs AI games can be saved and continued at a later date, making this game a fine option for a short spot of casual fun as well. If all this tickles your fancy for fantasy, delve deep into Armello and try for the Lion's throne."
,Recommended,290340,20318901,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,iburnaga,The salt generated by this game could make a crystal the size of the earth. Great board game for playing with friends or randos. Good stuff.
76561198064980277,Recommended,290340,20656777,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,duckstar2000,"You can see that the game is beautiful but you should know that it's also a deep and well-designed board game!Online multiplayer works great and adds a whole new dimension. Luck, strategy, and c'mon, rolling dice (even virtual ones) is always fun -- especially when you character's prestige is on the line.A must buy for board game fans."
,Recommended,290340,23884323,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Shywolf,Beautiful art coupled with fresh gameplay and a world that just seems oozing with rich lore-- even though the landscape and stories change each time! I highly recommend this game to anyone and everyone who didn't hate Redwall.
,Recommended,290340,23815682,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,AlueHuskyWolf,"the only issue I have is that i struggle to get the game open and working, but that could just be my laptopeither way i love this game so far. the art is amazing, and the map is pretty and i just, it's such a pretty game. A+"
,Recommended,290340,23878969,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Keldrin,"Pretty good competitive board game.  Several paths to victory, engaging combat system, and just overall fun to play.  If playing single player you'll need to go into the options and turn on fast AI turns unless you want to go get a cup of coffee after every round, but really that's a very minor annoyance.  I'm quite pleased with this purchase, and think I will be playing a great deal of this game. :)And props to the music and art people.  Well done, :)"
,Recommended,290340,23918042,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Kleinaroo,"Armello brings the wild fun of table games to PC. Its great art style, characters and the simple, yet subtile complexity of the gameplay mixes together with a rare charm. This game most definitively deserves praise and should be appreciate by most table games lovers. Hopefully, the devs will keep on adding content to bring people back into the game, because if I can find 1 thing that counts as a con it would be that; there isn't a lot of people on the servers, thus it can be hard to find a game rapidly.Nevertheless, this game is wonderful <3~ !"
76561198087859838,Recommended,290340,28093551,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,yukinari (update 6),heh. i loved this game. especially with the animated art on there. that was a very nice touch. its just a lovely game that i enjoyed very much and i do recomend it for all dice game players out there.
76561198142103797,Recommended,290340,18944753,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,kinkigeek,"This is the first time ive ever felt strongly enough about a game to actually write a review. This game is awesome! The graphics are stunning, the storytelling is compelling, the gameplay is simple but effective, and it has just the right level of difficulty to keep you coming back for more. You won't win everytime, but you might, and that makes it pretty magical. I have so far played about 5 hours worth of this game, and I can forsee many more in the near future. A definite recomendation!"
76561198051438657,Recommended,290340,30441856,Posted: 11 March,all,Radax Glenn,Excellent game choice! Good strategy board/card game mix with an element of whimsy.Think Game of Thrones meets Redwall Abbey or Watership Down. A+
76561197999503097,Recommended,290340,26877660,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Flashframe,Good fun....yup
76561198056864946,Recommended,290340,26405589,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Magerious,First things first.  Its a board game.But a really fun one once you see how many different ways there are to win it.
,Recommended,290340,32893536,Posted: 27 June,all,WizBiz,Great game to play with friends.
76561198018607841,Recommended,290340,18720502,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,dmetry_k,"I love the game.It's a table top game with graphic animation. it has a good mix of Strategy, luck and role playing game.Each character is unique and have different play style. the Sana is more magic base and defense. River is balance character with a bit of stealth and magic. etc.Pros- the game is dynamic. every play through is different even if you play the same character.- the game is unpredictable. you might be winning the game in turn 8 but things can go horribly wrong in turn 12.- different ways to win but achieve the different win condition is hard. 90% of the time i usually end up winning prestige.- Beautiful art . the cards are beautiful , the graphics in general is beautifulcons- maticilious , you cannot pass forward the animations .- Need more cards!!! - there are a lot of permutation combination... that's the fun part of the game for me. seeing the different equipment/followers/magic combinations.- bigger map. if i play Sana sometimes i end up adjacent to all fighter characer.. which pretty much ruin my strategy. I endup working around it."
,Recommended,290340,20302518,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Voodont,"Perfect for fans of more complex board games. Gameplay against AIs can be slow, but can be tuned in options. Art style is beautiful, provided you aren't annoyed by anthropomorphic animals."
,Recommended,290340,33259343,Posted: 4 July,all,Vixen Fox,its a grate game and the DLC are not needed for the most part highyl recommend
,Recommended,290340,19344366,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,TheAngryMelon,"RNG will always be a cruel, unforgiving force.I absolutely adore this game's atmosphere and visuals, and games are short, tense and enjoyable. Even still, I've lost count of how many times I've let out some sort of gargled raspy noise as I failed -another- skill check.70% chance to win? Nah, son. You failed. Meanwhile your opponents are winning every roll they ever make.Still, I really enjoy the games I get out of this. My last victory was so nail-bitingly close I don't think I have fingernails anymore."
,Recommended,290340,18673244,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Folferz,Challenging boardgame with really good graphics and a unique combat system.The art style is really great too.10/10
,Recommended,290340,18720214,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,f r a n k,"Absolutely stunning, with a somewhat unique approach to recreating a board game in a virtual environment. Very well done, with so many little details that make it even better. I can easily recommend Armello to those that love RPGs, table top and classic board games, and Alice in Wonderland."
,Recommended,290340,19350653,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Phoxly,I've had a lot of fun with this game. The multiplayer is fantastic and I plan to play a lot more in the future
76561198033245626,Recommended,290340,19893958,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,duane,"I have a library of about 45 games and have only reviewed one other game.  I am simply not compelled to do so very often but I must say how much I love this game.  The art is fantastic.  The devs are very active and it is just fun.  Sure, it has little issues here and there (would love multiplayer matches to form a bit faster for example) but this is a rare game indeed.  Victory is never guaranteed, you can help other players or stab them in the back.  Become an epic hero in battle or out-wit everyone without swinging your blade.  Take your pick; there are so many ways to win...and lose.  If you are on the fence...dont be.  I will see you in battle."
76561198004745193,Recommended,290340,19926807,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,=(e)=™ draxx,"PVP heavy game, similar to talisman/witcher but on a much faster clock. Quite a few strategies to explore."
,Recommended,290340,20243312,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,nyklon,This is what a boardgame based video game should be.  The intrigue and multiple win conditions are fun.  There is a lot of skill involved and you will still be praying to the gods of rng but i have not had this much fun with a boardgame in a long time.
76561198153164719,Recommended,290340,20303827,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Stig Duesenburg,"The game is a beautiful mix of gameplay, emmersion, incredible art styles, and flawless replay value (especially if done with friends). The game is still young so one cannot be too harsh on some very minor flaws in my opinion. The game play is like a nice mix of the Lord of The Rings story with Studio Ghibli art stylings and themes with a D&D twist thrown in with it's relative form based gameplay (just everybody makes thier own story). All in all, a great game."
,Recommended,290340,19913618,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Beymart,"I like ALOT this game, now I will just wait to this game be in a boardgame format :D"
76561198066136010,Recommended,290340,20304408,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,danopkt,"League of Geeks definitely captured the board game feel they were going for. Plenty of strategy and multiple victory conditions make it an interesting play right up until the end. My only complaint is the lack of local co-op. I understand why they've chosen to exclude it given the way some cards can be played at any time, but it would make the game that much more enjoyable. Highly recommended nonetheless."
76561198018723503,Recommended,290340,31527670,Posted: 3 May,all,necrogodomega,"Having just finished my first game it was pretty fun. Interesting mechanics, though I can imagine it can get ""cheap"" sometimes since it's a bit random.I like the art style and the story is decent, though they had cool little videos for the prologue when you actually achieve a victory (in what I've seen) it's just like a standard ""good job""."
76561198026667042,Recommended,290340,20141995,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Wendersnaven,"This is a digital conversion of a charming board-game.All the busywork has been taken out, allowing casual players to pick up a game for an hour. I normally don't do a lot of multiplayer due to min/max metagamers of nerdy rage; but this game was meant to be played with humans. Just like any game worth its salt, you can learn through loosing and win through experimentation and luck.Once you have the mechanics of the game down, it's time to learn the cards and characters. Then you can formulate your strategy. Some players give a negative review of the game due to ""too many attack dice"" being used- they just didn't pray hard enough to the RNGod is all. Dice are random, and you have to be able to take your losses if you want to play this game.If your friends never have time to get together in person, this is an activity you can easily fit schedules together with. Plug into Teamspeak, and it's like it's the 1990's again- you know, before the internet when we used to socialize over the tabletop."
76561198063269580,Recommended,290340,20126436,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,davepbgrg1,"Very good game, can't wait for more content/updates though!"
,Recommended,290340,31496457,Posted: 1 May,all,Aseemi,"With a perfectly made enviroment, Armello definitively feels like an epic song from the days of yore.Build your own fate in a gorgeous scenery, with various dangers and adventures!But beware, for future is uncertain. A fair but unkind RNG, alongside the various cards, will make you to think of your strategies as you use your wits to defeat the various perils.In the end, every adventurer needs a pinch of luck.Show who is the true next king in Multiplayer!A couple extra features would be nice, perhaps as optional, like a game chat or a player fast turn.However, with a pre-made sentence chat, multiplayer lacks no fun or emotion!So, my fellow adventurers, grab your sword, bow or axe and let us shout...For Armello!"
,Recommended,290340,20690709,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,[HoM] red_dorian,"The art style and presentation is excellent; this is very much a digital board game, and has the look and feel to match. The gameplay is simple to grasp: move around the play area completing quests and the like to reach one of 4 win conditions. Variety, depth, and replayability comes from the 8 characters; unlockable buffs; and a large number of cards to reveal.I played through the tutorial just to get an idea of how the game plays, and I was instantly hooked. I have only played through 1 full game but will definitely replay as it is very fun and compelling to play. I've two main gripes with Armello.The first is that there can be a lot of down-time between turns while the AI/other players decide what to do, which would be fine in a table top game, here it leads to boredom. You can speed up AI turns, but I imagine that when playing with 3 other people will lead to very long games.My second gripe is that there is not a lot of interraction between players. You can lay traps (You've activated my trap card!) and cast spells on them, but a lot of the time the only way to sabotage someone's plan is to out-and-out attack them (if you can get to them, movement is slow enough) or to pip them to the post and win faster than them/complete an objective faster than them.I would recommend this if you like board games, but maybe put on a show to watch when it's not your turn, or have voice chat to allow witty reparte and the lively back and forths that you get with IRL board games."
76561198007611994,Recommended,290340,33269500,Posted: 5 July,all,Leev220hz,"A Gem :) A friend of mine show me this game some time ago...Yesterday was looking a stream and i decide to buy it...In my opinion...Buy it now ... for 11,99 is worth every penny- no need for dlc to enjoy the game-The Music is so cool-Easy to learn-Lot of fun- WAIT TO BUY DLC (don't rush for dlc ) . Basic Heroes are ok too! But it depends on ur playstile ,"
76561198067586476,Recommended,290340,33205657,Posted: 3 July,all,TiedInBone,"I love this game so much. I have even got a couple of my friends into it too. I think for such a complicated game the characters are all reasonably balanced. But after my most recent games i finally have some constructive complaints.1. In a recent patch spy glass was changed and is now useless. The Lantern/Spyglass combo was not overpowered and made both items very interesting to play with. Please change it back.2. Recently I have seen too many games go to a poorly equipped kingslayer victory becuase late game the king is far too weak. I understand that it makes sense for him to get weaker as the game progresses but with how little it takes to beat him in a fight something needs to change, my recommendation would be to change one of his equipment to something that gurantees him a certain amount of damage either through pierce or just some extea swords. The balance changes to the kings guard have made the game far more enjoyable and I think this change would do so as well.3. Arson is too expensive,switch the cost to a high gold value 5/6.All in all, I still love this game and recommend it to anybody who likes strategy games."
76561198133992275,Recommended,290340,29027473,Posted: 4 January,all,Pompidou,I love this game! I wish it was easier to level up though.also would appreciate playable felines?
76561198044907348,Recommended,290340,28464975,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Mike Fluff,"What be this?A European styled board game that is actually engaging?And has full multiplayer?Very good game, although the voice acting is a bit underwelming, in my opinion.9/10"
,Recommended,290340,26991107,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ChaoticBeat,Its a pretty fun game to play. A pretty great strategy game
,Recommended,290340,20921334,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,ＩＲＯＮＩＣ,"Armello is essentially a digital board game and a very good one at that. From turn one of this game, the player must make important, often risky, and game altering decisions that will shape the way they and other players progress to the end of the game. There are as many avenues for victory as there as there are players in a game which always leaves you with an opportunity for victory despite your circumstances. The small victories and defeats you experience will keep you engaged in the game up until the very end where the game's stakes rise as each player makes the final preparations for their win condition (though I concede that sometimes turns can take a little longer than I'd like). As with any multiplayer game, it is best played with friends as you will often find yourself deliberating and even deceiving them as you play. That said, I think this game would benefit from having a text chat to be able to better communicate with players in-game as the only option to do so right now is through pre-determined phrases (which have an element of humor in their own right I'll admit). The reason I bring this up is because the game claims to offer opportunity for alliance between players but in truth this can only be achieved from a few select cards and potentionally King's Declarations (this issue is, of course, circumvented through voice chat with friends but leaves solo players at a disadvantage). Ultimately, this game is a very fun and charming experience and anyone interested in this style of game will likely find themselves addicted."
76561198027158508,Recommended,290340,20921553,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Admiral Piett,"Atmospheric, fast paced, and wonderfully balanced, Armello is a virtual board game of the highest caliber. Fans of  Brian Jacques' 'Redwall' series, David Peterson's 'Mouse Guard' graphic novels, or the 'Mice & Mystics' board game will find Armello's aesthetics a delightful treat. It is a game begging for additional player characters (perhaps as DLC) as well as different maps, but one can hope such additions are already in the works. Two rabbit thumbs up!"
76561198002217828,Recommended,290340,20931780,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Jazzor,Great digital boardgame. Needs more content at the moment.
76561198007210097,Recommended,290340,20934835,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,InfiniteHorizon,"This is a board game that plays on your PC.Realize this, and it will go well for you.In the PC world, this is a casual strategy game with good replayability and multiplayer.This is not a vast, sprawling 4x. Solo games will last an hour or so."
,Recommended,290340,21536055,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,[2nd] RamRam,Give me birds or give me death.
76561198133333576,Recommended,290340,23005781,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,DecemberBlue,Incredibly fun game. Got it on sale which made it even better. A Catan/D&D/Pathfinder-esque blend of a game. Plenty of ways to play which keeps it fresh.
76561197993790671,Recommended,290340,23998586,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Infamous XIII,"Lotsa fun. The artwork is fantastic and the rules are simple enough to learn but complex enough to keep me playing a game or two every week. Also they seem to be steadily adding things with events, which is a big plus!"
76561197998495342,Recommended,290340,19819082,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,wolflahti,"Armello has been aptly described as a ""virtual boardgame"". You play against other folks online or against computer opponents, on a rather small but artfully rendered map, with the goal of becoming leader of the kingdom in one of four ways. You increase your stats by completing quests, defeating other players (or evil critters known as banes) in battle, or by luck of the draw from a deck of cards. Cards can grant you bonuses, temporary or otherwise, or you can play disadventageous cards on your enemies. Cards can also be ""burned"" (exchanged for a sure roll on your dice) in battle.While strategy has a decided effect on the outcome of a game, sometimes there is nothing you can do against a bad run of luck, and that is my only real complaint - too much luck is involved in gameplay, what with the cards, the dice rolls, and the arbitrary appearance of the quests and perils. I won my very first game almost purely by luck, because I really had no idea what I was doing.Despite this, I find Armello enjoyable and well worth the cost. It will appeal mostly to people who enjoy board games, but others may find it engaging as well."
,Recommended,290340,20918773,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,SDFox,"To begin, this is a good board video game, that is final.It's fun, creative, looks beutiful, and has a great balance between rng and strategy.that being said there are some major problems with this game that is of great importance.1. There arn't a lot of people playing it, it's hard to find a multiplayer match, and harder to find one were someone dosen't leave half way through.2. It's slow. Normally I have patience for this kinda stuff, but waiting for 3 human players can feel like a half hour.However, I still recommend it due to the fact that the biggest problem with the game is solved by more people buying it."
76561198049376196,Recommended,290340,20927170,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,ClubfootandtheWarlock,"A fantastical world that brings childhood novels like Redwall to life! Be an animal, roll all the dice you ever wanted, gain a rot dice that undoes some of those dice; equip a weapon card to add more dice, or ""burn"" the item to auto-lock the particular side you want. Watch as chance sends you home or displays the prowess of your chosen totem animal waving a weapon in the manner which symbolizes victory! Swash Swish! Dice! Health leftover? No? You die too! Find a way to make htis happen to the King without dying in the process, or find glowy blue orbs, or become corrupted, so much replayability that you may not uncover a particular victory condition until your fourth or fifth play through of this digitalized board game.Ever wanted to save the kingdom from a were-liger (lion-tiger)?Would you rather be the rat that cashes in on espionage skulking about in the shadows of village hexes, or who goes all out in night-time ambushes, with the other players losing track of you every other turn and fearing to move too far towards you?Perhaps you prefer the tank-bears, skilled in cleansing the land of the were-liger's shadow raven monsters, or the other bear tank that gains attack for using spells (Which themselves are quite lethal, or have utility like teleporting or healing).Would you rather chance it on the cards and get up close and personal, or damage weakened foes from range, either way the wolf clan can satisy the umame flavours of combat.The rabbit clan are cowards. Heavily armored and adventurous, they luck out and win sometimes, but usually thep layers can spite them to death as they gain bonuses from going into pits and emerging with armfuls of unique treasures (which the other clans have a slightly lower chance to gain in this particular hex), or gianing bonuses to armor."
76561198043865255,Recommended,290340,20929849,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Artgineer,"A very cool board game that somehow combines Game of Thrones, Endless Legend, and Ironclaw in a manner so seamless that I'm not sure where one ends and another begins. Although the game turns out to be a little more about luck than others, there's plenty of room for a skilled player to turn the tables on everyone at the last minute. If you like strategy games then maybe give this a shot."
,Recommended,290340,20933022,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,castellan,"Armello is a fantastically thought out and very well presented game, with a heavy boardgame influence. There is a lot of depth and plenty of options for play style, which give a nice level of replayability. A progression/unlock system provides gradual access to more complexity, though it may slow things downa  bit too much for veteran boardgamers.Basically, if you like boardgames and the type of strategy and gameplay they proviede, you should have a blast with Armello."
,Recommended,290340,20936197,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,AwkwardAltschmerz,Armello's a fun game to play when you want to pass time
,Recommended,290340,20940181,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Boneline,"THis game is fantastic, Think a mix of Mario party, civ 5 and dnd.Add all of them together with some card game basics and you have a truely epic game of armello."
76561198057638327,Recommended,290340,20943181,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,kkingbob,Fun game! :)
76561198070396471,Recommended,290340,20943474,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,bobdamoose,Great
76561198056341503,Recommended,290340,20944142,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,KnightOfMadness92,It's like Furry♥♥♥♥♥♥Convention without the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥..which makes it worth it to buy
,Recommended,290340,20917145,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Rexgar,"This is an amazingly fun fantasy board game that you can play solo vs bots, people, or group up and play with friends. Randomly generated world ensures that no two times you play will be the same. This game is phenomenal and well worth the money.BUY IT."
76561197985814862,Recommended,290340,27372097,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Balgrim,Excellent multiplayer board game with a nice art and soundtrack. Don't forget to grab the DLCs and support the devs on this gem.
,Recommended,290340,25766733,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,The Real Qwade,"It's a fun little jaunt and experiment into how a virtual board game would work. It has some clever mechanics and is overall quite fun. Be warned, though, that playing with other people (as opposed to just playing the AI) will make the game substantially longer. If you can get together and play with some friends online, you'll probably all have a lot of fun. If you're just playing with randoms, you'll probably have a bad time as you wait what feels like an eternity for your turn to come back around."
,Recommended,290340,24031016,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,IggyPrankster,"Not much to say, an really ♥♥♥♥ing awesesome game!"
,Recommended,290340,28006516,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Weaselly,"I'm not kidding when I say this game made me a furry, or rather, encouraged me to be public about it."
,Recommended,290340,29494687,Posted: 25 January,all,Elemental Neko,Super addicting ^_^
76561198061750500,Recommended,290340,29700761,Posted: 4 February,all,mansawarmy,"very fun game, that being said a great improvement would be 15 new cards for every card type. It'd be fun and you could even sell them to make more money. also more heroes would be nice. Like one more set? maybe it is time to build more toward a second game even? all in all i really enjoy this game though and hope to see it develop a bit further."
,Recommended,290340,27107831,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bunny,Review
,Recommended,290340,26967197,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Die In Obscurity,"As a big fan of board games, I have never really enjoyed any video game version of a board game. Too many board games that make their transition to PC seem to stay too faithful to their source material, and don't realy take full advantage of what they can do with the medium.Armello is able to avoid this issue by being built from the ground up as a video game in the style of a tabletop board game. It utilizes mechanics like stealth which would be unfeasible as an actual board game, and wraps everything in beautiful visuals that really bring the game to life. Yet as a video game, Armello hits all the right notes as a board game."
,Recommended,290340,28501153,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Worse,"I don't play a lot of board games, card games, or tabletop dice games, so considering that Armello is a mix of all three, that should frighten me. However, I do love the premise of fantistical, swashbuckling, swords-and-magic adventure, and when you add animal characters to the pot it happily brings me back to the days I read Brian Jacques' Redwall novels.A complete Armello game normally takes about 60-75 minutes, and there are four main ways to win: doing the most ""good"" before the turns are up is the easiest, while the other three can be much more challenging to accomplish. Over time it may be discouraging to see time-out endings happen the most, but I think a player needs plenty of experience, a plan from the get-go, and modest luck to reliably go for the quicker, decisive wins. I'm not there yet...The artwork is lovely and so are the landscapes. All of the design resonates charm and liveliness and presents a convincing world with a broad range of characters - but only on the surface. It was a little disappointing to see a lot of this detail come only through the art. There aren't deep backstories of the playable heroes, or lore that permeates throughout the world. Events don't really happen on a timeline or connect to each other very deeply. It's like there's either ""good people or bad people"", ""named character approaches you, you do one of two choices on a quest and that's the last you'll hear of him until you replay"". The players write most of the action while fighting, betraying and sabotaging each other, but that story always resets when the game ends and another starts. Basically, don't look for a compelling narrative to be there in stone.But this takes nothing away from the core mechanics, which are pretty balanced. Each hero specializes at doing something with the three card types, whether it's suiting up in the best equipment, weapons and armor, casting spells and boosting themselves (or crippling others) for a while, or setting up traps and causing havoc to tip the scales in a different direction. Managing gold and magic to do all these things is a tricky task. Anything drastic needs the right cards in your hand and every decision to spend or save them is nerve-wracking and exciting. They're good defense most of the time, but for me they're the reason I keep getting wiped off the face of the earth by lightning when I walk out of tree cover.I think the biggest issue I have with this game is how easy it is to attack and how hard it is to defend. In most circumstances there's 3 sides of the die that grant strikes but only 1 side that provides a shield, nullifying a single attack; kind of unhelpful if strikes just outnumber everything anyway. So there's a lot of times where two battlers will just pointlessly tear each other to shreds, die, and get sent back to their homes in frustration. The game's tips do point out that combat is costly, which I guess kind of contradicts the thought that things should be settled on the battlefield. However, this ends up justifying the use of cards to do some of the fighting and keep the dice on hold.Overall, I think I'll get my money's worth out of Armello. It's not an exaggeration that this game sways in the balance of luck all the way up to the final turn and keeps things interesting and unpredictable. Armello is a worthy starting point in a genre I'm no longer unfamiliar with."
76561198060649288,Recommended,290340,27566935,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jussy1224,The best virtual table-top experience out there
76561198056551705,Recommended,290340,27544452,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pro Feline Cancer,Amazing game! DLCs are priced too high based on the content they include (Seasons skins pack).
76561198089456722,Recommended,290340,26759115,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Trash man,"This game was a bit hard to learn at first but after 1 game you seem to understand the basicsPlaying with friends makes this very enjoyable and also goign online vsing people ( raging or not) is funThough it can be hard sometimes to win without prestige win, its do-able.Versed a developer and won 10/10Graphics - 10/10Gameplay - 9.5/10Learning - 8.5/10Enjoyablility - 9/10DLC -Pricing 7.5/10I give this game a 9/10 review. Can't wait to see what is added next or another game like this"
,Recommended,290340,28084752,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Dread Pirate Tuco,I love the flavor and the themes present in this game - the impending doom of a power vacuum and the trickery you can pull off with temporary alliances. It's all very lovely until you get into the center of the game: The dice.RNG is an important part of games because it keeps things interesting. It helps people in the back pull forwards and the leaders fall into more manageable positions.But it often times feels like you as a player are fighting RNG and not the players. It's less your strategy versus theirs and more like your fighting a coin flip.Nonetheless I recommend this game for how fun it is with friends and family. But as a warning: Do not expect to play this game like a multiplayer with progression. It's a board game where dice and random numbers decide what happens not you; so play it as such.
76561198033992934,Recommended,290340,29720017,Posted: 5 February,all,WickedRaisin,If you are a fan of analog board games then this should be a fun game for you.  The mechanics are interesting and create a lot of variety through out each play through.
,Recommended,290340,27190720,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,𝓪𝓵𝓮𝔁𝓪𝓷𝓭𝓮𝓻 𝔀𝓪𝓷𝓰,"Its like Game of Throne's, but instead of humans there are animals"
,Recommended,290340,25954560,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Telarius,"Having recently found an interest in digital board and card games, I thought I would give Armello a try given the high ratings, and was not disappointed.  Though I am personally not a big fan of the whole ""whimsical animals"" theme, the game itself looks very nice and gameplay is quite engaging.  Though I'd recommend picking it up on sale if possible, it really is a unique blend of different game types (part rpg, part strategy, part card game).Offhand, it reminds me of a combination of Chaos Reborn and The Witcher Adventure Game, though there is much more to it.  If you enjoy such hybrid games, I highly recommend this title!  It is not overly difficult to learn, though it clearly takes some time to master.  Unlike some card-based game, one is not put in a situation where they find themselves having to purchase cards in-game, a very strong selling point for me."
,Recommended,290340,29238271,Posted: 13 January,all,Vladkins,9/10 - fun board-game with animal characters that is hand-crafted for PC+ Multiple winning styles+ Excellent humor+ Beautiful artwork+ Solid mechanics+ Addictive gameplay- Still a bit slow even with the AI speed to fast- Gets repetitive/unlocks insufficient for true end-game- Game could have setup different scenarios for variety
76561198105543699,Recommended,290340,26759056,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Solidus62,"I first got this game expecting it to be a weird, annoying, and complicated game but of course I was proven wrong. I love the game for its gameplay, creativity, and art style and I love how it allows us to build our own little story out of these characters. Me and my friends are hooked and I think we recently met a developer online! But there is still room for improvement! Some ideas me and my friends had is that when a game is finished we could save our quest journals so we can read them whenever we want! I also do think that the map tends to get a little cluttered and could use expansion (DLC possibly?). Speaking of DLC I looked at the prices for the new characters and such I do think that it is WAAAY overpriced... TEN WHOLE DOLLARS!?! SERIOUSLY!?! But yeah I hope maybe the devs take these ideas into consideration because I have a feeling this game may start to get a little dull soon... ;-)"
76561198040096369,Recommended,290340,27384760,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,crazycody99,As a fan of board games this was right up my ally to start. a smart sleak turn based objective driven RPG with a few ways to win that doesn't get bogged down because of its own natural end point. Ever since Early access this game has just had more content and more refining done.  It is now a full fledged game with it's own meta practically.
76561198073159357,Recommended,290340,28498788,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Oh_Sinister_One,"Possibly my favourite online board-game of 2016, Armello is easy to pick up, hard to master, generally well-balanced and an absolute blast.Fans of fantasy series such as Redwall will get an especial kick out of the art-style and world-setting but honestly I'd recommend this to all. Go play it, thank me later."
76561197993762425,Recommended,290340,23912186,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,KitsuneStudios,"When you consider that a good strategy tabletop board game can easily cost upwards of $50, a rich game like Armello feels like a steal.Fantastic design and production values, varied strategies, well-balanced characters, and strong environmental storytelling, for what is ultimately a 4 player board game.Some bugs, and I wish this had local couch co-op, but for the price, it's an excellent game."
76561198077655117,Recommended,290340,20985367,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,blues are cool,"""like game of thrones but with animals""I was hesitant when I read this, but then i played it, and I was like ""ok, kotaku (for once) was right about this one"""
,Recommended,290340,29960216,Posted: 16 February,all,MyCatGoesBark,"It's game of thrones meets stabbing your friends in the back. Animal style. This game deserves more love than it gets.I'm really hoping the devs LoG (devs) make an animated series and or book(s) for armello. I would watch/read/love the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of whatever they made on it.It's excellent alone, It's excellent with friends. It IS very much worth the price.  Get it."
,Recommended,290340,28386481,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,ness_yv,"Good fun, gorgeous drawings, fun to play with friends. only downside is if a friend drops off the connection, they get replaced with a npc and can't rejoin the game. Very annoying when you're nearng the end of a game."
,Recommended,290340,31692305,Posted: 11 May,all,Spam,"I adore this game. Really, absolutely love it. Everything about the concept is great, it's visually a delight, simple to pick up, difficult to master, and entertaining to play with friends. That being said...The online play is horribly unstable. It's a complete gamble on whether you'll be able to complete a game or not. For many, that's enough to warant a 'buyer beware' disclaimer, but despite the fact a decent number of games go unfinished I've gotten a lot of hours of enjoyment out of Armello (and developed an intense hatred of rabbits).I'd say it's absolutely worth it if you love board games, party games, or are looking for a creative way to end a friendship a la Mario Party."
,Recommended,290340,18197320,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,DawnBright,"Extremely well crafting digital board game, with enough elements of strategy to make decision making meaningful, whilst possessing enough elements of RNG to keep things unpredicatable.The theme and look of the game is amazing."
76561198041655016,Recommended,290340,18229240,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Fufers,I have to say I'm fairly addicted to this game. I like all the possible win conditions and the ways you can approach the game. Its characters are unique looking and kind of push you to play each game a little differently to capitlize on their strengths and weaknesses. There is a little randomness to the game but the player is still very much in control of the game. The only addition I would like to make is maybe add a proper campaign mode or even add additional game modes or maps with different mechanics.
76561198042141178,Recommended,290340,18153450,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,dashbry: Spell knight of vinheim,"OMG this game is so freaking beautiful, It also just happens to be fun. I highely recomend playing this with friends. its D&D, MTG, Fire emblem and multiplayer game rolled into one."
76561198007183903,Recommended,290340,18197003,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,TheBastMaster,"Do you like fairy tails? And Game of Thrones? And Boardgames? Great.Are you someone that just tries to♥♥♥♥♥♥off everyone when you are losing? Yes? Even better.Armello is then the right game for you. And not just for you, but for everyone that enjoys an excellent strategy-board game in which you can really feel the sweat & heart the developers put in.It has very good visuals (especially the cards) with a beautiful artstyle & enchanting music.There are enough reviews that go into detail, so I just wanted to share my opinion about the game and what I experienced so far (which is not a lot with my low play time), I enjoyed to the last bit.I can say for sure, that it is my underdog of the year."
76561198044514380,Recommended,290340,18277247,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Kraven,"This is a fun game to play.  It requires you to think ahead, and plan some of your moves, but requires you to be flexible at the same time.  I highly recommend it."
76561198072691228,Recommended,290340,18225379,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Storm997,"Very fun, although singleplayer can get a little dull.  Definitly best with four players, but even two should bring you a good time."
76561198124769626,Recommended,290340,18196548,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Kristofferson,"BASICALLY ITS REDWALL IN VIRTUAL TABLETOP RPG FORM. Both the 8 year old and the 18 year old in me are giddy with joy!So to start I'll sum up what is generally not well liked by pretty much everyone and get that out of the way. Firstly, nearly everything in this game is in some way randomly generated. I could explain the systems and what I think were the design choices that led to the extreme amount of RNG in this game but it really isn't worth the time. Suffice to say that the one consistent element in the game is the number of tile you can move on a given turn.There have also been what I see as contradictory complaints about the game being too long to be fun and too short to be playable. I fundamentally disagree with both of these assessments on the grounds that A) I have only had difficulty achieving one play style after less that a days worth of play and B) a game will last you less than an hour to complete when something like irl Dungeons and Dragons will take like three just to get from town to town and a grand strategy game like any of the Civ games can take multiple days to finish on lengthier settings. And to be clear, I mean the game will take less that an hour because the game has what is effectively countdown clock built into the game with the way that the king (the victory condition in this game) works. Basically, the game ends when he dies and he is already on the way out the door by the time the game starts.Secondly, There is, at this time, not exactly a wealth of content available. THIS DOES NOT MEAN THAT YOU WILL PLAY THE GAME ONCE AND BE DONE WITH IT. What it means is that there is effectively one game mood and one map. What keeps the game fresh, in my opinion, is the very randomness that some people seem to distain. From what I have seen on the forums accessed from within the game, they are still actively working on bring more playable characters into the game and genuinely seem interested in improving the game with time. As for maps and game modes, I haven't seen any developments of note. In my personal opinion, the game is well worth its price as is but that is a very personal evaluation I leave up to you.If these are concerns for you, you may wish to avoid this game, at least for the time being.Otherwise, EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS GAME IS AN ABSOLUTE JOY.The art is lovely in a way that I won't even attempt to describe. It manages to be both whimsical (prob mispelled) and sufficiently, well not exactly bleak but fitting for the sort of dark fantasy game that they were going for.The RPG elements, which I admit are a tad simplistic, are very rewarding if you take the time to read the in game text, consider you actions through the lens of you character, and put in the smallest effort to care about what your doing. In short, use your imagination for 5 seconds. Its good for you. There is some RPG style progression and a wealth of collectables of extremely high quality (such as animated cards that you unlock for viewing after being played) and trinkets to change the way each kingdoms champions play after you have used them multiple times.I personally love the gameplay. Note that I say this as someone that plays Dungeons and Dragons semi-regularly and has absolutely no problem waiting for 15 minutes while Sir Mixalot (actual name of friend's character) makes a decision as to what song he is going to play and then roles like thirty dice just to see if it all amounts to anything meaningful. Yes, it is undoubtably slow as a result of there being no way to skip the AI's turns and it is most certainly very random. However, it is not the total cluster that some of the negative reviews might lead you to think. Each character has certains stats at which he or she is better equiped to use. If you pay attention, you might even pick up on the fact that each of the 4 kingdoms is designed to be better at a certain type of victory condition, of which there are 4. And when I say might have noticed, I mean play throught he tutorial up until the point where the game literally tells you which victory each of the AI players are going for and which you should aim for. If that wasn't a big enough clue, maybe just put on your thinking cap an realize that trying to win a game by killing a lion as a rabbit is probably not the best course of action. It's a lot like rock, paper, scissors except this time with ""fatal"" consequences.Also, not that this is the biggest thing to note, but the music is very pleasent. I'm not talking like Bastion levels of amazing or even Skyrim levels of IS THIS EPIC ENOUGH FOR YOU. It's more subtle and relaxed in a sort of ""what if Game of Thrones didn't make you have an minor heart attack everytime you watch"" sort of way (note that I do realize that a great deal of GoT is just people talking at each other and not all that eventful).ONE LAST WORD OF CAUTION: I do think that a large part of my personal enjoyment of this particular game comes from the theme and setting. When I was a younger, I read a great deal of the ""Redwall"" series by Brian Jacques that I mentioned at the beginning of this review. It is in no way an understatement to say that these book made me love to read. I can really explain what it was about them as a whole that I responded to but I know that, by shear virtue of the easy parallels between the books and this game, that Armello stirred within me many of the emotions and affections that struck me as a child while reading the collective works of Mr. Jacques. If you, like me have any fondness for those book I highly recommend giving this game at least a cursory glance before passing it up. If you don't then go read any book from the Redwall series right now, or at the very least keep them in mind if your looking for something to gift to an 8 to 12 year old. I say all of this as an admission of bias. Please do take it into consideration.So to sum this whole thing up, if the idea of midieval furry simulator 2015 sounds the least bit interesting to you, give this a chance.Forgive any spelling or grammar error you might find in this thing. I wrote it at 1 in the morning."
76561197985975828,Recommended,290340,18338763,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,bobski,Stealing victory from the grasp of your enemies has never been more satisfying.
,Recommended,290340,18350025,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,๖ۣۜKawaii NeeTz,"Love this game to death with a nice community and a lovely game. There are some quirks to it but that's quickly overshadowed by all the fun you have playing the game. For starters:This is a turned based game that has a lot of cool mechanics which are and are not limited to:Mana usage - Cast spells on opponents during your turn and on someone elses turn (can't target players that is taking their turn)Money usage - Funds the perils and trickery cards which turn the battle for Armello in your favorPerils which are trapsDifferent character types and abilities for each of the clans united by the KingA generator map that is different everytime you play it.This game is really fun but the core of the game is how you're suppose to win. There are 4 ways of winning the game.1. Win by Prestige. Most common winning method by my experience. You pretty much do good deeds and kill enemy heroes and banes. You can also complete the quests.2. Win by King Kill. Go into the Palace and kill the king to win the game!3. Win by Spirit Stone. After stepping into the Palace, you can win instantly by exiling the king.4. Win by Rot. Compete against the King to whoever is the most corrupted. You gain additonal die for having a higher rot score.There are different ways of playing the game, but why don't you buy it and try it yourself? It's 20 bucks and well worth the amount of money being put into the game."
76561198007329044,Recommended,290340,24984293,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Robmachine,"Great game, great fun get it!"
,Recommended,290340,18197921,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Kazi_Momo,"This game is an absolute blast with 4 friends, I recommend you getting the 4 pack and sending it to your best friends. (Wanring might ruin your friendship)"
76561198080557981,Recommended,290340,18272040,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,ポッポタト,"Here's my two cents on this game:- Really beautiful graphics, great gameplay.- 8 characters to play from, all with unique abilities and differing stats but even the weakest can be the strongest.- Win in 4 different ways or be like me: Kill king's guards cause they're standing on my quest (._.)- Sabotage your opponents and laugh like a maniacal mastermind. (Even better when they're so close to winning)- Then get sabotaged in return (Sucks when you're so close to winning)- Dice rolls, mhmmm, don't even let me start on that. Unique but still partially dependent on your luck xD (RNG !@!%@!)Additional stuff:- I do get this weird rough-ish sort of sound in game and sometimes it gets a little annoying (not that it affects the entire gameplay anyway).- Game might be still a little buggish (or maybe it's just my PC's issue x.x) but developers are quick to respond xD.TLDR;Great game, should try getting it if it's on discount if you feel the price is a bit eheh. Not that type of game which you can play for 5 hours straight, a game or two a day with friends makes it all the better xD. If you're not the board game type of person, might not be entirely worth it to get it at full price but it's a great way to spend time with friends, so do give it a try :D9/10-ish. Hopefully the developers add a little more content (maybe expand the map and add more winning conditions or allow more players?), but it's still a job well done xD."
,Recommended,290340,18285852,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,bdell (OG: Original Godfather),"Finished up the tutorial in about 40 minutes, the rules can seem a bit overwhelming at first but once you get the hang of it this game is a bunch of fun!  I will revise this review after I put in a few more hours but as of right now (a little over a couple of hours in) I will say that this game is definitely worth the buy."
76561198117283475,Recommended,290340,24835247,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Meltopia,"I would like to start by saying that I really enjoy playing this game. If you are a fan of strategy board games this is definitely the game for you. There is a ton of variation so no two games are alike. If there was one thing I wish I could change is that there should be the ability to choose the amount of days the game lasts. Specifically, to have the option of lenthening the amount of days in a game. Right now there is a set limit which can be frustrating when you are invested in a game and than it just ends after the 9th day."
,Recommended,290340,27910754,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ＲＥＯＮＡＲＤ,"""Dovie'andi se tovya sagain.""It's time to toss the dice.Being a lover of fantasy, roleplaying, anthropomorphismNo, I am not a Furry, trickery, and dumb luck, I decided to buy this game. I have not regretted it. I was a little lost starting off, but after a few matches I started to pick up all the intricacies of the game better, and now I only improve the more I play.In this game, you select a Hero or Heroine of one of the Five Clans: Wolf, Bear, Rabbit, Rat, and Bandit. Your quest? Save the kingdom of Armello from the careless rule of a once-good King overcome by the Rot, an all-consuming corruption that has tragically driven him into spiraling madness. You must become the new King or Queen of Armello bywhatever means necessary,be it alliance, betrayal, fame, daring acts of heroism, or, if you so choose, by becoming even more powerful in the Rot than the Mad King himself.Like I said, this game relies heavily on RNG, which is (as far as I know) essentially a technical term among RPGers for blind, dumb luck. Most of your strategy comes from leveling up certain stats, thereby increasing your ""luckiness"", and by playing cards to other players and to different tiles. You can win three different ways. The first is a Prestige Victory, where the Hero or Heroine with the most ""Prestige"" becomes the new ruler of Armello after the King perishes (he is slowly dying) by right of succession. The other two methods are much more direct: Kingslayer and Spirit Stone Victories. Kingslayer is exactly what it sounds like: you confront the Mad King and defeat him in combat. A Spirit Stone Victory is the trickiest, but I believe it is the most satisfying. You collect four of these objects called ""Spirit Stones"", holy objects of great power, that crystallize randomly at Stone Circle tiles across the board. You then confront the King and use their power to banish him. There is also a Rot Victory, though I consider it to be one and the same with a Kingslayer Victory, but of course with the added detail of your Rot exceeing that of the King.Getting into the Palace is usually the hardest part. Everyone has their eyes on it, so everyone wants to keep you from reaching it.I have yet to try Multiplayer in Armello, but from what I've heard, it is much more fun with friends than with strangers.So, if you like politcal intrigue, fantasy, animals, and tabletop RPGs, get this game. You may want to wait until a sale to purchase it, though. That's what I did.As for the DLCs, I have not yet purchased them, but I do plan on doing so. The added characters look fun to play as, and the aesthetic pack looks good, as well. But once again, you should probably wait for a sale.I give this game a 10/10.EDIT:I just bought Usurpers, and the characters seem pretty balanced. I recommend getting it, but, again, wait until a sale. Now I just have to hold my breath for the Bandit Clan DLC...EDIT 2:Multiplayer and the community are great! I've played with both cutthroat and nice gamers, and the matches can get very intense and competitve.A forewarning: some players have a highly developed sense of vengeance. Messing with them once may make you their nemesis for the remainder of the match.EDIT 3:Okay, I admit the games can run a little slow in multiplayer, but I still enjoy them. Just make sure you have an hour or two cleared--no one ever said tabletop gaming was quick.EDIT 4:I highly enjoy all four of the Bandit Clan characters, and recommend purchasing the DLC. A wealth of content for just $10.Like my review? Check out myCuratorpage!"
,Recommended,290340,23029339,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Ghost powerplant,"A fine board game video game.Fight your friends to become king. You spend time walking around a board game getting loot and spells and traps to murder/steal/scheme against your friends so you can be the next king when he dies.2hr~ game time.  Lots of RNG but its very manageable if you play smart. If a random element doesn't bother you and you are capable of setting aside large chunks of time for this game, I highly reccomend it."
,Recommended,290340,23062830,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,SpaceYeti,"Interesting table-top styled strategy game. The gameplay is largely dice and card-draw based, meaning there is a lot of RNG. Where the game shines is in how strategy emerges in how you manage the RNG through burning cards, building your character, and understanding what your opponents are doing. As such, while there is still a good deal of RNG, good players are the ones who know how to control and bias the randomness in their favor.There are 4 ways to win the game, but not each approach is on equal footing. The Prestige and Combat victories are by far the easiest, while the Spirit Stone victory trails a little behind. The Corruption victory is very difficult, and in many ways seems redundant to the Combat approach, which is far easier. That being said, the game is in continuing development, and I'm anticipating that as new heroes and cards are added to the game (in free updates and DLCs) that the depth and balance between different strategic approaches will be improved.TL; DR --- Do you like table-top games? Do you like turn-based strategy? Do you like games that have multiple ways to acheive victory? Do you have a brain for understanding RNG and managing it toward your favor? If you answered ""YES"" to all of these, buy this game. You wont regret it."
76561197992137610,Recommended,290340,23023369,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Otterpoet,"A turn-based strategy board game, Armello is a fascinating and delightful experience time and time again.  With a rich underlying narrative,  the game engages the player with amazing images and game-play.  The continually shifting prestige makes for a tense struggle, keeping the player on their toes at all times.  The various characters allow for interesting approaches to the victory conditions, as well as requires the player to think and plan.While the initial start can be slow, particualrly in multiplayer, the game remains a exciting and new each time it is played.Well worth a try."
76561197994049945,Recommended,290340,23030703,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Creamy Goodness,"Good game, Tons of bugs tho, Ive played this game non stop since i got it, kinda hard to put down, if u havent already been convinced by the table top and dice rolling then theres no hope for you, however the game does have some frusturating bugs and server issues.expect the common server bugs where getting into games will take 10 mins plus, while the chat box gilitches out spamming u with  ""Entered the room""there are also some ai bugs, where in the middle of a game, a bane (Monster NPC) will not take a turn for example and that game is sadly ended there, agian this could just be the crummy servers,Ive also had bugs where i couldnt cast spells properly, where the spell and the tile would light up within range, and it just plain would not cast, however i was able to cast in on exactly the same tile right next to it, leading me to suspect this isnt a server issue.Silly bugs too, like your screen will go pitch black, and thats the end of that game, although this doesnt happen often. its caused by making the game windowed to fullscreen or vis versa.Bugs aside i still reccomend the game to everyone i know"
,Recommended,290340,23076383,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,phyrosite,"I highly enjoy this game, for fans of quick (relatively) strategy games with multiple win conditions I reccomend. Quite fun, but kinda RNG, Your luck gets better if you have higher stats though. Beware the rot!- Update 1.3 added ""collectable"" dice skins, 100% able to get in game, keys and chests can both drop after matches so no need to pay on the market. Thanks League of Geeks :D"
,Recommended,290340,28090894,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Corgi4zn,Kung Fu Panda Game of Thrones
,Recommended,290340,34561844,Posted: 28 August,all,Miju 水,"I picked this game up while it was on sale, I had initially played for free.In it's current state I can't recommend it for it's $20 asking price. I will throw that out there now, if some of it's issues get fixed I'd be willing to edit this review.I love this game, if you are a fan of games like 100% Orange Juice it feels fairly similar however feels more skill focused over RNG. Do not be mistaken, this game is HEAVILLY based on random number generation.Pros:- Well animated- Runs well on a low spec computer, while retaining quality- Fun, especially with friends- Big cast of characters all feel pretty unique- Lots of cards/questsNeutral:- There's a precomposed message system. Based on who you're playing you have a variety of different messages to communicate the same point. This of course is to limit the ammount of salt and toxicity to your game, which I believe in any RNG game there is bound to be. People will get mad. However, I think this is a GOOD choice.- Microtransactions/skins/loot the sheer fact that this would even be in a game will make people mad, however I've seen people call this game Pay2Win and that just isn't true in the slightest. Anything you can buy is on the marketplace, and none of it (aside from DLC characters which really aren't any more or less broken than the vanilla characters.) Plus you get drops after every game with a chance of a key or a chest. Do not buy ANYTHING from skeeve's store, buy on the marketplace the chests are seriously like 8 cents and the keys are 18. If nothing else, just keep selling your chests and buy the die you want from the marketplace.Cons:- 4 win conditions, but 3 are basically the same thing. (Kill the king, fight the king with 4 spirit stones, kill the king with higher rot.)- RNG (Often more of a negative than a positive in my experience.)- One map (I think the locations etc change but the map is still the same.)- Quests (There is no way to be able to predict where the next quest will be, but 90% of the time is the furthest it could possibly be from you.)- The AI seems RNG as well (When a player drops out AI takes over and does some of the dumbest♥♥♥♥♥♥imaginable. Often times suiciding to the king while killing him to give highest prestiege the winner cause why not.)and last but not least the biggest issue with the game.- Disconnect Issue/Intentional Infinite Turn GriefingI don't know what the problem is with this but in the last 6 games it's happened twice. Either a player disconnected and the game doesn't process it or they sit in their turn infinitely frozen at the drawing cards screen. This can be used to grief players into waiting and disconnecting without ANY means to skip their turn. Whether a bug or intentional it only stops when the player whos turn it is disconnects often resulting in games taking WAY too long and often making everyone else leave as well. Players leaving is already an issue with this game, and this on top of it makes it all the worse.I want to leave it recommended if it is on sale because I have had a BLAST playing with my friends. However, in the current I couldn't justify a $20 purchase. There is simply not enough content to warrant it. I almost don't want to recommend it for anything more than free as long as that disconnection grief exists, I hope they do something about this soon because I really want more people to play and enjoy this game."
,Recommended,290340,34484313,Posted: 25 August,all,[tn]Stabfist Frankenkill,"Very fun board game for up to 4 players (if you have less than 4, the empty slots will be filled with bots). Kind of reminds me of Runebound, but a bit more streamlined and pvp-oriented. It says there are 4 ways to win, but 2 are pretty much the same ('kill the king' or 'kill the king while having more corruption than he').Something noteworthy is that if the person hosting the game has the DLC, everyone in the game has access to it, which is nice."
,Recommended,290340,23045209,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Jonas™,"A fun digital board game experience.  The characters are memorable and the art style is endearing.  The mechanics are fun and not too hard to learn, but difficult to master, with lots of variety in play-style depending on which heroes you enjoy.  Most importantly the devs are active and have been adding new cards, characters, and items at a reasonable pace since release.  I have seen a lot of people complain about having trouble finding multiplayer matches, but I haven't had any issues finding people to play with during afternoon through peak hours US, especially with the new Dice Hunt rewards."
76561198071150068,Recommended,290340,23074467,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,TJ Vinny,"I'm not a big board game player and I can say that this is my first strategy board game as well.And I absolutely love it!-Beautiful art style and the animated cards done by other artists are outstanding!-Beautiful music!-Nice way to burn freetime.-Pretty good AIOverall a great experience. Something to keep me entertained for a long while.Sometimes you need to pray to RNG-sus, but that's all the dice work and quest challanges.I'd recommend giving this ago whether you're an experienced board gamer or not. I was running out of stuff to play, that Dark Souls and Elderscrolls get old sometimes. I'm very happy with this game"
,Recommended,290340,23175832,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,wickdlowki,"# 53      ArmelloA board game set in a fantastical world  where animals are the dominant species, and a sickness called the rot ravages your King.  Adding cards, perils and board stylings of Catan, this board style game is actually a pretty slick joy.  Its a bit faster paced than Talisman, and way more polished.  One game ran me about an hour to play on single player, which is pretty fair for this type pf game.  The visuals are beautiful, smooth and well drawn, easy on the eyes.  And the sounds and music are very easy on the ears.At first glance the mechanics seem daunting, with a steep learning curve.  Not that way at all.  The tutorial is set up into 4 chapters, highlighting 4 of the 8 or so clans.  Each one adding a few new mechanics, until finally you learn about how to win the game.  Like i said, smooth.  Developers seem pretty active, having a twitch stream after each new update, highlighting the new features.I was a little peeved at the price, but after sitting down with it for a few hours, 20 bucks is actually pretty fair.8/10 might buy a copy for the spouse"
,Recommended,290340,23051051,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,BigAl,Very fun and worth playing if you like board games with dice and chance.
,Recommended,290340,23077499,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Randy Marsh [OpenSUSE TW],"Okay, I wrote a full-length review only to see it fail to post and I copied something else which removed my entry from clipboard to fml...Anyway, this game is not quite what I was expecting. It's also made from an Aussie studio which is awesome!This game is great. The art is nice, graphics are pretty. The audio (sound and music) are superb. The gameplay is fun, deep yet intuitive with different tactics/strats. It has high replayability and great for online play. You can also customise the rules online/offline to play however you like.Now the negatives. The game lacks some content, it's not an expensive game, it's actually quite cheap but for $20USD I'd like more than 1 level or at least some content for us solo players like a short campaign with a basic storyline. More characters and amulets/rings would be nice too, or at least more of the former. I'd also like a better matchmaking system with more detail and selections like choosing a public lobby. The prestige victory is also like the only worthy strat in most cases, this isn't a big deal as maybe it's supposed to be that way but the Rot victory is so hard to get, I got it on my 2nd day, but with AI, on PS4 only 0.8% of all players achieve a Rot victory and about 5.5% on Steam. The game does rely on skill and thoughtful strategies to win, however it's quite RNG dependent too, moreso than Hearthstone...but that's a bad example...I'd say slightly more than Chaos Reborn or at least on par.It sounds like there's more negatives, and there probably are more negatives, but they're quite small specific aspects. Don't worry, it wasn't a tough decision between a Yes/No for my recommendation. It was an easy ""Yes."" Don't buy it though if you don't like a little RNG, or boardgame/dice/card-type games with heavy multiplayer aspect and only 1 map. I'll now explain how the game works and go into some more detail (unfortunately my last unsaved review was way more in-depth and of clarity but this will make do). Also, I'd just like to quickly add that if this review made you or helped your purchase the game (or avoid it) give it a thumbs up or add me for some multiplayer goodness. I can also teach you the game! :) I'm really friendly and looking for friends. I'm an Aussie and have Skype and can download other software, I prefer using Discord though. Or we don't have to talk at all.It's a board game, where the object of the game is to succeed the king who is dieing from his infection by either slaying him, banishing with 4 spirit stones you collected or having the most prestige when he passes.The most common method of winning and the default (when time runs out) is a prestige win. The king suffers 1dmg each dawn, which is the same as what happen when you're infected with Rot. Although the infection can benefit or hamper you depending on your strategy, although I love playing for Rot/slay victory it's quite difficult and an all-or-nothing strat that often fails.You pick a character with a unique skill/ability, and a unique ring and amulet which give bonus stats. Then you start of with 3 AP (action points) to move 1 adjacent tile. There are different types of tiles which have different effects upon landing. Anyway, in fights, you roll dice which are determined by how much ""fight"" your character has, and in perils (like challenges to match symbols or traps) you roll your wit count and burn cards to win. Each cycle (dawn/night) you also draw cards up to the amount of Wits you have. You can choose from 3 decks which are equipment, spells/magic and trickery You can earn gold via settlements which is mostly used to play trap or equipment cards. And each night your magic fills up to how much Spirit you have and is used for magic/spell cards.So that's pretty much it for the basic outline of the game, it's a board game involving a lot of RNG (dice) and playing cards. It's also pretty fun, quite polished, and very fun to play with friends but I just wish it had more solo content (I love these types of games like Chaos Reborn, Armello and Hand of Fate which is also an Aussie game btw) or at least a way to join certain public lobbies rather than just search the queue and invite friends."
76561198035591999,Recommended,290340,33754986,Posted: 23 July,all,SirTouchierSlinky6,"Game of Thrones animal edition, win the throne with honour, slay your way to the top or purify the corruption either way you'll be the next King.Fight AI or test your skill against other players, earn new dice to spice up your game and show off your power.A must have for fans of the Game of Thrones series and top-down strategy games."
,Recommended,290340,28097154,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Larc1n,"discovering this game some days ago was stunnishing for me, it's everything i always dreamed at pulled together in a online board game.. It's like it toke everything i love from let's say a HOMM3 atmospherethe game's in-depth strategy and tactics are multiple and complexe, really tense sometime with the 4 win condition balancing each other, but the game is easy to learn/handle rapidelythe rng offer an unique experiance every game, the board is randomly generatedthe art work support is gorgeous, the icons are of a rare beauty, the animated cards, the heros... it's like, yea.. finally someone is doing the board-game i waited since i saw tablets enter the market. and they did it with passion and pleasurethe fact that the game is design for tablet is also a really reaaaally good plus, because even my Toaster-Pc can make it turn, did you realise that even Darkest Dungeon overheat my pc? this game don'tmy last point is (last but not least) i have childhood's friends with i used to play alot of board games back in the day, now it's not so frequent anymore since we are all far from each other, Armello is clearly a blessing for that"
,Recommended,290340,22975883,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,jamesbrah,"I've played through the tutorial and completed my first game against AI.Just want to be fair with what I've played so far. I'm very excited to see what it's like playing with other players online - but from what I've experienced so far, this game is so interesting!Tabletop style with card playing aspects, and a great depth and strategy. I'm new to this 'style' of game, and can't wait to play some more.For the small asking price, I'd definitely recommend. If you've friends to play with - it's an easy choice (though I've yet to engage anyone I know yet, and still loved it).Will adjust this review when I reach maybe 10-15 hours playtime to see if the charm wears off at all."
76561198224901832,Recommended,290340,22951583,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Celio,"Armello is about chances, sometimes you stroll into the dungeon to find riches and friends, more often than not you'll find a darkness that attack you without warningArmello is about taking your chance with the dice, sometimes the wolf slays the bear, sometimes the rabbit trample the wolf, dont forget the rat that lurks in the dark, waiting to strike the first chance he getArmello is a world where fortune favours the bold"
76561198071625836,Recommended,290340,15109162,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,okibouzu,"i like this game.but using too small font, i cant read most of discription. plz give me larger one. Poorly idont understand a game rule...No more glasses on the earth!!!!!"
,Recommended,290340,21249182,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Makoo,"Just like Dota and similar takes the RTS genre and removes the entire military concept and puts bigger emphasis on hero movement, this game removes most major bigger things like armies from the 4X turn based games.This game is kind of like a board game where you collect cards that give you bonuses and then fight using dice on the game board.Goal? Stop the king from ruining and corrupting the world, by either going corrupt yourself or doing many other ways like using doplomacy, violence, or magic."
,Recommended,290340,20405570,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,[P4F] FluX,"I primarily game as a single player, so it made reviewing Armello difficult because a lot of the magic of Armello is found in Multiplayer with the community. Luckily, the community is healthy, supported, and talented. Here's a couple reasons why:1. Developer Dedication - The LoG crew streams 3 times a week, providing answers to questions, insight to new developments, and generally being a stand-up crew. It's well past launch, and the developers continue to be a positive presence in the community.2. Player Community - On both the forums and in the streams, you'll find dedicated players willing to answer questions, consider strategies, and talk about the future of the game. Games online maintain a friendly but competitive atmosphere. Because at its core, Armello is a digital boardgame, with all the pros and cons of one.A number of reviews have brought up the pace, the danger of battles, and the tendency for Prestige victories to be more common. These are all true, but they're part of what make Armello great.For pacing, you wouldn't rush through a board game, you want to take the time to consider your actions. Plus, you can also play a lot of cards while it isn't your turn. This is where the strategy of Armello really shines.The battles, I've found the battles are very dangerous because the rewards are significant. Especially when there is a bounty on the player's head, or you're fighting the Prestige leader, or you're clearing a bane from a settlement. All of these can generate +2 relative prestige, which is an enormous boost. With careful maneuvering, you can easily go from underdog to leader, if you roll well.Finally, yes. I've won a ton more as Prestige Leader than any other. That's what develops the tension. From the very beginning of the game, every player is working toward Prestige victory. That's the long term goal, but sometimes when you are coming up short. That's when you can invoke some of the others such as Spirit or Kingslayer to steal a victory from the Prestige leader. Being flexible and adjusting to changing game conditions is part of the fun of Armello.There are numerous other critiques players have brought up, which I've considered, and I've now come to terms with. A lot of them are part of what makes Armello great and provides the challenge in the game. I don't think this game is for everyone, it isn't an RPG where you grow stronger and unstoppable. Nor it is a strategy game where consistent good decisions will insulate you from doom. Instead, Armello is a dynamic game full of life and capable of catching you by surprise. And that's why I recommend Armello."
76561198048139382,Recommended,290340,18596692,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Sometimes Lucky,Really enjoying this wonderful creation with my friends. Fantastic game.
,Recommended,290340,19244212,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Amehana Arashiryuu,"Ok I think I've finally played enough to write a bit of a review on this game. It is addicting. I love the art. I'm happy in both single player and multiplayer mode. I'm liking the heroes so far and looking forward to when new heroes get added in. I would like to see turns not being as rushed in multiplayer mode, as in during the card draw having more time to actually read what the cards are and having a moment to figure out whether to equip or not. This is especially important if on a laggy connection or having not the greatest eyesight (me in both cases!) It isn't a huge drawback for me, but I noted it being a problem for a friend today in multiplayer.I also really like the different perks that are unlockable through gameplay and certainly look forward to ticking off each achievement in the to-do list. I'd like to see a wider variety of quests, but hey, maybe there are things that just haven't been added in yet that I'm not aware of. It wouldn't be the first game to do that to me.I'm impressed with the computer AI characters too. It is interesting to see the Banes and the Guards moving around the board with the player and how actions effect their actions. I like everyone so far but the rat. I think that one just loves to make things hard for everyone. Although annoying it is interesting. Every game has to have that ""I live to toss wrenches in your plans, nevermind trying to beat you"" character.If you are a gung-ho gamer or if you are a casual gamer, in my opinion this has things for everyone."
,Recommended,290340,31462657,Posted: 30 April,all,Lupo,Beautiful lore and visuals. should have more background on characters~i recomend this game for all those who wish to relax and play a boardgame with people!
76561198082447057,Recommended,290340,31637508,Posted: 8 May,all,MadBull02,"I honestly love this game it's so addictive I love how it looks, but I must say it's a b**** in a half to try to connect to a game and once you do it's a pain to keep it also came up with a new clan I wish they make The Usurpers a clan across the sea wanting the land for them selves lol"
,Recommended,290340,31635493,Posted: 8 May,all,fragface,"A beautiful, diverting and fun game. With all kinds of great elements. From questing in a fantasy world, relaxing turn base, building your character to replayability. IMHO the game offers a great mix in game length, difficulty and fun. Animation and (card) paintings are very nicely done. All this in a fair price makes the whole package great I can recommend undoubtly!"
76561198067749777,Recommended,290340,31428651,Posted: 28 April,all,Altoidmintz,"2legit2quitquick games, fun multiplayer"
76561197961450009,Recommended,290340,20961974,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Owl,This game is exactly what you want if you like boardgames! The feel is wonderful and the gameplay runs smooth.  You can handle some of your card management when it isn't your turn which can be fun (even get a little payback when someone isn't expecting it). The map is randomized each game and it does change your strategy quite a bit and creates a lot of replayability. Hope to see you ingame!
76561198006210892,Recommended,290340,21304571,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Dormage,"The game feels and plays very well. Its a nice mixture of RPG, board game and card game.The only problem is the lack of content (more characters, items, cards) and only one game mode.Overall this is a very good game and I hope to see more from the devs in the future."
,Recommended,290340,21415466,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,BustedDroid,"This game is incredible. The attention to to detail and the amount of re-playablity is impressive in and of itself. There is quite a selection of heros to choose from, as well as amazing cards that are all well made. The game is often updated to add new content in, and this content makes the game better in a variety of ways. The devs are very responsive to any bugs or problems that may arise in the game, and I honestly haven't seen that many anyway. The only issues is that one of the win conditions in the game, is incredably difficult to achieve and that making a custom game will not allow you to progress to unlock new stuff. This game is truly great, and will entertain you for hours and hours on end. Now get out there and claim the throne Armellians!"
76561198010792731,Recommended,290340,21439338,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,wolfsghost,"Its a great game I must say!  Its got a nice feel of a board game, a card game, and role play to it. granted (LUCK) plays a big role in this game but stratagy is vital built on with luck.  you have to think who counters who, use abilities to your advantage, and plan ahead an extra step of everyone especially if you want to make it harder on someone who is ahead of you, you can make a temp allience with the little guy to make it harder on the opponant in the lead.This game has its few flaws since its still undergoing frequent updates and new content.  but all it is a really a great game to play with friends.in my oppinion i would rate this game as a 4/5 starsits fun and i will play it again and again and look farward to more content."
,Recommended,290340,21908885,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,sthrandom,"Nice little game.Not perfect, but quit enjoyable."
76561198036856966,Recommended,290340,22222738,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Glitchy Twitchy,"I cant reccomend this game enough. Its strategic, beautiful, hilarious and at times almost cruel. The cards are all animated and gorgeous and the world has a feeling of life about it. I love this game. Its even better with friends! Especially when you snatch victory from them!"
76561198004464908,Recommended,290340,23116118,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,LordOvelix,"The best digital board game i've ever played. Might be a little bit random at times but if you learn how to play the cards and how to use them to your advantage togehter with what to do and what not to do in a match its perfectly fine to win over the 'randomness'. Cool heroes to choose from and lots of unlucks to work towards. The graphics are also nice, they are cartoonish and nice to look at. The music is also fine, nothing special though. The multiplayer is were this game shines the most. The MP matches can be really nerve wrecking and suspensfull when the game nears the end and. Overall a total recommend from my part. Get it if you like strategy and boardgames."
,Recommended,290340,24095139,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Scout's_Rebellion,"I just bought this game less than 12 hours ago and I already feel compelled to write a review. This game is fantastic. Very few games can have me playing for hours straight. The character designs are very artistically pleasing, almost like Watership Down in my opinion. The opening sequence gave me chills. The music is great, especially for playing at 4am. I have no complaints at all :DPlus, DICE SKINS!10/10"
,Recommended,290340,24119820,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,give the dog a gun,best digital furry board game i've ever played
76561198049014670,Recommended,290340,24162228,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Johnny Faukes,"This game is truly amazing. I'll admit, originally upon seeing the game, I was turned off by what I perceived as childish graphics, but I bit the bullet and gave it a shot and have barely ever been so happy I had. The gameplay is solid, the characters feel balanced, the animations are amazing, the soundtrack is inspiring...this whole game is so well produced, it should serve as an example to other developers!TL;DR: FREAKIN' AMAZING! TRY IT!11/10"
,Recommended,290340,24171139,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Jornas,I really do love this game. I just wish I had people to play it with.
,Recommended,290340,24223959,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,The Link Keeper,"Armello is a great board game expirience and I recommend it, however I have also expirienced multiplayer disconnections seemingly due to the briefest Internet hiccups, with no chance to reconnect. This is incredibly frustrating, sticking to the single player for now."
76561198034417008,Recommended,290340,24494861,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Galactan,A simplistic yet fun game that feels something like a tabletop RPG distilled into a classic boardgame format. Really fun game to just pick up when there's nothing else you feel like doing.
76561197973434589,Recommended,290340,27885696,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,just.iko,"If you've ever played a tabletop game and thought to yourself, ""This needs automation,"" you're familiar with the general mechanical play of Armello.The graphics, animation, and characterization are charming, and multiplayer makes for an entertaining occasional diversion."
,Recommended,290340,21287375,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,DGG. Maco,"I absolutely love boardgames, and this game reminds me of two of my favourite boardgames smallworld and settlers of cetan. Also being a big MTG fan im drawn to the different card types, abilities and art, which i have thoroughly enjoyed so far.It's nice to be able to chill and play this game after work. This game has a very indepth strategic aspect to it that i admire and it allows you to sit back and think your every move.10/10"
,Recommended,290340,21294069,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,RetroFoxz,Great game.Its really fun to play and its fun to learn howeverything works and to unlock all the newitems giving you new advantages. In all ireally recommend this game to thos whoare willing to spend time and learn aboutit and how to work it.
76561197998144820,Recommended,290340,21296544,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Warden of Reason,This is an amazing game simply wonderfull wish it was a real board game ^^.
76561198039627041,Recommended,290340,21301148,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,trevok,Lots of ways to play make it enjoyable even after you've played it many times.
76561198039034725,Recommended,290340,21308164,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Warhammer1274,"Armello is a very good implementation of an electronic board game.The game is colorful, and I feel the champions abilities definitely give each character a distinct play style.  Combine that with the items, and no game really plays quite the same.  However, due to the winning conditions, yes the end game will appear on the surface to be the same, but how you got there, and the actual board situation can differ significantly from game to game.How you build your character and what items you get into play are very important.  Taking items that provide additional dice, will typically give you a better attack, but they leave you vulnerable in defense.  If you take defensive items, you tend to get guaranteed die rolls (shields), but you give up some attack potential to do so.However, you need to keep an eye on what your opponents are doing.  If they are building defensively, and they have higher base health than you, going defensive is not your best option.  If they are going for a high attack, it might be best for you to rely on subterfuge and obstacles to achieve your aims.I highly recommend this game, but having a liking for boardgames definitely enhances the enjoyment."
,Recommended,290340,21357162,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Ling-Ling,"For those of you interested in the game, please disregard the negative review that come after this, as much has happened as of the game's initial release, and the game's recent (1.2 Stranger) update. The game does still have some pros and cons, yes, but it is a wonderful masterpiece, with each individual card bursting with wonderfully animated visuals, a healthy dose of seriousness and silliness, and guruanteed entertainment in every game. Armello is wonderful, and I heartily recommend it. 9.5/10"
76561198007282680,Recommended,290340,21398213,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,dajarvi,Wow.  Please make another board game!
76561197992922466,Recommended,290340,21431220,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Mio-chan,"Game's great, all the art elements, complexity yet simplicity(in controls at least) in gameplay come to a beautiful fruition in this fantasy board game. Total killer experience for multiplayer platform and enchanting prologue for single player. One feature I think it lacks though - Hotseat mode - otherwise this game will advertise itself without any excessive help."
,Recommended,290340,21448004,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Wargenn,"Great board game. Nice graphics, and very entertaining.Love it! :39/10"
,Recommended,290340,21574997,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Noxty,"Love the cards, love the map, love the RNG, the art work, the concept, very tactical, only fun with friends, not so great online gameplay"
,Recommended,290340,21640200,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Diredoge,My only problem is that there is too much RNG.
,Recommended,290340,21698483,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,мочо,"I effin love this game, its so hard and challenging. It's the most engaged I've been with a game in a long time. Highly reccomend if you like a difficult strategy game with an awesome story!"
,Recommended,290340,21722312,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,King Kranium,"I read some reviews before buying this game that were a bit misleading, so mostly I'm writing this to clear up some misconceptions you may have about this game. (I haven't touched multiplayer yet, so I'll be leaving that out)First off, this game is awesome. Fairly simple, easy to get into, and from what I've seen of the dev's website, continually updated. A single game on the default settings usually take 30-45 minutes to complete. You have the choice of eight different characters to play as and two different maps. You also have the option to equip one ring and one accessory that up different stats from the beginning of a game.You never know what's going to happen in a game, and you may even set out to win in one way, but end up on a different path later on. The card system adds a very deep layer to the gameplay, especially since you can play cards during other players' turns. Maps do seem small, but the way the map is used with quests and different terrains makes it feel a whole lot bigger.If you like turn-based games, get this. If you like card games, get this. If you like RPGs, get this. This game has all that and more for the very reasonable price of $20. Just buy it man, it's awesome."
,Recommended,290340,21861995,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,GnrlFancyPants,"Armello is a great strategy board game! Fairly easy to learn with a fun, fantasy environment."
,Recommended,290340,21941296,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Microsoft Word,Lovely art and compelling gameplay.Would like a difficulty setting maybe.. Sometimes it's way too easy to win. Otherwise amazing!
,Recommended,290340,23106981,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,cmcblueblaze,loved it. It has a nice board game feel with fun characters and an interesting battle system. Would recomend for anyone for solo or multiplayer.
76561198246974322,Recommended,290340,23107685,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,ttimon7,"Beautiful art, luck combined with deep tactical gameplay, and the dice are awesome!The only negative aspect I can think of is that victory conditions are not balanced enough. Rot victory was meant for hardcore players only I guess, but who cares, go save Armello! :D"
,Recommended,290340,23110944,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Suelaran,"Beautiful, fun game. cheap enough and if you got friends who can play with you. You have got to get this game.Perfect mix of planning ahead and keeping you entertained along the way"
76561198016527426,Recommended,290340,23117606,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Acruson,"A pretty fun game to play with friends. Very heavy on the RNG. So much so that you cant win by playing well if someone else is just a little luckier than you. It's still good, especially if you're not a sore loser like I am.6/10"
,Recommended,290340,24152688,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Dominick Cruz 2.0,10/10 would get more corrupted than Congress again
76561198110584690,Recommended,290340,24240458,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Kitt Fox,this can be decsribed as having three things games need more of.furry game of thrones boardgame
76561198009040703,Recommended,290340,24243735,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,heartisart,Love it ... need more player
,Recommended,290340,24475546,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Awides,"Delightful, challenging, and gorgeous. Cannot wait for new heroes to try and for the world to grow even further.If you have not played it already, do it!"
76561198095456909,Recommended,290340,24607492,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Bossk Li,"A game that is more than a simulated board game. Armello takes advantage of its digital format and excels. Intuitive and fun immediately this game provides a surprising amount of depth. The theme, artwork and music make this game a complete and enjoyable experice.Best enjoyed with friends due to less than stellar A.I."
,Recommended,290340,26750397,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Jaimes7474,Probably one of the first digital board games that I have enjoyed in years. I highly recommend it. Love the strategy and the graphic art.
,Recommended,290340,26753800,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,kyain,"this game is absolutely wonderful. the artwork is so detailed and beautiful. im not just saying this as a furry either, im sure youll love this games artwork and gameplay even if you arent a furry. the artwork isnt the only amazing factor either, the gameplay is fun and detailed as well. you need to be able to make a strategy to win the game. it tests your mind and you luck. dont believe me? try the game for yourself!"
,Recommended,290340,27785297,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Intriken,Execllent board game
76561198091197472,Recommended,290340,27833407,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jtaylor18,"I played Armello shortly after it came onto steam and found it pretty underwhelming and confusing to jump into. Returning to it nearly a year later I have to say I'm very impressed with all they have done to the game and immensely enjoyed my second go at the game. The game now has a good tutorial that was enough to get me understanding all the concepts in the game, the art style is beautiful, and if you can get a few friends to pick up the game as well its a very good digital replacement for a board game night."
76561198003787583,Recommended,290340,28196493,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,InSpades,"Game of thrones meets board game. Cut throat, backstabbing, betrayal, more double cross, ambushes, lightning bolts out of the blue, incinerate your opponents, and a healthy dose of poison to spruce up your day…  I love this game.  The nail biter finishes are icing on the cake."
,Recommended,290340,28626507,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,koryjohn,Fun game.  I wish it were an actual board game honestly.  The style and art of the game is awesome and the different heroes make for unque matches.  My only comlpaints are that the servers can be wonky.  I don't appreciate dropping forty minutes into a game just for everyone to get booted at the end.  And the new heroes are released very slowly.  Regular DLC for cards and characters would breath life back into the game on a regular basis.  Those cons aside the game is a hoot and visually pleasing.
,Recommended,290340,28652776,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ThePerpetual,"It's really great.-Fantastic tutorial which explains everything smoothly, and is fun!-deep gameplay-Great aesthetic and art-New experience every time, due to procedural generation and random draws-Even better if you have friendsIs it not so great?-in Multiplayer turns can take a while, but in singleplayer you can toggle this off-Okay I'll be honest I'm struggling here..."
76561198016389902,Recommended,290340,28722919,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Spaz,"Its good, except the RNG hates me =("
,Recommended,290340,28766337,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Will,"All I want to say is that Armello is a VERY good game, and provides hours of gameplay and a nice challange. The visuals and artwork are beautiful, especially of the characters themselves!All round Armello is a stunningly brilliant game, and deserves all of the praise it gets! :)Score: 10/10"
,Recommended,290340,28778539,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Meechelle,"Exactly what I wanted and expected! Beautiful art, smooth game play, not hard to pick up but many ways to play. very happy with it."
,Recommended,290340,28804377,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,"oh, mürr","Beautiful art and animations, brilliant music and challenging boardgame-like gameplay."
76561198106349375,Recommended,290340,29143546,Posted: 9 January,all,Nnutthouze,Love the art style and the gameplay is surprisingly addictive.
,Recommended,290340,29177956,Posted: 10 January,all,SlyFrost,"This game is pretty well built for a board game and has a ton of interesting features for gameplay! I love the animations and everything seems pretty streamline. I think there are still a few kinks to work out of course, but overall this is a pretty polisdhed product.Sometimes the game will hiccup, and I noticed multiple sound files would glitch and the right channel would go dead. Other than that, everything ran smooth. This may be due to hardware, but I have a relatively good setup and it should have no issues.The only cons I can say about this game is that it isn't really friendly to new players. The AI can get sort of ruthless, and you can definitely tell the computer has a plan, and will stick to it till you fail. There was a time where I took over a city, and the bear character attacked me three times in a row. It's possible, except for the fact that I destroyed him the first two times, (thanks to the lucky dice rolls, which is another problem I would like to get into) and on the last, the computer had enough and just killed me.As mentioned, this game is mostly chance. The only skill that is required of you is map movement, everything else is chance. Whether it be random♥♥♥♥♥spawning of enemies, or the cursed dice doing their thing. I sort of whish it was something more skill based than chance base. Sure, you can enforce strategies into the game, but they are so built on the chance factor (which often seems to be a 75% lodr 25% win ratio most times) that the strategies often fall apart.TL;DRGreat game, with some minor polishing that needs to be done, and gameplay relies too much on chance."
76561198080512687,Recommended,290340,29192243,Posted: 11 January,all,Raging Rooster,"Despite mostly positive reviews, I have to admit I wasn't too sure about buying the game at first. Most people that reviewed the game negatively, seemed to dislike the apparent long waiting times in matches (and as such long matches) and the general randomness. It put me off a little. I did put the game on my wishlist and I noticed I kept checking it out every day. So what the heck, I took the plunge.After getting a few games under my belt I can safely say: I do not regret buying it.The game looks great and plays exactly like a tabletop game should play. Not entirely sure how to explain it, but it has that feel to it. The amount of time you spend waiting for other players is very manageable; I never felt like I wanted to do something else while waiting. Matches take about an hour or so, give or take, which to me is perfect. And the randomness, well.. it's a dice-game.. It seems silly to complain about it (you don't complain about a RL game of Risk, or similar, I'd imagine) and there are plenty of ways to build your character as well as influence the game and other players by your actions. There's luck, and there's bad luck, but I always felt ""in control"".The lack of a regular chat system seemed odd at first, and at times I do miss it still, but the preset phrases you can hurl at eachother seem to cover most bases, and I can see the point in that it keeps things friendly. No salt or toxic nerdrage to feast your eyes upon. Being thick-skinned, a mute button would have been enough for me, but we have what we have, and it's fine.There's the odd quitter here and there, and it's difficult to determine if they quit intentionally or by accident. I've had one game lock up on me after 3 people subsequently dropped. Not sure what happened there, but it seems to be something that's around for a while already. I really hope it's not a too common occurrence; I don't mind losing a game, but getting a big ""nope! - you just wasted nearly an hour of your time"" simply sucks.All in all, solid 8,5/10 for the game, well done! If you're on the fence for the same reasons as me, don't hesitate to give the game a try."
,Recommended,290340,29194298,Posted: 11 January,all,Leonard,Favorite turn based strategy game
76561197996330386,Recommended,290340,29255769,Posted: 14 January,all,Tempest Rime,"This game is like the opposite of Talisman.  Everything awful about Talisman, Armello does exceptionally."
76561198055866132,Recommended,290340,29651973,Posted: 2 February,all,Fierro,Very nice card/turn based strategy game. the graphics are gorgeous and the gameplay is amazing.
,Recommended,290340,29654004,Posted: 2 February,all,__Shapeshift Queen,"I'm infatuated with this game.It has to be the best turn-based strategy game I've played in a long time. The world is immersive, the heroes are unique, and the possibilities are limitless. I've invested so much time into the game, and needless to say, I am very impressed. I look forward to more distinct experiences in the future with the release of new characters, cards, clans, dice, and features.My only problem is the price of purchased content. To my own disgrace and the pain of my wallet, I purchased all of the new character skins. The price could be reduced on a few of these things.Other than that, I love this game, and I recommend it fully to anyone who is considering it."
76561198097342875,Recommended,290340,29660133,Posted: 2 February,all,OneSuffers,FIve Hours of this game got me hooked!Different ways to play and nice interfaceThe look is very unique to its playstyle. Play with friends and heroes that fun to play as
76561198031251146,Recommended,290340,29734978,Posted: 5 February,all,IraqVet,Yes yes yes!! Such a fun and engrossing game.. with both luck yet deep strategy.Its addicting!
76561198065810836,Recommended,290340,29769192,Posted: 7 February,all,LindsFay,This game is addicting. If you buy it you will be addicted. DO IT.
,Recommended,290340,29770425,Posted: 7 February,all,Ruis Raven,I am enjoying this game quite a bit!
,Recommended,290340,29792435,Posted: 8 February,all,SharkBAIT,The game's pretty fun! It's a mix of Civilization V and the boardgame Settlers of Catan. Addicting gameplay. Each match lasts from 45 mins to 1.5 hrs.
76561198212093933,Recommended,290340,29805222,Posted: 9 February,all,Agent Florida,"Although the gameplay looks rather complex once you actually play it, it becomes easy and super fun! I love how it combines the use of cards with the realistic world. I love how the story is set up and how even if you played the game six million times before it never gets boring because each round is never the same as the last! Even though the map isn't rather large the gameplay last for at least an hour, an hour of fun that is!Anyway if your interested in this sort of game I recommend it to you! so far the best game I bought on steam!"
,Recommended,290340,29815519,Posted: 9 February,all,Falco101,"Awesome game, great blend of table-top RPG and animation"
76561198008116873,Recommended,290340,19429356,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Monster,"Fun game -- The polish is great, it feels well thought out, and it's starting to be balanced. Sometimes feels a little simple.  It doesn't feels like the game goes on long enough for all strategies to be fully realized. Some win conditions are easier than others.  I almost wish each map was twice as big, each champion had twice as many ap, and the game lasted twice as long, etc.Excited to see where it goes..."
,Recommended,290340,21011141,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Delcatty,Armello is a charming strategy game with stunning artwork and a beautiful soundtrack. The game may apper innocent but is quite challenging to win. Expect to play a few matches before you get your first win. Looking forward to future content updates.
,Recommended,290340,21335797,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Forra,"Honestly I would almost recommend Armello for its aesthetic alone.  I haven't encountered a similar only-just-anthropomorphic premise and feel since Redwall.  But that aside the gameplay is lovely, the quality of the art is high, and while I wish there were more story to be had from Somewhere you're nonetheless presented with narrative from a variety of sources.I think the only negative I can bring up is multiplayer stability, which seems to be a bit of a persistent issue especially in the wake of significant updates.  Hopefully this will get resolved down the line, but as of this writing there seems to be a chance that any game might suffer some issue that causes it to simply fail to progress from an action, indefinitely.Still when it works the multiplayer works well, the community around the game seems nice by and large, and the emote system is comprehensive enough to make up for a lack of in-game chat whilst replacing the inevitable vitriol and messy writing that would have brought, with quotes that only lend themselves to further characterising whoever you choose to play as."
76561198106280705,Recommended,290340,21429654,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Pebble,"I was looking for a new game and saw this on the day of its release, bought it as a curiosity.  I never write reviews, ever, but this game deserves it.Armello has done the impossible, digitalized the tabletop strategy board game while mantaining the feel of rolling dice with your friends.  What's more, the digital platform has allowed for beautiful gameplay, and new and creative stretches to the genre.  It looks great, feels authentic, and tantalizingly hints at a deep and rich mythology that the devs are slowly revealing via updates and dlc.Some people have complained about the gameplay mechanics, I haven't found them at all random, I mean,  no more than you would want with a game of its type.  The game is incredibly complex but easy to learn, and the devs are always releasing new tweaks, they really listen to feedback, and their patches and updates help, I particulary like the +1 body to all heroes, not to mention the slew of new content that is coming up.The game is ground breaking. If you ever wanted an easier, more streamlimned way to play Avalon Hill type games without sacrificing the deep strategy, this it it.  Cannot recommend it enough."
,Recommended,290340,21570748,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,TacticalTruth,"Armello: Haphazard RegicideEver wanted to kill a king? No? Oh… Well, ugh, this is significantly more awkward, isn’t’ it? I guess– er, you know, forget I said anything.So…Do you like anthropomorphic animals? Yes? Cool! Well… Remember that murder thing I mentioned…?Armello is a pretty rad indie game that simulates a stellar board game experience. One that mixes elements from Table-Top, Pen and Paper RPGs, and a bit of MtG to make for a very unique experience. Armello is pretty simple to play once you get the hang of the game’s systems. But it’s fairly complex to explain… Despite a bit of a learning curve, this game is definitely worth the initial hump of “What the hell am I doing?”.Before we get into the nitty gritty, the main goal of Armello is to become the new Monarch. The current King has been stricken with an evil disease called ‘The Rot’. And as you would expect, he’s not doing so hot. Every night his condition worsens, and every day he inches closer to death. The Rot also affects his mind, sending him into madness. I feel bad for the guy.Now, how does this relate to the player? Well, every win condition involves usurping him, either by waiting for him to die and taking his place. Or taking the throne through force. Heck, even the condition that involves purifying the King of his Rot kills him. So you need to get comfortable with the idea of regicide. Despite it’s appearance, Armello is a pretty dark and rough game.The death of the King is the impetus, and the final goal, of your actions. Almost everything you do will revolve around this end goal. But the King is more of a passive piece on the board. He looms over the game, and carries out evil machinations, but never poses an immediate threat. What you have to look out for is the three other people all actively scheming, and advancing their own plots. You’ll be put in situations very regularly that involve you prolonging the King’s life in order to ensure you’re the one to end it. The enemy of my enemy and all that.There are a lot of moving pieces in Armello. Four players all working towards a similar goal. With alliances and rivalries beginning and ending on a turn by turn bases. What might appear like help from another player is really just them protecting themselves. I’ll help you this turn to back stab you next turn.Everything might be going exceptionally well on turn three, but by turn four the entire board state has changed and you must re-assess. It pays to think ahead, and have a plan, but it is invaluable to be able to adapt. There were many occasions where I was one turn away from winning, only to have it slip away from me when the AI pulled a total dark horse victory out of thin air.How is this possible? Well, every player has a wide array of abilities that can, when used creatively, be applied to completely ruin another player’s day. There are pieces of equipment that increase your prowess in battle– making it easier to kill the King… or anything else. There are magic spells that give nasty status effects, such as: ending your turn prematurely, move you across the board, or possibly even killing you. And my personal favorite, traps. These can be anything from poison, killing companions, stealing their cards or gold, negating their equipment.. the list goes on. If you think through your actions, and use everything at your disposal, you can send someone in the lead into last place with one turn.The order you do things in, and how long you wait to do it are incredibly important. On your turn you, usually, have three action points that allow you to do the various things at your disposal. Some take more than others… Simply moving three spaces can wreck havoc on another player. Scattered around the game’s map are little villages. If you move your character through them they will pay tribute to you in the form of gold. Without gold you can’t perform certain actions. Having three turns worth of set up be ruined because you’re short one gold is incredibly disheartening.The swings in Armello are fast and hard. I’ve gone from first to last and back more than once over the course of a game. It’s never dull, and never boring. The pressure is almost always on. And the games are fast enough that you can play one over a lunch break.Aside from killing the other players, there are also quests you can embark on that give various rewards. Sometimes the rewards can be game winning. Other times they can be a massive disappointment. But you’ll always walk away with some kind of a bonus, like an increase in your stats and Prestige. If the King dies of his Rot, the player with the highest prestige is the winner by default.Armello really requires you to think, and demands a good bit a strategy. The games go by quick so your plans need to come to fruition sooner, rather than later. I find myself planning for the end game on turn one. “I want to win via killing the king”. And adapting my play towards whatever will actively further that goal.It’s a good mix of long term and short term planning at the exact same moment. If you realize that things aren’t going your way, you need to adjust your strategy or risk losing. By the time you realize “things are bad” it’s almost too late. It’s as much about furthering your own ends, as it is interfering with everyone else’s. Because everyone’s position is so precarious, just a small bit of interference is enough to make someone target you the rest of the game…“If I can kill the bear this turn, I’ll lower their prestige enough that when the king dies two turns from now I can win.”  Or even better “Well… If I can’t win, you’re definitely not winning either.”Armello is a very mentally stimulating experience… And I’ve only played with the AI. So I can’t speak for playing with humans. I have to imagine it’s a hundred times better. But, that’s one of the best parts of Armello. The AI is actually very good! Now, once I got really acquainted with the game I was able to out play the AI fairly easily. But they’re still definitely capable of einschrauben mich über, hardcore.And on top of everything else I’ve mentioned here. The game has some seriously great artwork. It has a great storybook style to it that is simultaneously both lighthearted, and very dark.Watching a cute little rat solemnly hand over money to the king’s guards as they terrorize the townsfolk hits way harder than you’d expect. He’s not happy about it… but it has to be done.Armello is awesome. It’s worth every penny. Seriously, support the Devs. If you like strategy, check it out. If you have friends, and want something to play together that doesn’t require a large time investment– Armello’s your game.Buy it. I highly doubt you’ll regret it.If you liked this review, check out100HourSave.comfor more."
76561198145499077,Recommended,290340,22036099,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Aeotolos Stoneward,1:13 in the morning just bought armello first game 6 prestige as zosha then rivers STUPID FING ARROW PWJEFPUWFHWEGF stupid king SO CLOSE TO A PRESTIGE VICTORY
,Recommended,290340,28645021,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,kmfnj,"A fun table-top experience. The characters, sound and animation are all top notch. It can be a bit tedious when you want to skip watching someone else's battles during solo play, but other than that it's an excellent game."
,Recommended,290340,28677755,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,King Coin,"Fantastic game to play with some friends. It's a cards and dice game so it's a mix of strategy and randomness. With many ways to win, you can compete without directly competing with someone if that makes any sense."
76561198044495046,Recommended,290340,21011518,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Dashkto,"It's a nice, light, little strategy game.  Nothing more.Pros- simple mechanics- relatively short game times (45min)Cons- too much randomness for me - random card draw and dice for basically everything, random monster spawns etc- not too much replayability - I played about 10 games and I think I've gotten all there is"
76561198072323655,Recommended,290340,21126107,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Nuxxy,"The game is fun, if a little bit luck-dependant (but which board games aren't). The artwork and music are top notch. A great framework that I hope will still see a lot of extra development."
,Recommended,290340,21417700,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Good Pupper,"I most definitely recommend this game. I don't have any other friends to play this with, so I'm basically just stuck playing singleplayer. Singleplayer is fun, the enemies are challenging and sometimes unpredictable.Art, 10/10Animations, 10/10Gameplay, 8/10Unlockables, 7/10 (custom games will not allow for progress in the unlockables)Replayability, if any, 9/10 (no two games will probably be the same)Enemy AI, 8/10 (actually smart)Combat, 8/10 (burning cards uses up your dice)Not much else to say other than this game is awesome. The fact that I can just play as the Wolf Clan any game I want instead of being stuck having to be one character and one character specifically. The fact that I can just completely avoid having to fight the king is awesome, seeing as I can win the pristige victory whenever."
,Recommended,290340,20789199,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,amberinoface,Even the prologue was fun to play. Several different win paths and quite a few achievements to unlock. The art style is so cute too! Downside is your opponents can end up better off than you as your starting abilities are locked until you play more as it can autopick the one's you couldn't pick for the opponents.
76561198169475792,Recommended,290340,21221127,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Maximuffin2,"Now im not the one to perfer card-based games. but armello does something diferent with physical dice, burn cards, character traits, and etc. with it's superlative soundtrack, unique concept, multiplayer unpredictableness, and much more. what is not to love about a game, that could've simply used humans,  using fantasy animals battling for control of a rotten kingdom?"
,Recommended,290340,15105333,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,OokamiTSK,Became a kingslayer10/10
76561198072585874,Recommended,290340,19299925,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Fruity Bruno,"i usually dont hook onto strategy games, but this is amazing. characters are really nice and the gameplay is surprisingly solid."
,Recommended,290340,20122593,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,shen.shen9,Stunning and awesome. And very nice support!
76561198301702603,Recommended,290340,26665161,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,citrissia,"Such a fun and cute game!The way the game works with the story of trying to become king/queen of Armello is great! It truly has  a royal theme to it and I enjoy it a lot!The graphics are just stunning, along with the characters who are all just dangerously adorable while you're ...murdering them. Oops.P.S - i usually play as River or Elyssia, so if you ever see ""citrissia"" playing as either of them, ...brace yourself."
,Recommended,290340,20828511,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Squeaky Bear Gamer,"A simple board game with vast potential. I am impressed that you could play the game and choose one way to win and then half way through say, ""No, I want to play this way."" You can play it alone or with friends. LOVE IT! Would recomend this to any board game lover."
,Recommended,290340,26956567,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Risotto Neri,"The King is dead, long live The King"
,Recommended,290340,19106064,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,StrikerUreka,"I am going to go ahead and recommend this game because I really do think it is absolutely beautiful.The only thing I'm a bit bummed on is that the lack of engagement and long times of just sitting turns me off of playing it for too long a length of time.Beautiful graphics, intriguing characters and a rather nice story makes this game appealing but there is a TON of strategy involved and the card based system can be kind of confusing.If I had any feedback to give the developers, it would be to enable new characters and maybe fix the card system a bit."
76561198101573995,Recommended,290340,18736505,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,THEFATBEAR18,"Armello is a beutifull, well thought out game. It's a little like dungeons and dragon's, where the randomness factor comes into play during combat and cave exploration. Anyway, the world itself is gorgeous. at the start of the game you can go through a tutorial (which  highly recommend you do) and it will run you through the main characters, and their passive's and perks, e,g, river, from wolf clan, she carries a bow and arrow with her, if YOU attack anything, she will fire her bow and deal 1 damage before attacking, making her an excellent asassin. The end goal of the game depends on how you play, and play as/with. You can win either by, killing the king, and not duying during the combat, waiting for the king to die and (if you were well renound throughout the kingdom) take his place automatically, or you can bring 4 spirit stones to him, cleansing him of his corrupt ways. Thats just the main point's of the game.As soon as i understood how the game mechanics worked, i  was immedietly captured by it.Now this game is good, and kept me busy for a couple of rounds in a row, but after a while, you have to walk away, now thats not a bad thing, EVERY TIME, its a new quest,journey,story and experience, you can and probably will come back to it over and over again, the fact that you can come so close to winning and to lose it all in  an instant, is just great, for once it feels good to NEARLY win, still getting xp for that clan and for your self, it's just great.anyway,ill leave it here, yes without a doubt, recommend this game, no faults with it, it's in good committed hands ( i think) and i hope more branches of this game. love it."
,Recommended,290340,18726938,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Gad Galot,"Love the artwork, Love the gameplay and the animation during the fight is really cool too!Fun to play with your friends :)"
,Recommended,290340,18769238,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Kagecode,"Incredibly fun game, great to play with friends. Thematically and stylistically rich, fun and just plain enjoyable. Highly recommend."
76561197997925485,Recommended,290340,19860421,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Hlbeta,"Just finished my first game. After 4 turns of open warfare on the palace grounds, counteless spells, betrayals, backstabbings and bounties the King died of natural causes. With his palace defenses completely overrun, courtyards teeming with demons and assassins he died of natural causes.10/10 Would watch old man suffer coronary failure again."
76561198051850583,Recommended,290340,19786475,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Rattus,"I've never felt compelled to write a postitive review about a game before, however Armello exceeded my expectations for a turn-based strategy game. In essence, Armello appears to be a unique blend between Monopoly and the Heroes of Might and Magic Series. However, Armello trumps both through its multiple win conditions that lead to relatively short, 17 to 20 turn games (from my experience).Armello's focus on both random and non-random events to determine the winner of a game reminds me heavily of how Hearthstone can be played. In certain cases with Hearthstone, an individual card draw may win the game. However, there is always the aspect of deck building and card play order which can provide the stronger influence. Armello's strength by contrast, lies in the building of your hero's stats, equipment and buff usage throughout the game. As a result, Armello avoids the pay to win mentality of Hearthstone.An argument I disagree with is that Armello can be criticised over its choice of unlockable perks for playing the game, which can potentially disadvantage newer players in the multiplayer environment. Firstly, a new player in multiplayer is far more at a disadvantage for lack of knowledge about the game mechanics than anything else. If a person plays a game without a strategy as to how they are going to win, they are very unlikely to do so. Secondly, the unlockable perks can be so minor in their impact, that they will not affect gameplay anywhere near as much as strategy or a good random draw.TLDR: Armello is an excellent cross between Monopoly and Heroes of Might and Magic. The games are relatively short. It's not pay to win like Hearthstone. A good strategy is the most likely way you will win a game."
,Recommended,290340,18244795,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Melkster,"This game is super fun. If you have a group of three or four friends and are looking for just a fun, light board game-style experience, buy the four pack. You won't regret it.We ended up wasting a Saturday doing nothing but playing Armello."
,Recommended,290340,25086480,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Täikuu,"Dude, I recommend Armello for so many reasons...-The OST dude, the OST is great! When the last turns are coming or some hero reach the castle, the music gets intense and you feel like agony for be the one to sit in that shiny throne!! The one who defeated the king!!-The art of the cards and the game, oh dude, they have passion and heart put in them... Really beautiful and greatly genius, the animations, the description, everything!...-The strategy is the key to succes, they are so many ways, ignore the people who get bored easyly, they don't know that you can change the rules and make everything more intense or easy...-I got an extreme wish to complete all the cards in the library and to have my dice collection... I love dices and it's the first time SOMETHING makes me buy and get desperate for a digital dice-You can make earthquakes!!Also... not always you can play a boardgame with other people irl...I mean... This boardgame has an online feature!It helps so much when you're lonely...Still... I'm the only one in my friend list who plays this... ;-;"
,Recommended,290340,18210026,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,sizzoulmane,"RNG-EEZUS! I absolutely adore this game! I cannot wait to see what more is to come.Traps! Ambushes! MURDER! A race to become the RULER! A simple way to destroy friendships really...The dice based conflict resolution is similar to that of RISK, except that both parties get attack and defence dice, and either party can gain an edge by sacrificing cards add attack or defence dice. Iz nice.Some things that'd be cool to see in the future:A visual turn counter/orderIn-game character audio - more audio from the characters! The voices in my head aren't enough!Clan-bonuses?More MapsMod-support!Graphical setting customization (fullscreen windowed mode would be stupendous! also...less clouds?)The ability to rotate the mapAn optional or toggle-able mini-map. Maybe even just to be capable to zoom out more?8-player support! MADNESS!!10/10 would buy again. Very likely to buy copies come Christmas."
,Recommended,290340,18867542,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Jerkop,"What I am struck by the most is all of the gorgeous art assets. Highly reminescent of the cartoony style in WoW in the right ways. Gameplay is fun and the card game aspect keeps it surprising with every turn you take, with unexpected victories grabs. The timescale of the game is nice too, with most of them not lasting more than 45 minutes. I am definitely excited to see what the developers will do with it in the future."
76561198016421307,Recommended,290340,18273121,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,mongoose19,"First of all, I'm just gonna spoil my review of this game RIGHT OFF THE BAT.  This game gets an honest 10/10 from me, it is one of the best games of this year; and it will not be forgotten in my grand book at all.Secondly, I want the Official board game to this game right now!  Who cares if it's $40.99, I'll buy it.Thirdly, I think this game is highly under priced; it's worthy of a $30.00 price range on the steam market.Alright, now that I got that all out of the way, it's time to get on with the actual review.  This is an actual board game on the pc, that's all it is but that's also part of the charm.  This game feels like a more gritty darker sequel to the story of RedWall.  If you are a fan of Redwall, you understand what I'm getting at.  This game has a fantastic card system that adds personal items, spells, tricks and/or treats and companions that can either be implimented to your inventory or played on the map to either other players or locations.  This game's combat is also fantastic, it has a dice rolling sim that you can either roll with on just chance alone, or influence by burning some of your cards you keep on hand.  Despite this game being E+10 rated, it feels more like a mature game that doesn't throw kiddy humor in your face at all; it respects you and it's honest with you, and in return you admire it (kind of builds a relationship between the player and the game itself).  You have a selection of 8 unique characters to choose from that you can play with right off the bat.  There are four different ways to win the game, and all but one of them are valid; I won't spoil the fourth way to win the game.  This game has a beautiful art direction and set of animations in both the 3D world you play in, and the cards you pick up; it heightens the mood and setting you play in.That's all I really have to say for this game, it's all absolutely solid and I can't seem to find any problems with this game.  I haven't run into any bugs yet, and it seems the devs are constantly updating it to make sure it looks even better than its' original launch state.  I fully support this game, and once again I'm just gonna say, it gets a 10/10 from me.  There is one thing I want to say to the devs right now, just from me personally; I don't speak for the other fans of this game.  PLEASE, make an expansion!  I'll buy it, the other fans might buy it; I'm spreading the word about this game as much as I can.Thank you"
76561198031248354,Recommended,290340,18407901,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,cheunga22,"Armello reminds me of board / card games like Settlers of Catan or Dominion, except it's a little bit more complicated.  I've wondered whether it would be possible to play as a physical boardgame, but I think it is too complex.  On the computer it's fantastic.  The pacing is great, there are a lot of possible victory conditions and different strategies to pursue.Love the game.  Art and setting is fantastic.  That said, like a board game, buy this if you have friends to play with.  Single player is fun, but the AI isn't that great, and I think it would get old quickly."
76561198132401307,Recommended,290340,33335153,Posted: 7 July,all,Linlin0412,"Fantastic game! Cannot recommend enough, perfect blend of skill and luck. Beautifully designed, music is amazing, the graphics move smoothly.  10/10 !"
76561198007149867,Recommended,290340,29838847,Posted: 10 February,all,The_Admiral,"So you want to be a hero, huh? Armello gives you the opportunity, ‘cause one way of the other, the rotten King is gonna die. You get to decide if you have the sword in your hand or not when he drops.I had seen the advertising for Armello for a long time, but passed it by. The art style with the animal characters was initially off-putting to me. But Steam advertisers wouldn’t give up. They continually presented it as a game that I might like and sure enough, I do.Armello is a digital board game. You are a clan champion in the land of Armello and the king is going mad from “The Rot” and slowly dying. To save the realm, you need to take King ‘Scar’ down. Even if you ignore him, he’s going to eventually die, the only question is whether you win or not.The game is turn-based, which I prefer, and is a virtual dice rolling, animated card playing nail-biter where anyone can win.  Games last around 30 minutes for single player on “quick” mode, to an hour or so on Multiplayer mode. There are built in times in multiplayer in order to keep the game moving along.There are four different ways to win the game and that adds some welcome diversity.I found that I do like the art style, the cards are really nice with a light humor that I appreciate. You unlock new cards as you encounter them in game, so (so far) there are no additional cards to buy. That may change with additional DLC. You can purchase a seasons DLC for $5 which add spring, fall and winter to the board color mix. It’s a nice touch and I recommend it. Some may feel that it is a money grab and that the seasons should have been added for free or been part of the base game. To that charge I respond, this isn’t EA, LoG is a small Australian studio – don’t be a hater. Help them feed their kids.You can play single-player against the AI or multiplayer against three human opponents. The single player experience is solid, although the AI is not terribly clever. Once you know what you are doing victory is common. There are four different character choices at the start, but with the Usurpers DLC expansion the list of choices grows to 12.I have experienced problems with the multiplayer game. It is not terribly smooth or reliable. I’ve been dropped from starting games, if two people choose the same character to play, that can be problematic as well.There is a decent choice of pre-made multiplayer communication options depending upon the character you play, but no open chat feature. This means that there is no dealing with the trolls of the internet and the filth that spews from their lonely chat box. This is a refreshing feature that I would like to see in more multiplayer games.When you complete a multiplayer game, win or lose, you receive something. Presently it is either a chest or a key. Combine both to receive a different, stylized digital die that you can use in future games or sell on the Steam community market. I find it a nice motivator to keep coming back and play through to the finish, even if you feel that you are losing.While the board is slightly randomized for each game, the whole is so similar that you may not even notice. As a result, many may grow tired of a similar experience after a while and find the game somewhat repetitive. Multiplayer games are the counter to that, it’s just a shame that they do not function perfectly.As a whole I recommend this game. If you like board games this one is an easy pick up. The rules are not difficult and you can pick it up and play a quick game. You can play with your friends and Steam helps to facilitate that. If only LoGs can remove “The Rot” in the multiplayer, this would be a real gem."
,Recommended,290340,29977972,Posted: 16 February,all,BloodJoker,"Let me start by saying i really love the game itself, and have lots of fun playing it. i see why some people would criticize it for iots gameplay but i personally dont mind the random chance(thats board games) and long matches. And i honestly dont even mind putting in paid cosmetic dlc......what i DO mind is the developers pushing paid cosmetic dlc and focusing on in-game charges INSTEAD of putting out more interesting characters. or delivering the ones they ALREADY finished to people to buy yet(the backers on kickstarter got them for free, i get that,ill gladly pay...but why has been MONTHS since they were said to be coming out?).as much fun as it is unless you get it for a CRAZY sale, i wouldnt recommend it until the devs start caring again and focus on improving the game and not on trying to cash in quick with overpriced cosmetics . i understand devs need money too but majorly overpriced cosmetic skins that arent much different than base are NOT the way too do it. Focus on getting GAMEPLAY dlc and gameplay fixes out first, but with each ""delay"" on the bandit clan and focusing on cosmetics before the game itself make me weary of this games future. ill Leave it ""recommended"" for now but ill adjust accordingly"
,Recommended,290340,29926241,Posted: 14 February,all,Dean Dewcanm,"This game has been a great adventure for me and my wife. Everything is vibrant and engaging. Maybe it's because we only bought it a couple weeks ago, but we can tell the developers are working very hard at making an awesome board game. Characters, equipment, RNG, and the other card types feel fair and balanced and the 4 victory conditions are all fun and rewarding to go after. My only wish is that they make another Tribe and a small animated short of how the king became corrupt with the rot."
76561198254877633,Not Recommended,290340,29262361,Posted: 14 January,all,brave_roaster,"Edit: This game breaking glitch has now occured for me 3 times in a row tonight. It's no longer occasional for me, it's damn near every match.TL;DR Unfortunately, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL THIS BUG IS FIXED. $20 wasted.It's a great online board game, however, there is one critical game-breaking glitch at this time: If a player leaves the game early, the AI that takes them over can at times fail to do or end their turn. This requires all players quit the current lobby and suffer a loss and a timer pentalty on their next matchmaking game. If it happens several games in a row the queue can be locked.Additionally, the mechanic when rolling in Perils should get reworked. The roll dice should be a button and not a drag and drop mechanic. Several times I've gone to burn a card, and have had to drag the card over 3-4 times. The timers are short so it's critical it needs to work the first time. Occassionally, when you do this, it will glitch and toss the dice instead. They need to make one or the other (Peril or cards burning) a click button and not a drag/drop mechanic. It doesn't work when they're both so close if you have like 7 cards to play.Aside from buggy Peril and AI mechanics, the game itself is fun and worth the $20. If the AI glitch happens to you, hit escape and in the top right click the bug icon. You can submit a bug report there. Maybe it will help them patch it faster."
76561198011435488,Not Recommended,290340,27545337,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nyx,"It's hard for me to recommend Armello. While it is undoubtedly very beautiful, the gameplay suffers from several issues, which are only reinforced by quite lengthy matches (it's unlikely that you'll finish in less than an hour, perhaps even longer).The main gripe I have with it is that victory is largely based around luck. Nearly every step of the way you'll enounter it - from card draw to combat to exploring dungeons to whether the damn guard is blocking the path to your next quest. To quests themselves actually - when you finally reach it, you have the option to take the risk and potentially win a reward - an item, a companion or a spirit stone needed for one of the victory conditions. However, if you fail the dice roll, you'll receive a penalty instead.Sometimes you get lucky and the penalty is harmless. Sometimes it's awful. Sometimes you'll be lucky and get the item, other times you will fail despite having damn good odds. It can be very frustrating that way.Every turn you'll encounter situations like these. To me, eventually, that was a deal breaker. Matches became frustrating chore.Oh, and speaking of a chore. For some god forsaken reason you have to unlock most of starting items (you can customize your ""loadout"") by playing the game a lot. It's at least 10 games for each clan to unlock all of their respective items (with last ones arguably being the best across the board, with some exceptions). 4 clans times 10 games times 60 to 90 minutes per match (you can do this in bot matches, though those quickly become boring as hell). I mean at the time of writing I haven't even clocked enough hours in the game to unlock everything, and I'm long done with it.The game also lacks any sort of meaningful communication system, instead opting for Hearthstone-esque chat bubbles. Why would you want to play a board game without being able to talk to the other players I cannot imagine. Due to this, the only form of diplomacy is possible between parties using external software. Teaming up against others is fairly popular in those cases.It's actually astonishing that there are tools in the game to help others (healing items can be used on others, some cards help both caster and castee when used), but no real way to arrange that outside of being in a party.It's not a bad game all in all. Picking it up on sale with a group of friends is probably worth it if you like what this game has to offer. Alone, I would give it a pass.Though you might want to buy it just to take a good look at the gorgeous art alone."
76561198064153655,Recommended,290340,26294509,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,KarliN,"This was my first board/card game? Haha :D. It was fine.+) Distinctive graphics.+) Cute characters.+) Optimized control including interface.+) I liked the environement. Castle, dungeons, towns, sacred stones, mountains and how the whole game play is happening in the forest.-) I don't know if it was my audio hardware that had a problem but everytime King plays his dice there was glitch in the sound.-)  I wish there were more to the game. More battles and such like in the dungeons but You can reach the repetitive point really fast.-) As you play more and mroe you unlock rings and all but those aren't really appealing. They should've had level up system and more to the campaign."
,Recommended,290340,34424771,Posted: 22 August,all,Ratatask,"<- Bought game two days ago.game goes for almost half price for entire week after.rip.oh yeah and the game's pretty fun. It's like a strategy board game and RPG board game put into one and it's done really well.Major warning though, if you buy this game, you will be Marked For Death by the Brotherhood Of Steel, Institute, Dark Brotherhood, the Enclave, the Fiends, and have a notable 1000% chance that at least ONE of your friends will reply to each and every post about this game (including buying it) with something about furries, furry porn, needing a second Genocide, and a well-done chance of asking why you put an entire goddamn lemon into your salsa.9/10 it's fun, lotto rng tho. has real-life reprecussions if you don't take note of everyone on your friends list."
,Recommended,290340,34462664,Posted: 24 August,all,Stalker2400,Pros-Art style-Gameplay-Mechanics-ReplayabilityCons-DLC characters (even though they don't really make you win more if you buy them default ones are awesome aswell)-No Competitive matchmaking/leaderboards
76561198098441157,Recommended,290340,22981338,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,seltzer mage,"great replayability, beautiful graphics. my only complaint is that visibility is really bad during the night turns: it becomes hard to pinpoint your character, hard to read the little banners that are on each square, etc. overall, not a disappointment."
76561198040675141,Recommended,290340,34494211,Posted: 25 August,all,MAROCTHEBOW,"An enjoyable board game aboutbetrayinghelping others andkillingworking your way to the crown, long ""live"" the king."
76561198374747604,Recommended,290340,34697429,Posted: 2 September,all,theojen.sankho,"I think I've found a new favorite game! I'm glad I got a free week to ""try before you buy"" because that really helped me get the time to actually try out the features and really delve into the game.In short, this game is practically like playing Settlers of Catan, Risk, Dungeons and Dragons all togehter, and throwing in a Game of Thrones/Redwall storyline, making for a perfect mix. Sometimes it can be a little too much of a good thing, since it was a bit overwhelming at first to pick up, but once you've had a few plays at it, you get it.I'd really like to see some future DLC for this game, new heroes, new quests, new clans even, all for the sake of replayability, one of the most important qualities to a game. If I can pick this up and find something new or enjoy something new about it, then a game has succeeded in my book. The fact that the board changes everytime does some of that for me, but new updates with new characters/scenarios would also help."
,Recommended,290340,17937573,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Huwl,Love it.
76561198031288853,Recommended,290340,17944447,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,jojo,"LOVE IT! Really fun. I look forward to the addition of new characters, cards, and maybe even victory types. The game looks really good even on low graphic settings, runs really smoothly. Some of the victory types seem off balanced such as, it seems prestige victory is about 80% of the time and I've yet to see a Rot victory. BUT, the game is pretty new and i'm sure they'll update these small issues.*****9 out of 10*****"
76561198128910283,Recommended,290340,18038216,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,casa.anana,"I've played 5 or 6 games and have won against the AI twice, each in a different way.  To me, a casual gamer, that's a decent but not imposing learning curve and yields a nice reward.  Also, I like the variety of the 8 (at this time) characters, so I can test my skills with different strategies.  A game on a reasonably swift computer takes about an hour, which is awesome for someone who can't spend all night gaming.  My first game or two were on my laptop, which had either not enough RAM or a poor video card (likely both) and a game took me 3 hours and I couldn't burn cards in battles, since the computer lagged.  So, play on a decent PC!Really enjoying the game and if I want something more challenging, I know multiplayer is lurking, waiting with practiced players and longer game time."
,Recommended,290340,18052540,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Crusader Jinx,"Beautiful visuals and an enchanting soundtrack melded together with an interesting transmedia experience. It a video game that's also a board game that's also a roleplaying game. All my favourte types of games, brought to gether.8/8, would recommend, m8."
76561198195989650,Recommended,290340,18091433,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,natashacavata,Awesome game! Ther art and the story is pretty nice. The gameplay is totally addicting! I really hope thay expand this on the future!
,Recommended,290340,18071843,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Nekovix,"It's if Brian Jacques and Hayao Miyazaki made a board game.Now, before you get excited, I urge you to remember that this is a BOARD game. If you simply don't have the patience or time required, or came in here expecting anything other than that, I'm afraid you might be disappointed."
76561198193512262,Recommended,290340,18090883,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Shadowwolf003,"Wonderful, beautiful game. The sound qualities are superb. One thing that should be said. This is a type of game you would want to play with friends and other people. The single player ends up being a bit dull and not as lively as one would expect. The table-top, card game, dice game, board game is an excellent way a game like this can play.I'd give this an 8/10. While the game art and sound effects is fantastic, the best experience would be through Multiplayer. Also I would wish that the boards would be much larger than they are. Be able to add additional players. Ontop of that, for a game like this, there needs to be a Demo option to download to get the most of what kind of game this is like to the player. The Prologue, Thane's prologue at least, would be a welcoming Demo to be played. Learn how the game is played before being an ideal buy for someone's interest."
76561197972410824,Recommended,290340,17907516,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Ablabab,"Simply put, this game is the best ""digital board game"" I've had the pleasure of playing so far. Game mechanics are at a very satisfying level of complexity. The story, characters and visual representation of the game elements are all very appealing and overall the game seems masterfully executed. This is basically a must have title in my opinion."
76561198067140189,Recommended,290340,25331192,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,jammmaj,"I purchased this game along with the newly released DLC the day it came out together. It totalled around £18.99 (ish)So no, I have not owned the game for long. Despite this, my love for the game has made me create a group for it(http://steamcommunity.com/groups/ArmelloArmada)and I have spent money on the market buying keys / chests.Pros- Multiple win conditions leading to various people taking various routes to win the game- Quest system which creates a story for your character as you progress through the game you are in- Varied clans with diversity in its classes- The game itself looks very good- Possibly my favourite factor is the cards. I am a huge fan of Hearthstone and every card in Armello has an animation which looks gorgeous. They are so good I had to make them as a seperate point from the game looking good- The game itself has good AI compared to other games- Games are just long enough- Easy to play, hard to master- Each tile has a name and the maps are not the same each game- After game loot which allow for more dice in gameCons- No in chat feature outside premade emotes making telling people what you plan on doing eg. in an alliance- Really nitpicking here but no form of campaign other than the prologueOverall 9.5/10Pretty much a must buy"
76561198111017763,Recommended,290340,25375473,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Dinnex,"This was a game that was on my wishlist forever because I never knew if I would like it or not. Also, sometimes tabletop games for pc are super confusing and hard to pick up. Mostly your 4x strategy games.I skipped the tutorial and did a quick AI game to get the basics. Had some questions about dice and some cards. Quit game about 4 minutes in, and skimmed just a few rules. The rules are very nicely organized on the main menu. My second game I had alot of fun. There needs to be an actual tabletop version of this. I'm very suprised there isnt one yet. Solid 8.5/10 in my book."
76561198006959187,Recommended,290340,25359666,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Nogin,"WHen you look at this you should ask yourself why have i not purchased this yet, because if you havent you are sorely missing out on an absolutley awsome game. My whole hearted praise to the developers of this game, its looks nice, it plays nice, its not hard to understand but requies skill to play. Its being updated regually and stuff added, what more could you want.Just buy this game really seriously awsomeness.9 / 10"
,Recommended,290340,25362703,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,javenue,"1. Overall. Cool implementation of the board game. Rules are not complicated at all. Many things depend on random - just accept this and you'll have a lot of fun.2. Single player. Games take not so much time (30-40 min) which is great. A lot of achievemnts to unlock so it is interesting to play again and again.3. Multiplayer. Mega interesting but takes up to 2 hours.4. DLC. Game itself is rather expensive so DLC looks even more expensive. Not sure if I will buy it.Anyway, the game is highly recommended to all board/card games fans."
,Recommended,290340,14318251,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,jakyraptor,"Let be known the review is still for the Early Access release of Armello (who knows what 6 months will change!) - but so far I'm really enjoying it. From the music at character selection to the card animations, there's a lot of aesthetic pleasers in this game. Each game has ran about 40-60 minutes for me so far (single player) and it was a bit of a curve to get familiar with everything (like most board games, though). I really do enjoy almost everything about the game so far. I feel like so far it's been fairly difficult to win, unless by means of prestige. If I find myself behind in prestige about half-way through the game, I almost know that there's no way to catch up and kind of already consider myself having failed which kind of burns my gameplay morale - but besides that! This is an amazing game so far and I can't wait to see what comes out in the full release in 6 months. So excited!"
76561198023811774,Recommended,290340,18014962,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,<AP>Cross,"Beautiful, great pace, hard to master, very enjoyable with friends. Hoping for new game mode or clans in the future."
76561197999439856,Recommended,290340,17939857,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Lagos,"Armello's is a digital board game whose theme is a cocktail of DarkSouls and Game of Thrones, all of it presented with a gorgeous artstyle. Although not especially deep at the moment, it's fun and hasgreat potential for future patches.---Pros:* Art - The art style in this game is absolutely beautiful. The cardsare lovely with their subtle animations and the 2D character art lendsthe heroes a lot of personality. Sound effects and music areappropriate and lovely. I'm looking forward to the DLC at least asmuch for new art and cinematics as I am for new mechanical content.* Fun and Balance - Hard to quantify rigorously, but the game feelsfun - it rewards being thoughtful without demanding that every actionis supremely calculated. Characters feel pretty well balanced giventhe recent release, although not perfectly so. Mechanics likecorruption and the special abilities of followers mean that a singlecard can be applied in different, interesting ways.Cons:* Arbitrary - Serious board game fans should realize that Armello hasa fair amount of luck involved: Drawing the right cards is importantand the outcome of almost all conflicts is dice based (although youmay burn cards to reduce the factor of luck here). However the realelement of luck is in the placement of random events, quests, andperils around the map. You may lose a game due to an unluckypositioning of an early quest or win one because of a timely spiritstone spawn. To win, the rewards from the 'risky' option of quests arevery important, but you'll often have about a 40%-60% chance to failthese, taking an expensive penalty instead. This is particularlynoticeable when two players are both close to victory and thedetermination may hinge on one being a single turn ahead or having alucky/unlucky teleport. It's all fine for a video game, but playersexpecting a more rigorous experience like mageknight or agricola maybe frustrated.* UX Issues - The game permits you to play effects during anopponent's turn, but doesn't offer a good way to pause or an interruptsystem like Magic's. The result is an imperfect blend of real-time andturn-based feels that is jarring at times.  I also experienced are someminor issues in the game such as UI elements disappearing or the soundfailing during certain effects. None of it threatened stability, however.---As for a sense of how the game plays, you spend your turns travelling around the map, preparing yourself through items and quest rewards to face the King, while trying to prevent the other players from doing the same. Usually there are several objectives you could pursue at once (is it worth taking an extra turn to reach my quest if I explore a dungeon first? What about one less turn if I take damage by going through a swamp?) to keep the mind sufficiently tickled. The game has a stronger emphasis on inter-player conflict than board games like Dominion so many of these decisions may involve whether to spend resources pulling yourself up or pushing someone else down.Time factors into all of this. There are a very limited number of turns before the King dies. This introduces conflict between the players pursuing different victory conditions: As the King grows physically weaker over time, a player planning the regicide victory may wish to wait till late to face an easier battle. But if they wait too long and the King dies 'naturally' from his advancing corruption, the current prestige leader will win a diplomatic victory as heir.Overall if you want a beautiful, clever game and don't mind a bit of bad luck, you'll probably like Armello. If nothing else, your eyes will thank you."
,Recommended,290340,18090014,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Dr. Monocle,The thing to remember is that this is a board game brought to vivid life as a computer game. Truly inspired. Can't wait to see what future versions bring.
,Recommended,290340,17938290,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Fraternus Michael,A enjoyable game that can be frusterating for people who were looking for more player control. By that I mean that the die do leave a lot up to chance. That being said there are still plenty of ways to think ahead and stratigize so all and all Armello is a fun game. Also for those saying that the dice just make this game random you need to realize that they wouldn't be good dice if they came up in your favor all of the time.
76561198064399223,Recommended,290340,18074064,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Nightification,"Tried to get the four crystals to heal the king.One enemy tried to kill me over and over again to stop me.I could defeat him every time and at the end I won by prestige, when the king died.10/10 would try to heal the king again!"
76561198108032003,Recommended,290340,18018181,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,desertfiend,"The art style of the game is just so beautiful and colorful. It helps add life to the game and creates personalities for the characters. I am usually not into these type of stratagy games, but this was such an appealing game, I had to get it."
,Recommended,290340,18021485,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Pier,If you have an interest in board games and turn based strategy games Armello is a must buy. Even at full price it's a steal. This indie title fits easily in the AAA league with it's high production values.Immerse yourself in the beautiful and brutal world of Armello. You won't regret it.
76561198070579377,Recommended,290340,18068679,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,MobyDelicious,10/10 When you click really fast the curser is flamboyant af. But the gameplay is fun and visually a nice game. Get with friends.
,Recommended,290340,17923468,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Nworb,"This is such a delightful game.It's like a board game with most of its mechanics, having multiple win conditions, random dice rolls and card draws.Each game takes only about an hour or so to play and there's a handful of unlockables to encourage playing multiple games against the AI.The art style is beautiful and I'd really like to see more games or stories within the realms of Armello.Definitely one to encourage my friends to get, if only to see how it plays with real people."
76561198063004829,Recommended,290340,33733177,Posted: 22 July,all,Lord PichuPal,"Originally heard about it from a couple of friends, they got me interested enough to buy it during the Summer Sale, and I've played it a lot since then (as you can see) because it's really fun. The music is great, the aesthetics of the battles and map are pleasing to look at, the gameplay is easy enough to learn, and the characters are all charming in their own ways.Definitely worth picking up and playing. Community has been pretty good in my experience as well."
76561198043590223,Recommended,290340,34476457,Posted: 25 August,all,Nitestrike776,"Definitely a fun game to play with friends. It presents an interesting mix of card abilities and RPG elements. The combat and quest systems are entertaining and give a nice fresh feel when you play multiple games. The micro transactions, while not the best thing in the world, seem to be for just vanity elements, not pay-to-win type things. Overall it seems to be alot of fun, with great art, music, and sound effects.Many of the reviews are complaining about the quests being ""all the way across the map"", which is honestly not that bad. You take turns to get there and try to complete the quest. I think the real issue is people are used to the almost instant gratification of killing a few monsters and completing an objective. This game is planning intensive, so you need to make strategic choices. Another complaint was that choosing one quest eliminates the ability to choose others. This, once again is about strategy. You need to pick your best path to victory, and each quest leads you toward that path in a different way, so of COURSE you need to think carefully about picking one.The combat system RNG is another point of contention people have. You roll an amount of dice based on your combat level and abilities. With 6 options per die, the odds aren't always going to be in your favor, which is why characters that aren't geared for combat shouldn't be picked. Once again, this is a strategy element. If you get items or abilities that benefit combat, you tend to do better. Addidtionally, you can get lucky and manage to defend well in combat, however the balancing factor is that if you end up rolling most of your dice to defend, you don't get to attack very much. Once again, it seems to be mostly complaining by people that don't have a head for strategy."
,Recommended,290340,20940806,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,pure decapitalism,"great game, I just hope it isnt made by furries."
76561198004499147,Recommended,290340,15833936,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Moebius,"Even it's early access state this is a great game already with even more potential on release with additional cards/characters etc. A pity the format of play doesn't suit local multiplayer options, But still i love the art direction, the CCG elements and the combat (Dice) system.Well worth the asking price."
76561198091762262,Recommended,290340,15847054,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Dmaned11123,"Short yet fun Board Game for the computer.  That's currently the best way to describe this game right now.  I've played a few times, won a few games, lost a few (even against the a.i. which was a fun suprise, usually the a.i. in games arnt challenging enough).  However the game lacks the long term strategy aspect that most games like it thrive off of and prestige victory seems to be the most viable option for a game lasting only about 20 turns/10 days. the upside to this is it gives you a game where you can sit down and play a game in 40 minutes without worrying about saving.The game is ideal for playing with your friends and for those days where you need something to do for the next 30-45min.Is it worth the price?  So far for me...  $25/6.3hrs of play=$3.96/hr  for me that is worth it as I know that price will drop as I play more.Overall rating- 7.1/10  -  The game has alot to offer at an early stage.  But a game speed option should be added to fit the needs and wants of the average strategy gamer because lets face it, failing all of my quests at 40-60% is just pure bad luck and there's no way to bounce back from wasting 15 turns on failed quests in a 20 turn game.  But thats just how the dice roll sometimes.Yes for anything 7.0 and up thats what i always say.  What's the point if i only enjoyed %50 of the game"
,Recommended,290340,20409085,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,MrUkraider,"best board game on Steam by far, best community and twitch channel on the internet. will keep playing for ages. Keep it up people. Loving the new updates as well, cheers LoG Crew <3Loving the new tile and dice updates, plus the bounty system really mixes up the strategy. well done everyone at LoG for great support to this amazing project. Please keep it up."
76561197980111597,Recommended,290340,14234567,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Smackadeus,"Alright so Armello was about the last thing I expected to buy but it's pretty damn good, early access considered.I'd really recommend watching a video or two to get a full idea of the game but here's the rundown:-Hex style gameplay-Card/Dice based combat-Events dependent on stats/cards-Race to beat the other (3 I believe?) players through a couple of methods.If you're looking for something completely different to the usual fare, give Armello a look. I think you'll enjoy it.PS: Amber is a dirty wh*re"
76561197996966009,Recommended,290340,14235023,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Fallenforge,"I HIGHLY recommend this game. Very fun, Aesthetically pleasing to the eye from characters to board and card design. Simple and intuitive gameplay, love the different types of cards and various goals to win the game. My single and only problem is that sadly I am runnning Yosemite OSX for Mac and ever since I installed it I have had difficulties playing certain and specific games and at current this game has a graphical issue once you enter combat, and it is pretty unavoidable, that all the text becomes blocky and illegible. All that aside I still recommend getting it, unless you have Yosemite too, which then I say wait for a hotfix."
76561198005361089,Recommended,290340,15594585,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,b.templar428,"Early Access Review-If you enjoy the concept of any of the Settlers of Catan games, and light RPG mechanics in any way, don't mind card games of any kind being used in a board game then Armerllo is a decent buy right now.The fact that later on we get 4 more hero's (doubling the number of current playable characters) just makes this more interesting, seeing as the other characters are more opposite of the 'Clan' they have currently.Looks good, runs well on my slightly older system, and is VERY immersive. My biggest gripe?I CANT BEAT THE KING VIA THE CORRUPTED VICTORY. It is a tad wonky there, but that is it.10/10, will regicide again in the future."
,Recommended,290340,19576551,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,- lola,"I bought this game expecting something on the lines of Civilization and Endless Legend but wow, as a RPG/Board Games lover, I got so much more. The tabletop element makes every part of it interesting and I got surprised on how you can turn the tables and win a match that since the beggining you had given up hope on. It's a thrill!The best of all is that a match doesn't last forever to finish, so it's not easy to get sick of this game. The (kinda) short duration makes every move on your turn precious giving you a nice immersive feeling.The art is beautiful and I'm eager to see the new features that are coming."
76561198013046309,Recommended,290340,19650211,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Yeknomious,"Good game with interesting mechanics and art. Worth buying if reduced, otherwise hold off.Some balances need to be made, notably the abilty to come back in to a game if you start poorly.Single player is kind of fun but don't expect a challenge - AI is dumb.There are also sound bugs to be ironed out - notably strange switching from left/right speaker and sometime no sound effects whatsoever. A patch was released which seemed to help resolve a terrible crackling issue some had but it's still a problem.Also, multiplayer turns need to be faster. It can take a good 10 minunted until your turn comes round at which point you may have lost some interest/train of thought."
76561198138930309,Recommended,290340,19660567,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Sir_Jan,"This game is incredible, if you enjoy board games, Magic the Gathering, or any other game, you will love this game. Words cannot express the magnificence of this game (well they can, but I am too lazy to write much because I want to get back to playing). The soundtrack is epic and a very good listen."
,Recommended,290340,19665906,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Andre Solo,"I've been looking forward to test this game since it was launched. I was not sure if I should buy it by the reviews but hey ""GoT + Disney"" in a boardgame! What could go wrong?Besides looking great I think the main things in this game are its simple and cool mechanics. It reminded me of many great real boardgames I've played and it is really easy to come back to it.I agree with many other reviews saying there are some balance issues, specially depending on odds and board conditionsMany of these reviews are negative. Mine is positive: Haven't you ever played RISK and got your armies in SUMATRA while having your objective card saying ""conquer Europe and South America""? Roll with it and think of a strategy for screwed people, says IPoint being: luck has some role in this kind of games. Stop playing to win and start playing to have fun! I am"
76561198054749776,Recommended,290340,31430208,Posted: 28 April,all,Bacent Rekkes,"A game where you can rescue a town, move off of it, terrorize it, and commit insurance frau....I mean save them yay!"
76561198014129821,Recommended,290340,16999133,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Sporkinator,"Simply great. Takes advantage of things that would be impossible in a physical boardgame, without losing the good parts of such a game; which is exactly what this type of game should do."
,Recommended,290340,18128542,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Bullet Kerplunk,"Okay... I'll keep this brief; this game is amazing. All the charm of a board game with the glorious, GLORIOUS artistic design of... well, Armello.Been playing this pretty much non-stop for days. Buy it. Buy it and then play it with your friends and also me.Do it.But also please punch Barnaby in his smug rabbit face... jackass."
76561198053529149,Recommended,290340,18456471,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Vedi,If you like turn-based strategy/card/board games with really nice graphics/art work and great music then you will like this :)
,Recommended,290340,18460765,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Indecisive,An absolute blast. Would recommend to everyone.
76561198038907388,Recommended,290340,26488538,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,kor 강아지(Puppy),You can infer the reason why i like this game. Because it is a board game!
,Recommended,290340,26547251,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Timbra,"So beautiful, so awesome, so furry <^-^>"
76561198031466501,Recommended,290340,26739116,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,[MPDTC] Zephyr,"Nice game, lot of RNG and please PLEASE nerf the stranger ... Can be a total fun killer. Got it turn 1, managed to cancel 3 turns and kill me 2ce ... Should be able to pay to get rid of this♥♥♥♥♥♥Some spells are not very useful ... some items a bit too strong. Gotta go for physical and combat heroes as the game is not perfectly balanced yet.Even with those flaws that can make games boring, its a must have. Lets just hope some ajustments will fix the RNG/stranger issues."
76561197991289833,Recommended,290340,28766540,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Darkwyrm,"A very balanced game full of risk and excitement. Nice graphics and animations, theme is great."
76561198115122292,Recommended,290340,28780731,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,F.A.T.E,good game if you love unique game play and furries.
,Recommended,290340,29563442,Posted: 29 January,all,Amiboshi,This is a fun way to spend a few hours getting your mind off of things. I just wish I had more friends with the game so I could share the fun with them.
76561198018040592,Recommended,290340,29569541,Posted: 29 January,all,MagicalBindi,"Tried on a whim.Addictive and great gameplay, easy to get into, hard to master"
76561198086203289,Recommended,290340,29636323,Posted: 1 February,all,fartops34,Nice game but only playable if you have time. Some of these games last longer than many think. Other than that it has cool charactors and more options of how you like to play.
,Recommended,290340,29775362,Posted: 7 February,all,Dalaran,100 зае#бавших крыс из 500!!+Атмосфера.+Релакс.+Дроп.+Игра полностью окупается.Что еще нужно для счастья? :)-------------------------------------------------100 fuc#king rats of the 500!!+The atmosphere.+Relax.+Drop.+The game is fully repaid.What else is needed for happiness? :)
76561198038934752,Recommended,290340,32631718,Posted: 21 June,all,[EBK] Scooby-Doo,"One of the best casual games on steam in my opinon. gameplay is smooth, art work is fantastic, and who doesnt like a good  turn based strategy game now and then? Armello takes the seriousness and tones it down a bit which makes it such a great game to just pick up whenever you feel for a quick round of anthropomorphic characters duking it out to be supreme king"
,Recommended,290340,32658022,Posted: 22 June,all,tyam01,"Always something different, fun gameplay and a huge range of heros!"
,Recommended,290340,32747193,Posted: 24 June,all,SynthZ,"Grab a cooking pot, throw in a fun boardgame, two popular animal fantasy books, a couple more Studio Ghibli's movies, a pinch of Game of Thrones, boiled it all with a solid steam marketplace, and there you have it... Armello."
76561198041070813,Recommended,290340,16984053,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,thorkri,Great game. But AI somewhat lacking. Won 2 of 3 first games.
,Recommended,290340,18422657,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,{OTD} Trurl,Great online boardgame.
76561198061354305,Recommended,290340,18451046,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Trench Fox,Adorable cartoon animals scheme and fight to the death in inventively endless ways for your serious entertainment needs.  Not a bad way to spend an evening.
76561198232436900,Recommended,290340,19454417,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Floyd Zinom Degurechaff,"This game is quite the challenge as every game is faced with obstacles old and new. Every player has a different playstyle and with a fairly large roster of characters youre never deprived of a great experience. The beautifully designed graphics mixed with the solid rpg elements make the fight for the throne pretty awesome. If youve got an hour or two to clash with friends or random players and you enjoy a game that challenges your every decision, this is the game for you. :)"
76561198005732005,Recommended,290340,20195452,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,DiarrheaBear,gameboard comes to life... definitely a lot of fun if you like turn based board games... but lacks some diversity in gameplay after you've played a  few times.  I am hoping they release more cards and heroes in the future.  definitely best if you you have 4 friends to play with.
,Recommended,290340,21306214,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,EnderCraftGames,Extremely addictive and funI've played for about 24 across the spand of a few Weeks playing a game a day and a have mountains of homework from classes but I make time that should say how fun it isBut games last as long as a game of vain glory so about 20-50 mins @least
,Recommended,290340,23462353,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,e dragon,This game is an awsome digital board game and now with collectable dice the dev's put there hearts into it and come out with big updates ever few months. the number of charcters is about to double (DLC's). the dev's understand that chest and keys sould be free and payed for content should be something special.Absolute fun for friends and strangers.
,Recommended,290340,24047097,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mister Weeaboo,Simpily a great game!
,Recommended,290340,32999815,Posted: 29 June,all,"⌜Li ""Bae"" cio⌟","A fantastic board game. Great to play with friends locally and online. Go pick it up. It's good.(Sorry for my bad English if any. It's not my mother language.)Pros-Great art style. The graphics, the cards, the character. It's pretty good.-Win conditions. It's great to see a board games with so many win conditions. This gives variety of strategy to win a game.-Gameplay. It's easy enough that you understand for the first time and easy enough that you win a board on 2-3 tries later.-It's great to play locally with your friends too. You can swap person each match and see what kinds of strategy they use and what items they get. I think that builds friendship....... unless someone wons by shooting an arrow to the king..... lol-It has lots of replay value. I cannot be bored with each match I've played.-The loot. You can get boxes for dice skins and sometimes even a key from playing multiplayer.Cons-The multiplayer. There's no one there as far as I can see. Maybe I'm just unlucky or in different time zones but with more people this could be better.-Also multiplayer. Sometimes everyone just got disconnect and left with only me or I got disconnected. Although that will put AI in the spot but multiplayer gives you loots. Perhaps it's my internet or it's because of the server.Overall, if you want to find a board gave that has lots of replay value, want to see good art, or just want something fun to play to kill time then this game is for you."
,Recommended,290340,35034022,Posted: 17 September,all,BARACK OBAMA,"An underrated amalgam of board game, adventure game, rpg, etc."
76561198036763095,Recommended,290340,34049059,Posted: 5 August,all,MooseKing,"Buy this game if you are not afraid of a crash after 2 hours of intense game, if you don't fear RNG, if you like to be unlucky all the time...I recommend it because the game is beautiful and great, regardless of what I pointed."
,Recommended,290340,26701119,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Agx,Great game. Good amount of content in the character DLC.
,Recommended,290340,26524481,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,krimson,"Armello is a great strategy/board game. If you're playing online, you'll want an hour or so to complete a game. You can take many different approaches to win. Regular content releases, too. Awesome game."
76561198033763563,Recommended,290340,23013784,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Mercury-Senpai,I don't think I've ever been more engaged by a strategy game in my life. this game is a good example of devs actually putting effort into every aspect of their game
,Recommended,290340,23007198,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Kazul,Great board style game with lots of potential. Definitely a hidden Gem.
76561198052018422,Recommended,290340,33062279,Posted: 30 June,all,Show,"In Theory, this game is amazing, it is fast, have complex system likes politics, traps, fight, and several small nuances that make this game pretty good, much like CIV V.The Problem is in the Practice, the game is kind of buggy, for me, I play a game and the game just crashes, need to restart the game, but no problem with the saves tho. Also, it has a Huge potential for the multiplayer game, as the bots seemed to easy, but noone is in the queue.So, Its a 50/50 game, if you have friends, it will be a joyful experience, if you don't have, don't expect to play with strangers, because there is none"
,Recommended,290340,30926626,Posted: 3 April,all,Sorbet,"Armello is like that place you've always wanted to visit, because you somehow know that once you're finally there it will feel like home - it will fill a medieval bear sized void in your heart.Before I bought this game I was sceptical for various reasons. I've read most of the reviews on Steam and elsewhere, but  even though it's praised for the incredible visuals (obviously), little is said about the actual gameplay - specifically after the early access release. Also, some of the reviews make it seem like the gameplay is only enjoyable when playing multiplayer.Having now spent the best part of a Sunday playing single player mode I really feel happy about the game.The single player experience is great.The only real story time in the game is a brief tutorial (acting as a prologue) that introduces you to the 4 main characters and the surprisingly easy gameplay mechanics. You *will* find yourself wishing for more, and that's okay, but this is where Armello stays true to being a digital boardgame - you have to make your own story.Brutal deathThe first time a little critter died I was pretty shocked, but then it respawned and all was well with the world. Needless to say you get used to dying... a lot.Again, this game is bloody gorgeousApart from the awesome cut scenes (that's no doubt the thing that caught your attention in the first place), there are over 100 collectable item | spell | trickery cards that are beautifully animated. As you play the game over and over again you discover more and more cards and it becomes quite a challenge to find new ones.LoreThis is a world akin to Brian Jacques' Redwall. It has also been compared to Game of Thrones for some reason... it's probably all the dying and the creepy king. But really this is something quite unique. The collectible cards mentioned before really help to flesh out the world of Armello.According to the developer forum they are planning and actively working on content for the game, like a Bandit Clan DLC that will introduce a new clan of 4 heroes andmore story missions- Scheduled to release Q2 2017.http://leagueofgeeks.com/forums/index.php?topic=3037.msg20613#msg20613ConclusionBuy the game. Be patient. Enjoy the small things.This is the beginning of an epic story, one that would be better left to unravel at it's own pace."
76561198186729245,Recommended,290340,31174379,Posted: 16 April,all,Asano,"Really amazing and fun game! Im huge fan of board games and this is totally my kind of game!I actually wish this game had board game version, it would be so good to play with friends away from pc.The story is not too deep, and it can get a bit repetetive after some time... but if you dont mind it and you love challenges, then its great. Multiplayer give it totally new fresh feeling and its great while playing with friends! <3 For me it was worth it!"
76561197967402184,Recommended,290340,17864332,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,probably_high,10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,290340,17968557,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Asynch Immune,"Clever, visually stunning game. If you enjoyed the Red Wall novels you will adore this gome."
,Recommended,290340,17920024,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,nightmare404x,"""Magic the Gathering meets Final Fantasy Tactics"" is an apt description, as is ""Redwall meets Game of Thrones"". Really fun board game."
,Recommended,290340,17971213,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Arch Blueleaf,A very fun game made to be like a board game. I highly recomend this game for its amazing art and fun playstyle. Now that its out of early accsees with 8 characters its much more fun and varried to play. 9/10
,Recommended,290340,17096299,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Mestrecthulhu,Good boardgame.Please open a hoat-seat mode ;)
76561197974149758,Recommended,290340,17920744,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Nix ~Favortown.,"Excellent game. Captures the feel of a boardgame with the added benifit of it being computer based (ie things can be hidden on the board, wheras in real life you couldn't hide anything). Incredible art and sound. It is a deep game, but easy to learn. It's a game about risk managment and mitigation. It truly shines in multiplayer."
76561198063389593,Recommended,290340,17967243,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Major_Petrov,The best use of Australian tax revenue since the Collins Class. Grrrrrreat game.
76561197993725948,Recommended,290340,24735469,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,dark_lord_omega_,"For all of it's flaws, Armello is a game that overflows with character. The animations of the various cards make every card feel unique and adds to the flair of playing the cards. The designs of the characters all look great, and the colorful atmosphere and antropomorphic chracters initally make this seem like a high fantasy setting. However, the cards, quest descriptions, and general point of the game all hammer home that for all the color and style, this is basiclly Game of Thrones meets Redwall, minus the sex and with lots more evil. You can even give into the dark side, known as the Rot, and win by killing the King while being even more evil then said insane king.9/10, would become a dark lord bear again"
76561198015133842,Recommended,290340,30766894,Posted: 26 March,all,Dingus,"Despite what many are saying... this game is not as buggy as they would lead you to believe.  Visually, it is gorgeous.  Playing it is even better.  The mechanics in this game are great.  So much so, that most anyone that has played wants this game available as a physical game.  Matchmaking is quick and afk is handled well. This is hands down the best of its class available.If you want an online board game that is not a ccg this is it."
76561198079154733,Recommended,290340,17947197,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Sorry Stoat,"A turn-based digital board game set in a disney's Robin Hood like world where anphropomorphic animals rule the land. Whether playing single player or multiplayer; the game consists of 4 heroes vying for the future of the throne. The game is easy to learn but difficult to master. The board is randomly generated (except starting points and the palace) with each terrain having a different effect on the game and your hero. Settlements generate gold, mountains require double the movement, swamps cost health to traverse, forests provide stealth at night, stone circles heal the uncorrupted and dungeons can help or hinder you. Time is limited by the king's decaying health and turns alternate between dawn and dusk each providing different benefits.Not finished, work in progress."
76561198034725503,Recommended,290340,24652311,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Artoriusaurus Rex,"Fantastic gem of a game. The board/card/dice gameplay is extremely solid and I find it personally addictive. The replay value is very, very high.The art and music and animation are utterly top notch. They suck you into this beautiful fairy tale world that's both dark and bright.But the best part are definitely the characters. Each one has unique stats and abilities and there are 8 of them with more planned. They are lovingly breathed to life and add a richness to the world that the developers have crafted.Highly recommended."
76561198132025111,Recommended,290340,24716413,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,BubbleGumNuggys,"This is a pretty fun game. The problems that have stopped me from playing are the lobby times to play with other people, and the way to rot victory is painfully difficult. In order to get corrupted you more or less have to hope you die to banes to increase your rot because getting cards that give you rot are few and very far between. I think they need to add more rot cards into the decks. 9 times out of 10 the win condition is either kingslayer or prestige and it takes away from the game when there is so little chance for other paths to be taken. This includes spirit stone victories as well, but I can understand how that condition is a little more random."
76561197963406941,Recommended,290340,24769850,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,DocSteve,"A great tabletop game. The pacing is a little slow at times because it forces you to watch all the animations when playing with other folks. I enjoyed it, overall."
76561198091549292,Recommended,290340,30064802,Posted: 20 February,all,pharkins24,"I thoroughly enjoy this game.  There is plenty of strategic decisions that you have to make over the course of a game.  There is a fair amount of randomness and luck that comes into play, but I haven't played many board games that do not have those elements present.If you don't want to pay 7 bucks for skins guess what?  YOU DON'T HAVE TO!  They have no bearing on game play.Buy this game if you like boardgames."
,Recommended,290340,30699971,Posted: 24 March,all,Blue PandAlan,"Its a fun, easy going game, there are  a lot of ways to win it, Also its good you can play it offline but the multiplayer is sometimes a bit too slow."
76561198024880460,Recommended,290340,33024482,Posted: 29 June,all,Rabbit Reaper,"At first glance this game seemed complicated and just weird. But after giving in to the abbility to play as a woodland critter I was amazed at how fun this game really is, its easy to learen and user friendly, great game great DLC and it funny as all get out! Think of it like game of thrones but animals lol Back stabing squirrls!!"
,Recommended,290340,26238744,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,KitsuneHonor,"Excellent, Simple, yet somehow Elegent and Complex. I have gotten a Rot Victory only once, and my friends and I play this regularly. I would put this in my top 5 Steam games. Definately worth it if you have some friends to play with.My only complaint is that the AI seems to suicide into the late game and try for an impossible win 9 times out of ten, resulting in your victory. Great for wins, but cheap and doesnt feel earned."
76561197973373312,Recommended,290340,15133354,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,xadiaz,"A board game turned into an animated computer game.   Easy to learn.  Very good animation and beautiful artwork.  The AI is not yet that strong (developers are still working with it) but even at this early stage it appears almost like a completed product.  It shows the team has dedicated the time to make this more than a game, but also a work of art."
76561198019924893,Recommended,290340,23642732,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,AI Player 1,"Edit: If you want to see the game in action, I strongly suggest you check out theLeague of Geeks Twitch channelSundays at 6:00pm Pacific time for their weekly Devs vs. Community game. It's a good time and a great place to ask any questions you might have and actually get them answered.Since I bought it back in November, Armello has become one of my all-time favorite multiplayer games (still narrowly beat out by Timesplitters, but what can you do?).Each match is a 4-player free-for-all power grab to rule the land. There are multiple ways to accomplish this:Combat: Break into the Palace and kill the King in single combat.Prestige: Having the most renown when the King dies naturally (he loses 1 health every other turn) or if another players kills him, but dies themselves in the attampt.Spirit StonesCollecting 4 spirit stones that may be found in dungeons, rewarded from quests, or randomly spawned on the map then breaking into the Palace and use them to banish the corruption from the king (which, conveniently, also kills him).Rot: The corrupting force in the game that has infected the king and spurred the heroes into action against him. Though it very difficult to pull off, a player can achieve a higher Rot value than the King and then Break into the Palace and kill the King in combat. This is very similar to a Combat Victory, but when 2 opponents both have Rot, the one with the higher count gains the lower's count as bonus dice. Against the King (who is for the most part a stronger combatant than any of the heroes), this is both a great advantage and hinderance (You roll more dice but for every die you roll that doesn't get matched to attack or defence goes to the King to roll against you). Basically, pulling off a Rot Victory is mostly for bragging rights.My favorite part of this game has to be that, even if the whole game is going against you, the other players attack you, banes attack you, your card draw is terrible, etc. etc. etc, it is still possible to sometimes go for the last-ditch-effort break into the palace and attack the king. At worst, you'll die killing him and give the game to the Prestige leader (or just die, granting the king 1 more health and extending the game for 2 more turns), but there's always the chance that you can kill him and win, turning around a game that had been going against you the whole time, and snatching victory for yourself. These are the wins that are always the most memorable because steamrolling your opponents is only fun so many times. The best victories are astruggle.After every (online/non-private) match, you are given a chance at either a key or chest that, once you have one of both, you can use to unlock new dice skins. Winning has no apparent effect on the drop rates, though keys do seems to be somewhat less common than chests (despite which one you get being represented by a coin flip). The keys, chests, and skins can all be traded/sold on the Steam marketplace.The biggest (non bug related) complaint I have is that, since the map is randomized for every match, sometimes you just get completely screwed on the placements of settlements, dungeons, mountains and swamps (either for too much or not enough of any of them near your spawn grounds).The biggest bug related problem is that sometimes, when a player disconnects, the whole match will feeze and everyone will be forced to quit out, negating the end-of-the-match reward. This seems to be more likely if it happens while someone is in combat, and is definitely the biggest bug/glitch problem the game has.One other point of irritation is, since you can sell the rewards from the end of a match, I occassionally run into bots/scummers that pass every turn (some contend that it is almost literally every match, but I think they're just especially bitter people in general). The especially awful ones spam the emotes constantly. Having one less player usually makes the game significantly less interesting and fun. Furtunately, you can report these wastes of air through the in-game bug report feature.At first it might seem like everything's random so you're success or failure is based solely on RNG, but as a long time player of XCOM (new and original), your success or failure is based more on how you operate with the options you're given, rather than the options themselves.TL;DR: If you think games that rely on RNG don't take any skill, go ahead and skip this one. You'll only wind up bitter."
,Recommended,290340,14138230,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,[AoF] TheRedRaccoon,"Updated Aug. 7th, 2015 Review Additions:Over the past few months, I can honestly say this game has made leaps and bounds from where I hopped on. The community continues to grow, the game continues to get better, and I can only imagine what amazing things are in store from its actual release and onward.LoG and the rest of the Armello community are some of the best people I've gotten to know, and every dime spent on this project was well used. I can say with a surety that this game is well worth your money, and that this game is ten-times as good as it was in its Early EA.If you're still unsure about whether or not this game will interest you, I suggest keeping an eye on LoG's twitch channel, and watching the weekly community vs devs games (they're a hoot!).~~~Edited Original Review:So, even after my first match with AI, I can wholeheartedly recommend this game. The TLC that LoG constantly states they've given this game is quite evident, even from the main menu and first few turns. Literally everything in this game works together to create quite a triumphant and easily enjoyed experience that does not disappoint. The art work, fabulous. The music, fantastic. The gameplay, classic, yet new.Performance:I have helped LoG (and continue to help them) squash as many bugs as possible, and I can honestly say that they are rather fast and efficient at getting rid of game bugs. Thankfully this game runs rather well on my lower-mid level laptop. Not to mention that it has a rather low space footprint for a game of this kind.Aesthetics:This game is very pleasing to look at and to listen to. If you don't believe me, you obviously haven't watched the trailers. The trailers alone send shivers down the spine, and leave a considerable amount of chilling goosebumps upon one's person. I sincerely hope that the OST will at some point be available, because it would be an easy buy, even if you don't play the game, for the music, too, plays an integral part in sweeping you away to the magical land that is Armello.Gameplay:Armello is designed to play a lot like a table-top RPG/Card/Board game. Each of the 4 base characters have initial stats and a unique ability, and receive bonuses based on a ring and amulet of the player's choosing. The characters play a large part in how the outcome of the game can be achieved by catering to different playstyles, making the character choice a rather important one - though, not necessarily game-defining. While one can achieve different types of victories with the same character, some conditions are easier met by certain characters.Each turn can easily be a game changer, as players are constantly in a close struggle to gain prestige, gold, magic, or treasure all necessary things to taking the throne, the ultimate objective of the match. There is seldom a point in the game where one can relax, because someone else is almost always on your heels in terms of strength, or physical/magical gains.Experience:This game is rather easy to jump into and enjoy, however, it is highly recommended to look into the game guide here on Steam. Even with its current, early mechanics, this game is easily replayable. Each match and turn is able to bring quite a different experience, and only gets better in a game against other humans. The characters and other pre-match choices can make a large difference based on who's playing who, so the strategizing happens from the get-go.I chose to buy in because this game interested me, and I know that being an Indie Dev is far from easy, and every dollar counts. However, I do again, sincerely hope that this first project doesn't leave a bad taste in the gaming community's mouth because of a mistake made in their infancy (the KickStarter incident, which as since been cleared up!).Pseudo TL;DR -This game is a rather specific purchase...If this is a game you're looking for, I can personally recommend it.For those of you sitting on the fence: Trust me, this game is well worth it, and the community is truthfully one of a kind."
,Recommended,290340,17939029,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Roody,"Seriously, League of Geeks...make an animated movie or show on youtube. Would make a killing in views. Soooo yeah, get on that. This beautiful world needs to be brought to life more than just the trailers and the game, bring it to life in film!"
76561198012248812,Not Recommended,290340,31020947,Posted: 8 April,all,AKES,Not many people playing it. If you disconnect for 5 seconds you get kicked. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t DLC. Not enough content considering the game has been out for at least a year.Not much of a community. To many people leave as soon as they start losing. Not enough of a penalty for doing that.Developers obviously don't care about maintenance.
76561198025817252,Recommended,290340,17294505,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,-[R]EAPER,Very fun and chill game. The graphics are fantastic. Very easy to learn and great to play with friends.
76561198061732036,Not Recommended,290340,29854923,Posted: 11 February,all,warfighter4,"B.L.U.F.: Armello is a good looking game that mimics tabletop leisure. It can be enjoyed by casual players but, due to the high volume of the game mechanics relying on random chance, players looking for a strategy-based game should avoid it. I would give it a 6 out of 10 for casual gamers but a 2 out of 10 for experienced board game enthusiasts.Why should I play: The game can be fun if not taken seriously.Why should I avoid: Micro-transactions (skins, characters, seasons, dice) -AND- multiple game mechanics that rely on randomness that impede tactics/ strategy.I have found that generally your hero's stats aren't terribly useful in most situations because you are rolling dice and randomness prevails. I have seen discussions on this aspect of the game and many people respond with the pithy ""of course its random, its a board game."" This is a fair assessment, but buyers should purchase with eyes wide open. If you are a fan of games like Risk where you can attack with an army three times the size of your opponent's and still get utterly housed due to bad rolls, then you may enjoy this game. However, if you appreciate games where smart tactics developed to accomplish larger strategic goals are more of a central role to game mechanics, I strongly advise you avoid this game.Here are some other reasons the game misses the mark on being a strategy-based game (all of which are about randomness):Quests: Quests are an easy way for your character to gain a boost to your stats and prestige. They also allow you an opportunity to receive a follower, spirit stone, treasure, etc. The mechanic for whether you receive the bonus or get whacked by a penalty is an odds-based roll. The quest is based on one of your stats and the percentage for your success is based on that stat. For instance, if you have 6 Body and it is a Body quest, you have a 60% chance of being successful. Thus, you can improve your chances, but ultimately its a random 'roll' that dictates reward or punishment. This is interesting but generally there is very little way for you to build your character up to a 100% chance of success.Cards: There is no opportunity to build a deck of cards for your character. You merely pull/draw from a random pile. I will concede that you get the option to draw from three decks (Items, Spells, or Trickery). However, there is a great deal of variation within each deck. The cards you draw may be very useful or downright unhelpful. One could argue that each player has the opportunity to pull the same awful cards and thus it evens out. Point taken. However, this mechanic does not provide any supporting evidence that this is strategy game. Furthermore, this mechanic compounds the overall randomness of the game when coupled with the aforementioned random number generation (RNG) issue seen with the character stats. The cards do provide you an opportunity to ""burn"" them for a chance to influence odds, BUT......Weighting the Odds: There is an interesting mechanic within the game that allows a player to ""burn"" cards to ensure you roll a dice to an outcome that matches the symbol in the top right corner of the card. This is interesting and has great potential. Execution is something to be desired because there is limited flexibility. A character may not wish to play the card for its effect, rather saving it to burn on a combat or peril challenge. Great concept until you come across a card that adds no value for your strategy whether it is used or burned. An example is the often reviled ""Rot"" cards. These cards give your character Rot when played for their effect. Rot can be useless for your character (unless you are going for a Rot victory) or it can be wildly harmful to your strategy in the game. The real problem is that when you burn the card it simply nullifies one of your dice. The kicker is that there is no other way to get rid of that card. You do not get an option to dump it at the end of your turn. To recap this concept, if you pull a rot card and you do not wish to go towards a Rot victory your options are to (1) use it to your own detriment, (2) burn it in a combat or peril challenge to waste a dice, or (3) hold on to the card endlessly and allow it to prevent you from drawing cards you need. Without a discard or 'dump' function within the game, your overall strategy can be hamstrung by cards like this (though to be clear, Rot cards are not the only cards that pose issues to a strategy).Dungeons: Entering a dungeon gives you a chance at receiving gold, gaining more temporary spirit (for casting spells), summoning a bane, receiving a follower, teleporting you to another dungeon, etc. Surprise! I won't belabor the point on this aspect - this is another random mechanic within the game.Other Random nonsense:""Wait....what?There is more? warfighter4, how can this be? I thought 4 major game mechanics that relied on randomness would be sufficient?"" Nay, my friend. One of my favorite instances of randomness within the game is a follower you can pick up from a dungeon who is named ""The Stranger."" This plague joins your hero and then moves you by one hex, randomly, at the start of your turn. You have no way to get rid of this 'follower' (that somehow LEADS your hero in the direction of his choosing) unless you get right next to another hero. You wanna know an interesting tid-bit, friend? The Stranger doesn't leave automatically when you get next to another hero. He determines whether he comes or goes based on ..... wait for it.... randomness. Thus you can tweak your turn-based tactics to get within range of another hero to get rid of this pied-piper, but there is no guarantee that he will leave."
,Recommended,290340,24719420,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,taco y doggo,es gud gampls to be 4-pack
76561198077531876,Recommended,290340,14728491,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,PeterDude99,Oh my goodness!!! Bought it and was compltly blown away! THe gameplay is intuitive and fun! The art creates the atmosphere really ubberly well!! And is magnificently gorgeous and so much fun to look at! And then the Soundtrack to top it off? Mand oh man what an submersive game! And it's fun too! So much strategy! Only request... Can we somehow have the SOUNDTRACK?!?! it's just that good!!!
76561197987903910,Recommended,290340,17191685,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Avaddon,A boardgame that reminds me of Talisman but more focused and fun...A mixture of Game of Thrones crossed with a Studio Ghibli cast of characters.....There's something surreal about having your♥♥♥♥♥♥kicked by a parasol wielding lady rabbit just after a bear priestess has persuaded the dying king to pass a decree forcing you to sacrifice an apprentice piglet follower.......11/10 would sacrifice bacon again
76561198040151148,Recommended,290340,14144627,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,eyeofspawn,the game is how do i say this its just wow um vary great game secrets of nim any one cant wait to see the game expand with more of world map hope to see it bigger over time keep up the good work XD
,Recommended,290340,17840406,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Velnias,"Armello is a cute game, and fun to a point, but it's a bit anemic; there's not much there."
76561198031443772,Recommended,290340,17870502,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Ore Range,10/10 would lightning bolt wolf again.
76561198035730704,Recommended,290340,14911537,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,retroantix,Game of thrones meets King of Tokyo while dry humping Magic the Gathering. Its ever so much fun.
,Recommended,290340,14187621,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,=WR= GreatLeon,"I love this game so much I, working on making a RL Table top of Armello for me and my friends to play!9.5/10 for Early Access.The only down side is that, I feel like the games should last longer in solo play."
,Recommended,290340,14960418,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Soviet Mint,TEST YOUR WIT AND CLAIM THE THRONE!
76561198159194870,Not Recommended,290340,29703937,Posted: 4 February,all,Time for Heaven,"I'd like to point out that I've only had this game for two days. I've given this game many chances to captivate me, however it hasn't. I do not think this game is bad, it just doesn't appeal to me and it might not appeal to people similar to me. I haven't tried multiplayer but honestly I do not think that would make me change my mind. I can only imagine what people would do to me in multiplayer.Honestly, I feel like I should've listened to what people were saying. This game is NOT a bad game. It's just that this game functions like a traditional board game with a dice. You can play smart and have some sort of stategy but it also comes down to the dice. But that doesn't mean you can play like an idiot and win. Regardless if you increase your chances of success there's still ways the game can screw you over.From my experiences it's always like being on the losing side of a dice based board game. Which wouldn't be bad if I could have fun in some way while losing but personally I did not enjoy this. But hey I tried something new."
76561198045914859,Not Recommended,290340,32096929,Posted: 31 May,all,Reflectere,"Had high hopes, but a pretty shallow game. Not much depth to strategy and mechanics. DLC + Microtransactions is the ultimate deal breaker."
76561198002540828,Recommended,290340,31386385,Posted: 26 April,all,Quasi Z,Great game! Many of the negative reviews are unfair and misleading. Most are motivated by rage over the price of the newest DLC.
,Not Recommended,290340,28615071,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Diect,"First, let me say that I like the game. It's a great game, with good potential, but I don't recommend it for 2 reasons:1) The AI is very bad. Once you understand how to play you will win every single-player game you have.2) This means if you want any kind of challenge you will need to play multiplayer. Unfortunately there is no in-game chat, absolutely no repercussions for leavers (and I have not had a game where someone hasn't rage quit), and the random board can be horrifically unbalanced against you.If you have 3 friends who want to buy and play this game with you then you will have fun, otherwise don't buy.If the multiplayer is fixed I will absolutely change my recommendation."
,Not Recommended,290340,26687809,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,megablue,"Mostly RNG, the hour long game is pretty much decided at the first few turns, very repetitive, the pace is very slow and lack of contents.It is fun for like 20ish hours if you have friends to play with. Don't expect to play with online against strangers, you almost can't find any games online. Also, it is just tormentingly slow and repetitive after you ""explored"" the game."
76561198013096706,Recommended,290340,14340915,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,PuffNStuff-[JFK],Always love a game that makes you feel like you are defending Redwall Abbey ;)
,Recommended,290340,15272827,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Dashing Yung Rogue,"Kept getting killed by crazy dog that can somehow stand on his hind legs and somehow hold a sward with his paw.Guys help he wont stopO god everyone is deadwhy does he always roll trees WHY THE DAMN TREESThis is eternal hell, the pain doesn't stop. Every death inevitably leading back to my reanimation only for me to suffer by the paws of this hellbound hound"
76561198074006370,Recommended,290340,20130781,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Tsukanda,
76561198271717873,Recommended,290340,30842719,Posted: 30 March,all,MerlinTheIndian,"Great board game that takes advantage of the fact that it is on the PC. The look and feel of the art was very appealing, and the sound quality was good. Thorough tutorial as well. It is a fun experience, where characters can become invisible at night, and the AI is pretty good. Each class does play differently. If you like board games that have strategy and dice, you will likely have fun with this game."
76561198031980679,Recommended,290340,33439429,Posted: 10 July,all,ZERO,Armello is a great game if you're looking for something that's turn based but not hours upon hours of work to achieve victory It's a good board game style game with beautifal  Artwork
76561198150873156,Recommended,290340,29989980,Posted: 17 February,all,Bivie,Obviously a good game to spend your free time with your friend!
,Recommended,290340,33324267,Posted: 6 July,all,BasilStagHare,"I love the multiple paths to victory, I love the discovery of finding new cards (without it being a collectible game) I love the dice combat.I've only one with a Pristiege victory so far, and haven't even looked into house rules, I can't wait to discover more!so much Variety!"
76561198010038219,Recommended,290340,33341349,Posted: 7 July,all,Unicorn Steve,"Amazing boardgame-y strategy game with insanely great artstyle. Super fun with friends! AI is fairly bad to play against, but totally worth it if you have even one friend to play this with!"
,Recommended,290340,31535883,Posted: 3 May,all,Jrap,"Armello is a powerful game, a funnel-shaped hole into another realm that sucks you down inside with no chance of escape. From the moment you hit play on this mixtape of gorgeous visuals, atmosphere, strategy and suspense, you are, and I mean this in the tuest sense of the word, ♥♥♥♥ed.Every bit as enthralling and cliffhanger-heavy as your favorite netflix drama, and one hundred percent of the fist-pumping, booyah moments of your favorite RTS or competitive shooter, wrapped in a thick grove of trees and temples you can't take your eyes off.I have consumed merely the edges of this flavorful dish, and I will be returning soon, DESPERATE for more."
76561198093720379,Recommended,290340,25027524,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Silvias,"Its an amazing game, worthy of at least trying!But it does have a multiplayer draw back,Host rage quiting is an issue, not only does it ruin the fun but it also stops others from being able to claim their rewards at the end of the match. ive lost count of how many times this has happened.all because their not going to win or even worse, their quest failed!so be wary of playing public games if your NOT the Host."
,Recommended,290340,19204908,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Maeltorn,"Amazing music, amazing art. It's like a universe from childhood mixed with a board game. Really fun to play !1 cons : - you can't play multi on the same machineBut if you want to play online or solo, that's fine, it's a really good game. IA turn can be boring, too."
76561197993666152,Recommended,290340,24013702,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Toad,Really good !
76561198231130188,Recommended,290340,22697040,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,swarmofsushi,Exceeds expectations. Recommend to all as a highly replayable game
,Recommended,290340,22571119,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Radagast,"A graphically stunning game with a boardgame feel to it, good for casual gaming but still has challenges and small progression in rewards for playing each session. No campaign as such though, but still rich in storytelling.Optimal choice for casual multiplayer games, played it with my girlfriend and we loved it"
,Recommended,290340,31217297,Posted: 18 April,all,BetterBryan,Great experience for the price!
,Recommended,290340,18197622,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Valric,"Armello is a computer board game that is simple to learn but is a challange.When I say ""board game"" I mean this has a kind of mario party (but not as friendship ending) feel to it.Basic  DescriptionYou are from a clan and your goal is to KILL THE KING. It's not due to the fact that he was a bad king, but due to the fact that he is being corrupted by a darkness that shall be refered to as ROT. Now as you are taking on quests getting geared up to break in the gates and commit the act of murder, there are other clans that had the same (or Similar) ideas.this game supports 1-4 playersThe ClansWolf- WarriorRabbit- AdventurerRat- RoguesBear- Mages8 Characters (2 per clan)There is 4 ways to winPrestige- gain the most prestige points and let the king die due to the rot (he loses 1 hp each dawn)Regicide- Kill the king (not as easy as one would think)Rot Victory - Gain more rot points than the king then kill the king (if you like a challenge)Banish - gather 4 magic stones and banish the king (still need to break in though)Pros- the game is pretty fast due to the time limit on the kings life when he ""rots away""- the music- the art/graphics (makes me think of some books like Redwall)- Gamplay its easy to learn and I have yet to get bored- Characters each has a very diffrent feel on how to play themCon's- The only complaint I have, is somtimes the board itself will feel a bit like there is little change to it.  Due to limited tile types such as, forests, mountains, magic circles, dungeons and swamp. This is not including the castle because that is always in the middle.What I wish for- Game customization it would be great to have the ability to change some ""rules"" around like give the king more HP for a longer game have more monsters spawn per night or change the size of the board.Of course in my opinion the Pro's out weigh the Cons greatly and this is a great game to play with your friends and has room to expand.So I say pick up your sword and lets kill an insane king!"
,Recommended,290340,25167745,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Loog,"Offline is ok, but Online is a lot of fun especially with a group of friends.Its like a mixture of Sid Meier's and D&D with a little bit of TCG mechanics and such.Highly reccomend checking this game out."
76561198105456418,Recommended,290340,25260355,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Mavheit,"Little big game, playing online and stealing a prestige win at the last turn was one of the most fun things I have ever done in a video game. Personally I would recommend it, but I suggest you to watch some gameplay videos and to be aware that if you don't like boardgames (a.k.a. RNG-strong games), you probably won't like it.P.S: The DLC IS worth the price."
,Recommended,290340,25011274,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Emperor Marcus Awoolius,"Armello is a board game. There are 4 players and each are vying for the throne of the mad, dying king corrupted by something named The Rot.I like this. Overall it is a fun game if you enjoy board games. The art is good and I enjoy the fantasy aesthetic of this. The dice based combat can be frustrating at times but i do see the developers are working to add elements which grant the player more control of a given battle. Such as reflective defences or armour piercing attacks.Overall, I recommend it. Especially good if you have friends to play with."
,Recommended,290340,18137579,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Cheeky Lightbulb,Like drugs. But better. Armello is better than drugs.
76561198011762859,Recommended,290340,23052384,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Anko,"Want more players in multiplayer? Multiplayer is regional block by Steam. To change region, go toSteam -> Settings -> Download -> Download RegionEurope has a big fan base, my favourite region is UK London. I notice that multiplayer's strategy changes base on region.This is a tabletop games, takes 10-20 hours to unlock all rings and amulets. Then the only thing left to do is multiplayer. You don't have to put much time into this game to be powerful, don't have to worry that you can't catch up with others after leaving the game once a while. Just play with people whenever you want. You need skills and luck to win, neither devotion nor pay to win.Move three cells each turn, draw a number of cards base on wit. Cards can be equipments, useable items, spells, traps, etc. Finish quests to gain more stats and rewards. Three ways to kill king, or win with prestige. Every character has their own special ability. Each clan has their unique rings. As a result, strategy is diverse. You can speed up AI in option, and push . button, to speed up AI further, too. In multiplayer, people uses strategies that you never see with AI. I learned a lot in multiplayer.For those who complains about randomness. I have played so many turn-based strategy games, a few notable are heroes series, Xcom series, talisman, Elder Sign, Hard West, King’s Bounty, etc. I tend to play on highest difficulty and get boring because it is too easy. In Armello, I win 70-80% against AI because of randomness and I enjoy it. I won’t play this game if I know how to win 100% every time.Multiplayer is where the real challenge begins. Where you feel anxious and tense, the intense pleasure, a kind of addiction. The stimulation is too good...You don’t want to go back to single player anymore.Conclusion: A Hidden gem. Must play."
,Recommended,290340,23022999,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Prison Mike,One of the best competitive/board games ever. Must try!
,Recommended,290340,25030019,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,AZAxle,"Armello's outstanding use of theme, aura, and setting are the cornerstone that make it a wonderful virtual board game. Best played with friends this 4 player virtual game brings the best and worst rng to play over the course of a little under an hour.From combat to missions to enemies to game design the League of Geeks development team worked hand in hand with their creative capacities and the community for a perfect blend of fantasy, adventure, strategy, repetitive gameplay, and lighthearted fun. A game you can play for 30 minutes which is the usual game length or for a couple hours to grind some achievements or different strategies. After you master a couple of creatures you can play against others in the Multiplayer. However I do recommend joining the Armello Community Discord to help you find other players since the game fanbase is still somewhat low.My complete review can be readHere.If you're looking for a quick review ""I highly recommend this game, its developers, and its community."""
,Recommended,290340,24981618,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Terminaeus,"Smooth, well-balanced gameplay supplemented by evocative audio and visuals bring the kingdom of Armello to life. This could make an award-winning board game, and the developers were wise enough to leverage the concept in a medium that allows for updates and additional content. Kudos to the Armello Clan!"
76561197960412546,Recommended,290340,27629229,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Matrielle of Clan Rat,Fun
,Recommended,290340,31447247,Posted: 29 April,all,The Iron Marshal,game is 2 gud.
76561198095927502,Not Recommended,290340,33687581,Posted: 20 July,all,jackofyre,"I really wanted to like this game, I mean it's got sylvanian animal characters as heroes and really colourful art and animation that brings the lore to life. However after spending several hours on the game, I can't help but feel that the game is really inbalanced and that lots of times, the game depends more on luck and chance on getting good cards early on than on your skill and management. You will find that winning is easier with some characters and extremely difficult with others.This is a turn-based strategy game that has minimal storyline, with four players trying to win by getting rid of the Corrupted King and ascending the throne. One can do it in four ways, either by slaying the King, gaining prestige while waiting for the King to expire, collecting Spirit Stones or gaining rot and challenging the King. It may seem that there are many routes to victory but winning via Spirit Stones and Rot is really difficult. And victory usually goes to characters that are strong using the Kingslayer or Prestige route.Personally, I'm not much for multiplayer action, so maybe someone who enjoys multiplayer games may have a different viewpoint. I like the world of Armello though, and would really like to see a single player turn-based strategy RPG game with full storyline based on its characters and lore."
76561198039421142,Recommended,290340,25356318,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Jay,Good game to play with friends
,Recommended,290340,31160966,Posted: 15 April,all,Mama Ezo,"To the vastly beautiful scenery to the gameplay of tactical strategy, armello has provide me nothing but fun and joy to my friends and i. I'd give a solid 8 outta 10."
76561198165638467,Not Recommended,290340,31017731,Posted: 8 April,all,halthiaron,"This game may not be my taste, but I would've liked some more varied enemies, (There's literally just the king's guards, the king himself, and other players.) Combat is all preparation, there's no adapting or raw skill. (It also looks kinda like there's a story mode based on the trailers and whatnot. There isn't. Not knocking the game for this but don't go in thinking that's what this is.) But what really sank this game was no local multiplayer, even though this game is perfect for it."
,Recommended,290340,31064433,Posted: 10 April,all,Omae wa mou shindeiru,"The game design behind Armello is great. It's a perfect board game that could not be a physical one.PROS:Fun, even with strangerEasy to understandMultiple ways to winEvery game is somewhat enough different to not feel that much repetitiveCONS:Some characters are not well balancedSome characters are behind a paywall (DLC)Definitly worth it's price."
76561197995338495,Recommended,290340,31010076,Posted: 7 April,all,Mr Flowers,"I've put so many hours into this game, it shines in its art, character design, everything. It may not be for everyone due to its rng board game genre, but if you like that sort thing then this is certainly worth a shot."
,Recommended,290340,20886258,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Nate,Fun all aorund
76561197998776029,Recommended,290340,33890717,Posted: 29 July,all,[18nd AD] KIAD,"Very good and simple boardgame on your screens. I really enjoyed this game. It has short rounds (1h+-) and has very simple, but powerful and deep mechanics combining basic boardgame and cardgame. Style of the game is cute and very good for orientation. It is like GoT with cute animals in little hexagonal kingdom.+Style+Gameplay+Audio+AI+Multiplayer+Updates+Animation-Case system like CS:GO"
76561198018986054,Recommended,290340,23023034,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Thassoth,Insanely fun to play with friends. Backstabbing each other is just lovely <3I highly recommend it :)
,Recommended,290340,22960774,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Boshmash,"Amazing game. Everything changes depending on what you do. Very well made and a beautiful art style. If you are a geek, you will love this game. :)"
76561198031779460,Recommended,290340,22993755,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Sergot,"You play one charakter with unique abilites like a first strike or getting more money from villages etc. From then on you try to win the game by either killing the king, curing him or let him die by himself and be choosen as the next king by reputation.Which way you choose depends on your playstyle but also on your cards which you draw at the start of your round. By completing personal quests you get items, gold and other usefull stuff to beat all other players. But beware of them trying to interrupt you.It is pretty much RNG at many times - too much for many guys. But it is a board game with dices - so there have to be RNG. However it's much more about how you take adventage of your luck and make your way to victory not too obvious. I really enjoy this game.It's pure fun and beautiful."
,Not Recommended,290340,34561601,Posted: 28 August,all,Cray,"Interesting concept and mechanics, will keep you entertained for a few games, but unless you like consistency in games then it's not for you.Strategy doesn't matter as much as luck in this game, and the more you play the more you realize it. A bot on easy can get lucky enough to kill you while another steals the win. Besides, a misclick in the later rounds can basically lose you the game.Too bad, I really enjoyed it in the beginning."
,Not Recommended,290340,34573838,Posted: 29 August,all,我永遠喜歡伊波杏樹,"多人模式体验糟糕，原因如下：1，玩家退出后转由A.I.控制会出现bug，导致回合无法继续；2，战斗进行中强制进入下一回合，再此轮到我时游戏卡死，无法继续；3，机翻痕迹严重。希望在新补丁中能得到改善。Multiplayer game DO BE NOT REALLY GOOD, and there are the reason:1. There is a deadly bug which influence the game proceeding while A.I. player replace human player.2. Combat is still on but next player already start his round, it cause to the game freeze at my 2nd round.3. It is obvisously that Chinese version is translated by translation software.(BUT it is not big problem in comparison.)"
,Not Recommended,290340,34509718,Posted: 26 August,all,Aug,"Meh.  The base concept is neat and the visuals are fantastic, but in the end, it comes down to two sides just rolling dice at each other.  Every game I played devolved into the same thing over and over.  It was enjoyable, but just got boring after a few games.And don't get me started on the microtransactions.  The game is very upfront about ""Hey, look at the characters you can't play!"" It even has its own in game store to encourage this, because apparently relying on the steam store doesn't hassle the user enough or something."
,Recommended,290340,23277177,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Ninetales Mak,"I found this game while just skimming over sales, and I am glad I stoped clicked on this one. If you are a fan of board games, rpgs, or mtg, then this game will be right up your alley. The gameplay is well refined and balance (unlike most games these days), which gives every player, no matter how nooby, an equal chance to win the game. Now I must adress that there is RNG elements in this game, its based off of drawing cards and rolling dice, many people are against RNG in games but do feel that it plays very nicely into the game and makes the game more enjoyable! Overall I definitly recommend this game to whoever seems the slightest interested, the Devs and Community is very open and wil help you with any questions.P.S. Make sure to join their Discord, its great for new players or when you are just looking to make some new friends,https://discord.gg/0hTFOpFGL1qAedPp"
,Recommended,290340,23744951,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Jollyroger,"A very fun tabletop board game with short but sweet rounds disguised as a tactical RPG with unique, cheerful artstyle contrasted but a dark and cut throat world. More the merrier, but I enjoy playing it even alone against AI. Would recommend to anyone who enjoys complex boardgames."
,Recommended,290340,27029373,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sevirm,"Just like a board game with friends, but alive."
,Recommended,290340,27059871,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Instant,Hilarious strategic game to play with friends. Art is absolutely fantastic and the RPG elements are really entertaining.The different characters and win conditions makes each game different from the last.
,Recommended,290340,26725095,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,indraf,"Pros:Runs very smoothly!Very interesting win conditions and very diverse heroes makes amazing strategy experience.Everything is pleasant to look atQuick AI movement option makes a comfortable single player experience.Cons:Could take very long against human opponent (just played a 2 hour game long. But maybe that's because I'm still at the bottom of the matchmaking ranks.)Overall:I'd recommend Armello because its a great and fun experience despite few flaw. My laptop struggle to play other game with graphics as nice as this, but not with Armello, this is a big plus to me. People complains about unbalanced win condition but I think that still depend on each player's playstyle. If improvements are made to multiplayer experience this game would be even better."
,Recommended,290340,25175372,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,gene,Game of thrones/ DnD with furry friends!
76561198160442761,Recommended,290340,30857097,Posted: 31 March,all,Khaibh,"Ok, I had my doubts about this game from the start but it is crazy addictive. The claim that it is an adorable version of Game of Thrones is accurate, and I like the general mechanics of the game. I would reccomend a few things:- Maps with special twists not just reskins, I know that this can be hard as it may inately slant the balance toward more heroes.- A rebalance of a few heroes inparticular. I know I am not exactly a veteran of this game but I have played enough to see that there are a few heroes that are simply above the point of balance.First: I have never won a game against a River and I have never lost with her, and no, RNGesus was not always on her side. Her passive plus a defensive gear build absouloutly ANNIHILATES. Also it can kill the king AND give her the kingslayer victory, I mean what is with that!?Second: Magna, while I like her playstyle, seems too potent to be considered a ""tank"", provided the RNG is the same, she is basically a better version of Brun.There are numerous tweaks i would like to see made, but the game, for all intents and purposes is young. I have seen games with far worse balance issues.Overall, great game, most addictive one I have played since ARK: Survival Evolved."
,Recommended,290340,18446120,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Carnival Nights!,Great board game.+ Fun and easy light RPG element.+ Easy to understand cards and rules.+ Prologue/Tutorial introduces you to each element of the game without overwhelming you.+ Cards introduce excellent variables that make life a living hell for your opponents.+ Animated cards.+ Excellent graphics.+ Multiple characters to play as with a high degree of variable playing styles.+ Excellent soundtrack.- No rule and AI customization.- Ultra limited graphics options.- Can crash now and then. Will most likely change as updates arrive.- Story ends after prologue. No story mode.
,Recommended,290340,32914613,Posted: 27 June,all,Lightdark,"Very great gameplay, amazing to play with friends  and  pretty good to know that if one of your friends have the dlc you can   play a private game with them even if you have the base game to be able to play the dlc.Multiplayer is a blast never a dull moment.   Would highly recommend to friends to pick this game up and try it out."
,Recommended,290340,22982989,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,ToastedMessiah,"I have a very few amount of hours, but I know that I will being putting in a lot more time into this game.You start off in one of the most in depth tutorials I have ever played in a video game where you get a basic but in depth idea on how to play. At this point I was hooked. I would reccommend this game to anyone. Pick it up now!8.5/10"
76561198028067417,Recommended,290340,14273986,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,QNecron,Some things here and there that I don't agree with (looking at you Palace Perils) but other than that amazing game! I can't wait to see how this game progresses.
76561197993493033,Recommended,290340,17867725,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Rhyahn,Excellent game.
76561198007516932,Recommended,290340,17965043,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,noemiecrat,Awesome in many flavors.
76561198004950971,Recommended,290340,18016233,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,FlyByKnight8,"Really good game, fastpaced board-game style action, with a enough strategy to make it interesting, as well as some fun randomness."
76561198073460240,Recommended,290340,17936375,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Slash_cupidace,"I came, I saw, and I got destroyed by a cute little Bunny in a giant set of Armor with a huge hammer.Yeah I'm not even mad."
76561198030691738,Recommended,290340,17983533,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,phil.b.woodley,A really great little game.  LOG were able to capture all the artistry and joy of table top gaming and enhanced it with a fantastic interface.  What a beautiful game!  I'm excited to see how they build on this first endeavor.
76561197995878700,Recommended,290340,17934610,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Palpatween,"Armello is a great game for anyone who enjoys elements of the RPG and Strategy genres. It's essentially a turn based board game which supports up to four players at once, with players attempting to win the game in one of the four ways to win. Each player selects a character and each character has different starting stats and a unique ability. Each player will begin the game and select a quest out of a few different alternatives. The quest will boost a stat and give a chance to win gear. Gear is great in this game and I've seen most games come down to gear loadouts and, of course, dice rolls. Oh yes, a public service announcement: anyone who doesn't like dice mechanics should probably bypass this title as it is ALL dice!There is also the rot game mechanic. Rot is a stat that is basically like evil corruption. I mention this separately, just in case there are any players, like me, that like to take the left hand path and play evil. Armello indeed has the low road and it takes the form of rot. Get to a higher level of rot than the King (the villain) and you will get a huge bonus. Plus, I have rarely seen other players use that route, increasing its novelty with multiplayer.Now here are some things I dislike about Armello. I think that there are some balancing issues, especially for Corrupt characters (ie. very rare corruption cards) and a complete lack of aesthetic customization to characters. I'd love to take my evil bear priest and trick her out.Again, if you like strategy, board games or RPG's, pick up this title. Armello is one of my new favorites and with multiplayer matches only lasting just above an hour or so, I'm not sinking a whole afternoon into it."
,Recommended,290340,25407517,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,djpelisek,Fun mix of board and card mechanics. Music and art style are great.
76561198082273958,Recommended,290340,25413739,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,H0lepunch,"This game is an absolute blast to play! The graphics are not top notch but the card art is stunning! The music makes me shiver which can only be a good thing. Bad on your own, great with one friend, never even tried with more, though it seems it would be even better!9/10"
,Recommended,290340,14532412,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Phorth,"At this point in the development i already feel that Armello has set a standard for digital boardgames. The 4 characters introduced with the initial early access build each play up different strengths and weaknesses exposing distinct strategies, while still allowing for a variety of general strategies. With the different game winning conditions, as long as players are active a couple setbacks do not feel game ending. The prime example of what feels like an out of the box come back is the rot win, allowing death to be the means forwards. I've had a great time playing the game and look forward to the new cards, additional heroes and an expanded community of players."
76561198350741879,Recommended,290340,33270825,Posted: 5 July,all,Huskarl216,"40% off during summer sale.first buy it and turnoff wifi.play tutorial and a single player match in offline mode so that steam doesn't count playtime.Now play multiplayer match and make sure you do not cross 2 hrs.If it's not good,refund it.If you liked it,keep it.(I DID THIS)In India,it is 480 after 40% off.You are getting regional discount in India,30% off compared to base USA price."
76561197988566726,Recommended,290340,30148178,Posted: 24 February,all,Grim Jester,"I play a variety of board games weekly, which is what attracted me to Armello. I can sum this up quickly:It's pretty.It's somewhere between simple to moderate in complexity.It has a consistent theme.It involves a good deal of luck.It doesn't take long to play.End of summary.If you're looking for something to do in an hour, that's easy on the eyes and somewhat challenging, Armello is a nice option. If you're looking for a rich strategy game, this isn't for you."
,Recommended,290340,31385574,Posted: 26 April,all,Ransac4987,"Great board game! It seems to implement tactics from MTG, Catan, and Yahtzee."
,Recommended,290340,30131592,Posted: 23 February,all,Beardly,"What can I tell you that hasn't been said already and isn't immediately apparent from looking at screen shots and videos? It's a great pick up and play, relaxing, and oh so clever. It feels like playing a table top board game but with elements from rpgs, adventure games, and card games like Magic, and Gwent. After the initial learning curve of how to play, it's very easy to hop in to a game and just get to playing it. Armello doesn't bog it's self down in complexity, yet there is still many layers to it and many ways to go about playing and attaining a victory in game. Highly recommend!"
76561198052263435,Recommended,290340,31430704,Posted: 28 April,all,saxonwulf1066,"The biggest compliment I can give this game is that it's a shame I can't also go and buy a Physical board game of it. I'd love to assemble a little Hex map of Armello on my Table, sit around with my mates and compete with them to slay the king!It is the first time I have ever played a digital board game that gave you the experience of a smoth and balanced tabletop game - possibly becuase it isn't an adaptation of an existing TT property.Pro's*Gorgeous visuals and Sound*Just the right amount of Randomness vs. descion making*Each Clan feels and plays just different enough, but don't feel imbalenced.*Game takes 40-60 mins to play (vs computer), which is perfect for when u feel like playing something, but don't have time to get stuck into a big RPG or Snadbox game.*Multiplayer is fun.Cons*Multiplayer leaves you with long periods of jus waiting, At night phase you can't even see what the other stealthed players are up so, so bring a book.*No 'Hotseat' option. I'd love to sit and play in my PC with my wife taking turns, but just can't*The game has a few specific mechanics that you have to learn by trail and error or hit the wikia page - e.g the specifics of what Rot does at what level.*Limited chat options in Multiplayer are at times frustraiting.I love this game, and My mife does too."
76561198005176189,Recommended,290340,14402029,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Sushi,"If you're a fan of board games and RPGs, this is a must try, especially mage knight the board game, if you ever played that one, then this game has a lot of elements from it, but obviously simplified for everyone to get into.Everything from looks to art is great, except a minor thing which is the animations in battle seem a bit wonky/awkward, but that's just a preference.Now I understand they decided to limit a lot of deep elements of the genre to attract more people, but I do believe a few things need to be considered for the final release:1) A leveling system: Be it in game for the characters, they gain exp for killing enemies/heroes and when they level up they get to pick some character specific skills which they can use once per round etc.  Account level up to show progress of some sort and rewards such as skins or whatever, rather than just earning rings and whatnot.2) A better variety of enemies more than just a crow/ the option to be able to attack kings guards without the need for the kings orders to allow it.3) Introduce elements such as Fire shield or Ice attack which count as 2 swords and needs 2 blocks to block 1 ice attack and such, this might be a little too complex for the general public though.4) More maps, hopefully this is already being thought of/implemented.5) Like someone has suggested, even though the game has 4 routes to take to win the game, everyone ends up going for the prestige route because its the easiest and more beneficial way, they need to somehow balance to improve variety.6) Different game modes, cooperation between 4 players to fight against the map and conquer castles or such and the trickery spells etc could be used by the enemy minions, another one would be a two on two sort of match with the same elements.7) Allow us to buy recruits at cities or settlements with coins or magic depending on their type, seeing as leaving it to RNG doesn't really have a fun feeling to it.Overall this game is great and I'm quite excited to see it in its final form, but for now I think I'll give it a  rest until it's finished. Great job guys, unique experience."
76561198103241056,Not Recommended,290340,18049352,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Infinity,"At first glance, the game is all I want. Fantasy, boardgame, nice graphic, etc. However, the truth is the game can't really go far after I try it out.1. Lack of game content. Only one game mode except tutorial. With the mechanism and all the set-ups they should be able to come up with more.2. Poor multiplayer experience. No communication at all. That is killing a boardgame!3. Not balanced. The winning conditions and the characters are not well balanced.4. Extremly random. Luck decides everything.5. Tends to snowball. A 50%-chance bad start may totally destroy you whole game, not leaving you any chance if others not stupid.If the game is like a $10 small product I would like it much better."
76561198123414386,Recommended,290340,17936779,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Nikhail,Fun tactical game. Not a lot of experience playing yet but soon. seems fun has kept me entertained so far.
76561197969697034,Recommended,290340,17983468,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,OverlordNemesis,"This game is very easy to get addicted to.With the hopeful addition of more cards, more 'teams/player types' this game would be even better!With no 2 games the same, it take some thinking on how you want to play, based on the map and who you are up against.I highly recommend this game."
76561198044110464,Recommended,290340,17952629,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Calavontis,"Nice game.I like it.  A very good product of a designed based on hybridizing board/dice/card games with RPG / 4x-esque games.  It might be a bit too oversimplified, but deeper strategies do exist.My favorite part about the game (and the part in which I think it does the best) is its job of developing and presenting the theme.  The artwork, the lore, the presentation of the entire story (which is unforutnatly a bit short) was very well done.  The win conditions are all very fitting, from slaying the king in direct combat to submitt oneself to the corrupting Rot, it all goes with the lore very nicely.  At the end of each game you can pretty much imagine a tale written about what happened in the past 1 or 2 hour of gameplay, as the mechanic of the game trasnlates into a story smoothly.Now the gameplay in itself is not bad at all.  People say it is too luck dependent, but really it's just a factor you stratgize around.  The actual range of risk analysis isn't so big.  Sure, rollin 4 dice might sometime beat someone who is rolling 6, but that should be in your consideration of margin of risk and possiblity.  Engagment with dice differentiation of 4 or more is rarely unexpected.  Furthermore, the overall health of all the character is relatively low in comparsion too all the things that can kill you.  It's more often than not that both combatants just die from fighting than one guy winning purely due to chance.  The only thing that is bit too chancy is quests and spirit stones.  Although they normally don't change the outcome too much, it's a weird mechanic of odds with a payoff that doens't really makes much sense.In other words, the game has set a very good premise on this hybrid genre.  It has a good base, a great art form, phenomonial theme and lore.  All it needs is to expand on the mechanics, extend compaign story, rework the chance mechanics a little.  I hope they can pack a lot of more good content in a DLC or something, because otheriwse there would be little incentive to keep working on the same game.8/10 for novelty.  10/10 if you are big on thematic and artistic elements."
76561197996754375,Recommended,290340,17916893,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Skammunist Manifesto,S'purdy fun.
76561198155714516,Recommended,290340,17935287,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,whitehyena357,"In short: This is a charming game. It's fun, it's replayable, and it's nice to look at.But if you like reading longer reviews -Armello is a turn-based strategy roleplay game, built much like one would build a board game. In fact, I would go as far as to call this a, 'Virtual Boardgame'. The gameplay is exactly what you'd expect from that: Rolling dice, moving tiles, drawing cards, and collecting stuff, until you can claim victory, or the timer runs out. Gameplay is a bit repetitive, but you certainly don't play Monopoly because of the ways you can innovate. There are several ways to aquire victory; some of which are somewhat hard, and there are playstyles that show through that. It's very hard to secure a 'Rot' victory, but fairly easy to accumulate prestige, and simply wait the timer out.I really like the art style, and I am a big fan of the 'furry' theme. Don't worry, non-furs, there's no Yiffing here. It's visually appealing, and the music matches what's going on on the board very well, as well as helping to really immerse you in the game. Though, I wouldn't exactly say that the soundtrack alone is worth half the game's pricetag, (at a whopping $9.99 at the time of this review) it definitely helps my score. It's very moving, and flowing, and keeps a light-hearted tone until the grim of battle finds you for the first time.Overall, I have to give the game a 8/10, marred only by the steep pricetag, and a lack of a campaign."
76561197991610654,Recommended,290340,17952462,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Aceritas,"Its sad I cant share my actual Armello stories. Some of them have been pretty good.Pick one of 8 heroes, each from one of four clans. Wolf, Bear, Rat, or Rabbit. Chose the ring and amulet that will give them special, clan specific, bonuses. On top of the heroes unique ability. Then begin the quest to become King or Queen of Armello. The king will succumb to the Rot a little after a week. Depending on certain choices made before day 9. Or the king defeats a few would be heroes.Chose cards based on three types. Trickery, that may require gold, or prestiege. Magic, wich requires the magic resource to use. Or Items, requiring gold. Each type may also cause corruption. Corrupted weapons, magic, and trickery will cause the user to contract Rot. Becoming corrupted has its own benefits and drawbacks. And is one of the four ways to claim the throne. You could also win by being prestige leader. By combat. Or by spirit stone, and banish the king. Its never clear how you will win each game. Or who will ultimately become the next ruler of Armello.Positives:+ Nice artstyle+ Neat game and dice mechanics+ 4 different ways to win+ No two games play exactly alike+ Immersive music+ Procedurally generated maps, no two maps are exactly the same+ Interesting and animated cards+ Addicting, reminds me of hearthstone in a way+ Can still use cards, even if it isnt your turn+/- Luck plays a big part in some games, epic underdog wins happen.Negatives- Only 8 characters currently, the amount of heroes feels small- Maps only have one size & cannot be changed, currently- Games are short, only four-ish quests can be done before the king dies- No animation skips, you have to watch the AI's turns.- No team game modes. A Clan Vs. Clan would be fun, like the Rabbit Clan versus the Rat Clan.After playing for a few hours, I dont mind losing, the adventure, challenges, choices, chances, and rewards in each playthrough keep me hooked. Each game tells a story it feels like. And the music and art can get pretty immersive.And Im used to playing bloody metal shooters like Killing Floor2. Another good game, if you are wondering.Armello is great,Buy It/10"
76561197999538579,Recommended,290340,17978227,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Battousai the Memeslayer,"very creative and challenging, however i HATE the cloud cover that is almost impossible to see through when you scroll out to get a wider angle of the board. extremely irritating and pointless graphical feature."
,Recommended,290340,17988658,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Birb,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLL1lgO3AIQ&ab_channel=jf227ify
76561197966726298,Recommended,290340,18016625,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,£1qµ1Ð,its fun.
,Recommended,290340,33761854,Posted: 24 July,all,Caleb,im not a furry
76561198060397687,Recommended,290340,14380610,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Exshot,"Beuatiful and well thought out, Armello is a great game!"
,Recommended,290340,22871778,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Eaglenaut,"I bought this game in July 2015 because I liked the premise, but after a very confusing first try, didn't try the game again until today. I'm glad I did. This is the best Early Access game I've ever played; the development is active, the developers are constantly listening to the community, improving the game, and holding sessions to highlight changes and engage players."
76561198025906143,Recommended,290340,23104110,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,8-bit,"I expected a good game; I found a great game!+High replay value+Well balanced yet suited to various playstyles. There is no ""game-breaking"" OP combo.+Multiple paths to victory+Fun in single player; extraordinary in multiplayer+Gorgeous aesthetic+Everything you love about tabletop gaming, but enhanced!-Nada. Zip. Zilch.What's not to love? Oh, The Stranger is a bit annoying...but it's part of the challenge."
76561198119782293,Recommended,290340,23280164,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Dude Bro Man Guy,4 players are placed on a board and must fight to be the next king of Armello. Board game with dice and cards to play.
76561198026895691,Recommended,290340,25482378,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Shadow_Volkamon,One of the best games ever!
76561198140575895,Recommended,290340,25539671,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Feepis,"A very fun, immersive, in-depth game that has incredible longevity. You manipulate politics, tinker with magic, kill foes, loot dungeons, control towns, and way more. No two games is the same. There are plenty of refrences scattered about for you to find. There is a very game-of-thrones-feel to the game, which I love, but there are animals! If you love fantasy, animals, and board games, seriously pick this game up, because it is wildly entertaining."
76561197991426769,Recommended,290340,25645360,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,[EMPR] FH P3stil3nc3,"One of my favorite games of the last couple of years.  A super fun board game with a lot of fun cards and characters.  Art is also really fantastic, especially the card art.Note: A lot of random elements, so games can sometimes snowball in one direction or the other. Generally doesn't cause any loss of enjoyment, but you can get so far behind due to bad rolls sometimes that it stops being fun."
,Recommended,290340,26494318,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,T.Applesmith,"Great game, great developers, great community."
,Recommended,290340,29798046,Posted: 9 February,all,Chocolate Cheddar,It's like Civ Rev-Redwall and I'm in love with it.
76561197970646887,Recommended,290340,14469791,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Rubén,"Happy with this one, although it's impossible to play multiplayer due to the lack of games (people).I suppose that as the game becomes more well-known, servers would be more populated. In the meantime, you can practise with the IA to master the mechanics and all the cards.Looking forward to a new build with improved content, but so far this is a highly recommended game with great Artistic Direction. More like a digital boardgame."
76561198026298409,Recommended,290340,19590344,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Liberal Lion,"Armello is a fun fantasy game for when you want a little bit of whimsical escapism. That being said, the randomness combined with snowballing nature of the game can cause a lot of frustration."
,Recommended,290340,21070503,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,[POSH] Colistan,a very fun game that is much more enjoyable with friendsas a plus the game plays well and the art style is simply beautifultruly a good game to play for fun
,Recommended,290340,22920364,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,PandaB3rrr,Fun game!  Really brings a tabletop board game feel to a digital atmosphere.
76561198036956006,Recommended,290340,23298544,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Valhayla,"Love this game! it is a nice short strategy game. it is not difficult to get into and a lot of fun to try out different characters and play styles, i suggest trying them all (especially for the bonuses for doing so)"
76561198253185727,Recommended,290340,23308411,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,alex_duncan52,Armello is a fantastic game that is joy to play! Would recommend to anyone that wants to play a good game. Now if only my friends would get it. 9/10
,Recommended,290340,24146737,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Rumblefish,"It's a virtual board game. Beautifully made and perfect for when you're looking for a ~30 minute distraction. Interesting mechanics make it ""easy to learn, difficult to master""."
,Recommended,290340,24661469,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Enchilada,One of the best games I've ever layed
76561197997536070,Recommended,290340,24706374,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Agidemus,"Different, Tactical, Atmospheric, Variable, Brilliant."
,Recommended,290340,24809148,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Alexander,"great game but no longer supports 32 bit,"
,Recommended,290340,25065375,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Josh,"Simple, exciting. Has a few bugs though. Mostly Unity related."
,Recommended,290340,25271795,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,enzo,"Soo i've played the tutorial, and i have to say, im impressed, i feel like im playing a board game, the concept is quiet nice and its easy to play ..i recommend playing with friends."
,Recommended,290340,26122178,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,BlueManedWolf,"A really fun tabletop-simulator like game with furry people fighting eachother to be royalty.If you're a furry, you should get this game. If you're not a furry, you should still get this game.The lore of the world is fun, the quests and the spells are engaging, and if you have friends this is a fun game to play on a Saturday night on voice chat."
,Recommended,290340,26180632,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,RIP HOKYA,NICE GAME N GOOD GRAPHIC
,Recommended,290340,26708264,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,temeeeez,One of my favorite games right now. The art and animation in the cards are beautiful and so is the world of Armello. Gameplay is very simple too and I would definetly recommend to anyone as a fan of tabletop games. Great for a group of friends as well!
,Recommended,290340,26727214,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Lord Fluffykins IV of His Name,"I haven't played any multiplayer games yet, so bear that in mind. The concept is super fun and well excuted, along with a gorgeous art style. The gameplay is really solid except for one major thing. The AI is absolutely attrocious. I played a game where one of the AI literally handed me the victory by reducing their own prestige and making me leader the turn before the king died of rot.I still reccomend it, but from now on I'm probably gonna be sticking to multiplayer."
,Recommended,290340,26731967,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Post Shalom,"Awesome game by awesome developers. Bugs aside, hope you guys keep polishing and updating the game with new content be it visual or gameplay mechanics in the near future, more board skins, profile and hero's customisation, new cards, local co-op and maybe even new gameplay modes to spice up the gameplay.5/5 would reccomend especially with friends."
,Recommended,290340,26733130,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,St_Winter,"Something about this game just feels magical, it reminds me of movies like Secret of Nimh and Robin Hood! I normally don't really care for card games or turn based games but this game is just special. The animated cards, the characters and world; so much about this game that I love and want more of.If you have just a little interest in any of the genres this game covers, check this game out or at least do yourself a favor and watch their animated trailers!Some things I hope for later would be maybe a more campaign driven singleplayer, like now on how it feels each play through is your own personal story but just more in depth (picking different responses, meeting new characters, learning how the king got infected or maybe some one organized it to dethrone the king, etc) Also, I can't help but want a map that's more diverse, where the trees are mix together, some towns are huge or harbers over lakes, rivers running through, huge forts to sway a duke to your favor.Either way, this game is amazing and worth a buy in my opinion!"
,Recommended,290340,26736722,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,PENDING,"For a while I couldn't figure out how to get this game started, but learned it was because I had special characters in my name.  After their recent patch, I went back to having my exclamations and question marks to show enthusiasm.  Thanks Disney.Oh and the game is fun too.  Very strategic."
,Recommended,290340,26740354,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,TheMightyCthulhu,"If you enjoy board games (not Monopoly or Risk, but real board games), you'll enjoy Armello. It reminds me a bit of a simplified Mage Knight (board game) or Runebound. It's addictive good fun, so long as you don't mind random elements like card draws and dice rolls. If you go into the game appreciating it for what it is, and not expecting every element to be skill based, you'll have a blast. I don't think it's fare to give the game negative reviews simply because you didn't know what it was going into it.While there are random elements to the game you have no control over, there is still a large amount of strategy and skill. From hex movement and board control, to skillful usage of card playing and 'burning' cards in combat, to equipping your character before and during the game... there is a lot to it.The animated 2D art is absolutely fantastic - the cards and the (too few) cut scenes are beautiful, the 3D board itself is fairly meh. The character designs are great (I'm especially fond of River's design and Sana's design), and their implimentation in 3D is the best aspect of the 3D elements of the game.I would recommend the game to anyone that enjoys colourful art, doesn't mind spending an hour or an hour and a half playing a game based roughly 50/50 on skill and chance, and that likes board games."
,Recommended,290340,27818424,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,pseudosanct,this game is best when you play 1 or 2 rounds at a time.
,Recommended,290340,29330666,Posted: 17 January,all,korofel,Love this game! :)
,Recommended,290340,29530552,Posted: 27 January,all,rin,"A nice relaxing board game, may or may not make/break friendships."
,Recommended,290340,29637152,Posted: 1 February,all,Poduma,Great game! Basically Redwall+Game of Thrones+Settlers of Catan! 10/10
,Recommended,290340,29704719,Posted: 4 February,all,Luew,i was a rat. 11/10 ign
,Recommended,290340,29707434,Posted: 4 February,all,E I G H T Y S I X,Nice game!
76561198088066831,Not Recommended,290340,29743644,Posted: 6 February,all,El Carlanco,"Change ""Turn-Based STRATEGY"" for ""Turn Based Luck"". Cards, attacks, salvation, missions, everything is based on luck, and your stats don't do nothing.Rounds are excessive long, you can't skip or Fast Forward the dice roll animation."
,Recommended,290340,29955918,Posted: 15 February,all,sgwrist,"Get this game, then try to get ROT >:)"
76561198072804448,Recommended,290340,30078537,Posted: 21 February,all,Aswarth,"Pros:-good art design-easy to learn and play-funny game with local friends because RNG can make everyone has chance to win in rediculous way possible-improve planning thinking skillCons:-highly RNG dependent game, u can lost in single turn even u have advantage whole game. so not recommend for easily hot head or play-to-win player. dont take it too serious when play this game-less variety of hero ability and cards after play 15-20 game u will know all things in game-problem with disconnection"
,Recommended,290340,30562146,Posted: 16 March,all,Dahg,"This is a very well balanced, very fun digital board game. I mean really, it has just the right amount of complexity and interaction to make this fun for anyone that just can't get enough tabletop games!The only thing I can't agree with is the pricing on their DLC, which is a bit higher than reasonable. I mean, maybe they priced it with the knowledge that Steam is going to throw it on 75% pretty quick, so just wait until that happens."
76561198173233886,Recommended,290340,30576627,Posted: 17 March,all,Chariot_Rider,I would like to start this review by saying that I really like Armello and I would highly reccomend it.  However it sad to see so many reviews complaining that Armello is too random and unfair.  This claim is not true however.  Yes Armello has random elements but the entire game becomes a game of calculating and controlling odds. I actually wrote a iin depth essay on the Armello forums about the nature of the randomness in Armello and how it actually is a very good system and makes the game much more interesting.  Here is a link to that post.http://leagueofgeeks.com/forums/index.php?topic=3043.0In short I highly reccomend this game but if you are really concerned about the randomness read the forum post I made.
76561197970899770,Not Recommended,290340,31989225,Posted: 26 May,all,Rocketdog,"I found this game to be very imbalanced.There are multiple win conditions, but one, 'Prestige' rises to the top by playing relatively passively. The other win conditions take an inordinate amount of resources: moves, time, cards, die, etc..., when compared to 'Prestige' - you do not have to invest as much; just finish your quest, maybe kill a couple on-board enemies, and you're set to win, as the other methods are very difficult, relatively speaking.You may see people refer to certain strategies by using certain characters; i.e. ""Thane - get items, equip shields"" to achieve non-Prestige victories, and yes, you can win that way - but it does not offset the other types of investment you have to do against a Prestige win, and it difficult to do repeatedly with the randomness of cards, deck swapping, losing cards etc...Further, adopting these strategies effectively make half the roster of characters useless, as you are actively choosing to select a character that you will inherently do worse with. So at the end of the day, you have a game with 4 real choices when 16 are presented.Basically, this is not as deep of a game as it appears. It is too bad. It looks great. I love the feel. The systems are nice, but not tuned very well. Buyer beware."
76561198002803833,Recommended,290340,32617920,Posted: 21 June,all,Arachnid,Great digital board game. Takes the good concepts of Talisman and implements modern mechanics for an engaging experience. Regular content updates and DLC keep things fresh even after multiple plays.
76561198062270792,Recommended,290340,32643148,Posted: 22 June,all,Skogfisk,"Best with friends, beautiful art style, some bugs and Dev keeps updating even of its only minor updates. Dlc is a little pricey but not needed especially if playing with friends who own it an AI, although I felt they were worth it."
,Recommended,290340,24034310,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Yui's Foot,"Beautiful game, beautiful soundtrack, easy to run on ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computers, but one thingHardly any rule 34 -420/10"
,Recommended,290340,25269022,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Skyevil,"Very fun game. Has a bit of a learning curve, but after a few games you will be having so much fun that time will seem to fly by.Get this especially if you are a fan of boardgames and turn based games.P.S.Do yourself a favour and play with AI quick turns enabled, to save yourself some time!"
76561198331458511,Recommended,290340,25585106,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,baba looey,I advise everyone! best board game! anyone play with me:3
76561198078413692,Recommended,290340,26737269,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,RØn1n,Game of Thrones but furry version
,Recommended,290340,20949597,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Gamerwolfseven,I played this game so many times. Wish there was a sequal.
76561198002731932,Recommended,290340,21019878,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,The Shogun of Sorrow,This is the best game I've played in a very long time.
76561198142189717,Recommended,290340,23333375,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,MakeItSo,"I love playing table top games but don\'t have a good, steady group right now, so I haven\'t played anything in a while. Armello definitely fills that need. I love it. There was a bit of a learning curve (I\'m a fan of learning as you play, which sort of didn\'t work here) but I picked it up relatively quickly and I\'m making my way through the achievements. I\'d recomend this for anyone who likes playing traditional board games, enjoys cute animal animations, and any turn-based strategy fan. I really cannot stress how much I love this game."
,Recommended,290340,29176623,Posted: 10 January,all,SPOOKYHAND,"its a very solid board game, more often than not the game is fun even in a losing scenario"
76561198065685964,Not Recommended,290340,31144571,Posted: 14 April,all,Psinewbie,"Is this game fun? Well yes.The reason I'm down voting this game is the slimy practices of the company after gathering a fanbase. DLC City, this is something I would expect from EA or Activision but not from a indie company. So I bought the game before the DLC swarm started, it was fun it was quick and the Devs seem to care about the customer.Since the last update, the Dev have slowed up on the release of new characters that were promised (The backer faction if I remember correctly.) and every new release is a poor reskin of a character or new dice. The dice are nice but effectively boring after first roll.This practice leaves a bad taste in my mouth and pretty much ruined my enjoyment of this game. The game still has a ton of bugs when it comes to multiplayer so thats a thing that is barely addressed in favor of more skins. I will never buy another game this company puts out after my experiences, fool me once I guess.TL;DRThe company made it's money so ♥♥♥♥ the people who invested early and wanted more cards/features instead of pallet swapped skins that cost almost half as much as the original game. Save your money and get another game, it's only going down hill from here."
76561198118335640,Recommended,290340,31409332,Posted: 27 April,all,LuxAlienis,"Don't get me wrong, this game is fun. But if you don't have friends who have it do NOT get it. It's one of those games where multiplayer is super boring if playing with strangers and extremely fun if you play with friends."
76561198012570858,Recommended,290340,25382785,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,AQuietVoice,"I really want to watch this to be a cartoon series and if it already is, let me know!"
,Recommended,290340,26681902,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Order of Merlin,very well done digital board game.
,Recommended,290340,19492890,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,VoX,"I actually find it pretty fun, and can say through first-hand experience that there are ALOT of times where you'll be saying to yourself: ""Just one more turn!""... only for you to find yourself trying to quit 4 day/night cycles later.Kinda sad there's no localized play. Hot-Seat games could be a fun addition later down the road, as most 4X strategy games do - though the game could become considerably much longer than it already is.Animations are great, the few cutscenes there are for the intros are something to watch and make you wish there was a movie or something.Definitely a recommended for anyone who enjoys a good board game that doesn't take you as long as a game of RIsk,  but is quite alot longer than a game of Life.8/10 - can't wait for more heroes, maybe new maps and a few new game-types/win-conditions."
76561197985589039,Recommended,290340,20954143,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,WHOOLEE,"What a nice surprise this game is, the art and style and the whole visuals throughout are simply stunning.I have not played much so far but what i have played looks very interesting, the game is just gorguess.I would definetly say get this, but dont expect a 4x, this is a digital boardgame."
76561198022567821,Recommended,290340,34475151,Posted: 24 August,all,Gorem,"Friendly game, friendly people. Very first game met some good players who were great to play with, even gave me 3 commendations on my 2nd place loss :)Guess its because I made them laugh a lot considering I died the most of all of us and my incredible bad luck. Still, I love taking risks!Games great fun, has faults, but if you enjoy it.. you will really enjoy it. Games f2p right now, give it a go, if you like it, you won't regret the time spent! :DCan win even when having lost the entire match, rng can be kind or horible, key thing is...Even with bad luck, its still enjoyable.P.S. word of advice, if you like the game, buy the collectors edition when it comes on sale, then the game has no true dlc and you have everything unlocked for the cheapest price. At 32 Dollars, it can still be pretty cheap for many hours of content."
,Recommended,290340,14169782,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Ender424,Really impressed with what I have seen so far.  Love the animations  and variety of  cards.  Love the board game style of play.   Excited to see what is coming up.
76561198032386971,Recommended,290340,15175605,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,rigsby,"As someone who rarely purchases games, I am very pleased that I decided to invest in Armello.The whole game oozes charm and elegance with lovely graphics and a flowing soundtrack that fits perfectly with the mood of the moment. It features some old ideas but executes them so that they feel new and original.The game can be played straight from the box but, as the player gets more involved, the various strategies and mechanics become clearer. Do you strive for strength in close combat or opt for tiptoeing around the world, searching for spirit stones, and using long-range tactics to shatter your opponents?I love the way this game has been designed. It has the power to immerse and captivate you with plenty of variation and scope for future expansion. Each of the heroes provide a different approach to winning the game and can be further defined by completing quests and obtaining a wide range of useful objects like armour, spells and follower companions. The element of luck and random outcomes makes every game different and entertaining.If you enjoy employing your brain, I think you'll really like Armello!"
76561198025301143,Recommended,290340,15243339,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,GoshanX,"I've always been a board game fan, and had both high expectations and trepidation walking into Armello. Would the RPG element be complete enough? Would the game be deep enough in a one hour play through? Would it be exciting enough to get me to play it over and over?  More importantly, would I ever choose to play Armello when I could otherwise play Settlers of Catan or Dominion on my kitchen table?The answer is YES, to all of these questions.The RPG element is too downplayed to really be called ""RPG"". It is more ""inspired by"" RPG. The closest thing I can think of to it is Munchkin—the RPG parody. Yes, you go around and get treasures and equip weapons, but the real reason for doing this is to get a strategic advantage, not just to make yourself more badass. The advantages are sufficient that you are encouraged to quest not because the quest is interesting (it's not) but because if you can complete it, you'll be one step farther than your opponents to achieving late game dominance.In terms of game mechanics and win conditions, the latest update, Engines of Fate, has greatly improved the chances that trying for another victory condition other than a prestige (points) victory could nab you the win. Better, even if they don't, trying for another victory condition could give you the advantage you need in the late game to lock down a prestige victory as a fall back. It is this full-game strategy that makes Armello worth playing. Once the full version is released, I expect that this to be an extremely replayable game, and a refreshing change from most turn-based video games like Civilization that take most of a day or longer to play."
,Recommended,290340,15348666,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,BearShades,Fun and simple game that is worth the buy
,Recommended,290340,15461158,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,The Dude,"I've played Armello for about 5 hours now almost exclusively in multiplayer and I've had a lot of fun with it so far. The gameplay is very good and well structured, although it does require some more balancing. It's much much easier to win by prestige amount than any other way. As soon as that's balanced a little more, this game is a pearl among rocks I would recommend to everyone.Technically I've only had issues with the game not registering my graphics card correctly and thereby forcing me to play in lowest quality, but as it's on an Early Access state, that's more than understandable at this point.I've had great experiences with this so far and can't wait to see what's in store for the final version. Keep up the good work!"
76561197992171864,Recommended,290340,16233310,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Docsis,"A computer version of a board game, that doesn't exist.I really like this game. For an early access, it is VERY polished. The ONLY bug I have had is that it crashes whenever I exit the game. Every single time. Not a big deal, since it only happens when I am finished playing and quitting anyway.The early access doesn't have any tutorial, so I had to do some digging on the forums and youtube videos to figure out how to play. But once you figure it out, it is alot of fun to play.I haven't had a chance to play online yet. It seems no one else is wanting to play multiplayer whenever I try to... I hope more folks get the game so that this wont' be an issue when it goes v.1 live. The AI is pretty good, but I do see it make some stupid mistakes sometimes.Great game. I can't wait to see what all they add as time goes on."
76561197973589694,Recommended,290340,16316584,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,MightyFox,"There are already plenty of reviews stating what this game is, so I'll skip that part. The real question is, is it enjoyable, and the answer is a resounding yes. Is it worth 25 USD? Well...Being early access there are still a few kinks I feel the game needs to work out, but the developers are constantly tweaking the game to make it as fair for all players and strategies as possible. New characters can currently be previewed in game and on the forums, so the current four are certainly not the end all, and more content and game modes are still being worked on. Multiplayer is operating, though it's currently easier to schedule a time with friends than wait for a public match. Single player is still a hoot though, and will keep you busy for hours as you try and achieve the different win conditions for in-game rewards that can be used in multiplayer matches. Artwork and design is also stunningly beautiful. For what's there, 25 may seem a little steep, but for what's promised, 25 is well worth it."
76561198070756991,Recommended,290340,19270372,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Urocyon,"IN 1 TURN: (multiplayer)As River, started in Clan Grounds, teleported past a Bane, entered Castle, defeated a Guard, took Red Hot Wine (+1 move) and assaulted the King!River and the King battled long and hard, but at last River prevailed... only to die next to her fallen liege.Badass King is Badass.10/10"
,Recommended,290340,19666523,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Hypebeast,Fricking shoot me
,Recommended,290340,22820637,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,「R-B NUBBS」,"Awesome music, amazing art, it's fun to play for just 20 minutes or for hours on end. If you like board games and/or RPGs, I'd say buy it."
,Recommended,290340,22987050,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,chrynoble,Quite a bit of fun. Enough strategy to enjoy the game several times over.
76561197993548532,Not Recommended,290340,35120298,Posted: 21 September,all,Crowley,"Graphics are nice. Tutorial is great, very clever intro to story, characters and mechanics.Shame success or failure is heavily dependent on RNG and has compulsory multi-player unlocks.I'd just like to say, ♥♥♥♥ every game that has compulsory multi-player unlocks."
76561198037844182,Recommended,290340,15049062,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Giadrome77,very very good gameand the finished version is very good i have never seen any game like this and its worth every penny
,Recommended,290340,15227137,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Total War Lion,"Let me give you the TL;DR first for those of you wanting a quick review.Excellent game, beautiful graphics, challenging and fun. The price tag is acceptable for the gameplay presented (and I'm incredibly picky about price vs. quality). Oh, and I ran this on a painfully bad laptop and it still looked and ran flawlessly.Cons: for those who button mash, jump blindly into things or have no patience, you're going to have a steep learning curve ahead of you because the game requires strategy. No compendium of spells/items/trickeries for review and future planning (though this does give the game an element of think-on-your-feet strategy).Final ruling: Worth buying, especially for the multiplayer.Now, let me go into a bit of a lengthier review, I'm reviewing this game while it is in-dev, and while I usually don't leave a review, I feel that I should definitely give this game some credit and accolades. First off, beautiful game, as I said before. I ran this game on a computer that failed to meet two of the specs in the initial screen and it still ran without a single hitch and lag so minor that itmaybeadded on 10 seconds to my overall game. What I'm getting at here is that the game is incredibly user friendly.In playing the game through with each of the characters once, their traits are balanced so that you have a fair chance to win with each character, though you still have to win with strategy, as blindly rushing the king will more than likely help your opponent achieve victory. Took me a second to realize that to activate cards I had to drag and hold, but after I realized this I also came to the conclusion that whoever made this mechanic is a lovely person who didn't want us to have to click yes in an 'Are you sure you want to do this?' popup box hundreds of times.I'll give further review as the game develops and adds in new features, but for an in-dev and early access game, it already has me quite happy and eagerly awaiting further releases."
76561198050670947,Recommended,290340,19848970,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Mister Savage,"All I wish to say is, freaking Rat Clan combos."
,Not Recommended,290340,20922342,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,XAngel,"This game looks amazing, but It won't starts on Linux. There's a lots of others players asking for help for the same reason. Until they fix it, It's better that you know. I't may NOT run on Linux."
76561198072611838,Recommended,290340,22965305,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,nva1285,"if you like game such as Heartstone, this game will be for you"
76561198068720596,Recommended,290340,23079013,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,TanukiSoup,"Accidently played for 2 hours on first launch, so I'd say it's pretty good. Also you can be a rat."
76561198060634702,Recommended,290340,15311283,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,naxisneok,"I love where this game is going. Though I sometimes wish my games where longer, I enjoy the challenge that this game gives me. I always wonder what my opponents will be doing next. I can't wait until more characters are brought in and look forward to having more opponents."
,Recommended,290340,17936114,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Blenjamin,A fun boardgame-like strategy game with interesting mechanics and a enchanting atmosphere. Now that it is out of early access there is definetly enough content to make this worth your time and money.
,Recommended,290340,25269213,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Big Sir,It's loads of fun and allows for deep decision making. It's easy to pick up and play but the truly skilled players are always able to get ahead.
76561198121203990,Recommended,290340,19579206,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,arschy,"Not what I expected, but I had a lot of fun ( the devs were really nice too )."
76561198080742137,Recommended,290340,34978790,Posted: 15 September,all,TIE Phantom,"the game premise, play style and art are all amazing.Only problem is lack of story, hope they add or fix that soon.8.5/10"
76561198031002752,Recommended,290340,22527091,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,BunkyBrowns,Love to play this game with friends.
76561198032133481,Recommended,290340,32404368,Posted: 13 June,all,geophat75,Very fun game.  Both single player against the AI or with friends or with random people online its been an overall great experience.  I feel its $20 price is fair but if it goes on sale do not hesitate to pick it up.  The games are the perfect length for me (30 minutes to an hour) depending on how fast/slow I and other people play.  But when you finish you just want to play again.
,Recommended,290340,20635704,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,[OSG] DJ Snowfang,This game is a must have.
,Recommended,290340,20387099,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Sip Your Friendos,My dad said if i won enough games of armello he would love me once again 10/10 would play more
76561198238535640,Recommended,290340,23505350,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,⊰¢я♡zу ๖ۣۜCαи∂у,Great Game!!
,Recommended,290340,30071773,Posted: 20 February,all,Almanac,"Armello's a fantastic game. Strategy combined with beautiful art, characters, soundtrack makes for an excellent and well balanced game. I've got over 300 hours under my belt and I'm sure I'll have many more, as it always keeps me challenged. I love this game and have a lot to say about it, so if you want to read a full review check it out here:https://gamersalmanac.com/2017/02/18/swa-armello/"
,Recommended,290340,23015943,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,RonMySon,The treachery levels are glorious.
,Recommended,290340,23014166,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Mr. President,"""RED-WALL!!!"" ""EULALIA!!!"" ""BLOOD 'N' VINEGAR!!!""""WINTER IS COMING!""Ahem... anyway...The introduction video is pretty self explanatory. Four players with unique heroes navigate a perilous hexagon tiled board in their quest to succeed the Rotten Lion King.There are three ways to win as of Aug 30 2016; have the most Prestige when the King dies, slay the King and survive the battle, or collect four Spirit Stones and engage the King to use them. A ""fourth"" option is to have collected a higher Rot count than the King and slay him in battle.Every day in the game is two turns, Day and Night. Each turrn you draw cards, your Wit stat determines your total cards in hand. The game is played by spending Gold, Magic etc on these cards to affect yourself, other players and the tiles of the board.Battle uses dice to determine hits and misses. They are six sided but use symbols unique to Armello. The effects upon your characters determine the number of die you cast and buffs and penalties to your rolls.All in all a fun and addictting board game.I like it because you can be helped or destroyed by chance at almost anytime. I've been in last place and won the game in one turn more than once... and vice versa.Perfect game to play when you want to eat too.... Now playing it makes me hungry..."
76561198140059577,Not Recommended,290340,25156935,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,White Mage,"Hmmm... How do I explain this.. Armello is a beautiful and creative game based apon slaying the king and taking the throne. Filled with Dark creatures, dungeons, and clever enemies. Armello is honestly a great game. I do however have a few problems with it. I suppose my view on this game is slightly altered since I havent played with friends. And this game is and isnt my taste.1. I suppose I didnt look enough into the gameplay, For I thought there were different maps. Yeah the map is randomized for what landscape goes where. But I feel that the map is a bit too small and bland for what this game costs and is styled with. Of course, This game IS styled as a BOARD game.2. This game is almost exactly like an actual board game. Therefor there isnt really any story to it (Prologue was actually pretty cool in my opinion)Of course, there are plenty of things I found cool, Such as rewards for winning with ____ race or winning in a certain fashion.If you arent looking for this type of game, and are looking for a more conquesty game. Check out Heroes of might and Magic ( I dont mean to advertise... sorry )"
,Not Recommended,290340,25058601,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Lady Santa,"Armello is a beautiful game.I love beauty, I love board games. I really wanted to love Armello.And I kind of did. I enjoyed playing it. At first, it's fun, it's pretty.But the game also made me feel somewhat... betrayed?I won't talk about the gameplay itself, as you can find a lot of info about it in other reviews. You may or may not like it, it's personal preference. I found it.. decent.Let's go over a few things I didn't like about the game.The Art and StoryThe game is beautiful, yes. But the trailers oversell it. It shows animated scenes, stories. None of that is in the actual board game. You won't see any of it in a game. Look at the screenshots of a game being played, and this is what you get. No animated cut scenes, no story, nothing like that.The UIIt's just bad, and clunky. The game isn't Early Access, it should be polished. Navigating the map is annoying.The PriceI think that's my biggest issue with the game, and why I felt 'betrayed'.The game is fun, yes. However, I don't think it's worth that price. Yes, yes, a lot of work has been put into it, no doubt.But I feel like the devs are just milking us for money. Yeah, they're friendly, they host little games on twitch among themselves in which you can watch them play, and hear them discuss the game and future updates.But instead of releasing good content (that the game REALLY needs to justify this pricetag), or having awesome promotions to get a bigger player base (that this game also REALLY needs, by the way), I've seen lots of things like trying to get their fans to pay an extra $5 to subscribe to them on twitch, just to have a cool colored die.Or releasing extra content that you have to pay for, on top of the big price tag the base game already has.It feels like they're milking their small group of loyal fans' money instead of making the game grow and getting new fans After all, who wants to pay that price just to try a board game? There was one free weekend, which was a decent start, but that's it.But they should really be making the base game MUCH cheaper (free, even), and then creating more dice and character skins, even emotes or whatever, as DLC material. I think that would be a much better recipe for success than having an expensive base game AND releasing costly DLCs.The game needs WAY more content - right now, you get tired of it fast (at least I did). New maps, new cards, new characters - and I don't think we should be paying extra for that... we already don't get enough for the base price. Just release more base content that players don't have to pay extra for, and the game will be way more interesting.Then release skins and extra cosmetics, people will definitely pay for it if the game grows.Conclusion / TLDRI feel like there's not enough content to justify the price tag.The game is beautiful while also being clunky.There aren't that many people playing it, it's sometimes hard to find a game, and I feel it will just die down. A lot of it, I believe, has to do with the business model of it."
76561198074305337,Not Recommended,290340,29578381,Posted: 29 January,all,ITSYOU!,"Armelo is a trap. Like many games it's looks like there's a lot of possibilities. But that'S not true. The dice decide the game. That's it.  Everything else is luck. So my advice is...don't try too hard, you'r efforts are not rewarded.Go for the cheap victoryGot more prestige than anyone? it's the endgame soon? just go hide in clangrounds and you'll be untargetable. Go out to cast spell and return before your turn end.Cheap victory nobody has fun everyone hates you.  BUT HEY YOU WON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198085101720,Not Recommended,290340,29018599,Posted: 4 January,all,Seia,"As of right now, I can not recommend playing this game if you intend on playing multiplayer without friends. If you do, you will find yourself grouped up on during the majority of your games, leaving you with nothing but boredom and frustration.It's too bad as this game IS a fun and great game, but playing against only the AI becomes lackluster quickly and the multiplayer community is fully of groups who work together to pick apart solo players."
,Recommended,290340,14121433,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Sydnas sloot,this game is straight up ball'n! is like an adorable board game with cards and bunnys and killing!
,Not Recommended,290340,28800215,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Spicy Boi,"I did find the game quite fun as i played with a friend, however, it doesnt feel like it fits the pricetag. The game boils down to a somewhat simplistic RNG board game that, for me anyways, became old and same-y after the first 15 games. I hate to give it a bad review, because what i found with this game I did like quite well, but I cant shake the feeling that I payed $20 for something that is forever stuck in beta."
,Not Recommended,290340,30015135,Posted: 18 February,all,Steve The Sergal,"I mean, I like the gameplay, but at this point the devs are more interested in skins than actual gameplay upgrades. It's like playing a free to play board game, but for 20 dollars."
76561198002412266,Not Recommended,290340,34056982,Posted: 6 August,all,cellec,"1) Paywall for most of the content.2) Cheating AIThe game is all about prestige rat-run, which is obtained mostly in-battle. Fighting classes are outstanding.I regret I have paid for Armello"
76561198066954202,Not Recommended,290340,23078437,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,abielf,"As an avid board gamer, I was very excited to buy Armello. And after playing through six games of it, I'm ready to give it aresounding.....meh?It's pretty, with a nice soundtrack, but the actual game is surprisingly boring. I feel like I'm playing some kind of really well skinned yahtzee clone.It reminds me of talisman, with a faster ending. If you like that game, you'll probably enjoy this a lot.For anyone expecting a game with any level of strategic thinking.....prepare to be disappointed."
76561198030728262,Not Recommended,290340,24002154,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Vassili07,"Overall good graphics and a solidly built game, but with that said it dosen't offer enough to keep you interested. Played for a few hours now wish I wouldn't have bought. For what I paid I feel like i should have gotten more out of the game.Pros:Good graphicspolished buildCons:No replayabilityCost"
76561198202052629,Recommended,290340,23560618,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,irnins,its good♥♥♥♥♥♥fam
76561198013816316,Recommended,290340,25210836,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,BloominNinja,"I wanted to be a dirty rat, they had a dirty rat, so I picked him, and he complemented my dirty rat playstyle... 11/10 still enjoying my enemies salted tears seasoning my conquest"
,Recommended,290340,14442961,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,RiotRabit,Beautiful graphics and way more addicting than I was expecting!
,Recommended,290340,24705720,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,~Falcon64~,Boardgamey.
76561198150577520,Recommended,290340,25216331,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Whion,"This is the dream of every furry out there.10/10, would be an animal again - IGN"
,Recommended,290340,14139790,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Oliver Wood,"Amazing game, it's like game of thrones but with animals"
76561197989446002,Not Recommended,290340,23124394,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,lemonpips,"AI is very poor. As many have aready written, you can sit back, quest, gain prestige, and easily win the game. It's not a terrible game, just a bit boring."
,Recommended,290340,17850245,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Narkulus,"Edit: Originally not recommended, it was borderline. After many plays, the game is in fact a lot of fun to play and the characters add a lot of variety. My gripes with the game still stand though, some crazy RNG, user interface issues, lack of options, easy AI, slow pace with no current way to disable animations.Here are the selling points from the store page and my breakdown of said features.◘ Easy to Play but Hard to Master - Armello is an intuitive game, easy to pick up and experience but with deep and emergent strategy. Full release will include a tutorial mode.Emergent strategy basically means that there is no long term strategy, things change from turn to turn, a new card draw with less than stellar cards means you may have to try and burn them off rather than continuing to your quest marker so maybe you'll get a better draw next time. The card draw is one of my biggest gripes in the game. There are a lot of different cards in the deck, so you can never really plan on what you want to do with your character based on equipment and spell cards, you just have to develop a new plan based on each draw. I wish the game gave you a little more control over the card draw.◘ Fast & Thoughtful - Adventuring in Armello is fast-paced fun but filled with deadly tactical and politically complex decisions requiring careful forethought and planning.The pace is simply not fast, you have to wait for your opponents to finish their turn and it takes forever. You can occasionally play some cards off turn, but it's rare. Planning is thrashed by card RNG, if it works against you, your opponents will quickly outpace you in stats and equipment. Poltical descisions are not complex at all and you basically choose between a or b, prestige in the game is relatively easy to get.◘ Multiple Playable Heroes - Full release will include 8 playable Heroes. Each unique Hero possess a special power, stat line and Ai personality. Also heroes can be customised with Amulet and Signet Ring load-outs to match your play style or counter an opponents strategy.Fair enough.Edit: I didn't elaborate, but characters are all very different and require different tactics. My favorite to play at the moment is Amber (dungeon RNG reducer) . Upcoming Bandit Clan DLC will also add to the variety with new characters and different buffs.◘ Dynamic Sandbox - Armello features a gorgeous dynamic world which procedurally generates a new map each and every game, complete with a dynamic quest system ensuring no two games of Armello are ever the same.I don't feel like the quest system was very well fleshed out. Pick the stat you want, travel to get it, a random dice roll risk if you want a little extra.Random map generation does not really help replayability because of the small map size and a small handful of different tiles, I feel a larger map with increased action points and more tile variety would have been more immersive. I feel like I travel the same tiles, and take the same route over and over.◘ Turn-Based Day & Night Cycle - Armello features a fuzzy turn-based system, cycling between Day and Night phases. The fuzzy turns allow you to still play cards and do certain actions when its not your turn, and when it is you use Action Points to move around the hex board.I wish there was more to do when it's not your turn, this is less of a problem late game though as players begin to rush the palace.◘ World Class Music & Audio - By Michael Allen, internationally acclaimed artist Lisa Gerrard, Stephan Schutze and Jacek Tuschewski.The audio is outstanding.◘ Animated Cards - Armello will feature over a 120+ beautifully animated in-game Cards, from artists all over the world.They do look nice. No complaints.Edit: The game is truly gorgeous to look at, I mentioned it in my ea review, but didn't mention it here,  the all around atmosphere of Armello is near perfection for a game, I don't think there are many games in my library that come close.◘True Tabletop Feel - We spent months making sure we cherry-picked the best parts of the tabletop experience, like our custom physics-based dice!There are some things that are not consistent with a tabletop feel.  During a King's decree, the camera locks and I can't even scroll the board. I want to look at my card descriptions while trying to figure out a quest, nope, not happening. The devs have reduced the fog in the game for better visibility, but I just want to zoom out more and see the whole board at once, but the devs are obsessed with the artistic atmosphere and zoom is nerfed.Multiplayer makes the game a little more fun, as the AI is not great and makes some puzzling decisions, but the pace slows even more and it's agony if you've fallen behind.For me, Armello could have had some more strategic choices (especially card draw mechanics) and less battling with the RNG.  I do play quite a bit because RNG games have a place in my library. I will also continue to play in the hope of seeing some improvements, but I'm afraid this is the devs final vision (except for some tweaking) and it's not gonna change much."
,Recommended,290340,25241707,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Fdruid,"Diverse, deep enough, with a great presentation, this is a must for fans of board games.The only criticism I have is that it's designed so that you can't play it with others in the same PC, taking turns in ""hotseat"" mode. That would have made it the perfect game for me. But well, I understand that acting on other players' turns is important for the flow of the game as it was designed.I can't wait to play it with friends online!"
76561198009162339,Recommended,290340,25237795,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,dsimmons0602,"Very fun game. Using the story with animals gives it a nice Mice & Mystics feel. I love the confined map forcing you to interact and battle. The touches of animation and effects are awesome and I wish more turn based games showed these little touches. For, example some of the cards have ongoing animation in them while they sit on your board. The smoke and clouds over the lands add a nice touch as well.You can tell these developers love their universe and game. Good job and I would highly recommend."
76561198021269544,Not Recommended,290340,34136919,Posted: 9 August,all,Markys,"I would have liked to recommend this game, but I can't.Its beauitful, but I dont feel like it's actually a game, more of a glorifide dice gambling time waster, and I cant get over my suspicion that the ""rng"" in this game is messing with the actual probablilites to prevent you from progressing in any given game too fast.Also there is no spirit of cooperation in mulitplayer unless you already are grouped with your friends; players that are outside a premade will get picked on by that premade making your match pretty horrible.And this is all to say nothing of the microtransactions.If you like gambling, you might like this, but otherwise it will get borring and fustrating fast."
,Recommended,290340,23062701,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Sávio Viana,Everything in this game is great..the only thhing that could be better is the timing...but still a GREAT game... i'm so addicted9/10
76561198048678832,Recommended,290340,33417829,Posted: 9 July,all,Dudflex,"Armello is a great game about strategy and luck. Everytime I play I find myself on the edge of my seat, trying to plan a clean victory yet scared of who will screw me over for their own goal. There are a few problems such as bugs but none that I find ruin the game.Pros:-Beautifal art.-Great character design.-good for those who want a game that make them plan their moves.-many different cards that can change the way the game goes.-many different ways to win the game.-Chests and dice are free!-Fun to play with friends (Just don't screw them over too hard).-16 different characters to play with different passives for different play styles.Cons:-some bugs.-Games can be long if people don't end turn.-Most of the more powerful characters (Like bandits) are DLC.-Game can make those who get angry easily loose their minds.Things I hope too see in the future:-More unique characters (Some which don't fit into the four clans)-Mabye an ""Adventure"" mode which acts like a co-op D&D like mode-More Cards."
,Recommended,290340,33449308,Posted: 10 July,all,MoshiMoshi Farmskins.com Desu,Purely worth every penny. Though the Bandit clan may too OP since the released. Anyway without doubt it's worth buying and spending time playing it.
76561198027875907,Recommended,290340,25260283,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,CinNoMan,"I really enjoy this game. For me, it is very much like a board game with the cards and dice rolls. It has both single and muuti-player which is great. Plus everyone playing seems to be in good spirits and are in general good-sports."
,Recommended,290340,25435135,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,ReusedNPCv2,"Everyone loves a party game - take some frenemies, a whole bunch of dice, and a competitive setting, and let the salty, salty blood flow. Games like Talisman, for example, or your pick of most all physical board games. Enter Armello, another game to scratch that itch. And I for one think it does that admirably.The gameplay mechanics are a bit complex, but easy to understand after a few games or playing the in-game tutorial settings. The game itself is thoroughly enjoyable, and I've personally enjoyed every game I've played insofar.That said, this brand of multiplayer isn't for everyone. Those who aren't on speaking terms with Lady Luck need not apply, nor those who don't enjoy losing to a fluke of RNG. As with most of this sort of game, the catch is in the chaos.The game's graphics are superb, and all the art is well-illustrated (more or less). The art style is something to behold, and all the animations are fluid. Even the rolls of the dice are something else. All the card arts are animated, as well.In summary, if you like chaotic games of chance, Armello is for you. Go on, pick it up.And as a footnote: If you really like this game, you can turn a profit off of it. Yes, you read that right. After every match you get a chest or a key which I'm told is worth around $0.25. Mind, I personally use them to try for dice skins, but perhaps you're not so into cosmetics."
,Not Recommended,290340,31714032,Posted: 12 May,all,jmsevits,"Armello’s art is fun and beautiful.Armello’s gameplay however is monotonous in terms of speed and the choice of activities each turn by design is very limited.  It does not offer epic strategy, it is micro turn-to-turn tactics.  Luck is also a major factor and performance will dependent on it heavily, with the game shifting unexpectedly at any point.I cannot recommend this game to others with preferences similar to my own: seeking strategy with at least a moderate level of predictability."
,Recommended,290340,14568867,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Nikorasu Jenadi Misukufu Koruta,"I highly recommend this game if you like Stratagy or board games. Its probley the most balanced game I have played. Its only in version 0.3 and I really like it. Each of the heros have there own playstyle. I will buy this game again if it comes out on the Windows Store so I can play it on my Windows RT tablet so I can play it on the go, its that good."
76561198049358657,Recommended,290340,14305267,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,KrazyKorean,http://leagueofgeeks.com/forums/index.php?topic=791.0This is a link to my forum and review of Armello more to come ladies and gents
,Not Recommended,290340,23061342,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,GentleGerbil,"Not really as enjoyable as the videos make it out to be... Bottom line, great game, good dynamics but it IS a board game. Against human players, I find the game definately more interesting, but against AI... boring... predictable.Awesome artwork, cool story, good concept... but after 2 hours of playing, you'll shelf this game and likely never pick it up again unless you can get 3 other buddies to play with. $10 value at most."
,Recommended,290340,33759181,Posted: 23 July,all,Orifiael,If I just had some friends to play it with.
76561197994288195,Recommended,290340,22227629,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,twyman.alex,"An addictive digital board game that will usurp the dwindling hours of the night that, foolishly, you thought you could spare. Play til 10pm, because of work the next morning? Why not, instead, zone out and play until it is 3am and lazily muffle a curse out of your lethargic lips when you realise you sacrificed a good nights sleep for a few hours of strategic maneuvers under the fate of a dice roll. Then, whilst you prepare to sleep, you can debate the role and function of free will and determinism, or just god damn luck based compatibilism. However your argument pans out, be sure as you're going to be grumpy in the morning, that at least Armello was saved from a King ridden with Rot.Until you play again. But of course, only until 10pm.The mechanics of the game work seamlessly, and the fluid deck building dynamic adds individuality into each game ensuring a reasonable element of uniqueness for each session of kingdom saving joy.The writers have clearly gone into great length into writing stories for the optional (and recommended) quests that you perform each game, but I fear that those poor scribes have worked in vain, for it is not a story dependent game (however, I for one found it extremely charming, and appreciate the effort - it's just that it is not integral to the actual joy of the game. If you are to take my opinion on this matter, you must take in stock that I have read most, if not all, of the in-game books from the Elder Scrolls series, Morrowind and up. What am I doing with my life? God knows, but ‘He basically read meta-fiction in games and enjoyed manly solitary one-handed pleasures’ wouldn't be the most untruthful epitaph I'd have scribed on the marble above me)I would say it is a short lived novelty game, and I don't think I'd be completely wrong. I have stacked up 50 hours on this sucker in a short amount of time though, and that is due to the relatively small time you need to invest into any single game. It is by this virtue that makes it a remarkable digital board game. Hell, if you were of the creatively productive type, you could fashion tiles out of cardboard, make painted clay figurines, print out cards, make some dice, and successfully play this with offline friends (there was a time in humanity where we socialised amongst fleshy alterations of ourselves, believe me or not. Back then, we just called those people 'friends'. But they became tiresome and didn't have numbers or pop cultural references in their monikers, and their avatars were what we called 'faces').Basically, you choose between four different species (Bear, Wolf, Rabbit, Rat), who in turn, have two variations that centre on their particular strengths and abilities (Wizard, Warrior, Diplomat, Rogue). With that, you choose stat perks and bonuses. Then you're thrown into the game. You compete with three other souls to try focus on one of the game victory conditions. It's not too difficult to grasp, but would be redundant to type here as it is explained competently in the game description and the developers website (which is charming in itself, I implore you to explore it yourself).Either way, cracking game in its simplicity and its uniqueness. Go have at it.Or don't.I'd rather you did though. Needs more players active for multiplayer, and I don't have the time and energy to replicate a physical board game, nor acquire friends.Enjoy, you magnificent people.For Armello."
,Recommended,290340,23283451,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Stovastove,"Tons of fun, plays a lot like the board game Rune Wars, just without the armies, only heroes."
,Recommended,290340,24149921,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Konrad,Awesome board game for PC.
,Recommended,290340,26731504,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,bob the tomato,zosha pls stop ambushing me
76561198047980905,Recommended,290340,29263267,Posted: 14 January,all,Grimisto,"Disney meets Watership Down,only better."
76561198071637391,Recommended,290340,29748869,Posted: 6 February,all,Miss Raynor,"like CIV, but with animal... sometimes with friendship killing elements."
76561198242803454,Recommended,290340,32961610,Posted: 28 June,all,Aiel_warrior CSGOHandouts.com,"i lik da game, gonna get twitch dice doe, also, plz add bandit clan to ps4 uk faster, thanks bye"
76561197989130622,Not Recommended,290340,33209194,Posted: 3 July,all,lafargo,The game is fun but when playing multiplayer you can not reconnect if you get disconnected. Makes the game unplayable really if you plan on playing with others. Never knowing if you can finish a game is a real downer. Stopped playing other games for this exact reason.
,Recommended,290340,35166014,Posted: 23 September,all,Ilkanar,"Very fun to play, wolf lady is 9.5/10(0.5 taken bcs not real :C)"
76561198040962674,Recommended,290340,24276538,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,MaYbenmg,"Great game, I enjoyed it!One problem though, the Chinese logalization is HORRIBLE! The translation barely makes any sense and the font doesn't match the original art style.Plz hire some professional translators."
,Recommended,290340,25546745,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Darkness Dragon Slayer Mage,"10/10, I love this game!"
76561198025779359,Recommended,290340,26590073,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Saphira,Absolutely love this game ~
,Recommended,290340,25141484,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,The Maw,Beautiful.
76561198097843926,Recommended,290340,22785898,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,MrFireheadGuy,Very good game. Simple enough to learn in minutes and yet complex enough to keep you for hours.
,Recommended,290340,29699319,Posted: 4 February,all,Antimatter,fun
76561198236960784,Recommended,290340,30393332,Posted: 8 March,all,SanSpirit,"honestly because it's so cute and addicting i LOVE IT!but i think 19,99 is way too much money to spend on this haha"
76561197973854407,Recommended,290340,17865161,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,SleipnirS,"This game is totally worth it. It's fun to play (especially in multiplayer), it is nice, well explained and ADDICTING! Need some more cards and a ranked multiplayer to be totally awesome <3"
76561197971825130,Recommended,290340,23013110,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Haapy,"I'm recommending this game, but I hate it. It's not the game's fault I don't like it; everything is pretty, the systems are well-thought-out, and the whole game has a high level of polish. So, if you like chaotic games with little to no planning involved (i.e. reaction games), then you'll probably love this."
76561198062502059,Recommended,290340,32968582,Posted: 28 June,all,sephirothisreborn,amazing game
,Recommended,290340,30934833,Posted: 3 April,all,Nox,"A board game in which diverse animals fight to seize the throne held by a dying king affected by the rot. It's a little adventure where you get to go on a journey to either go agains bots or players to fight for survival sort of. It's a fun game even alone you can enjoy it, however it's a bit glitchy at times I had some weird audio issues while playing, online does suffer a bit too. The ways you can win are pretty unbalanced, it's much easier to win certain ways making the rest tedious for no reason. The characters are generally fun to play they have their own perks and play style, I would not recommend buying something else than the extra characters and that is if you really enjoy the game, the rest is cosmetic and not really worth the money in my opinion. So summary, fun game a bit glitchy, if you like board games like these and can look past the glitches go for it it's not that bad."
,Recommended,290340,30936777,Posted: 3 April,all,Souls,"I was introduced to this game by a friend and I fell in love with it from the moment I started playing it. It is a tale of a kingdom's tragic spiral into chaos and the fight to end a king slowly dying upon his throne, sick and twisted by a foul corruption, The story made me feel sorrow and pity towards the denizens of the kingdom because I felt like I could connect to that conflict. ""No matter who wins the struggle for power, the strength of the kingdom is still lost as the bond of those who formed it disipates into the fires of war"".As for the gameplay, it brought back the enthusiasm I had in tabletop RPGs long ago. Everything is easy to understand for beginners, but still provides a challenge to long time players. The choice of characters and their traits actually makes me feel like I could play as any of them with ease and no matter how south things go in a game, there's a way to turn it around thanks to there being multiple ways to win. The constant threat of royal guards, perils set by the king, and corruption kept things interesting every game. Get some friends together and the chaos will ensue as the game gets more intense as the days pass.I know this isn't much to say about the game considering that I love it, but Armello is my go to game when I need to get my mind off of things or when I just feel like playing a game. The story connects to my heart and the gameplay reminds me of the joys back when I played D&D when I was younger. I'm getting everything for this game because the devs definatly deserve the support."
76561198054231730,Recommended,290340,30947504,Posted: 4 April,all,Shannieann,"I like it, it's easy to learn and play. It can be buggy at times but that has been slowly improving. The only slight annoyance or problem is that the extra skins being released are too expensive considering they're just one skin. They would be better priced at £4 considering the four extra heros are £6.99. That said that stuff is optional."
76561198016565158,Recommended,290340,31014384,Posted: 8 April,all,vamoosen,"This is a perfect example of how computers can take the board game genre to a new level.Armello feels like aboard game the entire time you are playing, but the mechanics of the game, while transparent enough would be incredibly burdensome in a traditional table top kit."
76561198346582044,Recommended,290340,30980702,Posted: 6 April,all,Sylven,Incredible graphics combined with Strategy and Critical thinking.No doubt one of my favorite games
,Recommended,290340,33422716,Posted: 9 July,all,dreamcaller,"Got the game during summer sale. It's feels like a PC version of board game - dice roll, tile movement and RPG element. I only played 3 matches so far and I quite enjoyed it. The graphics is nice and definitely qute lots of replayability.Since I haven't played the game long enough, I would say it's definitely worth its price whenever it's on sale and it's a fun game to kill 1 hour of time."
,Recommended,290340,30066459,Posted: 20 February,all,Rolacka,"Busy unlocking some of the rings in single player & really enjoying this board game, definitely gets a thumbs up from me."
76561198063402391,Recommended,290340,33391245,Posted: 8 July,all,GoryWriter,"Just got through my first game of Armello (against the AI, should that even matter), and I have to say I'm fairly impressed. Originally, I had decided to close my wallet to this game when I'd heard the Bandits would be locked exclusively to backers and were more powerful than the base 8 characters, giving everyone who hadn't backed at the Bandit tier a blatant handicap. However, with the Bandits available to purchase for $10 (my first intended DLC purchase, with the Usurpers coming after that), I figured now would be a good time to dive in.So, having only finished the tutorial and knowing the different ways to win, actually being released into the realm left me unsure of just what I should do first. Which clan do I like? Which character is the most interesting? How do I want to win? How will I do what I plan to achieve? I enjoy the backstabbery rogue-like appearance of the Rat clan, so I chose to side with them first, with Zosha as my character. My opponents were Amber, River, and Sana, to which I didn't pay much attention or care. I didn't know whether to go for Prestige or Rot, but the game ended up answering that for me, thus beginning my lengthy journey to win the King's ear and his throne upon his (un)natural demise.Things did start fairly poorly, with River having 3 Prestige before I had even finished my second quest, at which point I had considered switching tactics, but I stuck with it. I focused on quests, buffing myself to - at least what I think to be - a fairly decent 8 Fight and 7 Body, at which point I allowed my daggers (and the occasional bit of magic, if I drew the right spell) to earn their keep. My equipment helped as well, ensuring I entered every combat encounter with the odds, even if slightly, in my favor.I bullied River a bit, as she had the King's ear up to this point, but my first actual hero kill went to Sana, who I had burned to a crisp as she only had 1 health. I then waited in the shadows, picking off targets as they limped away from nearly lost fights, and my Prestige continued to grow. In a short time, the King came to me for his royal decrees, and it stayed that way. My daggers and magic made sure of it. 6 Prestige, then 7, then 8. Up, and up, and up it went, killing heroes, saving settlements, and fighting the Rot. However, by now Amber had started to get a little brave, perhaps from the Rot flowing through her, and started attacking the palace with alarming regularity despite losing her life to either a guard or the King himself. With each passing day, the King grew weaker and weaker, and my victory drew closer. When all was said and done, I sat comfortably upon 12 Prestige, far out of anyone's reach, but the assaults on the castle continued.At long last came the night of the second to last day. Just one more sunrise, and victory would be mine! But the walls continued to be assaulted. Amber from the South, River to the West, and Sana to the North. Sana was dealt with quite easily by the guards I had ordered to be summoned, but that left two more targets to worry about. Amber easily broke through the walls within the daylight hour, killing a guard and regaining her strength to a full 7 hearts. She HAD to die. I followed suit as night fell upon the land, setting a perfect ambush but angering the King as I set foot into his domain. I slaughtered that precious little rabbit without so much as a scratch, sending her back to her home for the third time. Sana, once again, fell to the guards before managing to lift a single finger. However, I had forgotten about River. Somehow, she had slipped within the castle's walls with no trouble at all as I chased Amber about. She then stood there, right before the King, and let loose a single arrow, piercing his fragile heart. All my work, the Prestige I had earned, undone in an instant. Perhaps, had I betrayed the King and plunged my dagger into his back, the Rats would have ruled the land. For now, the Wolves shall enjoy their victory, though I do not intend to make the same mistake twice.Simply put, I'm enjoying this quite a bit."
,Not Recommended,290340,23465144,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,limith,"Initially fun, but turns are really really long. The singular map also gets annoying over time and balance between the classes isn't really great as some of them are just strictly better than the others. Due to the small map size it is quite possible to block off certain characters from being able to complete their quests which knocks them out of the game. Needs work in balance."
76561197996378643,Recommended,290340,33593499,Posted: 16 July,all,TooFou,This is not only a game ! It is an experience.Each game is a new trip. Weir situations happens.Replayability is incredible. Lots of surprises !Very nice moments awaits for boardgame lovers.Very addictive.
76561198085894916,Recommended,290340,33601524,Posted: 16 July,all,Sky Ravens,"Armello is a fun game were each character makes you connect with them ( for me at least ) for $19.99 it is worth it.I belive for every $1 you spend on a game you should at min get 1 hour of fun game play$20 = 20 hours of game play ( both online and off)Look for Videos of the game on youtbe, its all ways better to SEE the game in acttion then just reading what a stranger says, in the end.....i like it, an thats all that matters ( to me anyways)"
,Recommended,290340,23090223,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Raka,"Shared some gameplay screenshots with my friends.Told them this is a slow-paced well-made nice board game which supports multiplayer.No one gives a ****, and now everyone thinks I'm a furry.Darn it."
76561198040199757,Recommended,290340,26899484,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cape_F0X,Fun game.  I just have to keep telling my friend that cats with their nine lives would be too OP.
,Not Recommended,290340,30784733,Posted: 27 March,all,Cypher,Would be a good game if I could play even one multiplayer session without it freezing up.
76561198193524615,Recommended,290340,25315281,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,BlueCreeper72,"- Joins game- Gets a quest/mission with 90% taking the dangerous thingy- Fail it and lose 2 hearts- Im at 3 hearts- Give up on the turn- Enemy attacks me- i got 6 dice and only got 1 attack and 1 defence, while the enemy had 5 dice and got 4 attack and 1 defence- Died- Quitted the game9.5/10 needs more RNG"
,Recommended,290340,27475446,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,me_stupid_nOob,"beatiful, easy for understanding, random, funny, balanced...and fast what else does tabletop game need?"
76561197994356545,Recommended,290340,19051999,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,persephone977,"A highly polished game, with well done animations and a lot of replayability. I really enjoy it!"
,Recommended,290340,19066388,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,kaliyama,amazing! if you like board games you'll love this.
,Recommended,290340,31456053,Posted: 29 April,all,failrate,Brilliant recreation of an impossible boardgame.
76561198047384882,Not Recommended,290340,28946299,Posted: 2 January,all,Penitenziagite,"Not good as Single Player game - far to much downtime for the player, far to randomized. Looks good, and may work as boardgame where you can interact with the other players during your downtime, or even in Multiplayer - but watching the AI play the game (and stupidly too) is getting pretty stale pretty quickly. Also beware concerning refunds: just doing the tutorials and playing a single complete game (8 turns) will clock you about 3 hours.It's a very beautiful game to look at, though. Just far to boring. Had high hopes for this - so, pretty disappointed. Due to the randomness and the AI stupidity (attacking the king when there's no chance of winning) it's also far to easy. Could have been great. But it's just meh, especially considering the cost."
76561198091930181,Recommended,290340,27645065,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rad Talkin Wolfthorn,It's an aggrovating and relaxing game
76561198027357084,Recommended,290340,27647063,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Black Swanson,It's a nice relaxing game.
,Recommended,290340,27463546,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,EvilRamenNoodle,"My nominee for the ""I Thought This Game Was Cool Before it Won an Award"" award."
76561197985471896,Recommended,290340,34431571,Posted: 22 August,all,Iggy,"Fun but I get kicked/freezes more than it should, sucks deep in a multiplayer game.Well build board game, I wish they would make a longer single player, expanding on the intro. Game is great as is, just a little buggy"
76561198051893215,Recommended,290340,34429249,Posted: 22 August,all,AJSA LostSouls,"I love this game so much, Its furry game of thrones with a mix of redwall"
,Recommended,290340,34478655,Posted: 25 August,all,(AC) Lord Elifas,"simple - worth a buy, but DLC are expensive :\its mostly costumes and some heroes"
76561198100218867,Recommended,290340,23037826,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,gouki,"A quaint four-player table top roleplayer that is both aesthetic in playstyle & graphics. Its very easy to pick up and is actually pretty fun. I haven't played much multiplayer, but playing singleplayer as a time killer is great and I'm enjoying it."
,Recommended,290340,23038318,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Iriceon,"This is one of the great video board games that I have played.  It has a feel of civilization and game of thrones.  Honestly, who doesnt like those two.  Armello is an all around great game."
76561198284426452,Recommended,290340,34728448,Posted: 3 September,all,mattamazingballz,Liked it. It's fairly simple and basically a board game. Each round lasts maybe 30 mins. I think the best part is the characters themselves. Bought extra charaters which I felt was worth it.
76561198214785072,Recommended,290340,23059233,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Whorenado,"I love it, haven't been playing anything else for the past few days."
,Recommended,290340,18517108,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Dusksirlink,"I've only played an hour, but this game is SUPER fun.  It has a beautiful artstyle and the soundtrack is great.  The gameplay is much like that of the Witcher board game except for the fact that there are a few different ways to win.  My only complaint is that there isn't a story mode.  While I know its like a boardgame, the story that they created made me crave for more, but other than that I would rate this 9.5/10 for a few small annoyance (long animations)"
,Recommended,290340,22984721,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Corven McSeth,"If you love boardgames, beautiful art and a challenging gameplay you should have this game already."
76561198071299762,Recommended,290340,22963964,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,dthornsjo,"This is a digital board game that makes full use of both ""digital"" and ""board game"" aspects.... a very effective blend of the two. I like it very much, and can imagine playing this with my family, if I had any family left. Haven't had the chance to play as much as I would I would like."
76561198038536500,Recommended,290340,22963760,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Dark Lee,its a fun game to play
,Recommended,290340,34532492,Posted: 27 August,all,Elsu.gg earn.gg bolt.gg,The game that uses 20-40 minutes for 1 bots game or 30-60 minutes for 1 normal game..
,Not Recommended,290340,34490767,Posted: 25 August,all,Panzer Magier,"RNGmello suffers from the short comings of real life board games, strategy and player agency is considered second priority at best. The most perfect plan concocted by the most versatile player can be foiled by a simple dice roll.The game relies too heavily on dice rolls in order to give a player a fighting chance to utilize his strengths/weaknesses.Furthermore, currently the game favours dlc pack heroes as they suffer less from rng rolls. Albait, not by much. I feel there is too much chaos and players cannot effectly influence or alter the gameboard. 3 action points per turn just isn't enough to get around and execute your playstyle.The game is fun in many cases to pass time and is certainly beautiful in graphics style. It merely lacks exciting in-depth gameplay mechanics."
76561198146235827,Not Recommended,290340,34653905,Posted: 1 September,all,Umu2017,Suck Server
76561198296182854,Recommended,290340,34510157,Posted: 26 August,all,zaftan,it is a great game the only problem is that i cant play anymore.i needed to put my laptop on sleeping mode with armello and now i cant play the game anymore even after re installing.please help me with this bug/glitch!
,Recommended,290340,23759602,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Ulvra,"A lovely and intuitive virtual boardgame in a universe very remniscient of the Redwall series. Simple to learn, fun and certainly something I hope to play a lot of with my friends. <3"
76561198041074318,Recommended,290340,23558044,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,tre14321,"Overall, I really enjoy Armello. From its beautiful graphics and art style to the versatile ways of playing, this game is always just an enjoyable experience. The tidbits of lore are entertaining as well; as I often find myself holding people up trying to read all the quest information. I am excited to see where this game goes in the future with ranked matches and more key/chest implementation."
76561198052681395,Not Recommended,290340,35055638,Posted: 18 September,all,__,"Decent enough game, from a design perspective, but completely fails from a technological perspective. It's glitchy as hell. Most multiplayer games end with dropped players and often completely locks up. If/when they fix the bugs, give it a shot, but until then, don't bother."
,Recommended,290340,27045398,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,KiPhish,"If you like board games, this is it."
76561198002689223,Recommended,290340,27030883,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,(AvidGamist),"Quite the amazing little gem. It's essentially Red Wall if it read like Game of Thrones. The king is dying of a corruption most fowl and steeped in black magics. You play one of four prominent members of the various houses the king rules over, and you are playing for power in the king's last week alive. Help the citizens for adventure or profit, complete quests of intrigue and mystery, fight deadly duels against your court rivals, and beat back the forces of corruption in a magnificent board game, where only your ambition for the throne is the limit.Remember, when you play the Game of Thrones, you either win or you die."
,Recommended,290340,27028616,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,watert03,"I collect board games, I I just wish this was one that got a physical realease. Too complicated to play that way, so the digital version will suffice. A story like Game of Thrones meets animal farm and art direction like dismey and gibli. An absolute pleasure. Simple and deep. Maybe not for everyone, but I like it."
76561198048235550,Recommended,290340,27021685,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Max Silverfox!!,"a great game, with a lot of strategy and fun, if you lie turn based games then armello is for you, and be warry to each player turn most of the game happens when its not your turnas dlc goes, usurpers is  great dlcthe music and alternative boards are more like if youd want to support the developers to make the game better"
76561198204595729,Recommended,290340,25288756,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Goldfishowen,I feel that this game is absolutely beautiful and involves startegy.Highly reccomend it for people who have high patience for the games can be quite long.
76561198048001113,Recommended,290340,32703220,Posted: 23 June,all,Wimbledon,"nice game! very entertaining to play with friends, nice graphics, nice history and easy to play. As a casual game fullfiled all my expectations."
76561198212605888,Recommended,290340,31960855,Posted: 25 May,all,jessbrooke,"This is an elegant hybrid of a board game and a video game. Its themes, rich look and well thought out gameplay prevent the fact that its about humaniod animals from undermining its seriousness, and some of the charactizations are downright suprising. Though the World of Darness shout-out in the form of the rot symbol seems a bit weird and out of place.Sadly, I must give it 9/10 instead of perfect because it is somewhat lacking without the DLCs. Its not the extra characters in those expansions that are importnat, but the extra CARDS and strategies. They even managed to have the Bandit Clan expansion give the King voice acting WITHOUT ruining the game."
,Recommended,290340,32020667,Posted: 28 May,all,Howell of the Wolves,"As a fan of tabletop RPG's, boardgames, and card games, I really like this game. I could explain the mechanics, artstyles, variations in playstyle to help you understand why, but I think I'll share a story.I like to grind achievements, I think it leads to some very interesting outcomes that wouldn't happen if you weren't trying to do a certain thing in a certain way. On this one occasion I was trying to get two achievements at once, equip three treasure cards from dungeons, and have three treasure cards and three followers equiped as Amber, a character who has extra luck when exploring dungeons. I play the game, grinding the same two dungeons over and over for these treasure cards, the outcome of which you have no control over, the game just randomly gives you gold, an enemy, or cards, and fighting anyone who comes too close for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles. Near the end of the game, I have three followers and two treasure cards, and am in second place because while I'm doing this I'm using cards to kill people and gain ""Prestige"", so that I can try and scrape out a win (prestige is the point system that determines the winner if the game ends before anyone can kill the king). This has lead me to be one Prestige point behind the winner, but its the second to last turn before the game ends, and me failing to get my achievements. On my very last move of this turn I get teleported across the map to another dungeon, because that is one of the possible outcomes of exploring dungeons. The leader, comes for me, but he had to cross across a dungeon tile to get to me, and this randomly spawned an enemy which attacked him, and prevented him from getting to me, and its his last turn so he can't try to get me again. I have two last chances to grind the dungeon, and the first one produces nothing. I do for my last one, I shout ""Praise GabeN"", and roll the dungeon one last time. As you probably suspect I get my treasure card, but not only is it some treasure card, it's the royal banner, which gives me three presige points when I equip it, which places me in the lead. Win the game, I get my achievements, and I laugh my♥♥♥♥♥off.And that's why I really like this game, because only in a game with such a high emphasise on luck can such absurd things happen, which lead to really memorable moments, and a really memorable game."
,Recommended,290340,32049701,Posted: 29 May,all,LionsPhil,"The RNG is more influential than it should be, and can sometimes suck the fun right out of it. (*Especially* if you get The Stranger---randomly having your control taken away has never been a fun mechanic, and this is no different.)I've also found the ""playing cards out of turn"" (supposedly a Pro Strat) to be a nightmare of trying to drag-drop at the right time while the camera's trying to do its own thing and tiles/characters are being locked in ""busy"" states, and it's a weird and fiddly real-time element of a turn-based game I haven't had much luck with.However:- You *can* compensate for the RNG with good Wits and a hearty hand of cards to burn- There are quite a few paths to victory, so you can also improvise somewhat- The AI is good enough to be fun in singleplayer- The art and general presentation is gorgeous- SMUG RABBITS SHALL DESTROY YOU ALL"
76561198101565700,Recommended,290340,32055722,Posted: 29 May,all,bear,"Listen this is such a fun game, I tend to not do a lot of buying on steam but honestly a good get worth $20.00 easy."
,Recommended,290340,32606611,Posted: 20 June,all,CrossHawke,Very good and addictive.
76561198284202920,Recommended,290340,31846186,Posted: 19 May,all,Shiroi Ōkami,Great game! Love the graphics and all the different characters to choose from. Brings me back to the old cartoon Redwall I used to watch.
76561198346089180,Recommended,290340,31971758,Posted: 26 May,all,StyxMix,"I am addicted to Armello! It's new every time, and I play for the dice!"
,Recommended,290340,31753803,Posted: 14 May,all,You Silly Sausage,Amazing strategy type board game gameplay is smooth and the artwork is beautiful i would highly recommend Armello to any real time strategy fan or a board game fan of any age.
76561198077512080,Recommended,290340,31874624,Posted: 20 May,all,Celleron,"When I saw this game at a distance in videos it reminded me of Civilizations, which isn't a game I liked. After some months of my friends playing I decided to give it a try and learned I should of gotten it sooner. I play almost always with friends we all have our prefered heroes but some always play on a whim. Even picking a hero there is so many ways to play them, River can do quests, get HRW, and snipe the king; or she can play to stealth and snipe Banes/Heroes to gain prestige for the win. Still a lot to learn of finer details but I am glad to have a PvP game that doesn't induce stress but brings out the fun of RNG that rivals that of Mario Party. I often see plenty of complaints about the game having errors but have yet to see one myself, all the same if you have friends who enjoy board games then get this and laugh the night away as Sylas goes on a murder spree, tearing through a couple players and a guard to just be banished the second he enters the palace."
76561198006973479,Recommended,290340,31732171,Posted: 13 May,all,Matticus Caesar,"If you enjoy board games & RPGs, like animals, and are fascinated by the intrigues, stand-offs, and backstabbing in Game of Thrones, then there is no reason for you not to own this game. Most games of Armello will last between 60-90 minutes depending on a wide array of factors. I've also played one game that barely went 40 minutes and another that went well over 2 hours.The game's art may come off as cartoony and possibly even childish, but don't be fooled for a minute; there is a very dark and scheming underbelly to Armello. There are numerous roads to victory, none of them particularly simple, and different heroes may have an easier time pursuing one path versus another. I have often found that starting a game with one strategy in mind often falls apart very quickly depending on the play styles of your opponents and what cards come out. It really helps to understand your chosen hero's abilities, strengths, and weaknesses and how they may succeed or fail against your different opponents as you go along (your and everyone else's ""character sheets"" are always available for viewing in game).Try the different clan heroes out and learn the mechanics in single player mode, but at some point definitely play multiplayer - that is where the real fun & intrigue of this game lies.One feature I like is the ability to watch another player's battles and peril challenges. You click on an icon and you can watch what cards are drawn, who the dice get rolled, etc.I think the third video in the Steam ads for this game captures the essence of Armello the best - the one that starts with ""From great horrors, great heroes emerge."" Every game begins in a similar demeanor... the players tend to all greet each other, but within 3 or 4 turns it all turns delightfully ugly because in the end, just like in The Highlander, ""There can be only one.""I think you will find Armello is an extremely satisfying game experience in a maddening sort of way. $20 very well-spent."
,Recommended,290340,32579518,Posted: 19 June,all,Geo,"For anyone who both enjoys strategic board games like the two recent board games Scythe or Inis or for any fans of Hearthstone, Endless Legend, or Civ, this will surely fal among your favorite (virtual) board games. All 16 playable characters are unique and fill different play styles. The game is not difficult to get into, but that neither means the rules are tough to learn nor easy. The mindset for the planning and strategy this game requires will take several games to learn, but the learning process is rewarding and entertaining. I am glad I took a risk to buy this and the DLC characters. I look forward to what this game will bring in the future."
,Recommended,290340,31851422,Posted: 19 May,all,Sleeptalk,"this game is fun as ♥♥♥♥, and does a stellar job at boiling down fantasy narrative into little bits. the mechanics synthesize court drama in a way that lets player imagination run wild, and deliver little surprising vignettes that feel both off the cuff, and like beats in a long, grand fantasy tale. 10/10 would punch darts with LoG over some cold ones"
,Recommended,290340,31825949,Posted: 18 May,all,Frexter,Cute but cruel. You get ♥♥♥♥ed in every match you play.
76561198262593030,Recommended,290340,32185771,Posted: 4 June,all,GrimmPickins,What an addictive little game... I've never had as much fun getting my♥♥♥♥♥♥beat...
76561198175149362,Recommended,290340,32169601,Posted: 4 June,all,JAHOOTY,"Game of thrones with animals, what else do you need"
76561198315626015,Recommended,290340,34995761,Posted: 16 September,all,Syel Allouch,"Fun game, best played in multiplayer."
76561198169214557,Not Recommended,290340,23075537,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,danoval,"Single player works. Multiplayer is essentially broken. I tried to get a refund, but Steam would not issue one because I played more than 2 hours. Its pretty ridiculous considering I was trying to complete a single multiplayer game that took more than 2 hours just to get a few moves in. Complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Recommended,290340,34449356,Posted: 23 August,all,Word Of Mouse,"Very fun game with core strategy elements that mix it with Tcg, and Table top games. Smooth, colorful and vibrant art makes the game as aestheticaly pleasing as a work of art! Great game , great art and beautiful world filled with uniqe characters!10/10 looking forward to more from these guys!"
,Recommended,290340,34050960,Posted: 5 August,all,Nexus the wolf,I like how we now have a board game that is not In the real world. I thought no one would do that so I was suprised when I looked at and played it. I bought the game and most of the doc and I love magna.
76561198025670419,Recommended,290340,20326385,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,WarWeasel,"This is a board game designed for PC in mind.But it an example of how to do such a thing very well. It has great polish and style, both visual audio is a pleasure and helps the feel of the game. Gameplay is excellent as well, a game you can play over and over.An example of a well done, high quality indie title."
76561198049668877,Recommended,290340,25314779,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Rockheart,"An addictive, interesting and beautiful board game. Better played against friends!"
76561198008795381,Recommended,290340,24556753,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Eugenm,Зарабатываем деньгу на новые игры тут!!
,Not Recommended,290340,22967479,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Aliandris,"While a beautiful game with some interesting game mechanics, overall I found the experience weighted against me so heavily as to be unfun.  Every choice and strategy I tried to implement was meaningless because the dice never came up my way, and while I appreciate the desire to force the player to change their strategy due to circumstances it became very tedious when it happened all the time.This was all from the singleplayer experience, I didn't try multiplayer.  I can't imagine anything would have gone differently though.Perhaps a decent game for a luckier person, but if you're the sort who rolls poorly this game is just going to be a lesson in frustration."
,Not Recommended,290340,23279835,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Chompy The Goat,"Here are my main two gripes with the game:1. Excessive reliance on RNG. RNG itself isn't bad, but when its an overwhelming factor that takes more importance than strategizing or good tactics, it just feels like you're playing a more complicated version of Monopoly in the end. There's thankfully some strategizing in how you choose to play certain characters and highlight their strengths, but it still feels somewhat limiting as their seems to be one dominant playstyle for a character. There's also a pretty strong snowballing effect, so when you're consistently dying / not hitting your quests due to random luck, you just feel sort of screwed.2. Lack of chat. The developers have chosen not to implement chat due to concern regarding 'safe spaces'. I don't particularly understand the concept of playing multiplayer without being able to chat with each others (and no, pre-set voice commands don't count as chat), let alone playing a board game / table top game without being able to communicate. The entire fun in a board game is communication. Furthermore, Armello games take roughly 1-2 hours to complete and you'll be waiting 5~ minutes for other players to finish their turns at sometimes. Not having chat to kill the time while waiting is a pretty awful decision. You can get around this by playing with others and there is an online community, but if you're looking for a quick game you might end up waiting for a while.Conceptually, the game is interesting, but I think the gameplay could use some tuning to be less luck-oriented and more skill-oriented, while the chat thing is just absolutely silly."
,Not Recommended,290340,34470563,Posted: 24 August,all,The Power of Friendship,"Get ready to be used as a beta tester, even though theyve released it as a full game. Full of bugs, which the developers act as if its something you should just play around. This game should be put back into the early access box, it is not ready yet, and if this realeased version was on a console, the player base would crucify it straight away for being as buggy as it is while claiming to be a ""finished product"".EDIT: Developers have banned me from message boards, along with other people posting negative things. I guess that how you keep your game relevant these days, instead of just fixing the bugs, tell the people experiencing them to shut up and then lock them out of communication."
,Not Recommended,290340,23962501,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Konio,"I'm sad to say this, but this game disapointed me. At first it looks and feel like digital gameboard game with great artwork and story in awesome fairy-tale climate, and it really is - it makes an impression of traditional boardgame, it has really great artwork (especially on cards, I really love it) and convenction of some animal clans fighting for throne of dying lion king is such a great idea.But there is the problem: the game has nothing more than this. It's even worst - game will not let you enjoy those elements unless you like totally random gameplay where your choices hardly mean something. I have played a few games of Armello - all of them ended with my win or lose only to some lucky or unlucky dice rolls. You can play a game where you will win all your quests, spawned at your base or a game where you won't even go to your first quest as it will be placed on other side of map, and thankfully to RNG some enemies will permanently block your way. There are mechanics that should help you with RNG but they just don't work, the game is still 90% of luck and I felt like I have no influence on my game, its just a hour of dice rolling and you can be lucky or not. Also bad interface and not clear enough tutorial will makes your first games a quite unpleasent experience."
76561198026960623,Not Recommended,290340,23669990,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,bsocalk,"When the game includes an actual apology from the designers about how dominate and uncontrolable the RNG factor ultimately is, you have a crummy game system on your hands."
76561197964028658,Recommended,290340,29636412,Posted: 1 February,all,Moral Dilemma,Yup
76561198115748259,Not Recommended,290340,29791184,Posted: 8 February,all,xDeadlyZedlyx,"It's pretty, and the concept is nice. but the entire game is almost 100% RNG. the actual decisions you make are VERY limited ."
76561198070987298,Recommended,290340,14998477,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,BoiDrifter,11/10 Best Evil Bird♥♥♥♥♥♥simulator ever
76561198010375650,Not Recommended,290340,19595311,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,-DN-,"I would like to start out by saying that the games advertising is pretty misleading about what this game is and is not.I watched the trailer video which makes the game look like you choose a character and as you play the game you get to go on quest and possibly advance though multiple adventures.  Defeat different AI bosses and maps, possibly carry over card/equipment onto other adventure and so on.Then I read that they are marketing this game as a ""table top game""(printed on their own web page)  which I am a huge fan of and have been playing for many decades.  The only way I have ever played table top games... is with other players.. usually in the same room.. usually at the same table.. ""sigh"".  Now this is where the very misleading part comes into play...  This game has no table top functionality in regards to being able to play with other players as you would with a ""table top game"".Okay so maybe they shipped the game early and they are going to add the ""table top"" into the ""game"" with a patch or update.  Nope they said they did not design their ""table top"" game to be ""table top"" friendly.  ""Sigh""So back to the trailer video...  In the video watching example play is actually the into series to the game.  So as you watch the trailer and expect to go on different adventures on different boards.. with different characters and win conditions.. different bosses.. randomized turn orders etc etc... what you get is...Set player turns, players vs AI player 1 will always go first.. the three other AI characters will go after you and they will always capture you cities on the night turn before dawn.  If you play the game you will soon realize how unbalanced that is.Computer AI will use cards against you as the player even if the same card played against an AI player is either (A) in the lead or (B) more dangerous to them geographically speaking on the map.*Example : computer AI plays a card that does -2 health spell, there are two possible targets.  (A) player that has 4 health 2 squares away on a tile of no importance, or (B) computer AI with 2 health 2 squares away, on their own quest location, and has killed the card player previous 3 times.*What happened:  {Comp playerX} plays spell on {playerY} does (-2) hps (4-2=2hps left), {Comp playerX} moves 2 squares and attacks {Comp playerZ} that is sitting on his quest tile, CompX has 4 hps, CompZ has 2 hps.  CompX has far superior cards and kills CompX by a land slide.  If CompX played his spell vs the other AI on his quest tile he would of been able to complete his quest and not die.  It is as if the AI was programmed to use all hostile cards VS the player first regardless of who best the card should be played in their personal interest.Okay so the AI is terrible... Who needs AI when you can play with friends so no problem.. wait.. oh I forgot you can not play with you're friends.Well you can play with some people.. over the Internet at least.. so lets hit that que button...  30 minutes later you are still in que.So that does not really work either.So what does work...  The into the game works.  You can load it up... get introduced to four of the characters one by one in their own mini adventures.. and well.. It is actually really good.  In fact its so refreshing you think, If they made the whole game this way,  The money spent would have actually been for what you were expecting.The upside to this game is the art.  If you want to play something for a couple hours.. get lost in its ambiance, get some steam achievements and then uninstall it once you realize that theres literally nothing left in the game you haven't seen or done then this games for you.I got it on sale and for the couple hours played it was similar to going to a summer movie... Not a lot story, shiny bits in between, and after its over you kinda wished you waited to see it on TV and kept the money in you're pocket.Maybe if they make the game into what it was marketed as It will be worth it in the future, but ""as is"" I regrettably have to say its an unistall waiting to happen."
76561198041619808,Not Recommended,290340,29850829,Posted: 11 February,all,mystuff,"When the first thing I see on first run of the game is a beg screen for DLC purchase, it leaves a very very poor impression. Did you sell me a complete game or not?I want to like this game. It looks quite pretty, but I feel like I bought a pair fo shoes only to find the left shoe is not actually ""premium content"" and not included..."
76561197998382853,Recommended,290340,25253222,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Axios,A fun board game for your computer!
,Not Recommended,290340,21406395,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,King Anger IX,too random to be fun
76561198073742028,Not Recommended,290340,25395921,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Duke Almighty,"The game is great, but it get boring after a while, they did promise a ranked play which would make it more iteresting, but now it over 1 year since their promise. Instead they make a 4 hero pack for ridiculus price, so they can get easy cash grab. Phew."
,Not Recommended,290340,25403195,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,PunkRock Stomps,"I really really love this game, it's look it's feel and it's gameplay are all fantastic, but I honestly can't reccomend it while the NMA bug is going around.What this bug does is causes the dice not to roll during combat freezing you in the combat screen and locking the game up. If this happens the devs want you to send a bug report to them, but there's no workaround or fix making the mp session unable to be completed.Until it's fixed it's impossible to play through a whole game with friends, kinda killing the appeal.buyer beware until a fix is released!"
76561197995653268,Not Recommended,290340,23239381,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,ImMobile,It's an ok game. There is little strategy as the dicerolls determine almost EVERY outcome of EVERYTHING and it's completely random. The wild dice is kind of ridiulous at times where a character can keep rolling them and go from having 3 starting dice ending up with 10.Pretty much the same issue with tabletop board games though so it's not false advertising. Just a little too random for my taste.
76561198135865194,Not Recommended,290340,35425954,Posted: 2 October,all,SarcasticHamSandwich,"Not worth its weight in gold.Rarely do I ever give bad reviews to games, mainly because the effort in which was placed into them needs at least a small hat-tip, but, bloody hell, this was not worth the twenty dollars I spent.Critiques:- The prologue misled me, which is perhaps the strongest of my irritations. I thought that this was to be a role-playing board game, where, at each map, you were given a plot scenario and you would have to fight your way through quests and competing players to win, thereby reaching the next map, and then the next, moving onto a strange story until you finally got to fight against the lion king at the final map. This was exactly how the prologue acted out for you. You played different characters, achieving different goals until the map dimmed out and you were warped to a different character. I was invested. I was interested.- The ACTUAL game... is nothing like this. There are no new maps. It's the same map (though you can switch between seasons), with the same characters, all striving for the same goal: kill the king or cure him. You know Candy Land? How the setting, the plot, the characters never change? This is basically Candy Land.- There is no plot. Not an ounce of interesting clan dimensions or rivalries. You can fight against your own clan if you want. Nothing makes sense. There's no substance in this game.- The 3D models of the characters are... ah, for lack of a better word, ugly. The 2D profile pictures look marvelous, but when you zoom in on their 3D modeled faces, it's hideous.- The AI makes no sense. Most of the time, it feels like everyone is after you. Everyone seems to be able to bypass trickeries except for you, and despite its ""randomized"" choices, they do their damnedest to focus at you.- Characters are unbalanced. Some are abhorishly overpowered, with dice as far as the eye can see, whilst some only have two or three at their disposal, making combat near-impossible.- It is so damn hard to get inside that stupid castle to cure the king with the spirit orbs. Not only is it littered with traps and guards, the king himself won't let you cure him.Praises:- The prologue could not have been more engaging. I'm still mad that it misled me, though.- The 2D art style was beautiful to look at. I loved both the flat-colored images as well as the painted portraits.- The overall world had so much potential. Animal clans fighting against each other was amazing to watch, and reminded me of Redwall.I haven't tried the multiplayer version of the game, but I'm not wont to do so. This game is frustrating, and its story isn't captivating enough to keep you focused on your objectives. It wasn't worth the twenty dollars, and I regret giving it away."
76561197994018516,Not Recommended,290340,28603968,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,MonkeyMonkey12,Really wanted to like this game but it didn't draw me in.
76561198021502743,Not Recommended,290340,29864250,Posted: 11 February,all,Che n,not that fun
,Recommended,290340,32355532,Posted: 11 June,all,Atomsmasher5200,yes
,Recommended,290340,28876950,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Wigs,"Bought this game so I would have something to play with my autistic, furry friend. It's okay... it's like a furry board game or something. I won the first game I ever played with a backstabbing, rat thief. Purchased on sale for 30% off and it still feels a little expensive for what you get, given that you still have to pay for character DLC. As I undestand it, the furries that kickstarted the game voted to allow non-backers to get the backer-exculsive characters as DLC sometime in the future. Good on you, furries; I would never have bought this game if I felt like I would always be missing exclusive content.As far as gameplay goes, It definitely feels like the AI gangs up on you. There is a lot of randomness to the game (dice rolls) but I like RNG in these type of games. The maps are randomly generated (good) but feel really small (bad). Game could definitely use bigger maps and maybe online with more people? Eight players would be a good maximum on a bigger map, and you could even do teams of two or something to help the game feel more varied.Great game if you are a furry; okay game if you just want something to play with your mentally-ill friends."
76561198158008462,Recommended,290340,33066688,Posted: 30 June,all,PUG,Nice Game!!!!
,Not Recommended,290340,22187466,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Otter,"The otter was exclusive for the kickstarter backers.  I'm trying to get a refund :/But seriously, that is the main reason I'm trying to refund this game.  Although, there are some other major problems.  The map is too zoomed it.  You can't zoom out far enough.  This game would greatly benefit from being able to look at a tactical view like you can in a game like Civ 5.  Furthermore, actions move at a snail's pace even when I have on fast AI turns.  I get the need for cool aesthetics, but not when they sacrifice the game's speed.Don't make backer-exclusive content.  It makes me upset when I realize I didn't buy the full game - especially when I bought it for to play as an awesome otter character."
,Not Recommended,290340,23479387,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,PenPad,I am discusted with this game. While the game seem very fun and ive played single player a few times the reason I am upset is because I cannot connect into games via skirmish OR private games with friends. I bought this to play agaisnt other people not an AI. I cannot connect into games at all it lets me into a lobby but I cannot click ready up or when i can then the lobby disconects. I have tried the fourms for this and recieved no real help as well as emailed league of geeks quality assistance several times even giving them my logs as the devs told me to do so on the fourms and weeks of waiting recived NO reply back.The game is awesome I love the concept but support at least for me is bad and the connection is bad it seems. I can play league ark rust dota2 minecraft starcraft warcraft hearthstone all fine without any problems but this game refuses to let me play online.
,Not Recommended,290340,33028301,Posted: 30 June,all,R4Z,"the game was plainly boring when I tried it so I refunded, alpha quality and content.The artwork was amazing but that was about it.I see now it turned into a money grab with the DLCs, glad I gave it a pass."
,Recommended,290340,24152756,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Valentine,"Armello  10/10     After playing 5 online matches and winning only one I strongly feel Armello is a thrilling, fun to play turn based strategy with RNG dice and cards, neat animations and captivating gameplay.  You can lose miserably and still have lots of fun.           You pick one of a cast of characters who have various starting stats and passive abilities and then level them up through quests placed on the map as the king in the middle slowly dies.  The quests and various other activities like defeating players and monsters on the map give you prestige, the player with the highest prestige if the king dies of the curse wins the game, if someone kills the king and survives they win the game.There's gold, magic, prestige, the stats, the cards (Equipment, spells, trickery cards and companions.) you can equip 3 equipment cards which usually cost you gold.    The stats are fight(dice in combat.) body (health maximum.) Wit (card maximum and Peril resist) and Spirit (magic pool refresh value)  There is stealth based on certain conditions like which character you are, what tile you're in and what equiptment you might have.  Combat is resolved with dice and cards both.There is a really low learning curve, but lots of tactics, and it's easy to make a poor choice until you get used to the game which adjusts the general new player curve to about medium.   The game so far is pretty much meant for multiplayer competitive play, you can play single player while you're searching for a multiplayer match, much like other games of simular orientation.10/10  for it's genre, I don't give 10/10 lightly, i don't take the time to review a game unless i am insanely impressed with the budget + quality ratio."
76561198016086128,Not Recommended,290340,21641366,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Death Angel,"I've tried to play and like this game, however, I am kinda disapointed in the game.First of all, I find the game verry repetitive since all you do in this game is play a big board game with only a verry little difference between each game.Secondly, the game doesn't have a single player campain, and I think it would have been a very nice addition to the game, since the actual contenant of the game is just the same board game with the only deference being who control the oppoents (an A.I. or another player).Finally, the game is mostly bassed on luck rather than strategy.I admit that the game also have few positives points (It very original, and the actual board game isn't that bad,), but since I was hopping for a game with more divercity and contenent than this, I will leave a negative evaluation as a warring to anyone who would like to buy this game."
76561198006525841,Not Recommended,290340,21189082,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,nods2002,"The AI is so incredibly stupid that I cannot recommend this game. You would expect to lose the first game you play, but I won that game and every one since. There's no difficulty level, and with it being so easy I only got a few hours of gameplay out of it. I haven't been able to find a match for multiplayer at all."
76561198081664580,Recommended,290340,29723680,Posted: 5 February,all,Lord Cio,It barely runs in my pc.
76561198073105730,Recommended,290340,23878100,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Black_Fox,great game
76561198010842627,Recommended,290340,28576648,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,MY HERO,i am a carrot
,Recommended,290340,30984715,Posted: 6 April,all,gabe7bandy,Great game.
,Recommended,290340,25337726,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Declaimer,For once a game I can play while i work on other stuff!10/10
76561198045138855,Recommended,290340,19156411,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Throg,liked the hole game.disliked NOTHING
,Recommended,290340,33446426,Posted: 10 July,all,Karegador,"I've seen reviews that call the game broken, for various reasons. However, I have yet to experience those issues.The game is such where no two characters are created equal, giving them each different play styles but victory is equally possible.Yes the otter bandit is tough but maintaining it requires that you maintain a high bounty, which is easily countered with a reprieve card.Further more, strategic questing allows you to build up your stats. To that end one should never choose a quest purely on the loot, you may take a quest and choose the resolution that does not require the test, simply to raise their stats.The game is very involved, gorgeous, and a 10 out of 10."
76561197985918081,Recommended,290340,28849206,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Sloppy Sally,"Game is dope as hell. Probably the best tutorial to what otherwise is a very confusing game. Sells the tone and characters of the world really well. The tutorial itself is a promising experience and I don't think I've thought that about any game ever.The game is really everything that's promised on the back of the box. The paths to victory are satisfyingly Machiavellian. The card mechanics run deep. I am over the moon for this game, very happily surprised.A few things do feel ""missing"". This game is far from incomplete, it's all there and it's good - but there are a few things I couldn't help noticing are just not there:1. A mini-map. While the board looks lovely and you can zoom out a fair distance, I found myself constantly scanning through the environment trying to find my own character. It's impossible to see at-a-glance where other players or where important map features are.2. Prestige should pass over or at least account for fugitive status. As I was attacking the king to kill him, he turned to me as the prestige leader to make the new decree. It was an odd moment between us. Thematically it just doesn't make sense.Might seem nitpicky but I need a mini-map for this game. The game itself alreaady plays on something like a cupcake compared to Civ or even Starcraft, but I need an even smaller version of that."
76561198065272179,Not Recommended,290340,27324052,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GAABBE,"I honestly think this should have been implemented as a boardgame rather than an actual video game.  Give the King more usability and one person can play the King, the guards, and bane. The other (1-3) players could then seek out the throne.Note: 2.9 hours = Tutorial and 1 game..It's a very long process.Sidenote: If you thought Monopoly was long, drawn out, and boring after a while, just wait until you play Armello!"
76561198167784890,Recommended,290340,23698519,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,partycat30352,If you like strategy games then this is a must have in your library. 11/10
76561198016536701,Recommended,290340,32181580,Posted: 4 June,all,ken.stubbs,"How every board game should be if its online.  The game plays well, the AI is good, the graphics are beautiful."
,Recommended,290340,26636783,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,The Magical Medic,Can you say addictive?
,Recommended,290340,32033189,Posted: 28 May,all,RedSweater,It's a cute board game.
,Recommended,290340,31937237,Posted: 24 May,all,karbafox,Relaxes)
,Recommended,290340,34263165,Posted: 15 August,all,DutchCharger,I'ts a very cool strategy game! Really like the way this game works.
,Recommended,290340,18494865,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,〘 L Ξ И И Ҡ Ѧ 〙,furrys and violence whats not to like?lol so lazy
,Recommended,290340,23015029,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,kfeyn,Beautiful and fun to play.
76561197977008221,Not Recommended,290340,29735231,Posted: 5 February,all,HasHasu,Game is all RNG. Boring and unsatisfying regardless of whether you win or lose.
,Not Recommended,290340,29934340,Posted: 14 February,all,Luxbu | Game Gamut,"This is a game I've wanted to pull the trigger on and has been itching me for a while now. I'm glad I pulled the trigger, because that itch is no longer there. You have to purchase this game and to unlock features since its inception that's more money. It also sneaks its DLC into your cart. The single-player game is bland as you play on only one map.Really not a fan. Great concept, poorly executed."
76561198042352145,Not Recommended,290340,29971353,Posted: 16 February,all,dschorak,"I used to enjoy this game, but now they patched an ingame shop inside the game and every second button I can click on tries to sell me something. Outrageous!"
,Not Recommended,290340,18461712,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,nacon,"I don't feel I can recommend this game based on gameplay. The overriding mechanics of this game are, well... random. Dice rolls, card draws, and even map builds leave you with a futile sense that no matter what actions you take, random misfortune can derail any strategy that you are trying to execute.The game is beautiful, it has great sound direciton, the world is full of character. However, the gameplay is just bad."
76561198037696335,Not Recommended,290340,17997133,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,deathnote3,tricked into thinking this is a story based game from the trailer
,Not Recommended,290340,18107953,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,inLighT,"Originally I backed this project as soon as I heard of it with much excitement well over a year ago,  and now that I've gotten to play it, I must say it simply feels unfinished, or entirely disappointing for what it was promised to be, in some ways.The art is.. alright, and the sound is less than what I expected it to be.The gameplay is fun and charming in a niche way the first, second, and third time around - and then it gets to be repetitive and extremely predictable. The games in my opinion feel rushed and offers a very low skillcap, with much of your progress based on luck.I hope sincerely that content patches bring this game forward by leaps and bounds because as it stands now, it is not worth what I paid for it I'm sorry to say. From the gamebreaking multiplayer bugs, lackluster texture work and general underwhelming game size, this feels more like a free to play title.I can't wholeheartedly recommend buying the game, because it's simply asking too much to pay $20 for what feels like a game that took two or three months to make (And I have the developer experience to know what work goes into these things.)"
76561197972346340,Not Recommended,290340,30025184,Posted: 18 February,all,Ravensoul,"I absolutely hate this, but I can not recomend this wonderful fun game. Game breaking bugs online after all this time should not be normal. I have had multiple times where the game would get to the next to last turn and now it is stuck on card selection for one of the players. You can't do anything. You just waisted an hour and a half of your time only to be so disapointed when you or a friend was likely to win and intstead no one wins. All 4 players just sit there emoting each other for 20 minutes until people start exiting that are tired of trying to wait it out. This is the most game breaking bug I have hit. I have also had problems with lag where sometimes it will take a full 1 to 2 minutes on battle screens before cards show up and someone is allowed to do anything and I had a time where the end of turn buttons disapeared for everyone. Again...I love playing this game...but it needs fixxed. These bugs need fixxed before more overly expensive cosmetic dlcs are put on the store heh."
76561198081460973,Recommended,290340,29956724,Posted: 15 February,all,ItsSilverScout,I like it.
,Not Recommended,290340,29894956,Posted: 13 February,all,Neener,Very repetitive
76561198049271072,Recommended,290340,14272199,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,keekatzer,9/10.This game gets a 10 when I can play as cats
,Recommended,290340,14175798,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Chuckledarkly,I think it's a fun board / computer game but i feel it need more substance. Maybe more modes or something? At any rate something more for that price tag.
,Not Recommended,290340,30351363,Posted: 5 March,all,the wintering,"I wanted to love this, because the concept is one I appreciate. I bought it for myself and family members so we could play something interactive online together while chatting on coms. The graphics are great and the gameplay is fun, if limited in the variety it offers. If you ever wanted an interactive 3D board game (think Jumanji, minus actual tropical diseases) this is what Armello aspires to be.Sadly there's a bug that resets all the items you unlock (vital to competitive gameplay and achievements) that happens to Mac users. Customer support seemed unmotivated to address this problem, though they're aware of it. Despite having multiple complains issued with proof (logs and unlocked achievements) that it exists, they're not actively working on a solution. I'd love to support further expansions, but the lackluster support is disheartening."
76561198055438610,Not Recommended,290340,23000014,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Jade Lou,"RNG is excessive. The 'extra roll' face of the dice means no upper limit despite lower fight score. You win and lose almost completely based on RNG, and it is incredibly frustrating. Great art and concept, wish it was more skill based and had more game modes."
76561197960619553,Not Recommended,290340,34452080,Posted: 23 August,all,Silent Tristero's Empire,No local multiplayer? Why make a board game you can't play  on the couch with friends/family? I assumed it would include local play at least.  worthless.
76561198024999564,Not Recommended,290340,22969279,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Gilgoroth,"I found this game to be repetative, slow, and random. I definitely would not recommend purchasing it."
76561198084985379,Not Recommended,290340,29665557,Posted: 3 February,all,DreasNil,Very pretty game and I kind of WANT to like it. But it's extremely luck based. Just buy a set of dice instead.
76561197970428269,Not Recommended,290340,28940504,Posted: 2 January,all,Ambridge78-Sloth,"Tried it and returned it. The game take way too ling for what it is. You spend most of the time ""Playing"" waiting for it to be your turn. And they way the dice work in the game make it way too random. I really wanted to like this game. And I playing the tutorial got me really excited for the full game. But needless to say I did not make it through on full game and I was issuesd a refund."
76561198056588449,Recommended,290340,31385357,Posted: 26 April,all,Mr.Midnight White,Yes.
76561198055952944,Not Recommended,290340,34534017,Posted: 27 August,all,Neq,"Board game without local mulitplayer. You will need 2 copies of the game to play it with friend. It's not worth it. Also game is too random, so if you want real strategy then go somewhere else ;)+nice graphics+interesting lore-too much RNG-no hotseat or LAN multiplayer-only 8 characters without dlcs, pretty much half of the game is in dlcs and they cost way too much-microtransactions in buy-to-play game are unfair, when you buy game you should get the whole game, there you got a lot of the game cut off-too expensive to amount of content you get"
76561198003566968,Not Recommended,290340,35056781,Posted: 18 September,all,LastSide,"Like-Board Game-Dice throwing-Great presentation-Great Sountrack and Sounds-Multiplayer and SingleplayerDislike-Luck either fail horribly or unfairly win battles-Too much dice throwing-Dice throwing is used for everything-Overpowering and snowballing cards-Never feels like you deserve the wins or loses-""Perils"" are like traps but your never know what are they until you step on themIts really hard to recommend a game that rely so heavily on luck. This what most people on the boardgame scene considers Ameritrash. Its games that just have a heavy setting but depends too much on luck, luck can either fail badly or swing the game too much.Every wins and lose never feels like your input on the game ever had any importance."
76561198213885945,Recommended,290340,26548923,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,TA5TY_50CK,"This game is so much fun, it would be nice if they made it two player split screen, or am i dumb and is that already  a thing"
76561198035888476,Not Recommended,290340,28366647,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,wellbytreeroot,This game is very pretty and does a great job of capturing a cool board game feeling.  If you plan on playing this game alone from the beggining you should get it.  The drawback is that this game is best played with others and to do that every person must buy the game individually.  There is no system to play with your friends on one computer so if you want to with four people it will cost around eighty dollars total.  At that point you should all agree to buy something else.  Without a way to play this game with others from the same computer by passing around the room the game is not worth the money.  If they do come up with a way to play the game by passing it between players in the same room please feel free to disreguard this review but currently it feels like the price is too high to play this game with friends making the game itself not worth it.
76561198086815927,Not Recommended,290340,23090807,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,MrParfait,"For now, keeps crashing... Ask for a refund.Maybe i'll come back later..."
76561198047228033,Not Recommended,290340,26347059,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,McBallins,"Gonna have to say is mostly good game, I have never been so mad as a result of rng screwing me over, every game is so random, you build a stratagy, but it rarely will matter because something will go wrong, even a few rounds before the match ends, it is still very unclear who will win regardless of how well anyone played, on player maybe favored but is still unclear who will win. Communists making videos, not cool. My parents grandpapa didn't fight in 'nam for this. He fought for games that take skill like call of duty, lol jk he fought for Halo. <insert overly sensitive child into the comments>.Jokes aside the RNG does not add fun for me, only takes away from it, probs would be fun w/ fri3nds, but I don't have those, going back LOL to trigger some trash adc by feeding."
76561197982155680,Recommended,290340,25261444,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ferrata_vi,"Wow, great game!  I look forward to more DLC!"
,Not Recommended,290340,20255057,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Nox2025,"As a hardcore board game player I can tell you this isn't the board game you are looking for. Repetitive, random, chaotic is what this game is. You can't plan, you can't strategies or do anything meaningful. I was looking forward to this game but it turned out to be a big failure."
76561198038907271,Not Recommended,290340,20521497,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Porridge,RNG: The game.
76561198081756867,Not Recommended,290340,20247200,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Weary,"I don't know if the RNG in this game is really bad, or if I am just getting really unlucky. I have played four games so far and all but one of them were aweful.The first one wasn't to bad since I just thought I didn't know what I was doing.The second one, I lost every single combat encounter I had. I thougt that it was because I was playing a less combat focused charater, so I switched to one in the third game.In the third game, I still lost every single combat encounter. On top of that, the quests give you two options when you get to them. Take the stat bonus and prestige from the quest, or go for an item on top of that at the risk of loosing health. Three times the game said I had a 50/50 chance, and every single time I lost.In my fourth, and final, game I chose the most combat centric character possible. In the first few turns I failed to kill a character with three health, failed a quest that I had a 70% chance of getting the bonus from, then was promptly killed by the three health character. The thing that made this even more painful was the fact that I rolled seven dice each time that I fought that character, my opponent only rolled four, I had two guaranteed attacks, and I had six health at the time due to a spell I played the previous turn.Again, this could just be me having terrible luck, but I feel like after four games in a row it has to be the RNG."
,Recommended,290340,32003013,Posted: 27 May,all,Sentuis,Good game worth the money.
76561198030149380,Not Recommended,290340,24162175,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Jaden,"I regret that there is no neutral option, as the game doesn't really deserve a negative review. It has beautiful and cute grafics and rules into which obviously went a lot of thought. As a board game it would be great to have an evening of fun with friends, although the rules are a bit too complex to actually work well as such.But for some reason i got bored with it really fast without being able to really put my finger on it why. So, no i don't recommend the game, although it is really not a bad game per se."
76561198197081574,Recommended,290340,24939772,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Warp,"I don't know what to say.Beautiful, but boring."
76561198002757093,Recommended,290340,23055435,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,carbonmatter,Great game!
,Not Recommended,290340,24179640,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,SmartRain,"Game technically degraded:-each match 1-2 players lose their connection to the game-a lot of interface(lobby and in-game) bugs-Win 32-Bit users ghettoupd: a week later the problem is solved,but the developers abandon Win32 systems in the next major update"
,Not Recommended,290340,26698836,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,quazzius,disappointing with no couch co-op
,Not Recommended,290340,26701970,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Jão,"sadly disappointed this game doesn t have single player content  i put highly expectations for this game, i even wanted to cry, because i realized that i dont have any friend that  i can play, this game made me feel sad really sad. because i do not have friends to play this game, i was expecting something greater for a single player experience, the game was awesome, i liked it much,  i was expecting to see a singleplayer campaign with a plot like  game of thrones with awesome cutscenes like of the prologue or should i say the tutorial of the game. wich isnt really necessary a prologue because as i m saying it lacks a plot. with good charismatic characters specially because it does have furry content in it, i m really sadlong story short the game is highly recomended for sociable persons that have a lot of friends, but if you are a lone wolf like me oherwise its not good because it lacks a singleplayer campaign."
76561198047035752,Not Recommended,290340,22972547,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Butcherbird,"I thought I'd like it a lot but the delay for AI players during solo play was so long that much I quit. Also, I had the impression that it had local multiplayer-- one of the reviews mentioned playing it with kids-- but it only has LAN multiplayer, not hotseat."
76561197970807880,Not Recommended,290340,22989515,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,SilentButDeadly,"I wish I read the IGN review before buying this. The pacing is terrible, with you potentially only spending a few seconds on your turn and then waiting minutes for the other players to go. You even have to wait while in single player. There is no option to chat with other players because the UI was funnelled into gamepad controls, with no keyboard option so I can't even chat while waiting. I played for about an hour and couldn't be bothered waiting any more."
76561197970389552,Not Recommended,290340,23883484,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,A Naked Hobo.,"Ive been a fan of this project for some time, the art style, the way the game LOOKED like it playedYou may be under the impression this plays like a might and magic or similar game, but it doesnt. It plays very much like a table top board game. A table top board game that is a touch to complicated and is lacking in focus.So as much as i'd like to I cant recommend it"
76561198131559915,Recommended,290340,25260715,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,aringt,"First, I am terrible at writing. Most of my reviews are not very well written, so don't expect J.R.R. Tolkinesk embelishments.I have been playing this game since it came out quite some time ago and have lavishly enjoyed playing it! I have a fondness of games with animals in them and this is no exception. In fact, it has been a joy to engage in this fun little computerized board game.I really like the ""Disney"" quality animation with the charaters and the beautiful set up of the ""board"" landscape. It is very intuitive and you can easily learn the game play very quickly! Especially when you start it with playing the ""Prologue"" which helps teach you the movements and plays from the point of each of the four main characters.To sum Armello up, it's exactly what I mentioned above; a board game. Not a RPG like The Elder Scrolls games or World of Warcraft or Final Fantasy game series, eventhough it has some RPG-like game play. The character you play is a computer animated game peice you play. It moves a certain amount of board spaces and interacts with whatever is in that board space it lands in.Addition, like a boardgame, it is random. It gives you a random set of cards and a random set of plays and no two plays are alike. You have dice that you roll for your battles or for removing ""Perils"" that you enter into. The cards, also, give you some leverage if you have the right cards in your hand. The type of cards that you recieve are by chance and you can never tell what types (in the three tiers that you can select) of cards you will be given when you pick them. If you get to challenge the King you have three types of victories you can perform. They are ""Battle,""""Spirit,"" and ""Rot."" There is one more type of victory you can obtain without challenging the King and that is a ""Prestige"" victory. As far as I have played this game, a Prestige victory is the easiest to obtain, while the Rot victory is the hardest.With that, the game is awesome a lot of fun to play. The AI of the ""Heros"" that you don't play is (in my opinion) astounding. They act as if they are run by an individual person because their moves are so unpredictable. They can attack or choose what to do as if they had a true mind and conciousness of their own!The board's artwork is stunningly gorgious and the changes of the day and seasons are nice additions.The UI is, also, very intuitive and can easily be manuvered.So far, I have not found a ""con"" I can think of that I can even mention against Armello.For those with families, the game is definitely very family friendly. No blood or gore in the game at all. Which is a nice reprieve from games that do.All in all I find this game a real treasure and hope that the company can make it even better and, hopefully they can create a sequil. The game creators have been working very hard to add new features to the game. The DLC ""The Usurpers"" is out now and is actully a fine add-on to the game with four new characters to choose to play as well as some additional items.This game will definitely end up a classic!"
76561198081422232,Not Recommended,290340,34458913,Posted: 24 August,all,Lesolan,"Good art, generic animations, almost interesting but still pretty overused story, overall boring game.Paid 30-ish USD for this game. Was not worth it."
,Recommended,290340,18285924,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Sunder,"I thought Armello has a really tight rule set (from my mostly non-board gamer perspective), very cool and cuddly art that everyone ought to love topped of with easy to jump in and out multiplayer layer. Overall this is a very good game to get into, worth all twenty buks they ask :)"
76561198093248691,Not Recommended,290340,31110277,Posted: 12 April,all,Kisstantari,"once apon a time i would have praised this game, now i say its crap. You wanna play a multiplayer game? Well TO bad it will DC you or another and leave ya waiting 3 fricking hours to even find a game, and then when ya do find one ya get a hacker that DC everyone so they get an auto win. Have fun with this piece of crap ""board game"" that ya have to play alone or learn to hack."
76561198257134430,Not Recommended,290340,19519939,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Izzy,"It's a pretty game, but for the price you get more content out of Undertale and more of a story. Once you play threw everything there isn't even a map change. It's the same game over and over again. It seams like it's lacking a good old fashion story mode.And if it has one it shouldn't be hidden. :/Seriously for the money- go buy Undertale you'll get much more time and playthrew for less money."
,Recommended,290340,22893013,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,A4man,"A board game for the digital age, simply stunning too!"
,Not Recommended,290340,18607377,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Beastly,"TLDR.:Imagine what you would want from a game that costs 20 euros. You wont get that.This game is average at best.Graphics don't sell a game for me.So why did I buy it. My friends said it was ""fun"".(its not)Pros:-It has a nice look/atmosphere and character design.-On off-turn(when its not your turn) you can still play cards. Which gives you a chance to zone opponents and secure your position with scouting cards etc.Cons.:-It's slow af.-20 euros. For basicly one gamemode.-RANDOM not in a good way. Cards you get, buffs you get, dices you get. This wouldn't be bad if the gameplay wasnt so slow!- The only thing thats certain is spells.-Solo game might as well be multi player. Rounds don't become faster or more fun.-There is no chat so your interaction with other players is limited to pre-written messages.(so again might as well play bot games)-It doesnt compete with other games/genre. In ANY aspect I can think of.Explanation:-Planning on buying with friends?Get teamspeak or skype.(but then AGAIN you might as well just play any other coop game on steam and use skype while doing it)-You want a board game?Buy The Settlers of Catan. Its an actual boardgame with solid game design elements that doesnt make 80% of the game an RNG fest. Not to mention the actual fun you guys can have while hanging out(in real life)-Want an adventure game?Choose any... ANY from steam's libary.-Want a strategy game?Im pretty sure steam has you covered with that as well.Lets compare two games that both cost 20 euros.Rocket League:gameplay: A beautiful learning curve where its easy to get started with, but hard to master. Next to skillful play you need on the spot strategic analysis to position better.Gamemodes: has multiple gamemodes(of ranked and casual) and several training types to help you get better.Quite a number of cars with each a bunch of customisation options. And flags.Im pretty sure i left some things out but you get the idea.Armello:tutorial: an annoying♥♥♥♥♥point and cilck tutorial. its just text and click where we tell you nowhere else.(horrible design) you wanna know what would have been better pm me.gameplay: get cards, do quests or collect stones or kill oponents or kill wraiths. for these things you get points(except for stone collecting) and if the king dies from the curse(so non player interaction) the game ends. guy with most points win. or if you slay the king you win.. mediocre afgamemodes: story mode that is as annoying as the tutorial so you can assume i didnt finnish.The rest is just the boardgame(randomly generated...must have been hard to program)you get 8 characters 2 per clan so 4 clans. but the game is so random it doesnt matter which one you pick. pick bears. get hp and ""spell fuel"" and you're set..You're paying for average game design, a bunch of gorgeous 3D sprites and card artwork.I know its an unfair comparrison but hey. Life is unfair and theyre both 20 euros so deal with it.This is an average boardgame. but hey.. HAS NICE GRAPHICS!!!Im pretty sure if you skype with your friends it might be a fun game.But as of now, this is as meh as it gets.. 5/10ps.: buy it if you want to play as a sweet little bunny.."
76561198008463476,Not Recommended,290340,22311694,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,piddyx,"The art for this game is beautiful and inspired.  That being said, the game quickly becomes repetitive for me.Do not buy this game expecting to be introduced to a whole new fantasy world.  It is more of a board game.  That might be fine for you, but I regret the purchase."
76561198080117184,Not Recommended,290340,22968493,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Tony Axe,"Great graphics and play style. But anyway once you finished playing with all characters and you try to go to multiplayer game, it will give you a big dissapointment. It requiere a lot more development to make it funny , more dinamic and challenging in the multiplayer mode."
76561197971156183,Not Recommended,290340,29818648,Posted: 10 February,all,]-[appyDrugs,Theme: goodIdea: good1 type of map even with all the add on's wtfafew things to make this game better one give it a couple of mods take notes from dota 21: make it so you can build troops ( not as tough as heros ).2: make it so can expand your kindom3: play as the king once you clock some sort of stroy line ? maybe game of thrones has a good map provice system not talking about the game.played the game about 7 time im borednot worth buying unless they upgrade the game imogame makers please fix this game to make it better other wise ill let this game rot with all the other games i dont play.
,Not Recommended,290340,23459662,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,carloszeburocha,"Just didn't like it. Too slow, used to playing EU4 this is not interesting."
76561198066378992,Recommended,290340,23280944,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,kingdrummer666,Imagine Civilization combined with Settlers of Catan and Talisman/Relic.....with furries
76561198093627521,Recommended,290340,25224504,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Kraken90,IT CRASHED FOR THE SECOND TIME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!HOW UNLUCKY CAN I GET!!DEVS  PLS FIX THIS
76561198167295649,Not Recommended,290340,26753390,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Mastur,"A strategy game is a game where you make a plan, execute it, and succeed by outsmarting other players.But in THIS game, every single thing you do is trown to chance, it´s literally a 2 hours game of russian roulette,  where it doesn´t matter what are you trying to do, you just fail.Nice music and arwork tho.2/10 after 17 hours of gameplay"
,Not Recommended,290340,22366158,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Mitharan,"Was this game even play tested? The concept is good, the art is great but the mechanics are♥♥♥♥♥♥ You have 2 ways to win. Body/Fight and kill the king or Prestige. Rot victories are just relying on random cards to draw and spirit stones are just absolute randomness. I still like playing the game since I paid for it, but I regret paying for it all the same."
,Not Recommended,290340,23898774,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Flowerbridge,"This may be an excellent game for many different people, but it's definitely not for me.It's really a tabletop board game with almost everything decided by dice rolls and RNG.  Too much of the game is decided by RNG and 50/50 coin flips.The positives of the game can be found in many other reviews, although I feel like I got suckered in when I read there was a great background story.  The tutorial is sufficient and includes some background, but there's not much of any true story."
76561198045738147,Not Recommended,290340,34495582,Posted: 25 August,all,Azure.Providence,"This game is infuriating.You can only do one quest at a time.  Not only this but you cannot cancel a quest and must complete the quest in order to get another. Oh, and the quest can spawn on the other side of the map and there is no way to know that until you take it.Collecting gold is worthless.  I drown in gold because there are no shops.  All items you receive is from the few card draws you get and the few quests you complete. There is little point in exploring.  Dungeons give random magic points, gold, or monsters.  There are health shrines that heal 1 health which is one of the few ways there are to heal and swamps take health away. There are so few ways to heal dying is often the quickest way to get back to full health.You really are at the mercy of the RNG.  The only meaningful choices you can make is what cards to play.  All of your cards are random. All fights are dice rolls and maybe you burn some cards for extra dice.  I don't feel in control.I am disappointed I bought this game."
76561198061681664,Recommended,290340,24823317,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,cujo,Rally all the clansBarnaby advanceBlood of ArmelloPoint of no returnJoin the wolvish revolutionFreedom must be won by bloodNow we call for revolutionPlay the pipes and cry out loudRiver show the wayLed us to this dayHere at ArmelloFreedom we have earned
76561197984726260,Not Recommended,290340,17886846,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,paradox216,"The setting is interesting, and it looks nice, but.... this is a short game that's incredibly luck based, which makes it extremely frustrating.  Drawing cards and rolling dice determine most of the game and the results are completely random--you could get some really amazing gear, or some really useless spells (or visa versa)The problem is the randomness,  It doesn't make the game fair, it makes it frustrating, and you end up having a pretty huge chance of failing most of the quests unless you pass on having rewards for half the game.Its almost a really good game, but it needs some tweaking to improve the player agency.  Definitely feels like a visually polished board game, but the frustration level is too high."
,Not Recommended,290340,17850500,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Ori,"Waste is the first word I think about when talking about Armello. Graphics are amazing, some ideas are great, and I really love the char design and the differents characters. But the game is almost entirely based upon luck. And the worse kind of luck, the one that comes after you thought you strategy and messes up everything you've prepared. All in all, it's not a bad game for those who love RNGesus.If you're more of a Risk or a Monopoly player, Armello is for you. But if for you the perfect boardgame are Diplomacy or Caelus, don't waste your time."
76561198059443733,Not Recommended,290340,17936081,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Edstroyer,"I played this game for one hour, and I didn't even finish the tutorial. The gameplay was too slow for me, and I enjoy turn based strategy games like King's Bounty and XCOM. It was my fault for buying the game without looking at gameplay videos first. The intro video and the game description had everything I was looking for, yet I still didn't enjoy it because it didn't capture my interest during the first hour of gameplay. I hear it is a lot more fun in multiplayer, but then again almost all games are more fun in multiplayer. Anyways, hope others enjoy it more than I did."
,Not Recommended,290340,18193288,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Paint Paw,"So What can I say about this game so I'll just start with my issues with the games 'features'-Easy to play, hard to master: Which is just another way of saying luck decides the winner. No matter how hard you try and outwit your enemy no matter how far you're in the lead one bad dice roll at a critical moment and you lose the game just like that. There really is only 2 valid strategies for each character which in turn is just different executions of the same two win conditions, either kill the king or drag the game out in what is in all essence winning by default or through cowardice( getting an early prestige lead and play keep away until someones low on health). The third win condition which is to clense the king is PURE luck that you get 4 stones before he dies of rot.-It's so called fast and thoughtful gameplay is lacking in both departments. With the amount of luck that the game is based on a 'thoughtful' strategy could just be crossing your fingers and hope the king doesn't B.S. his way into killing you. The game is no way fast-paced with 4 players each getting two turns a day before the king loses 1 health, if by fast paced they ment you constantly get killed because many things are out of control( which is why strategy is weak).-Multiply playable Heroes: but you don't get all the playable heroes unless you kickstarted the game $55, I would've been fine if the Heroes were just alternate skins of the 8 your given, but they aren't they are unique heroes just like the base ones, which is absolutely infuriating when they plan to add the 4 later as payed dlc. To put this in perspective its the same as a fighting game releasing with 12 characters, but 4 are only accessible if you preorder for twice the price of the game and they become dlc later in the year, but were on disc at the launch so you're just being baited into paying more for the rest of the game.Their physics-based dice look nice at first but like actual dice they will fall off the play area and you only know about the reroll at the last minute.The world of the board game is bland which makes sense for a board game, but when people try to call this an rpg, and a turn-based strategy it's like getting slapped in the face.In the long and narrow of this review: if they can actually make the game develop into something where luck isn't the omni-present factor to the game. I might get a second look at the game."
76561198125906806,Not Recommended,290340,17936990,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,cliffsandscripts,Have to agree wtih some of the negative reviews from others. I wanted to like this game. The concept and animation style is fun. But the game plays so slow. It might be fun in a group type set up where you are in the same room as others playing with you like a real board game but when you are by yourself on a computer its just so slow.
,Not Recommended,290340,17939612,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Millertime,"Great idea, but filled with quite a few bugs. The most annoying is the audio bug where the game audio will completely turn off randomly, and won't come back until you restart the game. It's been reported several times from several people but so far they have not acknowledged it.The dev team's refusal to correct the zoomed out display is really odd. The view is zoomed in too far to see what is happening around you, and many spells will have ranges far outside of that view. When you try to zoom out, it only goes out a little bit, and lays a fog layer over the entire screen so you can't actually see what is happening. This is something that people complained about during development and since release, and the dev response was they didn't want people to play in that view, and something about 'meta-gaming'. This is a board game, you should be able to see the entire board at once. All of the information is available at default view if you manually scroll around the board, so this makes no sense.. keeping this UI limit in place only serves to irritate some players. There is absolutely no meta-gaming that can happen from changing this, because any player can see everything on the board if they manually scroll the map."
76561198018791774,Not Recommended,290340,25314796,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,jrichards,"DO NOT BE FOOLED BY THE ""Very Positive"" REVIEW SUMMARY!!!!I have never requested a refund on Steam.  Now I have.  Armello is a ridiculously simplistic exercise. You move 2 or 3 spaces then watch the computer roll some dice.  You can play a card or two that might affect the dice you roll, slow down other players, etc.That's it.  That's the game.So only purchase if you like clicking a few spots, dragging the mouse a couple times (maybe), then watching flashy graphics and listening to sound effects for up to 9 turns when the game ends.I played it then sat there astounded, my jaw on the floor, asking myself ""That's it?  With all those POSTIVE reviews?!?""  Off to request the refund...The most fun I had with this 'game' was writing this review."
,Not Recommended,290340,17916662,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Kayo Frost,"Unfortunately, the gameplay is almost entirely dictated by randomness, to the point that trying to do anything is often met with stupid amounts of frustration.I really wanted to like the game, i did enjoy it's arts, the cards play and etc but....i don't know, perhaps i was waiting for more? D:"
76561198006830782,Not Recommended,290340,25036152,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Proqs,"At first i liked the game, funny game.But still i do have to not suggest it to other players. It is TO much luck based.Sometimes bad rolling is no problem, but after 4 games of utter bad dice rolling (12 vs 4 dice losing frequently), it felt like just a luck game. Tactics are a bit important, but eventually it's to much luck.Luck on the cards you get, Luck on the encounters, Luck on the dice rolling.So if you like casino games, this game is for you. If you like a bit more tacticsgame you should pass this tittle."
76561197973833701,Not Recommended,290340,18138228,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,baudot,"This is a very clever, very pretty game. The problem is, it's not actually much fun to play.Armello is essentially a computer moderated board game, in the style of a card-driven-narrative game, like Arkham Horror. And like many games in this style, you just kind of fumble through a story, without having much control over it, or without an over-arching plot coming together.The story of Armello is supposed to be a race for the throne among four contendors. But what you actually do as you play is run from quest to quest, with each quest (and all the other action in the game) being settled by randomization elements which feel barely more strategic than a coin flip. All the rich details the game designers poured so much time into have little outcome on the game, or your tactical decisions as you play."
76561197996888975,Not Recommended,290340,18142371,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Colossian,"Like the concept of this game, but the gameplay is bad.  Too much randomness for a strategy game.  You can't zoom out to see the board (this is like playing chess and only being able to see 1/4 of the board at a time!).Do not recommend purchasing.  I wish I could get my money back."
76561198135380543,Recommended,290340,28804633,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,lyonsja,Love it.
76561198161039324,Not Recommended,290340,23007511,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,crainorama,"Like others have said - visually a beautiful game, just not enough else there to keep me interested.  Add in the wait times on other players, lack of non-AI players in multiplayer, and RNG foibles, just not a game for me.  If you're okay with those, then you'll probably like it.I really hate Steam's yes/no rating system - if this were Yelp, I'l give it a decent rating, but this game is too frustrating for me and won't be playing further."
,Not Recommended,290340,34452408,Posted: 23 August,all,Hipster Kale,This Game was amazing i loved it like a kale salad. But then the devs put curtons in there and to most people crutons are unessisary but tasty. But all my friends are celiacs. Crutons made them unable to eat the tastey kale. its not like there was bacon in there it was crutons unessisary just so the devs could make a buck.They broke there game to make some money and ill never go back to what was an awsome game.
,Not Recommended,290340,29080825,Posted: 6 January,all,silicas,This game has some of the worst balancing and design I've ever seen. It's a shame that such good art direction was wasted.
76561198031220927,Not Recommended,290340,19642265,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,HedonismBot,5 second review:Interesting idea.But what the hell am I doing?
76561198045765259,Not Recommended,290340,23904677,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,GarnDelfin12304,its a great game but it keeps crashing so i cant recomend it
76561198011704498,Not Recommended,290340,17870936,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,SovietCoffeeFox,"pros:awesome settingcharacters that feel uniquecombat mechanicsvisuals and art directionscons:lenght of matches is very limitinggets repetitive fast because of the lenghtchance basedsummary: I love the the art direction and the setting, the characters and grid based movements and combat, the cards, mechanics and items are all awesome. But after a couple of matches you basically have seen everything the game has to offer. I would love to see more custom rules, characters, victory types and maybe even new game mode. More epic quests or wrkshop. I know Im dreaming but this game is something special I would love to see grow. I just cannot recommend it due its lack of content."
,Not Recommended,290340,17953102,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Megaman 2,"I'm putting a 'no' in the reccomendation for this game, even though I like it very much.The reason for that is I feel like the game as it stands at release feels like an easy-mode, or intro-difficulty map, and that there should be more maps to progress into.As others have said before, many of this game's aspects are top notch: the music, the card art, the production value of taking each action, and the list goes on.  Even with all of that though, the gameplay experience is so similar each time you play that it gets too repetitive far too fast.Most games have easy maps/levels to start out with, and progress into larger, more complex, and more immersive worlds to play around in as you get farther and gain more experience on how to formulate strats to win.  Sadly, Armello has but one map, and it feels pretty homogenous each playthrough.I could see potential though through DLC expansions or future content additions.  I believe a key to making this a truly great game would be larger maps with a wider variety of tiles and an increased number of action points.  Different maps could have different sets of win conditions, and different events at the start of day and night.   A wider tile variety would be something that could be done with each map, as different areas would have their own tiles unique to that map, and that along with map variation (either choose the map or play one at random) could give players a chance to better customize which type of experience they want each game, and give each playthough a fresh feel.I know this sounds like a tall order, and maybe even a project for Armello 2 instead of add-ons here, but the point I'm trying to make is that this game has the potential to be great.  Wheather it acheives that potential is up to the developers, and us in helping to fund them."
76561198019865542,Not Recommended,290340,17889378,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,skcye,"Way too luck based, simple as that. I understand it's a board game essentially, with cards and dice. However the element of strategy is too small, there are times when people get 4 spirit stones literally by turn 4 based on nothing but pure chance, then manage to enter the palance on their first try based again on pure chance.That is an example of how now matter how good you are at the game it's ultimatley pure RNG to the max."
76561198044835533,Not Recommended,290340,31389676,Posted: 27 April,all,One Ukrainian Rebel,"I really really believe the game needs to let everyone take their turn at once, then put up the timer, as opposed to one at a time, with timer after 2 minutes.One, less waiting. 3/4 of the game time is spent not touching your controler, and watching everyone else play their turn. 75% downtime. It would reduce idleness and be far more intense if you know either of you can make a move at eachother, actually race to an objective, or all end up having a big brawl at once.Most things are very straight forward in the sense of ""action, counter"" and as such can completely screw you over if you dont have a hard counter.The most advanced combo you'll really see is stacking of a few spells that dont directly work together but the buffs just add up.Some things like Rot can completely ruin the game, and some games are over for you in as little as 4 turns.Some people have the money to burn and thats fine, but 7 dollars per skin, not even for a pack is absurd, especially since they are small models and half the game is spent not looking at your person, again, 75% downtime.If you play with 4 friends, all the time, every time, maybe. But staring at paint drying is fun with good friends, so I don't let that be an excuse for any game."
76561198037795665,Not Recommended,290340,17990053,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,itsafakegun,"I was so excited when I'd first seen promotional materials for Armello a long time ago. The art is beautiful, and the characters are lots of fun. Unfortunately, the mechanics themselves are just layer and layer of random draws. The cards you draw have symbols that may or may not be what you need to match Perils you encounter. The dice rolls don't add up, so there's no interesting bell curve. The AI feels pretty random as well.In the end it feels like there's not a lot of strategy you can bring to bear (heh); it's just riding the luck train and seeing what happens to you."
,Not Recommended,290340,17905251,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,VampiruS,An another card game....but the game art was awsme...stunning graphics...i really dont like the gameplay it really bore a bit..
76561198065363912,Not Recommended,290340,17975932,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Ben,"RNG/Random Number Generator, that's what's left of Armello after you take away its illustrious atmosphere and design with perfect table top feel.Other then a few head or tail decision, you always have the feeling that your have no control and everything is purely random.My suggestion is if your winning in the casinos,theres a big chance your gonna win here."
76561198045371711,Not Recommended,290340,17237202,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,ardimus,"I purchased this game because I love table-top games, and the world that this game looked like it was a rich. I was very disappointed. This is not a good game at this point in development.First, it just is not very much fun. The quests are just checks on your character stats. Each has the possibility of an extra reward, but it only comes down to luck if you get that reward or not. But it's not like there is some sort of minigame that you have to win in order to beat the quest or get the extra reward.Throughout the game you will encounter other players, but again, there is no skill here except for die rolling. You don't have any way of knowing what weapons and armor the other player possess to help you determine if you are likely to win the battle or not. The ony strategy I saw in this was to attack players low on health.There is no plot. One of the reviews said it was like game of Game of Thrones. Perhaps this would be the case if Game of Thrones was a coloring book. The animations make it look like there is a story here, like when the frog gets kinnapped or the mouse pays the soldier buringing the town. But these animations are illustrations of these mindless ""quests"", which take only a few seconds to stat check.Maybe this game will look better when it is finished, but at this point, I regret the purchase. I downloaded it, played it 4 times thinking I was missing something each time. What I miss is the money I paid for this disappointing game."
,Not Recommended,290340,18041412,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,kyuss,"I sort of felt like I was playing an overly complicated version of Candyland. Maybe with friends this could be a lot of fun, but it's pretty shallow as a solo experience. Another gripe is that the developers didn't take nearly enough advantage that this is a video game. Everything's handled by dice rolls and card draws. I'm really struggling to recall a real gameplay element that couldn't be replicated in a physical game. The art direction is nice and really pretty for the most part, but the bloom effects were sometimes a little jarring, and I was wondering what the point of the blue fog occasionally blocking my entire vision of the map was. Also, certain animated cards move way too rapidly and are very annoying and distracting on the side of your screen! Why don't they stop moving when you're not hovering over them?!?! I hate to be cruel to something so cute, but these beautiful character designs would fit better elsewhere."
76561197983436737,Not Recommended,290340,17885728,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Dragonteuthis,"This game is so simple you'll be done with it in about two hours, far too short of a time to justify the price tag. Yes, the visuals are nice and the gameplay is neat, but there's one tiny game board, you wait forever just to take your turn (even when playing solo!), and it rapidly becomes repetitive."
,Not Recommended,290340,17917180,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,drunkpie25,"The game moves along very slow, there is currently not an option to skip enemy turns. It also does not have very much depth to it. I becomes tedious very quickly and I personally find myself anoyed more then I find myself enjoying the game."
76561198048003418,Not Recommended,290340,30284993,Posted: 2 March,all,Mr. Bojangles,Nice idea bad implementation.I would give Armello 2/5.
76561198076273661,Not Recommended,290340,29897920,Posted: 13 February,all,incognito-guy,"From the trailer and how the game begins, I had the impression that this would be a suspenseful story-driven game, but it isn't. It feels very limited in what you can do, and it became quite boring after a considerably short time. Due to the inability to turn on fast NPC-turns in the prologue, at the end of the prologue I was sitting there and playing on my smartphone while waiting for ever and ever while the wolf and the rat fought against each other again and again... And after the prologue I had to realize that this is the game - there isn't much more to it. So effectively, the prologue just stalled me long enough, so I couldn't get a refund.Also, Steam says that there is full controller support, but the game does not respond to my controller at all."
,Recommended,290340,25263237,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,DixonYu,dasf
,Recommended,290340,26708247,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,zulu,More like ArSMELLo amirite?J/k it's great
,Not Recommended,290340,29764302,Posted: 7 February,all,XenoLocke,I really wanted to like this game but feel it is too luck based.  Where is the strategy?  I feel like I don't have much control over my fate.  I have no real incentive to play this again.
,Recommended,290340,28814126,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Mojo,Its like a Board game but not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
,Recommended,290340,22566961,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,LͫOͤRͫDͤ,10/10 the prologue already got me hooked
76561198082822977,Recommended,290340,25265486,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Oshawott,Its amazing
,Not Recommended,290340,14778365,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,sparker,"Armello definitely wears its board game lineage on its sleeve, but I would not say it borrows from good board games unfortunately. It's a passable single player affair, moving about the land, gradually growing more powerful, and being largely at the whims of chance. However, I really odn't understand the multiplayer focus of this title. This game has such little player interaction, particularly meaningful player interaction, that it doesn't seem like it'd be a good use of time. I would stay away.On the plus side, this game's production values are quite high. The art and music are wonderful throughout. There are a few UI qualms but for an Early Access title this is a remarkably polished game. I just think it has some fundamental design flaws, unfortunately."
,Not Recommended,290340,25272580,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Devicat6,"This game is way to complicated for it's own good i can see where they are trying to make the chaos work but it is like playing a board game by yourself with no one to talk to and i have never had to do that....until now. This game could have been simple with a rich story and simple but addicting gameplay. This is not D&D developer, people do not wanna memorize a million things just to play. If i wanted that i would play a D&D game with friends around a table and be able to have a conversation to break up the dull parts. I gave this game the benefit of the doubt and i am sorry i did i was inticed by the characters and that was a mistake. Point is this is boring and im getting a refund"
,Not Recommended,290340,18004408,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Vandal_1stCav,"The game has a strong snowball effect - where the ones that do good do even better, so if someone has a good start they are hard to stop. Additionally the randomness of cards/exploring is pretty high and you can't plan a lot.In my opinion it's better to spend that cash on a real board game."
76561197971079985,Not Recommended,290340,17858069,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Kruztee,"The game looked promising enough, but there were too many annoying aspects of gameplay for me to be able to enjoy it* Poor map navigation, visibility and scrolling* Far too RNG dependent to be called anything near strategic* Poorly explained or obsfucated gameplay elements* Slow, tedious and repetitve turn cycle5/10"
76561197964694211,Not Recommended,290340,17873150,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Fairbank,It has promise but is frustrating to play. I can see the fun but it's hard to access through the clumsy interface. Ultimately it ends up generating more frustration than fun.
76561198011236127,Not Recommended,290340,32017581,Posted: 28 May,all,Savvas,Waste of my money. Bored. In my opinion its for  age 18<
76561198054619742,Not Recommended,290340,34429709,Posted: 22 August,all,oum not Rvder,เกมที่มีเนื้อเรื่องสุดเเฟนตาซีของเราสัตว์ทั้ง 4 เเคลน หมาป่า กระต่าย หมี เเละ หนู  ที่วางเเผนจะชิงบัลลังจากพระราชาอันเเสนชั่วร้าย(เเต่พระราชาเเม่งโคตรกาก กากเหี้ยๆ ไม่โดนฆ่าตายสุดท้ายตอนจบป่วยตาย)ข้อดีของเกม-เกมกระดานสุดเจ๋งภาพสวยน่าตื่นตาตื่นใจ-พื้นที่ในกระดานที่ทำให้ต้องคิดทุกครั้งที่เดินเพราะอาจเปลี่ยนชีวิตคุณไปเลยถ้าเดินพลาดเเม้เเต่ก้าวเดียว-ตัวละครสุดน่ารักเเละเท่ ที่มีความสามารถเเตกต่างกันออกไปตั้งเเต่ กาก-โกง (ที่ว่ากากเพราะมันต้องใช้ดวงสัดๆ)-การ์ดที่มีให้เลือกใช้มากมายที่ทำให้คุณสามารถเปลี่ยนเกมได้ทันทีถ้าดวงดีข้อเสีย-เพลงสุดง่วงกูต้องเปิดเพลงใน itune มาฟังตลอด-เน็ตหลุดเเล้วกลับเข้าไปไม่ได้-เล่น 4 คนไม่ได้ของเเม่งคนทำเกมไม่คิดถึงคนที่อยากเล่นกับเพื่อนอย่างเดียวบ้างเลย-ผู้เล่นเเม่งเหี้ยได้หลายเเบบมาก มีตั้งเเต่รุมไปจนถึงคิดนานๆปล่อยให้คนรอจนเหลือ 1 วิ เเล้วค่อยกดจบเทิร์น จนตูจะเป็นหนึ่งในผู้เล่นเเบบนั้นไปเเล้วเพราะอยากทำตามให้คนอื่นเครียดบ้าง-หาทางเเก้ปัญหาคนคุยด่ากันด้วยการปิดระบบเเชทเเละ เเทนที่ด้วยคำพูดของตัวละครสุด ลิเก๊ลิเก เห่ยมาก เเถมไม่มีเสียงพากษ์ด้วยนะอ่านเเล้วอารมย์เสียกว่าเเม่งด่าด้วยคำพูดหยาบคายอีกอยากเล่นเกมกระดานเรอะซื้อเกมนี้เหอะดีกว่าเยอะถึงตูจะชอบการออกเเบบ ตัวละครกับการ์ดเกมนี้มากกว่าก็เหอะhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/282800/100_Orange_Juice/
,Not Recommended,290340,23420835,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Kario,"This game is fun and all, rng on the cards, banes, and dice can really screw you over no matter how much thinking and planning you do. I've had a lot of fun hours in this game waiting for them to release the character I've been waiting for, but today found out she was a kickstarter limited reward only... Waiting for them to add Scarlet to the game was what made me put up with the bad gameplay elements, but today all my effort and putting up with the game was ruined. I can't recommend this game now sense they aren't going to release the other characters to those who didn't know about this game until later. They didn't have a pre-buy on steam otherwise I would have months before release, so due to this games buggy multiplayer with it DCing some people at game startup then never starting the first round, the rng almost as bad as hearthstone's crappy card draw rng system, the high chance to get screwed over suddenly by a few bad dungeon explore coin flips, and how often when you have way more dice then the enemy, yet you get no swords or shields then they get all their small dice to land... So in short, don't play this game if you don't want to deal with all those negitives."
76561198028281312,Not Recommended,290340,22992428,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Dark.Logic,"With this game you spend most of your time waiting, and losing, and waiting, and losing.  This game has no mechanic to help out the underdog so it becomes very apparent early in any game which two out of the four players will absolutely not win.  So this game is guaranteed to♥♥♥♥♥♥off 50% of the people who play it within five minutes of each game."
76561198079437776,Not Recommended,290340,29236522,Posted: 13 January,all,Blueberry... Man?,"Wow, another♥♥♥♥♥♥game. I shouldn't be surprised by this point, but man is Steam saturated with wet sloppy stinky feces or what! The post - proccessing is an ABOSLUTE EYE SOAR. It almost makes me nauseas its so ♥♥♥♥ing disgusting. Also, there is no tutorial! For a game that boasts to be complicated, yout think they would want to teach new player what to do, but regardless, I still went into a game to try and find my bearing. After 2 turns of me moving, the AI went, and oh boy did they go. The first AI took maybe 20 seconds, which is alot but I could deal with it. BUT THE SECOND AI, IT TOOK OVER 3 ♥♥♥♥ING MINUTES TO DO♥♥♥♥♥♥ No it wasn't frozen, I could watch it roll dice and stuff, it was taking so long I had to quit out of boredom. It was ♥♥♥♥ing AI, speed up the process God damn."
,Not Recommended,290340,31423693,Posted: 28 April,all,P y C . E x a m,"Lets be real, a digital board game cant replace the good old real life board game due to the nature of the turn waiting.Graphic and music are sweet but still the biggest problem is the boredom of waiting for your turn."
,Not Recommended,290340,21037046,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,orion821,Awful game.  Every battle is either mutual destruction of both parties or random death after victory by some unknown source during your victory dance.Made it through one game and a refund directly followed.  Beware.
76561198030776984,Not Recommended,290340,21210329,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,gfode,Multiplayer only works with players with a separate Steam account and their own copy.  So it is not possible to play with a friend unless you buy two copies!
76561198070045028,Not Recommended,290340,21168432,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,AceHighNOOB,"Game is way too long and boring. Almost 2 hrs to finish a single match... Asked for a refund and did not get it. In short, ♥♥♥♥ armello and ♥♥♥♥ steam!"
,Not Recommended,290340,29851703,Posted: 11 February,all,ミユ,Don't buy it
76561198052971128,Not Recommended,290340,17867333,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,realxavier,99% of game time is just computer turn animation. Quite sick after several games.
76561198102783019,Not Recommended,290340,24923113,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,OneMonkey,Looks neat but it is almost entirely based on random chance. There is almost no skill involved. I would have just as much fun playing with dice.
,Recommended,290340,19436641,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Red Steel,This game is unexpectingly really fun the visual graphics are very amazing. You play one of five animal Its a RPG game you can play online with other people or by yourself. It's very easy to learn and fun to play.  Each turn you can select where to go sometimes you get random cards  like spell or follower which care cute little animals that follow you during your mission that you can use. Think of it like a table top dice game with visual effects.
,Not Recommended,290340,26687470,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Big Fucking Boner™,Hope you like RNG
,Not Recommended,290340,18014884,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Mental Seppuku,"Too much RNG, not enough game, and it doesn't save any changes you make to the controls, so you've got to redo everything anytime you start the game up.There just isn't enough variety in the game.  Once you've played it a few times you've gotten everything out of the game and it's pretty clearly not worth 20 bucks."
76561197983050385,Not Recommended,290340,23012008,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,angelspire,"Game is unplayable in Windows 10. It crashes every time after 5 - 10 minutes of play, sometimes before you even manage to start / continue a game. Completely freezes, sometimes leading to the need of restart. Extremely buggy, this issue is a well-known and there's zero reaction from the developers. I would not spend money on this if you're not Mac user. Seems to be working quite will on my macbook though."
76561198047609043,Recommended,290340,26684464,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Loli Princess,I have the feeling furries play this game with only one hand.Just a feeling though.
76561197991475785,Not Recommended,290340,29948056,Posted: 15 February,all,shagnifico,Boring. A video game for people who don't like video games.
76561198153883711,Not Recommended,290340,31508135,Posted: 2 May,all,Sharo,"PAY TO WINNot only you pay good 20$ for a game full of buggs, but they don't care fixing them - payed DLC creating is more important. And with the last DLC - The Bandit Klan it is pay to win now. Not only the new chars are OP, but the NPC's roll pathetic against ppl who payed 10$ extra.Besides that - the concept and the art are just great."
,Not Recommended,290340,17853450,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Vertinove,"This game doesn't involve much skill as it is pretty much all completely random. I know what you're thinking: ""Of course it's random that's part of the fun of boardgames!"", but I really mean it. You don't do much and gameplay doesn't feel at all engaging. As for the ""sandbox"" aspect don't be fooled by thinking this will entertain you for hours on end. Granted you can start with different clans and what not stuff such as terrain is limited giving for a repetitive and overall boring experience. Of course main pro for this game is the pretty graphics but that alone isn't a great reason to buy. 4/10; with more content updates in the future adding diversity I may change my review."
,Not Recommended,290340,30889755,Posted: 1 April,all,ACEobedencia,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198011514532,Not Recommended,290340,24286689,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,OdoG,"Lots of promise, but Armello just isn't fun..."
76561198079434482,Not Recommended,290340,35067156,Posted: 19 September,all,korawit131,"The game stinks.  Steam, you sold me the game, no one else.  Why do you sell and market games, then say it is not your fault.  You should not be selling games that you not warranty.  Shame on your company. You stole my $19.  It will not hsppen again. I am done doing business with you."
76561198014505717,Not Recommended,290340,15406041,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Captain Nicholas,"While boardgames are my thing, I do not think this particular one is worth the investment.  After playing a couple of games I cannot imagine even the complete game being worth the 23EUR (or whatever currency you use).The game itself is nice and well though-out, but gets old rather easily. The 4 victory conditions do not really make a difference, you will just go for whichever one is best suited to you after a few turns. The heros do not play differently enough. In the end you battle the same way, you just use a different stat to your advantage, While there is some shuffling on the map, some new ones would be nice as well.The nice artwork is a pro though.Overall, I would not have regretted skipping this game."
,Not Recommended,290340,15068647,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Nemikan,"Overall I'd recommend the game.... except that its not worth the current cost so I'm voting NO for the game right now. For a $5 game its awesome, for $25 it won't keep my interest long enough.The game has some interesting mechanics as many people have mentioned. The cards are not as awesome as I expected, the followers I've only seen a few of, and there aren't as many cool effects as I'd like most are just a single modifier in combat.  My biggest complaint is that it seems insanely hard to get into the castle to achive any but the easiest win condition. You must roll on 4 dice (unless you add modifiers or play (burn) cards to ""set"" the results)  4 specific types. If you do not, your turn ends and you must try again the next day. I spent a whole game trying to do that from the start, with +3 dice modifier and failed to do so before the game ended. This fustrates me since I don't see it being multiplayer competitive due to that reason.Battles are very short, a single dice roll and usually end with one or both players dying - defense is so much more important than offense, although the death penalty is very small, just -1 prestige. It adds an interesting element. The map is small, something I didn't realize when browsing through the game before I bought it.All in all, the game has some fun graphics, cool with the heroes being random animals, and a fairly unique game. Once again if it weren't for the cost, I'd recommend it, however it won't keep you interested for a huge amount of time. A nice indie game, not the new CoD."
,Not Recommended,290340,17847518,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Tora,"It's moderately fun, but each game takes so much time - it's insane. In a 4 man multiplayer game we got past turn 7-8 and almost an hour had passed. For such a simple board game(barely anything happened in 1h) it's just pure madness.No chat.Barely any audio\graphics options.Art is nice, but 3d graphics are bad.Fog(blur) covers everything, when you try to scroll out, even a little. And you need to do it, or all you'll be seeing is your character and surroundind  raw of tiles.Dice rolls are infuriating. They just fly all over the board, not even rolling properly, until they dissapear.Requested a refund."
76561198029530634,Not Recommended,290340,17882470,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,cdacord,"$20?Buy this one when it's 90% off and you have an hour to kill.Cons:Deep as a puddle.  Terrible combat.Pro:If you play at work, you'll get a lot of work done."
,Not Recommended,290340,17858204,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Arkterus,Meh.
76561198023498162,Not Recommended,290340,33125967,Posted: 2 July,all,Vaunt,"I dont understand why this game is so well rated. It must be for the graphics/fantasy world it is set it. And I'll give it that, the theme is cute and playful. For me, gameplay is everything in a game, above all else, even graphics, even story. This game has no gameplay. It is awful, no fun, and painful to play. I tried to like this game but there is no depth to it. I assure you watching cats♥♥♥♥♥♥is far more entertaining."
76561198037680270,Recommended,290340,22953598,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Gixkung,สนุก
,Not Recommended,290340,29547051,Posted: 28 January,all,Dylanarino,"Really wasn't what I expected, Very boring to be honest. Wouldn't recommend."
76561198077322116,Not Recommended,290340,28112038,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Soviet Ponys,"This game is a strait piece of garbage in my eyes and little can make me change my thinking. I regualarly play this game with my girlfriend and I see the system that this game has, it doesn't simply run on RNG, but also a favoriting system. She would win countless games back to back just cause of her fantastic good roles on dice, while my rolls would fail completely and wouldn't even dare work in my favor. She wins several RNG quests while I sit here failing to even win one. My cards I roll are garbage and mean nothing to me, while she rolls the best gear possible. I seem to get the stranger, a follower good and bad, but only when I'm going for a corruption victory. While doing so I was killed by the stranger 3 times in a row as he ran me right into stone circles, instant killing me from my corruption. I had a 1/6 chance of running into a stone circle every time, and it seems its 100% of the time. The game looks nice and plays very nicely, but with this horrible favoriting system I can't even bother to open the game up and play it again, knowning my next game will be even worse the more I play. My girlfriend fails to understand half the mechanics in the game, yet she goes on to win every single game, with little to no thought. I have AI's ruining my day every single game, while she runs around the board with little to no thought. Now if you have the RNG of a god you will find this game fantastic as it is made very well, but it's system of full RNG I cannot recommend at all.Now onto one quote from one of the developers. I heard once on the forums somewhat recently that they claimed that some people are a bit rude and don't appricate the free content. Funny thing, there has only been one, count it, one, free dlc. Patches don't count as dlc. One of the dlc was soundtrack, one was just a graphic season change, and one is adding 4 characters, and the last is the old group of characters you get from supporting ages back. I don't know much about the dev team but if that's the attitude for the entire team then it doesn't seem they care to much to the community. Now the post was on a rant from someone, but none the less, it was strait up rude, as there has only been one free dlc.Now, would I recommend it... no unless you want to sometimes bash your head into a wall every so often from the game taking a twist on everything. I would get it if it was on sale, as I said it is a good game, just poorly designed RNG mechanic."
76561198127234801,Not Recommended,290340,15231956,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Boland,"I love board games, so I was thrilled to read the great reviews for Armello. After a couple of games I am a bit disappointed. I thought it had a lot more depth, and would be very much fun to play, but it's just not my thing. Walking around is hard, because of all the mobs, mountains, etc. It's over in a blink, and then it's waiting for other players / mob's to do their things.Killing the king is very hard too, the Perils are very tough and it's easy to get killed when attacking the king.And it can be super annoying sometimes, e.g. you are almost near your quest, a Bane pops up in the night and kills you because you have one rot, he has much more, so he has so many dice it's impossible to win.In the end I had fun the first 1-2 games, but then it was just boring / annoying."
76561198112323759,Not Recommended,290340,15957187,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,morehah,"I enjoyed the concept of Armello, but it was way too fast paced for what I was excepting. I personally would have preferred a slower take on the game working your way towards becoming ruler of the kingdom. If there was time to truly grow your character, ability to roll your stats, armor slots, and better quests. The ""story"" reminds me of Endless Legend where the whole ""story"" is driven by script quests, and no gain of knowledge or depth. At this point Armello feels like a good start, but needs refinement. Armello feels too niche too be effective. My thought would be to remove the novice feeling card system, and apply a skill, and equipment system.Graphics are beautiful and breath a breath of fresh air.6/10"
76561198062628712,Not Recommended,290340,31395174,Posted: 27 April,all,Johnny Cash,too expensive for a board game
,Not Recommended,290340,22950351,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Mr.Grim [King of Australia],its kinda Ehh the gameplay doesnt thrill me as much and it seems a little boring :P
76561197975914660,Not Recommended,290340,26686183,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Murder Bucket,This game is terrible.  Turns take too long.  There's no description of what's happening.  Save your money.  This is not worth buying.  I got an immediate refund.
76561198016730036,Not Recommended,290340,14274920,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,PsychoDino,The devs have said they are making 4 heros exclusive to kickstarter backers for a few months. Not ok!
76561197991586360,Not Recommended,290340,15271693,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Tetsuo 6.7,Can I return this game? I dont know what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on. Thiers no tutorial.
76561197960542388,Not Recommended,290340,22990578,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,DelitaCanada,"really tried to get into this game, couldn't even get past the prologue, loaded up brokeback mountain and felt better about the time I wasted"
76561197965622411,Not Recommended,290340,17577506,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Glaring Clowder,Don't waste your money.
76561197961315946,Not Recommended,290340,26685404,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Notomo,eh
76561198016381485,Not Recommended,290340,23873473,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Piranha,"This game should remain a board game and never, ever, ever set foot in the digital world. It is simply horrid and unsuited as a game.It is absurdly slowpaced, the playing field is absurdly tiny and the replayability (seems to be) near non-existent.Do not buy this game. No, just no."
,Not Recommended,290340,22651325,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Adam The Wolf,i got the game and tryed it out and it seems that there are not many player modle are in the game like there aint any fox player mold cat modle Dragon Molde and so on i would go back to it when it gets more worked on
76561197994195853,Not Recommended,290340,14151197,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Gr8 MARSian,Only one thing is good in this game is Art.
76561198076876602,Not Recommended,290340,22922628,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Germican,MEH
76561198002554370,Recommended,290340,30379146,Posted: 7 March,all,Scary Terry,"Great stuff. Intensely polished.This game really feels like a fairy tale. Happy talking animals with very dark undertones. Simple to learn, but hard to master. High replayability, fun multiplayer, did i mention how polished this game is, every corner of it sparkles. Huged pool of items and spells that make for a unique experience every time. Love the animation on the cards. Considering what some games are charging for an alpha/beta game this is a steal. I don't have any kids, but this game is fun and appropreate for all ages."
,Not Recommended,290340,30437969,Posted: 10 March,all,chabo chabo,"I love this game. It's so much fun. It's like a board game you can play with friends or strangers. It's seriously got to be the best game in this price range..... but it's unplayable. Literally half the games you play will bug out. Someone will end their turn and the game will just stop responding until someone quits the game. Lookat the r/armello subreddit or the community hub- this has been going on since launch, and has never been fixed. If it is fixed, I will gladly change this to a positive review.But as of 3/10/2017, the issue persists, and I can't recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,290340,30449372,Posted: 11 March,all,Mother_Bird,"I would absolutely recommend this game it's a great blend of RPG and a strategy game, it has a wide variety of characters with different abilities and perfect ways to spice up the game with cards"
,Recommended,290340,30515521,Posted: 14 March,all,ArcticDivinity,Pretty fun
,Recommended,290340,30506569,Posted: 14 March,all,gtch,"A great game, carefully thought out and balanced so you always have a chance to come from behind and win with a risky move. Probably my favourite multiplayer game at the moment, its games of around an hour are long enough to allow some strategy but short enough to not get dull."
,Recommended,290340,30503274,Posted: 14 March,all,KimchiSoup,"A great deal of character and board-gamey-ness.  Definitely a slow burner, with bits of excitement sprinkled through."
76561198075449143,Recommended,290340,18938987,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Ru,"Easy to learn, plenty of strategy. Beautiful visuals."
76561198126445437,Recommended,290340,18331775,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,jcar22.82,"The graphics for this game are beautiful, especially considering it's a board game. Contrary to what many other reviews may state, using strategy really does help progress one's game. I will concede that luck has a huge role in the game which can be frustrating especially when trying to unlock some of the medals. All in all I find this an enjoyable relaxing game."
76561198063840510,Recommended,290340,18337027,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,tyleegoat,"i love this game, but I really think it should have a local/ splitscreen type play. It's super amazing and could only get better with co-op"
,Recommended,290340,19435267,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Vi,"TLDR: Recommended ONLY if it is on sale for 50% or so, or if you are a fan of playing board games with family/friends. Very pretty game that can be quite engaging the first times you play it. However, stay clear if you are not a fan of ""luck based"" games, if you just want to singleplay to play it everyday AND if you expect to win every session. That won't happen.Full review:It can be horribly unfair, or it can be downright cake walk, like a lot of board games out there this game will really test your luck.Sometimes you may start out with a lot of gold, thus you then would base your play method on playing a lot of trick cards to troll the other Heroes while you focus on getting prestige or something else.Other times you may get a very rare and strong equipment cards, to the point where (as it happened to me on one session) in a few turns you could get a combo that gives you 9 shields at the start of every battle, making you pretty much unkillable in that way (they can still kill you with spells/traps/etc however).And other times... well, you may get killed before the next dawn over and over. Traps, unlucky dice rolls, getting quest objectives that are on the other side of the map of where you are... and maybe then the King and his ""favorite"" Hero will decide on next turn to strip you off all your cards or gold! Fun times indeed.No single game session is the same, which is actually a good thing since it won't feel repetitive too fast gameplay-wise, and the game uses a card system for your items and spells, and they all come with animated pictures which are overall beautiful to look at. Overall, the art and design of this game is its best aspect in my opinion.Unfortunately, it does get repetitive on other areas. For example, the game is really lacking on type of ""tiles"" for the map (maybe something like water tiles which take 2 AP but make you immune to spells? or maybe something like a Dungeon-Fort that awards you with an item/card if you manage to defeat a strong enemy in it? just a few examples out of my mind right now), and on map diversity as well, with there only being 2 map types (normal and winter, which are only for asthetic porpuses), it really gets dull fast and it really feels like more could have been done with these aspects.Length of each session is what I believe ""enough"". The game has a sort of turn limit since each day the King will get weaker and weaker until his health is depleted which ends the game session unless someone kills/banishes the king before that. This usually takes about 20 turns or so and overall each session tends to last about 2-3 hours depending on how fast players play their turns. After playing it for a while (say, 7-8 full game sessions) it will probably become too repetitive on its visuals, but gameplay should still feel fun and fresh every time you play, especially if you play with other people rather than the AI.Nice game with evident flaws, but nothing that cannot be polished on future updates. And even if they aren't, its still a good game to play once every now and then especially with other people as you would with any board game."
76561198062039191,Not Recommended,290340,19422175,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Sir poezer,"I have picked this game up in a sale, because it looked like a great game. When I first started it up I was very excited. The music and the artwork were amazing. The animations were smooth and looked nice and the characters were diverse and looked unique.After a few games though I started noticing a rather agitating patern. Almost every game I played ended the same way, a prestige victory. The game is so chance based, in both the rolls and cards that it is incredibly difficult to get enough good gear and stats to defeat the king. Not just that, but try to go for the spirit stone or rot victory and it becomes even harder since you need to collect even more stuff.The dice roll mechanic looks like a fun idea, but with a 1/2 chance of getting an attack and 1/6 chance of getting a defence, with the possibility of getting infinite attacks with the dice-explosion, it becomes incredibly difficult to stay alive. Even with 8 dice you can still easily see yourself losing against 4, which can be infuriating.The world looks amazing and I love the characters, but with every aspect of the game being affected by chance takes away part of the fun. It's a real shame, because the game looks amazing and the music is great. If it wasn't so heavily influenced by chance it would be a way better game than it is now."
,Recommended,290340,19357875,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,pandootz,"The gameplay is really entertaining, it strangely combines features you can find in Civilization V, Heroes of Might and Magic and a few board games;it's not too simple, not too complex;the characters are really awesome and there's some humor you can find in art.My favorite part is the amazing graphics that has been put together by multiple very talented artists.Currently trying to convince friends to buy it."
76561198045469574,Recommended,290340,19198303,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Chemical_Canine,"I really enjoy this game, and I plan on playing it ALOT more after I put this review online. When you pick up the game without playing the prologue (Didn't even try that just jumped into it) its a bit disorientating at first, but you learn pretty quickly how to play the game and strengthen your character. What is really nice is that there is a way for everyone's playstyle to win. For the Fighters you can just fight the king (Very tough in the early game) For the Questers you can always go after spirit stones or just gain Prestige. The Cunning or Ruthless theres a Rot battle with the king or just making sure that when the king and his oppenent die you're the one that gets the crown hehe. What I think needs improvement is the amount of characters you can select from, or the power to create your own. Combat is enjoyable though, its really D&D style with the roll of the dice. Overall its a really great game with wonderful animation and artistic style and great gameplay. A good game to play with friends. 9 out of 10 Spirit Stones :3"
,Recommended,290340,19312850,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Bullfinch,"Nice implementation of board game with good balance, easy to lern but hard to master rules, and absolutely adorable art. You can play offline with bots or online with 3 other real players, which is much more interesting. Average game takes 40-60 minutes; waiting for party takes 1 to 15 minutes. Devs are actively working on new content; they recently introduced the possibility to play with house rules.All in all, it's a ""definitely buy"" for people who like board games, and ""possibly buy"" for people who just like turn-based strategies. If it's on sale, it's ""definitely buy"" for both."
,Recommended,290340,19392751,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,KizunaV,"love the gameplay, graphics are nice and the story is great"
76561198211361413,Recommended,290340,30076255,Posted: 21 February,all,Skyrim,GOOD GAME
76561198103895720,Recommended,290340,18308668,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,FluffyGuy2077,"A game that on the surface seems complex but once learned the game is just fun. The game's art is amazing from the 3d board to the 2d battle scene to the cards. Machinic wise the game plays well and with 4 ways to win the game and the different combination of rings and amulets and cards; finding ways to win to a fun challenge. I have put 4 hours of the game on the PS4 and about 7 on the pc and have enjoyed every minute.My issues with the game is mainly with the multiplayer. The lack of local multiplayer is a bit dissapointing, especially with the release of the steam box coming, I feel like this being able to have friends over and playing would be awesome. Also this game has great potential for cross platforming, but that is strictly my opinion.For 20 dollars (US) its a great buy and I would highly suggest this game to board game lovers."
76561198031993233,Recommended,290340,18538684,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,noombnootz,"Do you like board games? Do you like computer games? (obviously, you're reading this :))  If so, you owe it to yourself to give armello a try.The game mechanics are incredibly well put together. The various avenues to win require different engaging strategies. And the luck of the dice yield the same rage/glee enducing moments you love about board games.And the little details are not to be forgotten.  From the graphics of the beautiful ""board"" to the fluid and visually pleasing animation of the 'cards' - the artwork is top-notch."
,Recommended,290340,17917147,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,murmaeder,"looks beautiful, i bought it but havent played yet.  it says full controller support, but my logitech gamepad that works with every single game on my pc if it says even partial controller support, doesnt register in armello.   so,,, not full controller support.i think i will enjoy this game, so im looking forward to changing this annoying orange thumbs down to a glorious blue thumbs up when they fix this.    i did after all buy the game because it was controller supported."
76561198005893025,Recommended,290340,18668548,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,MerryHangedMan,"If you like beatiful tabletop games and can cope with RNG, this game is for you."
76561198116297355,Recommended,290340,18297760,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Felgrand,"The dev team were super helpful and responsive when I had difficulties getting the game to run. After I figured out what was wrong, I was delighted by the simple game structure and the delicious aesthetics. Would reccomend!"
76561198043499721,Recommended,290340,18512582,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,dreyheart10,"I like this game. It can get frustrating at times when you get ganged up on, but still fun nonetheless."
76561198104781556,Recommended,290340,18647751,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,K-Star,"fantastic board game with a great mix of strategy and randomness. Plus great soundtrack featuring vocals by Lisa Gerrard (think ""Gladiator"" theme)"
76561198191357509,Recommended,290340,19758489,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,weirdpeoplearecool,"I am not a gamer, however I enjoy playing online boardgames with my fiance and when we first played Armello I found it to be a very simple game to pick up easily. It didn't take me long to understand the rules or how to win the game. I highly recommend this game to everyone, especially newbies."
,Recommended,290340,19595749,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,KNTDIVR,This game is pretty damn fun to play with a few friends. especially when youre all on chat
,Recommended,290340,19250475,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,CVictor the boyfriend bear!,"Armello is a STRATEGY GAME, if it's not your cup of tea, don't drink it.Now, for the review: This is a great blend of tabletop RPG, Card games and tactical turn-based RPGs.The Art is amazing, the game is easely addicting and, besides it's long matches, it's got a SAVE SYSTEM.So you'll never have to forfeit challenges (like the Rot Victory, geez), and this game should have a 4-packversion. The AI is good, but this game is clearly meant to be played by humans: Decisions, bad calls,devilish political manipulation. Only a table with 4 humans would make alliances against a pretige leaderwhereas bots wouldnt even think of it.A short match with bots is around one hour long, but again: Save system. Player matches could go up to 2 or 3.TL;DR:Furry Game of Thrones, this pretty, this fun, for this price?It's a steal, a giveaway, specially if you play with friends!"
76561198058584158,Recommended,290340,18843798,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Lon Solo,"i really like this game, but it really doesn't work with the new patch."
76561198025853432,Recommended,290340,18909139,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,vash3055,great game
76561197991019394,Recommended,290340,18964946,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Kaerbear,"Very clearn, fun, artistic board game that offers good strategic depth. Fun for kids and adults. Solid, repeatable gameplay. A+!"
76561198057854646,Recommended,290340,18729150,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Good Guy,"Nice strategy game, but a few MP bugs could spoil your experience, game is playbale right now. As for borad-based game, RNG rules here.+""Good-looking"" grahics/designShort games (usually, less than 1 hour)Beautiful music-A few bugsPoor Balance (Sana is pure imba, rats sux in the same time)Lots of RNG (CON for me, coz i'm extremey unlucky with rng)"
,Recommended,290340,18334967,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,agentx,"This is a fantastic game and I'm following any supplementary material that gets released in the future.Pros:-Every game has enough variety so it never gets old-The game is fluid enough that it's possible to change your entire strategy before endgame if needed-Well-balanced characters-Good balance of luck and strategy-Fantastic art and fluid animation-Original world building. While there's a clear Redwall influence, it's definitely its own unique universeCons:/-Inability to view the entire map- scrolling around to find your quest is frustrating-Have to buy four copies to play multiplayer with friends-No free form chat. All the chat options are preselected, making clear communication in multiplayer almost impossible.Comments:-There's a significant amount of luck involved, but with a fertile mind you can turn even strokes of bad luck to your advantage. Apparently there's official backstories, but I can't find the sources online so if anyone knows where to find them, please drop me a line."
,Recommended,290340,19348078,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Patralex,"Armello is certainly an interesting game, to say the least.We'll start with the story:Armello is a land plague by The Rot, a corruption that feeds on life force. Playing through the prologue gives you a wonderful tutorial, as well as the enjoyable story itself.Gameplay:The game itself is unique, differing from turn-based stragetgy games like Sid Meier's Civilization by adding a dice system. Players can burn cards to ensure they get a roll they like for single dice, and roll the rest, randomly getting fighting results. In addition, you can customize your battles and dice rolls with Equipment cards, and your Party cards.While turns can take a little while, you do have the ability to play cards from your hand during anybody's turn, dealing damage, laying traps, or buffing your own hero. The game generally has a dusk/dawn system, with the game generally ending at the 10th Dawn. Each player acts during the dawn phase, then the time rolls over to dusk, where turns reset, granting new advantages between day and night cycles. The game gets a little repetitive after several games, with only 8 heros to choose from. The tile-randomization on the map is helpful, as well as the starting trinkets you choose to buff your character, but unless new heros are added soon, you might quickly find yourself bored. Multiplayer can provide a different challenge from the story mode AI, and is generally similar to Civ V in that respect. It's fun, but may not be for everybody.Graphics and Sound:The soundtrack is beautiful to listen to, and is relaxing to listen to. The sounds that play during character animations are pleasant as well, and very suiting, especially with the game's art style. The artwork of the game is beautiful. Cards have animated graphics, Heros and NPCs alike have unique animations. The cartoony and furry-esque themed style is adorable, and can easily captivate those who find fluffy creatures cute.OVERALL, I'd recommend getting this game, especially when it's on sale, although I feel the $20 pricing is justified. The game is fun, but it does need a tad more content -- namely, a few more cards and heroes would be nice."
76561198019597503,Recommended,290340,19353293,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Aztegio,"I played this game a little over 15hours, and i must say I'm still entertained and i haven't even tried playing all the cards.I know some of you read up before you buy games, and thats a smart move. Thats why i wan't to endorse this game for the sake of padding the back of the team that made it.Pros:Wonderfull Art & Sound.Endless Replay Value.A Perfect Multiplayer game to play with friend's (Cause your never knocked out of them game before someone wins)You are in control of how your hero/heroin evolve and progress.It's Game of Thrones meets Redwall.Cons:Fairly new game needs a bit of balancing (Manny ways to win a game but.. some just feels alot easyer than others)Just added options to change up game rules but it lacks power. (Need to be able to cut out some win cons)Cons are to be looked at with a bit of forgiveness this is 30 days after release and balancing are already being addressed, and that options menu i was talking about.. well its added just need some tweaks..All in all this is entertaining and will live as long as you got people to play with.Regards Aztegio"
76561198033419637,Recommended,290340,19352992,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Haresay,"love it, it's hard to tare yourself away from. Hope that they think of doing additional content! Because This game is definitely a fun game."
76561198039772472,Recommended,290340,19353977,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Always Disconnect,"Hey!! Have you evey play bord game like Quest Master before?By lovely graphics, ability card and turn base style this game will remind your childhood again.Even though the game still have simple story, not so many ability card and not various field but still enjoyable to play.If you are the person who like to play bord game, this game is good choice for  Autumn Sale.7/10"
76561197962030479,Recommended,290340,20438276,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,moldavia,"Not too long, yet fun and engaging. You'll definately find a favorite to play as."
76561198016610676,Recommended,290340,20434790,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,{vG.}Lt.Buffin,Very good game in overall.  It is a turn based play like Heroes and play likes heroes might of magic.  However you have 1 unit and it auto revive.I like it quite unique :).The freakingCON is that the MULTIPLAYER IS ALWAYS EMPTY.....at least you can play a single player game while waiting but it can take for ever!!!!
76561197972398779,Recommended,290340,20411135,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Ashambles,"Armello is a fun, relaxed strategy game, one of those whose rules are relatively simple to grasp, but that allows for a number of viable strategies to emerge. I like it because a multiplayer game takes from 45 minutes to an hour or so to play, making it a good way to relax at the end of a workday or when downtime presents itself. Each of the heroes feels fairly well balanced; although some dominant strategies have emerged in multiplayer games, smart players have multiple ways to disrupt one another's pursuit of the throne. In single player games, the AI is competent, and it's a good way to experiment with different streategies, although the true meat of the game is multiplayer. The art is fantastic and the music quite nice.If you can't stand losing a strategy game due to the luck of the die or the draw of the card, this one might not be for you. Because of these random elements, it's difficult to come into a game with a solid strategy, and adapatability is required. If you could customize your card deck, a more reliable strategy might be possible. For me, these elements are not a problem. Another downnside to the game at this point (Jan 2015) is that it can be difficult at times to find partners for a skirmish match. It would be nice to be able to fill out a random group with an AI player or two as you can in private games.I hope in the near future we'll see ranked multiplayer, bringing a sense of progress to multiplayer games. In the meantime, Armello remains a great way to realx with a lite but challenging turn-based strategy game."
76561198095417202,Recommended,290340,20656424,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Mercy Missles,"very fun turn based game, while it can be difficult at times the challenge makes ya think more before making your choices."
76561198078335432,Recommended,290340,20693584,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,keithbab,A fun game to play online with friends.  The only negative I have is that if you have a slightly dodgy internet or computer and you get disconnected from the game you can not reconnect and have to wait for the next game. This can become very frustrating if it happens a few games in a row (and especially if you are only a turn or two from winning).
76561198005691959,Recommended,290340,20820054,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,"Sequester Grundleplith, M.D.","This game may or may not be to your tastes, but if this is the sort of thing you're into you'll have a blast.  The artwork and music are beautiful, and they lend a lot of weight to the world and characters (although the lore really is just a flavorful backdrop; don't expect to get sucked in by the story or anything.)  It's a digital board game with some light RPG elements, where your goal is to succeed the current king of Armello, who is suffering from a magical corruption that is driving him mad and slowly killing him.  There are multiple paths to victory, which means there's usually a way for you to pursue victory even if your first choice doesn't work out.  It's not enough to go after the king, though.  You need to be laying traps, making opportunistic attacks, and generally just screwing over the other players as much as possible.Combat in the game is extremely lethal, and there is a heavy element of randomness to the whole game, both of which can cause some frustration; both of those factors do make the game more exciting, though.  Think of it like the board game that it is, not a competitive esport - sometimes victory just goes to whoever rolls best, and that's okay.  You're just there to have a good time."
76561198080910417,Recommended,290340,20706969,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,grangle1,"This is a really thematic, enjoyable game to play.  There are three (though the devs say four) different ways to win, combined with eight playable characters (minus the Bandit Clan), which makes for a nice variety of strategy and playstyle options.  If playing against the AI the game is on the easy side (I've only ever lost to the AI once), so at least for me, the challenge comes not from winning but figuring out the best way to maximize my winning potential with the setup I choose.  The randomly generated environments are another nice touch for interesting gameplay and almost infinite replay value.  Visually the game looks beautiful and fits the theme very well, and the music is good, providing a nice audio background.  It's not too exciting but it gets the job done.  Games last about an hour, which is just right for this kind of game; not too short, but not so long it gets burdensome, and if you don't have enough time to get a round in you can save and pick it up later.The game isn't perfect, though.  While I am a big fan of board games in general and this is great for a video board game, it's just the nature of video board games that you're going to spend a lot of time waiting for the other players to take their turn.  It doesn't help that again, if you're playing against AI, even if you're set to fast AI turns and watching the dice roll during battles, the AI players' turns can be boring and take a long time to resolve.  As for multiplayer, the lack of local hotseat multiplayer is a big let-down.   The last potential negative I see is something I don't mind, given that I do like these kinds of games, but others may be annoyed by it:  you do have stats that you build and quests you go on to increase them, but luck remains a sizeable factor in the outcome of the game:  dice are rolled and cards are drawn, and while you can increase your maximum hand of cards or number of dice you have in battle or during trap tests, if the dice don't roll your way or someone else gets the awesome card you're looking for, you may still potentially lose the game.  Part of the strategy and fun for me is figuring out ways to work around that, and it's not too hard to do so and still win, but it can get frustrating when you're trying to win in a certain way in order to unlock a ring or amulet.This game is already great fun, and I would definitely recommend it, though I do see great potential for expanisions in the future to make it even better, adding characters, cards and/or different mechanics and scenarios.  If they do add more expansions (I know there is the Bandit Clan but I don't have it) I'm definitely going to pick it up!  Here's hoping for more in the future!"
,Recommended,290340,20536233,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Dangerous Pudding,Digital Boardgame with great feels with every decision of how you played the game and how you decide's to finish the with 4 types of endingthe part i liked the most is where every time you started a new game your map will never be the same
76561198097813158,Recommended,290340,20492837,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,[KRAG] Canterlot Royal Guard,"A well designed, vast board game with many paths to victory. Fascinating strategical interplay and enough RNG to force you to change strategies mid game."
76561197993644071,Recommended,290340,20839991,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Carrello,"Great game over all, though most walk throughs on how to get a Rot victory did not work. Since the rats allowed me to get the cards to collect the Rot powers and low HP to be easier to be killed by the birds to get more Rot."
,Recommended,290340,23818770,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Z3ltu,"This is a style of game I never thought I would play, but after watching the trailer, listing to the music and seeing the graphics I was sold...atm 14 hours of playing (mostly losing) I still enjoy the gameplay and the atmosphere of the game.As with any multiplayer game, it IS more fun with friends, but the still fun when playing with randoms."
76561198058051839,Recommended,290340,23903467,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Priestly,"Armello is, quite simply, an incredibly well designed game.It's basically a digital card game / board game hybrid which combines strategic decision making and multiplayer bluffing and politics with a moderate degree of randomness. Yes, most actions in the game are determined by dice rolls but if you use your cards efficiently this can be mitigated to such a large extent that the victor is nearly always determined by strategic play rather than luck (I personally have around a 70% win rate at the time of writing and trust me, I'm not that lucky) .On balance the gameplay works extremely well and creates interesting situations with a surprising amount of replayability. Armello is by no means a game which you binge all day every day (although you could if you wanted to) but it's fantastic for a couple hours of laid back fun every now and then.The game has a theme and art style which somehow immediately reminded me of the Redwall books I used to read when I was younger. It's somewhat cartoony but in an extremely polished, non-comical way. The 8 different characters that can be played all have different playstyles and are, on the whole, surprisingly well balanced. Many CCGs released these days could actually learn a lot from Armello in terms of game balance because the same is true for the cards in the game. Even  cards which are less obviously useful and might sit dead in your hand for a turn or two can still be 'burned' for beneficial effects in combat or in perils (traps basically).The only criticisms I have are that there are still a few bugs here and there (the most annoying one being a bug that freezes the game when a player gains AP using Strategist or Hot-Rot Wine when it's not their turn) and that ranked mode has still not been implemented.This is a real shame as the game definitely has the player base to support it. The amount of players seems to have actually gone up significantly since the game was released on Steam and it rarely takes longer than half a minute to find a game at the time of writing.Overall, highly recommended."
76561198022940536,Recommended,290340,23884174,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Luckiernut,This is like a civ board game meets game of thrones with amazing art and soundtrack! Get it.
76561198060779460,Recommended,290340,23844311,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Fion,Seriously this game is just awesome. Bought it today and kept playing it with my normal pen and paper/tabletop group. It´s just splendid. If you are not sure trust me buy it! Drawings and animation are superb same for the soundtrack. There is so much work inside this project. Hope you will take a look!
76561198027362452,Recommended,290340,23847020,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,lostcody,"Bought this game because it's setting and style intrigued me,and was looking for something different too most game in my library.Boy,i'm so glad i picked this game up.It's no trouble finding a game and when you do get in your brought into a great mechanical and charming game were your constantly changing and adapting while stopping anyone else from winning.Worth every penny and can't wait for future content."
76561198046469572,Recommended,290340,23627583,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Cyberϟam,"Okay I picked this up today, played the prologue and the first mission. It's really a fun game of Tactic, Random dice rolls and quests. Quite interesting way to make a game, I enjoy it very much. I am a fan of tactics games, so this applied to me. Though this isn't so much a tactics game, as it is a RNG with some tactics for questing and positioning. Multiplayer is something I'll be looking to get into asap, to make full use of this game. Buy it if you think you'd like it, it really is fun and well done!"
76561197985807239,Recommended,290340,23616706,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Vincent Miers,A fun elecronic board game with plently of strategy.
76561198023715334,Recommended,290340,23646217,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Bo the Dank Peryton,"Basically a dice-based board game.  Fun for a while, but nothing innovative.  Solid graphics.Give it a go for under $15.00."
76561197988904291,Recommended,290340,23660880,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Jvie,a good game
,Recommended,290340,23686730,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,jlc2,Fun and surprisingly deep gameplay for a boardgame style digital game.  Winning all the different ways requires significantly different strategies and some luck as well!
,Recommended,290340,27375618,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TombSten,This game is just amazing if you are looking for a multiplayer turn based game that dosent take forever to finish
76561198086795514,Recommended,290340,27376709,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheForgivin-117,"I'm not sure I can recommend this game enough. It's engaging in story and gameplay, with beautifuly polished visuals that really give the in-game world a breath of life. The OST only adds to the atmosphere, presenting a fantasy feel that seems reminicent to LotR. It's easy to learn but can be difficult to master depending on who and how you're playing.The only two downsides are the multiplayer and current lack of content. Unfortunately, while it is as engaging as the main game, the multiplayer is best experienced with friends or family whom you know will see the whole match through. The offered content is a little lacking as well, especially at the price they're asking. I would wait for any of the DLC to go on sale before purchasing them.Overall, 9/10; an excllent game that's deffinitely worth your time if you're into the fantasy genre, RPGs, and/or table-top gaming."
76561198030130957,Recommended,290340,27366335,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,walkerredeye,"a nice (ifn confusing...) boardgame on teh computer, sslow inplaces but pretty to look at"
76561198033135651,Recommended,290340,27103092,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dark_Phoenix,"A really beautiful game, with a few issues. Online play is where the meat of this game is but it has its flaws and bugs still. I have played a few matches and had some real problems connecting (you can get stuck on a waiting screen ALOT!), also there is this real problem in the community with just disconnecting when you are about to lose (At least one player always seems to drop out in every game I've played) .It's a  hilarious strategic game with friends but online with random strangers it can become a real slog.Still it has amazing graphics and a wonderful lot of world building going for it. The character's are great with a awesome design to them. The card system is pretty cool and over all the design work/art work in this game is beautfully done.I was not disappointed but I can still see why some people would be and I hope they (the game studio) keep working to make this game better like they have been from day one!"
,Recommended,290340,27079368,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ninja Serb,A brilliant little video board game.  Messing with your opposition and gaining power to overthrow the Evil King.
76561198264886810,Recommended,290340,27079541,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BigBabWolf,"Want to make an alliance with a Wolf Clan member, Magna, and then 2 turns later be bludgeoned in the back to death with her t h i c c shield? Or have someone who wanted your bounty become your one chance of survival? Anything is possible with the help of frendship and/or treachery. Curs."
76561197977492960,Recommended,290340,27079558,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sharxan,It's like GoT with Animals and dices.
76561198013500135,Recommended,290340,27208009,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Borghal Rantipole,"Table top board game done right for your PC. Still one of the best games in my library . Oh, and those animals can be more vicious than Ramsay Snow."
,Recommended,290340,27175630,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Paxis,"If you enjoy board games, dice, and neat art, check it out! Best when you can get a group of 4 friends over voice chat."
,Recommended,290340,27231580,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,私って、ほんとバカ,Board game + Game of Thrones = Armmello
,Recommended,290340,27229184,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ender's ShadowX,Highly recommend this game. Armello has the classic board game feel and every game feels different. Developer also communicates well with the community. This game is worth your time and money.
,Recommended,290340,27129981,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,xCelticWolf,This game is fun to play with friends and vs A.I.
,Recommended,290340,27187954,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Strawbelbadude,A fun multiplayer experience.
,Recommended,290340,27118986,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Moonteeth,classic game
76561198045600355,Recommended,290340,26868379,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stephinfection,"It's a well balanced and very beautiful game. It has been up dated a few times to improve mechanics. There are some graphical and sound glitched but they don't hinder the gameplay. Overall, I've really enjoyed it."
76561198032625392,Recommended,290340,26824545,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vorack [RDT],"I like that there is no sure way to win the game, it has a lot of variety"
,Recommended,290340,26828335,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vaekaera,"Bought this as a speculative purchase, because the concept seemed nice, and I like tabletop games generally.The game is surprisingly compelling. The concept is reasonably simple, and the art is lovely. You fight to become animal king of the world, building your stats through gear and quests. Combat and danger altimately come down to rolling a handful (or bucket full) of dice, and there's something satisfying in seeing a few dice hit the ""succeed and roll again"" result several times in one test.You will at some points get destroyed by RNGesus, but overall the game balances out, and has enough for the price to keep you entertained. For me it's not going to be one I'll play obsessively, but I will keep coming back for a bit more fun. Would definitely recommend."
76561198011365933,Recommended,290340,26836134,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lord Albior,"At first, I though I was a very different kind of game. I was very disappointed when I start to play this game. I was hoping for a bigger story. But, I had to give it a chance. I played again. Again... Again...This game began to shine when I  learn how to use the beautiful mix of cards,  dices and board game. The art is awesome and almost alive. The lack of the storyline I was expecting found a good replacement on the eerie fairy-tale atmosphere of the game. If you want a good game to play with your pals forever, I can bet you not gonna find a better fit."
76561198031453982,Recommended,290340,26874642,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hamster,"I bought this game because of it's sweet cinematic trailer.It's really awesome, like a animal-fantasy version of game of thrones!"
,Recommended,290340,26873580,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Joriel,Really well made board game with an awesome design
,Recommended,290340,22404681,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Buckley,"Thoroughly enjoyable game, despite the gameplay mechanics being a little daunting at first glance. The art style and animations are the perfect blend of cutesy and fantastical, with a little bit of violence thrown into the mix. I would like to see more heroes and different clans even, but the choices so far are great."
76561198066626906,Recommended,290340,22331108,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Marni,"Armello is a beautiful game with a fun story and compelling characters, but the RNG makes me not want to play - and I've played nearly 20 hours since I got it. I would've played more if I hadn't had work/school, but recently it's been less fun. I've noticed that in battle the opponent will get many many more rolls of the dice than I will - not that they'll have more dice to start with, but they'll get more Wylds (or rots, if it's a Bane) and more appropriate suns/moons, and more shields. Basically, even though we'll start out with a respectable number of dice each, when it comes down to what hits land and what shields go up, the AI will generally be massively better off than I am. This is not to say that I expect to win every time, but there's a difference between being outplayed and being just ripped off by the RNG. It takes the fun out of the game.It's worth noting that the randomness everywhere else in the game seems even - the quests are spread out, the dungeons yield a fair spread, and so on. It's just the battle RNG, and the perils as well, though to a slightly lesser extent.Armello Devs, please do something about this, because I really love the game and want to recommend it to everyone WITHOUT having to warn them that the RNG is kind of bogus."
76561197992713538,Recommended,290340,23048610,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Plasm Spasm,"This game is a lot of things.It's complex, but games are short.It's challenging, yet casual.It's complicated, yet very simple to understand.Victory relies on both luck and strategy.And it's very easy and rewarding to play as a valiant knight, a scheming thief, a treasure hunter, or a psychotic marauder.It's a fun game and I wish I could've supported it on Kickstarter.Oh yeah, and it's very pretty. The little animations on the cards are ♥♥♥♥ing great."
76561198121835986,Recommended,290340,23061273,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,benzaking,"Only started playing this game in the last week, but I can tell I will be playing it for quite some time. I really enjoy most of the characters, though I wish there were a few more, and the different strategies that can be employed make the game very replayable, with different tools becoming available after a certain number of games with different characters, giving the game even more variety."
,Recommended,290340,25276416,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,The Great Mav,"Even though you might have paid U$20 bucks for this game (or £15/€20), the developers still force you through banner ads (you either click on ""buy DLC"" or ""Continue"") every time you complete a game. Yes, on a paid game. It's shameful and deserves a negative review regardless of whether or not the game is any good.EDIT: This seems to have stopped, so I'm changing my review to positive, as it appears to have been an isolated incident."
76561198027130773,Recommended,290340,25307932,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,DemionBlack,The best virtual board game in the land! A perfect 5/7 I will say.... Just buy it!
,Recommended,290340,25310666,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Cyber Ortek,"I always want to play as a Wolf Sword Master in real battle. But located camera and rounds? Let's just stick to this LOVELY dice system Even if I love all the characters here.One day when they placed these characters and background into a game like skyrim, I'm gonna cry for that.Looking for a skill tested version to this game? TryDivinity:Dragon Commanderif you are a hardcore of this kind."
,Recommended,290340,25323724,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,TechieZero,"If you are a board game geek --- this is calling to you. The production in this game is top notch. While the game mechainics are nothing new, this is done well with a deeply thought-out and imaginative furries theme. I am almost want to call this Ironclaw - The Board Game.This game works well in single and multiplayer - my only request would be for a asynchonous verion of multiplayer.A must buy for me!"
76561198007908787,Recommended,290340,25318565,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Cheddah Slammer,"This game is a really fun relaxing game, and if you don't have the time to deal with games that span for hours, you can just play this game to have fun. The game is really simple to play and their are very many strategies to use to win and prevent your opponents from winning.The better way to play this game is online, especially if you have various friends to do it with.The only problem I can give this game is their are a variety of bugs that freeze the game during online play, and you do not get the chest or key rewards if you quit. If they fix these bugs the game will be perfect."
76561198025645730,Recommended,290340,25298658,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Afire,Game is pretty but new characters are need some extra money it is bad for a game and their users(they need money to enhance the game i understand it and i change my mind this way ) And the game still need to improve the mechanics such as limitless turns mod exc.
76561198038438603,Recommended,290340,21373401,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Keiki,"Its so fun, just like playing a boardgame on PC."
76561198076168026,Recommended,290340,18050788,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Kell,"In single mode, after a few hours, this game is unplayable. It takes you 30 seconds to play your turn, then minutes for the AI to play. Most of your time is spent staring at the computer screen.*UPDATE*: The ability to fully skip AI turns changes things for me. I'm mostly interested in single-player fun, and I'm happy to say Armello becomes an option again. To the devs, thanks for being so gracious about criticism, taking it in stride, and continuing to improve. It makes all the difference."
76561198053684621,Recommended,290340,21561743,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,alterpha,"I have yet to win  a rot battle...and a few of the characters just plain suck i.m.o, so limited in their abilities and rarely get stronger before getting killed a bunch of times first or towards the end of the game when it doesn't really matter.  Overall I find the game to be very random, maybe some skill involved but it is mostly luck and chance.  Like you actually have some decent cards for a change and some other player pulls a card that demands all players to relinquish all the cards they have...and just like that. You've got a handful of crap cards.I've won games that I clearly should have lost. I've had games with 8 or 10 prestige and still lost. It's just random and that is what I don't like about it.As said by others, the art is beautiful, the idea is really cool and I will still play it. But, it still need some work I think in the combat situations. I recommend it only if it's on sale."
,Recommended,290340,21491005,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ChoakenStroake,This is some good♥♥♥♥♥♥I guarantee it.
,Recommended,290340,20352149,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Hobbes,"Big fan of board games and this, while being extremely pretty with amazing art, is a blast to play. It also has a nice game length. Doesn't seem to last too short or too long, generally ending about in an hour or close to it."
,Recommended,290340,20480699,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Peevo,gameplay - 10/10art - 10/10music - 10/10matchmaking time - 0/10game just needs more players
76561198077703753,Recommended,290340,20471930,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,KS,best boardgame ever.
,Recommended,290340,27680415,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lisianthus,"Really cool board game, it's super fun! I highly recommend it. :)"
,Recommended,290340,27678833,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cookie Jedi,"Mechanically, this game plays like a cross between Catan and Risk, or Dungeon Dice Monsters. The hex-grid, playing card, and turn-based elements are classics of the board game genre but Armello takes it a step further, cashing in on some of the features only a virtual game can provide, adding Stealth abilities and a Day/Night cycle.Visually, Armello is a work of art. Alternating between simplistic but well-drawn 2D animation for the in-combat animations and a gorgeously rendered 3D world, Armello flexes its muscles visually while using very little resources to run the game. Transitions are smooth and crisp, there's no clash between the art styles, and the almost-cartoon like stylization gives the game a comfortable charm.I have not played the single-player experience so I cannot comment on that, but several multiplayer games with friends have been completely unique, well designed, balanced, and of course, incredibly fun each time."
76561198019536813,Recommended,290340,27708883,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cú,So good!!!
,Recommended,290340,27593848,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AceOfCubs,Super fun to play with friends! Though you may not keep them for long after a few rounds...
,Recommended,290340,27642213,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,"Müsli, Müsli, mjam mjam mjam.","I am loosing.I AM LOOSING A LOT IN THIS GAME!But for some reason I don't mind. It always feels like a part of greater narrativ.If that sounds interessting to you, go for this game.Oh and the art and music is amazing..."
,Recommended,290340,27620579,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Clover.exe,"A fantastic gem for all fans of board games. The ideal experience is played online with human opponents however the AI is capable of developing its own strategies and can be a challenge in its own right.The boards are beautiful, the animations are gorgeous and the game is still being supported with regular updates that expand the experience."
76561198075933368,Recommended,290340,28029020,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Wavehead,"The game gets better and better with each update. The latest updates have made the game easier to read, with stat changes and card effects over time easier to recognize. Never been a better time to get into it!"
,Recommended,290340,28015077,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,FlamingFox,One of the better Board Game video games out there.
76561197968427479,Recommended,290340,28128478,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,AlexFili,"Armello is a compelling turn-based board game with a variety of different ways to win. There are always 3 opponents (human or AI controlled) along with a variety of NPCs that hinder or help your progress. Being tasked with returning the kingdom to normal, you can choose to defeat the king in combat, become more corrupt than him by being tainted by the 'rot', gather 4 spirit stones to banish him or become the prestige leader and keep the king alive. The different heroes you play as all have their own talents and skills. Each clan has their own rings and coupled with the trinkets and artifacts you uncover during the game you can have a wildly varied hand. At first it seems easy but there are many things out to get you. You have to face perils, survive enemy players and mobs and get close enough to the king to stop him. I love the aesthetics of this game, it certainly feels and sounds like a fantasy adventure you'd want to be a part of. The animal motif fits the theme and the range of cards and effects makes this a deeply complex game. Definitely one of the best board games on Steam."
76561197980237591,Recommended,290340,28111373,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,death-cult-devotion,"The game instantly drew me right in. It's like a 4 way game of magic, with dice rolls and tabletop strategy game. Really great.Edit: found the quick ai turn, took a couple rounds to kick in."
76561198097415329,Recommended,290340,28021407,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,IceDrake071,"This is a game of strategy to tip the odds in your favor. Nothing is ever concrete and therefore very replayable. The memories you can make with friends are fantastic as your grand plan either suceeds for epicly fails. Whatever story your character ventures or stumbles down, odds are, you'll come back for more.The art is fantastic and gorgeous to look at. Zooming in and out actually changes the audio you experience. The sound track and ambience are lovely and a joy to listen to.The gameplay is unique and increasingly fun the more familiar you become with the mechanics. Hunting achievements was never something I did until I played this game.My only request is possibly a campaign mode or maybe a new mode that has more in depth quests. I think the quests mechanic can be explored more and be used as a tool to flush out the world of Armello. Maybe even get us emotionally attached to certain characters."
76561198052264608,Recommended,290340,28059038,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,THe ADHD Turnip,"I'm impatient, I don't care for board games and I don't have a lot of free time on my hands so I didn't want to immerse myself in this game. I was about to refund Armello due to what I thought would be a steep learning curve. I gave the tutorial a second go through and got the hang of the game and it's rather enjoyable.I'm glad I didn't refund. Armello is a complete change of game genre for me. It can be relaxing at times and I love the artwork. Its nice to see developers who are still hard at work releasing content and updates."
,Recommended,290340,28067610,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Swaglord4000,"This game is the prime example of how to RNG properly without♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off your players.Super fun game, definately worth picking it up."
,Recommended,290340,27997426,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Cupcake Crusade,A fight for a crown with alot of deciet and betrayal
,Recommended,290340,24034161,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Arya Raiin,I've really fallen in love with Armello!Pros:-Beautiful art style and animations. The cards are adorable and each one is uniquely animated.-Lovely soundtrack-Multiple ways to progress in each game that challenge your initial strategy.They fixed their connection issues and I can now finish a round in multiplayer without interruption!
76561197993299674,Recommended,290340,24835087,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Burial,"This is a fantastic video board game! I've spent 28 hours playing Armello in the last 5 days and I love it. DLC is launching on 8/30 that will add another 4 or 5 characters. There are 4 ways to win, the game guide is available to learn and to remind you how to win/play."
76561197974397383,Recommended,290340,30844632,Posted: 30 March,all,sambo jones,"Great stuff, victory is quite depdent on the gear though"
76561198052709325,Recommended,290340,24944579,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,DieZombee,"Do you like board games? Then you will love this game. It's a great concept and beautifully done. It definetly has a lasting draw making you want to come back to it to play.I wish the community was a litle bigger, sometimes it's tough to find a game online, but when you do, it's just awesome fun!"
76561198128957424,Recommended,290340,26413978,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Wanderwolf,"I have trouble writing reviews for games, but this is one game i'd go out of my way for. The art is really cool, the game is nice by it's self, and while the A.I. is dim, its a good step onto playing multplayer. I really enyoy strategy games, and this is an excellent example. If you like that kind of stuff, I reccomend you get the DLC."
76561198070921552,Recommended,290340,26427397,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Genuinely Terrible,"Armello; 1st, BEAUTIFUL AND ADORABLE! A spectacular combination of asthetics to have in my opinion! Takes me immediately to the realm of Brian Jacques world of the Redwall series(which was a staple of my childhood reading along with Tolkien. ) I haven't had much trouble with the picture. Might be something to do with the framerate handling well I'm unsure.Gameplay is solid. Its reminescent of a tabletop game just online with amazing animation. The turns can be a bit quirky when the AI's play, but I was also playing with friends so I think that has more to do with the server operation than the game itself. The initial time I played I had been awake for over 24 hours and had a hard time understanding the tutorial. Took me 2 days to complete. I introduced my boyfriend to the game and he got through it in less than 30min so I knew it had to have been me.Overall I think it is a fantastic game! My sister wants to get Amber on a shirt or poster. Its a fun game to play with friends or strangers. I love it! And I will keep converting people haha"
76561198153594493,Recommended,290340,26327573,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,CrabNicholson,"Great game.Pro's:+Easy to learn, mechanics are intuitive+Great visuals,  lots of love put into it (all the cards are animated, for instance)+Fun gameplay: lots of different strategies you can take to victory; and every turn you will be able to make decisions that matter. Luck plays a role in the game, but even if you get bad draws, you can still make use of every card you get.Con's:-Imperfect balance (some cards are extremely weak, IE Pickpockets; while others are potentially game-winning, IE Teleport. Some heroes are better than others. Some starting upgrades are better than others.)-Bugs: the game can freeze and become unplayable. This only happened to me once though."
76561198052903831,Recommended,290340,30825481,Posted: 29 March,all,Mirri,"I enjoy this game quite a bit. I've play roughly equal amounts of single player and multplayer games. It's fun to get the mystery chests from multiplayer games but I still think it's worth the money even if you just play single player. The AI isn't bad, and I've won and lost games against it. If you like strategic boards games in general, this is a good one to venture online with. I usually play one game at a time, maybe two, and time varies but I'd say between half an hour and one hour to finish the game. Turns are set so there is a cap on how long a game can be.The visuals are delightful. The board is pretty and the character movements are smooth. It can take a bit of waiting while NPC's resolve their own rolls (which you can choose to watch or not). I'm often spending that time looking through my cards and deciding what I might want to do for my turn. The music is not obstusive, and makes a good ambience for the game.Just the Vanilla game for me right now, I don't have the DLC but I plan to get it. Right now I find the vanilla characters and options are enough to enjoy the game, and so far I don't find myself being drawn to specific characters or playstyles, or feeling like any one character has a heavy advantage over any other. With several ways to win the game, it allows for more options of play."
,Recommended,290340,24528232,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Avon,Noice.
76561197987196367,Not Recommended,290340,23008283,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,THE MAD CARTOGRAPHER,"I played the minimum to see what was wrong in this game, for me : time spent on waiting for the opponents to play. Three IA playing with me is more than long to wait for their turn to play, and I didn't get the real tactics out of the gameplay waiting this way. It IS a pretty game, and it's remarquably done and worth a try, but a try is alas enough for me, If I wait in a game, it has to be useful and I can't see how I could deploy some tactics while waiting. I would suggest something to allow players to speed up the IA opponent time of play, with a sort of resume on what happens, it would in my opinion raise the interest of the game."
,Recommended,290340,30810752,Posted: 29 March,all,Kaizokufanstar,"The game took so long but the mechanics is very nice, have 5 ways to win... it is very good board game that suitable to play with friends... hope armello can add more free character so that the game could be more interesting"
,Recommended,290340,23955232,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,smetch,"A beautiful board game, good fun if a little easy to win with certian strategies.Not a massive fan of them charging for Twitch subs, as a result of which I won't even follow them, but the game is good if you like boardgames, shame there is no hotseat multiplayer (yes there are issues with opponents seeing cards but it's not hard to have them look away or close their eyes).I would love to see a physical version and would definatly add it to my collection."
,Recommended,290340,23966325,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Strongest Baka⑨,"What I'd expect from a high-quality board game, except with orchestral ambience in the background.Very well designed."
,Recommended,290340,23929709,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,shiny_objects13,Love this game. Still haven't won by Rot Victory yet but I will soon enough.
,Recommended,290340,23945601,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Higgz,Game is stupidly fun.Game is stupidly dumb.Rolling 10+ attack die With exploding die is fun.Not rolling a single shield across 7 die and losing because of it makes me want to kill myself.♥♥♥♥ this game and I love it
76561198004637044,Not Recommended,290340,19290007,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Witold,"It has an amazing look, you think at first it will be very fun... but soon it turns boring and too random in the outcomes"
76561198107322630,Recommended,290340,26049835,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Azzo,Incredibly addictive when playing with friends and loving the new dlc characters they really feel very different to the rest although would liked if they balanced Ghor and Magna but other than that it was def a worth buy and not many games lets one person having the dlcs to also make your friends enjoy it too hopefully the bandit clans come soon though.
76561198038267615,Recommended,290340,26760841,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,pirate piggu,i like the simple strategy of this game. art style is great and animations are good enough to keep it engaging. would be really cool if you had a few friends to play together
,Recommended,290340,24189197,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Red-Halo,"In my opinion, the best part of this game is the stunning art. Each card is brillantly designed, with slight animations.But sadly, the gameplay is a little lacking.The world of Armello seems amazing,  if it had some 'story mode' or other gameplay style, then it ould be great. But it's core game is a simple and repeatitive board game that is too up to chance.I still recommend it for the art, and the amazing world."
76561198098287156,Recommended,290340,24188290,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Dor,"Great presentation, easy to learn, hard to master. If you're a fan of board games and anthropomorphic animals in art e.g. Wind in the Willows/Redwall, this one's a must have."
76561197995786052,Recommended,290340,24203254,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Cyko Phoenix,"Great light srategy game,would reccomend for serious board gamers or turn based strategy fans looking for a fast light game"
,Recommended,290340,24202101,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Droodle,"This is a phenomenal game.  A lot of the mechanics feel like Mage Knight, but it takes a lot less time and there's quite a bit different.  I would say it's a mix between Mage Knight, Talisman, and the World of Warcraft boardgame.It's fun with just AI, but it can really shine if you get some friends together to play.  Either way, I highly recommend it!"
76561198038569059,Recommended,290340,24197524,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,redagc,Good strategy though it's replayblity is limited.  I have played a lot of hours in it though so your mileage may vary.
76561198076350128,Recommended,290340,24184646,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,archangel100 aka Knowlo,Just really love this game and how you are able to choose how you want to play. A good game with friends or randoms.
,Recommended,290340,24185280,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Kalamir,"This game is awesome, the more I play it the more I love it. It's a strategy board game with great art and animations. Several different ways to win and the game is on a timer so you can't just sit back and turtle. Controller support is also terrific, I can play from the couch no problem. Haven't ventured into multiplayer yet but I'm excited to do so, I want to get a little better at the game first."
76561198031240572,Recommended,290340,24180941,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,mikeykrug,Absolutely the best adaptation of a card game for a pc i have ever seen!
,Recommended,290340,24194573,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Boom Boom,very good
,Recommended,290340,24195421,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,karmastew,I love this game! I started playing before it was released and it's been endlessly entertaining. I always loved the Redwall books and this is a loving tribute. The characters are cute and interesting and so far I love all the updates. This feels like a crew that cares about their players.
76561198003477518,Recommended,290340,24193103,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Tomato,Unique and fun!
76561198073426706,Recommended,290340,23793165,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,robz65,"I picked this game up on the artwork and new gaming system and had no expectations. I have found myself playing more often than I had anticipated.The mixture of card based system melded into a boardgame is very well done and immensely fun to play.The  collectible dice system is another great perk to entice players to play against others online (I'm not much an online multiplayer, but I love collecting the dice).Looking forward to new characters!"
76561198263748332,Recommended,290340,28512064,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Anacleto,"You play as a animal hero in a fantasy world (Wolf Warrior, Rat Thief, Bear Druid and so on...) and compete against other players to kill the mad king. It plays like one of those very complex board games with RPG elements, only there's a computer making the game run smooth (and avoiding those endless hours of dispute about the rules with your friends) and there's beautiful, gorgeous 3D animation of fantasy characters acting and fighting on the game board.It's good fun and has pretty decent variety, there are many characters to play as, cards and different paths to victory. Also, Armello is constantly evolving, the developers are releasing new elements of the games and new heroes every few months or so. The internet community are quite nice."
76561198204224115,Recommended,290340,28458623,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Wolfboy1020,"I found this game to very very amazing and entertaining. Both the graphics and the gameplay are excellent.Here's hoping the next update will provide voice actors for the player characters, not just the King."
,Recommended,290340,28161161,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Sgt Nameless 69,"Love it. If you love board games, you'll feel right at home. If you love the thrill of dice either leading you to a road of victory or your demise, you'll love this games reliance upon strategy and luck. Beautiful artwork and soundtrack."
76561197969137910,Recommended,290340,28172416,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Kangee,"I rarely write reviews. I play Dota, Battlefield and love strategy games. This is a really good game, well balanced and exciting. At first I was bored waiting for other players to do their turn but after a few games you really start to pay attention... what is that archer headed for? where is that stealth unit going to be. It is a heart-wrenching game comparable in emotional excitement (or distress) to DayZ."
,Recommended,290340,28504913,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Ataraxia •,Very Nice game. When i first purchased the game I wasn't entirely sure about it. I reckond it might get boring very quickly but man; was I wrong.This game is very fun and best of all very relaxing to play. You could be watching TV and playing the game by occasionally.making your move. It is very fun to play with friends as well and the characters are just fantastic.
76561197997460935,Recommended,290340,28355215,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,BlizArmy,"I like the game. You can find plenty of info on the game.  Multiplayer is pretty well done, though I wish it had a 2v2 so you and a buddy could play vs the comp or others with that dynamic incorperated.  I wish you had some bigger mash ups and I wish we could zoom out farther but the artwork and the game are well thought out.  My concern is steam has to be running,  (single or multiplayer) and there is no save function in single player so I have had the game crash/lock up a few times becuse of what I assume is the connection to the servers.  You also cant try to reconect to a multiplayer game.I think single player part of games should be independent of online play and always have a save functionality. Also they need a reconection system at least with a limited time sort of like how games like Heroes of the Storm handles it.Anyway 4/5 for now while its still fresh.BlizArmy.com"
,Recommended,290340,28353072,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,The Cat King,Fantasticly fun with little commitment.
76561198173355329,Recommended,290340,28346487,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Wolvx,"Armello is a great turn-base game. The animations of each characters, from their movements on the map to their fighting scenes, it's really great! The designs of the map/s, characters, dices, and the cards are awesome!Although there are some things that I encountered in the game that's really frustrating to me:-Like if you play in multiplayer mode with a slow internet speed or your opponent has slow internet speed, expect some lag(of course, whenever you play multiplayer) that will really make you wait(which was and is really annoying), especially that 1 game takes more than 30 mins of gametime, depending on the players.-The queue sometimes will really be annoying(for me that is) because it took me like 5-10 mins before I entered a game.There was a time that I reached the number of stars needed for ranking up, and I saw my new rank on the multiplayer lobby then exited the game. A few hours later, I played Armello again and went to the multiplayer lobby and saw that my rank returned to my previous rank. I restarted the game and saw no change. I hope that it was just a bug, but it really was frustrating to see that.There are, of course, some good things that I liked in Armello:-The leveling system-Obtaining an item, either a key or chest-The gameplay is good(for me since I like turn-based games)-The characters and their stats, like Thane is a knight, which means he has more health and more power, while Mercurio is more of a thief, which means he has more cards that he can use; and so on and so on, there are more characters, like Sana, Barnaby, etc.. , and the developers continue to add more heroes to the game.-Different ways to win the gameSo far, Armello is a great game to play, I bought it 2 weeks ago, so I'm still new with the game. I seldomly, but not always, experience complications with the game.If you are interested in games that are turn-base, try playing this game, but if you are not interested in these kind of games, you won't really enjoy playing Armello, unless you really persevere in playing the game, maybe you would enjoy it."
,Recommended,290340,28340410,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,ThorGoLucky,A board game come to life...fluffily.
76561198061557140,Recommended,290340,28364264,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Ghirt099,Very Fun
76561198008397882,Recommended,290340,28170162,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,yula568,"We had much fun with my friends, as we played this game. It's beautiful and challenging.But it needs a story mode so badly! That would make it much better.Without friends, it can become boring and repetitive."
,Recommended,290340,28878681,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,MoofyKitten,LOVE THIS GAME! I can't stop playing it! It's fun trying to win all of the different ways and you tend to get attached to one clan or another.
,Recommended,290340,28877181,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Tiggylumpkins,"Armello is an intersting take on boardgames within the digital world. It has a rich lore that I would really like to hear more of, various characters allow you to play the game differently every round and the graphics and music are top notch.My only concern with this game is it does feel a bit repetitive. I'd like to see a more Settlers of Catan map shuffle so the game feels a bit more diverse even though the aspects are the same.I love the use of quests and cards to play every turn and I feel if you like boardgames this game is totally for you!"
,Recommended,290340,28880994,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,"Magna, the Unbroken",so this game feeds my need for tactical planing and RNG that a old school pen and paper (like DnD) would give with the bonus of fluffy little critters that are actually cool and fitting to their world.TL:DR = cup of coffee out of 10.
,Recommended,290340,28881215,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Limeylocks,"Armello is basically a digital board game. It's easy to pick up and play but the gameplay is complex enough for each game to be exciting. (I'm not gonna bother describing the game mechanics because other people already have and I'm lazy! Oops! If you need an in-depth look at how the game plays I recommend finding and watching a Let's Play) The game's aesthetic is gorgeous with beautifully illustrated cards, fun characters and a great soundtrack. The ""fantasy w/animal people"" setting is strongly realized and despite the fact that there isn't much of an overt story, (it's a board game) there is a great undercurrent of lore, and it's a good world to jump into when you feel like playing a couple of matches."
76561197978110282,Recommended,290340,28884163,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Anthrax Cat,"Armello would be a solid tabletop boardgame. The mechanics are simple, and for the most part are determined by your strategy. There is enough luck to keep it unpredictable, but not enough that you feel you're playing RNG Simulator. So far, games seem to be determined on the last or second to last turns, with no runaway victories or crushing defeats."
,Not Recommended,290340,17857022,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Faedt,"A bit too text heavy for my taste, they could have used some voice acting to help with that. My only big complaint is the Video settings. It would be nice if they could allow us to remove the fog/clouds, it makes seeing the board game very difficult.... Steep learning curve, a really well crafted tutorial / campaign with cinematics (using similar animation as those we see in the trailer) would have really made this game more engaging and immersive."
76561198035774240,Recommended,290340,31093175,Posted: 12 April,all,Sir SpanksAlot,"I promised myself that if I played 200 hours of this game, that I'd leave a review.1st off, let me say that I personally hate the binary system steam forces you to use - you either recommend this game, or you do not.While I do personally love Armello, I'll be the first to shove an♥♥♥♥♥♥in my face and say that this game isn't for everyone. If you hate digital board games, where people might literally spend 5 minutes on their turn, then DO NOT get this game.But if you like outwitting your opponents (albeit there's a rather hefty component of luck involved), if you don't mind waiting for your turn, and you do like board games, Armello is for you.I personally love the 'game-of-throne'/'redwall'-esque mechanics of the game. The artwork is second to none, and is perhaps best described as Disney-meets-anime.As for gameplay, I love the varied victory paths available to the player. It means that no matter how cr4ppy a start you may have, you will ALWAYS have a decent chance at victory. This is precisely what makes the last few rounds of Armello so darn exciting. The heroes available to the player feel very balanced, and are all geared towards a very distinct playstyle - however, they are by no means restricted to be played in a one dimensional manner.That being said, I do have my complaints. Suffice to say that I own a powerful gaming laptop, the incompatibility of Armello with windows 10 makes playing it like having a papercut on your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's not going to stop you from getting the deed done, but it is rather unpleasant. The framerate is choppy, the game does crash occasionally, and it consumes about 40% of my 8gbs of RAM. That being said, it is a problem the devs are aware of, and I do believe that they are working on it.Another complaint I have is the inability to reconnect into a game. For instance, should the game crash due to the aforementioned reason, it automatically counts as a defeat. And do note that the game DOES lag-out for all parties occasionally.Overall, I do enjoy playing Armello. It's a great game. And I personally am okay with the shortcomings of it as I can imagine how difficult it must be for such a small dev team to keep this game running."
76561198009876564,Recommended,290340,25576271,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Kit the Kat,"I love this game! My son and I play together quite often. It is very challenging, but a load of laughs. Not easy to win:quite brutal but well worth the time. Pls make map packs!More heroes! More dice and wearable items!"
,Recommended,290340,25306321,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Axl Carpe,"This game is a lot of fun, but the sheer amount of bugs makes multiplayer unbearable.After several patches this game is playable and immensely enjoyable! Get it with the DLC for maximum backstabbing potential!"
76561198254876919,Recommended,290340,33262861,Posted: 4 July,all,Mungo,"After having the most epic battle in Armello i had to leave a review...I've had fun with Armello overall. It's a solid, slow paced boardgame with some flexibility that allows to change your strategy mid game. Ingame cards and dice mechanics are fairly balanced and depends heavily on probability. The average match is around 35-40 minutes.Vanilla characters are well balanced.Bandits DLC characters are ""high risk-high reward"" and introduce a couple new mechanics in the way it's played.Usurpers DLC characters so far, are slightly OP. With innate skills that others could only obtain via cards if they are lucky.There are 4 ways to win every game. And depending on the type of victory you are pursuing, you may want to benefit or sabotage other players.Eventually you'll find yourself in a match with 3 turns left, with each player trying to achieve victory a different way, after all 4 palace walls are down, no obstacles, the king about to die. Everybody trying to kill each other. Good times.One of the best ways to kill time."
76561198161710448,Recommended,290340,33259912,Posted: 4 July,all,I swear it's just a phase,Massive 3 way battle for king  any mistake means u fail........ and then the the guy who literly had nothing going for him gets to the king and wins by 1 hp                       IGN 69/10
76561198045672967,Recommended,290340,33475846,Posted: 12 July,all,terry0121,"Luck is so important, and hero balances are not so optimal, but still, this is one of best strategic games I have played. I wish the font size was bigger though."
,Recommended,290340,33467685,Posted: 11 July,all,Puffy,So i have to admit i think ive fallen in love with this game. Lets  start with the art style. Its fantasy world with animals who kill eachother what else is there not to love? Another pro is the game is really friendly. Basically everything you hover over it explains it to you so you arent lost. Now playing multiplayer is another topic. If you disconnect there is no way of coming back. So you are in a game with 4 people 2 of them disconnects then it just became a game of 2 not 4. Now i recommend the Dlc because of how much support these devs should get. Overall graphics are amazing and gameplay is smooth. I recommend it to anyone who loves these type of games!
76561198260013620,Recommended,290340,31933172,Posted: 24 May,all,OneButNinja,"I had first made a bad vote for this game because the multiplayer had many bugs (most of my games failed cause of bugs..) so i didnt play it for some months.. Now i retried it and the bugs are fixed so im happy to give here a good vote.. The artstyle is very nice , the game is nice too with a big variety of cards , the only minus point i see now is that when you zoom out to see the board there are some clouds interupting the view and its kind of annoying.. I believe its a good buy now .."
76561197983549905,Recommended,290340,33269553,Posted: 5 July,all,Unforseenhunter,"Armello is an absolute stunning game! The game mechanics is very easy to learn and a lot of fun to play around with, so many options to go with on your play style. The artwork and the animations throughout the game are very beautiful.I highly recommend on picking up this game if you haven't already!"
,Recommended,290340,33302225,Posted: 5 July,all,Preowned,"Great game, lots of fun to play, and nice to look at as well."
,Recommended,290340,33301913,Posted: 5 July,all,fuck supplicants,"It's weird. I like it, but it's weird. It's like Catan, Magic the Gathering, and DnD had a baby. Definitely give it a try. The AI is pretty solid, but gets easy to manipulate once you have the advanced game mechanics down, which doesn't take super long. I imagine it'd be way more fun with friends. If you have a community of nerds, get a 4 pack or something.Solid game, give it a strong 7, light 8."
,Recommended,290340,33598272,Posted: 16 July,all,skittlesxpirate,"Great game! Mellow, but you can get into it. Fun characters, dynamic ever changing tiles each game, and a good challenge whether playing with friends or others online. Unlocking dice is fun, and the new DLC's have been excellent additions.Love this game."
,Recommended,290340,33525452,Posted: 13 July,all,SolarHelium,"To sum up in one sentence : this is truly an amazing and beautiful game.If you like to play tabletop games, and also enjoy the various video game expereinces (RPGs or TBS mainly), then do not look further ! Not only Armello has a very interesting universe (that would certainly become deeper as updates are released), it also have a great soundtrack and gorgeous graphics.Armello is often compared to Settlers of Catan, and in my opinion this is highly accurate. There is different ways to win a game, depending on the way you play (... and if you are favored by luck, truth to be told) so it is also really close to Civilization games, but with a lighter gameplay. In the end, you will find a crossover between many different media and experiences. And, it must be emphasized that this game was born out of a Kickstarter project and is still made by an indie studio.Before buying, you should watch some of the let's play videos on the League of Geek's Twitch page to help you decide.But if you are convinced, then, dive in wholeheartedly as you will not be disappointed !"
,Recommended,290340,33577865,Posted: 15 July,all,pie tin cat,"Great tabletop style game that has provided me with hours of entertainment. Online multiplayer is nice, but you can finish a bot game pretty quick if you're looking for something under an hour. The game really rewards you for playing it by unlocking different things that change your style of play.I only wish that there was a non-digital version of the game that I could use to introduce people to it. I would play this over Catan any day."
76561198332384495,Recommended,290340,33577285,Posted: 15 July,all,Robin Hood,"Excellent game. Redwall vibes, with unlimited playability. There is a lot of chance involved, but skill and strategy do matter.10/10"
,Recommended,290340,26834276,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Plissken MacReady,All the fun of a board game for the digital era. Play with your friends or strangers online in a quest to save or conquer the kingdom.
,Recommended,290340,26863057,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gesbor,"Very pleasant game with friends. If you don't like dices, don't buy Armello !"
,Recommended,290340,26881703,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NaCl-y,"Armello is a very fun/addicting computerized board game of light to medium complexity. Great with friends, and one of the few digital table tops to make good use of its medium with mechanics such as stealth. You can sometimes get screwed from dice and card RNG, but the game offers plenty of ways to mitigate chance. Worth noting, is that the Armello has received an impressive amount of support from the devs, with constant tweaks and new content since launch, as well as small events for the holidays. Style of play isn’t for everyone, but if you enjoy board games, Armello is worth checking out."
76561197994194345,Recommended,290340,19989460,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Qmonster,"This is such an excellent digital boardgame. I've coerced several friends into playing it with me, and I sometimes dream in card draws now. It's just such a wonderfully crafted game. Easy to learn, hard to master. Almost every game still holds a surprise.Edit about 7 months later:The devs are amazing. They keep updating the game and giving back to the community. This is one of the best devs I have every interacted with. Buy it. Play it. Love it. Make new friends.Edit nearly One Year Later:Seriously, just play this game."
,Recommended,290340,26782286,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,2gud,♥♥♥♥ you River
76561198014643170,Recommended,290340,26756784,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Cassiel,"This is a really fun game!  There are different ways to win a game so you can use a variety of strategies and change things up each time you play.  Standard game seems to last about an hour.  Each character has a different special ability and stats to suit different play styles and they seem well balanced.Some suggestions I'd make:1. dlc is too pricey, I'd think it should be half the price it is currently2.  Multiplayer can be a bit slow.  I realise you can use your offturn to play cards and such but that's not happening all the time so other players tend to be bored waiting - especially when some or all players are stealthed.  I don't have anything to offer as a solution, just that it's an annoying part of the game (all turn based strategy games have this issue, I guess reducing the wait time or giving people something else to do in their offturns could help)3.  The map is great and I realise there are 2 skins and dlc for more, but different maps enitrely would be nice to have4.  Just joined a multiplayer game and at the start of match I couldn't actually do anything after selecting my quest.  I think I was the first to go but I couldn't do anything, no turn timer, could chat but that's about it.  We all had to leave the match and wear the penalty, seems like a bug"
76561198050046434,Recommended,290340,26754248,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Mrpants22,Best played with friends but don't be afraid to try rando multiplayer. Singleplayer is enjoyable when just starting out or trying a new character. I like this game. I miss the roar. You ether die a warrior or live long enough to see yourself become a bunny.
,Recommended,290340,26821885,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ιηѕαηιту,Play it. Trust.
76561198058834332,Recommended,290340,27124669,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,=GSG=Mr Wolf,"A great game, well worth the buy. 8/10"
,Recommended,290340,27141703,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Deco,One of the most enjoyable board game style games with one of the most well defined and warm art styles for this type of game on the steam marketplace.
76561198037799339,Recommended,290340,30984727,Posted: 6 April,all,CasualJeff,great fun! explore the depths of your friendships with the help of nonsense RNG!
76561198056096741,Recommended,290340,28582935,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,the_mantisqueen,"While most of the mechanics would translate well into a physical board game there are little touches that are exactly the right way to use the medium of computer games. The most obvious example is the stealth mechanic: other players will not see you when you are hidden, which is hard to replicate in a physical game. I also really appreciate the addition of collectable dice, which is a nice way to reward players without giving them an advantage over other players. I occasionally have difficulty finding online play but that may be due to the part of the world I am in. Clearly this is not a big deal so far, as I keep coming back for more. Overall, I recommend this game!"
,Recommended,290340,28515466,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Jen The Poptart,All the Goats in this game are disgused as furries. TIME TO SLAY SOME GOATS! 10/10
76561198055051245,Recommended,290340,18021979,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,ppoma,Very improved since last time I've played!
76561198166882543,Recommended,290340,28412194,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,walrusiscool,real good
,Recommended,290340,28152724,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Azzura,Very fun and pretty board game. One of the best on Steam.
,Recommended,290340,28756042,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Brkn,"great game, smooth mechanics ,thou luck is highly needed ,needs improvement in the pace of the game ,and in players. In multiplayers ,people leave or stayed afked ,and we the active ones playing actually needs to leave because someone is on afk mode or just disconnected ,the pace of the game is too slow ,like really slow ,had matches that players need to have 10 mins to actually end thier turn ,worst part is they might leave or quit the game. making the game not playable. because everyone follows and leaves ,making no drop and no point in actually playing at all. needs improvement."
,Recommended,290340,29018779,Posted: 4 January,all,Winters,It's a really fun game! Not that I'm biased.
,Recommended,290340,29020551,Posted: 4 January,all,RunlikeBoop,This game is great.
76561198032374287,Recommended,290340,28976806,Posted: 3 January,all,chaos_paladin666,"Awesome game.If you're a fan of fantastical tabletop games, this is the game you've been waiting for.8/10"
,Recommended,290340,29046037,Posted: 5 January,all,Imdoril,Interesting take on a board game. Altho feel that there is missing an adventure part.
,Recommended,290340,29025147,Posted: 4 January,all,gummytribble,Easy to play but hard to master. Great looking game even down to the animated details on the cards. However if you are looking for a quick game Armello may not necessarily be for you.A favourite game of mine.
76561197997794666,Recommended,290340,29026670,Posted: 4 January,all,Tikigod,"I love this board game.  Great visuals and lighting effects.  I really enjoy the artwork and unique storyline.  I enjoy the varieties of cards you can collect, along with the attention to detail that was put into each of the animations.  The gaming style has many different strategies, tactics, and angles to think about while you play.   Each character you choose has a very unique style that changes the way you think and plan out your strategy.  Its like playing a different game with each character you use.While waiting for multiplayer match, the game allows you to play single player game, then alerts you with a popup to join when your match is ready.  You do get to unlock unique items to play in future games (dice with unique bonus symbols for fighting, rings with perks, and badges that give you bonuses to certain character traits starting off) These are unlocked by collecting chests and keys in multiplayer matches.  You do not have to purchase keys to unlock chests like in other games with this feature.  You get to win, collect, and unlock these items for free which is nice.  I did however purchase the DLC expansions because I enjoy the amount of artwork that was put into this game and want to support the developer and see where they go with future titles.I look forward to seeing more cards and animations added to the game.  The cards themselves  are very entertaining.The game is very replayable and doesn't get boring quickly. (although, I wish the external movement animations and watching other players battle was a little more interesting)If you like board games, with a bit of depth, and deck building (per game) I definately recommend this title.ProsUnique StorylineGreat Artwork, Animations, Lighting, and EffectsVery ReplayableEverything you win in multiplayer you get to unlock without having to buy more into the game with micro transactions.  (The micro transaction type of purchasing model just annoys me)Best looking cards and hand drawn animations that I have seen in a game.Lots of depth to Strategy, Tactics, and multiple levels of PlanningMultiple ways to win a game.Unique characters each with different play styles.All traits are not fixed and can be improved by taking quests, acquiring cards, and winning battles.ConsDefault gameplay can feel fairly long.  However they have added options to tweak the speed and pace to your choosing.  You will come out of this game wondering what happened to the last two to three hours of your night.  But, you will enjoy playing it.I felt the price is a bit high (to purchase the title and all the dlc content at once in the bundle package). Its kinda hard to convince friends to purchase a board game for this price (especially one that contains a fantasy genre with enchanted animals that come from a magical forest).  I am willing to purchase all of the content because I appreciate the artwork and overall design of the game.   But, alot of my friends are cheap,  and don't like to buy anything if its over the $15-$20 range.  I myself, don't like to gift to people that are cheap, and that are ok with letting artists and programmers starve.  So, I am kinda stuck in an infinate Catch 22 scenerio.Its hard explaining to others what exactly you are doing when you are caught playing a game with lots of happy colors and magical creatures."
76561198050263083,Recommended,290340,28996169,Posted: 3 January,all,THE PWNER,"Gameplay 8/10Graphics 9/10Audio 8/10Cons:-Slighlty unfair ranking system-A fair time of waitingArmello is not your average strategy game due to the unique winning conditions and constantly changing board events. In this game you will play as one of the four animal clans seeking to take down the king of Armello who has been corrupted by a evil known as rot, yet there are three other players that also wish to take down the king and steal his throne for themselves. All these players are pushed into one RANDOMLY generated board composed of varying hex tiles that take effect upon the player ( Ex. Moving into a swamp causes you to lose a life while moving into a spirirt circle gives you a life). I personally enjoy the gameplay for there is a hint of cut throat required over multiplayer and in fact many ways to win the game which gives every player a path to take towards victory. The random generation of the board along with the King's Acts that are determined by a player makes no two games alike as players are trying to win the game through their own preffered path. Graphics in the game are rather stunning as the cards actullay have fine detailed art that actually moves upon hvoering over said card. Games can last up to about a hour or more, yet the graphics are thankfully easy on the eyes as you play hours on end. Audio is nothing really to praise nor spit on. The CONS vary in severity to player to player and may effect whether or not you wish to buy this game. Games can last for long hours and demands that you idly wait for your turn as other players take their lengthy turn which can lead you to becoming rather bored after skimming over your cards and planning your next turn if it ever comes. A Multiplayer issue is the ranking system where you maybe a mere level one and end up being paired up with a rank 5 player which seems a bit unfair or poor ranking. I would reccomend this game to those who are fine waiting for their turns over a long lengthy game and are willing to put in time to play a whole game. I give Armello 9/10 Spirit Stones"
76561198154029976,Recommended,290340,28938501,Posted: 2 January,all,The 9th,"Armello is the kind of game you sit back relax and have a cup of coffee or tea as you wait for your turn.Pretty easy to pick up, a bit more difficult to master, as some times the hand of cards you get is a bit punishing and you have to make do. As it is in any game like this.Visually it is exactly what it promises. Easy on the eyes and relaxing, good atmosphere for what it is and overall a game worth sitting down and playing.Matchmaking is pretty good. One hour (or so) long matches where you pick your hero and go to work. It offers a balanced roster of heroes and a randomly generated map.The rewards, even though not so great, vary from simple dice skins to rare ones which you can get by unlocking chests with keys you receive from finished matches.Only con I could find is that if a player (in mp) gets too salty he'll try to ""milk"" the time out of his turn and in an hour-long match this gets from tedious to frustrating, to infuriating.9/10!"
,Recommended,290340,28991935,Posted: 3 January,all,serrin,"So far after a handful of games I can say this is a great game.  I highly recommend it.Pros:+Similar to Civ in that there are multiple win conditions, but games only last ~45 minutes+Great art, lore, and overall aesthetic.  Cards are animated too which is a nice touch+Sound is amazing+Players that disconnect are replaced with AI in multiplayer, so no dropped games+I like rolling diceCons:-Games could be much faster if animations/turns were sped up-Pointless unlock system for certain items that should be available from the start with super long requirements.  For instance, you need to play TEN Games with each of the four clans to get all rings?  That's 40 games @ ~45 minutes each, give me a breakOverall:  Definitely worth checking out at the low price point for board game fans and fans of strategy games (that don't mind some RNG)"
76561198051517771,Recommended,290340,29102243,Posted: 7 January,all,Dru,First of all it's a good board game on pc...I like the machmaking methode... till waiting can be improve my skills with the AI or test 'new' possible tactics or just spend a bit time with the game... yeap the dice is shiny and the map with the random seasons good but it's waist and do not make any important change in the gameplay... same like in so many other games so we are know it's mean about the money but it's fine from our side cause do not make p2w game from this one.I rly missed in this game more charactes/cards and the way for edit/create our own deck but basically it's a good game and can be meet good players in multi... but the basic chat and options ... ohmmm nvm :DI don't like to write many more good or bad info about it cause to me it was absolutely good feeling play with Armello.I wish to you folks the best but before purchase check few gameplays on youtube or in twitch.  o/
,Not Recommended,290340,29676414,Posted: 3 February,all,proj3ct13,"good game but every since the 1.4 update i havent been able to use or see any chest, keys, and dice on the linux version all the devlopers said was it's because im running 32bit system even though steamos only runson 64bit - 86bit platform im on the 64bit version intill they fix it i won't change my review it annoying that i bought the bandit clan to know i don't get to use the dice that come with it all i can do is view all the keys and chest and dice in my steam iventory out of game but when im in game they are all gone minus the dice i got before 1.4"
76561198036491264,Recommended,290340,29746264,Posted: 6 February,all,SIONI,一款可以载入史册的游戏极其精致且风格化突出的卡牌艺术设定和精简的风格化UI配合绵长的背景故事让人回味无穷，无论您是概念艺术家，亦或者是战棋类游戏爱好者，这款视角独特的游戏都是您的不二选择。最后祝大家旅途愉快，亦如Armello中智者所言————勇者们担负着路途中的重任，他们不是用肩膀承担，而是用心。
,Not Recommended,290340,23817830,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Kornstalx,"After taking a year off on the game I decided to come back, and I'm afraid that I was so taken aback by the ridiculous changes made by the devs since my original review, that I can't recommend this game anymore.The almost perfect atmosphere of this game has been ruined by unnecessary minor changes (namely, giving an awful voice set to the King). It is so absolutely jarring between turns, I can't even play the game anymore without being distracted.I believe Armello has become a poster child of when you should just leave a game alone and stop tinkering with it. There is plenty of community feedback out there complaining about these changes, but the devs refuse to relent. It's sad, because I can't enjoy the game anymore."
76561198025407952,Recommended,290340,23031249,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Amoral Crackpot,"A great game mired in a whole host of technical issues. Frequent crashing, FPS drops, game breaking bugs, and connectivity issues have plagued the game since its release. I've endured these problems because I genuinely love the game, but to say that it's frustrating would be a tremendous understatement. I'll recommend this for it's gameplay but its efficacy remains something to be desired"
,Recommended,290340,29872904,Posted: 12 February,all,LONE_wolf,I like the game yet... after buying we only get limited heros...??? Why not just cost for dlc and boards... ??? don't forget the game is still buggy freezes at last hour of gamee... SAD... don't buy it until they fix it... game gets intense at last then it frezzes... you can't even rc after dc... now u can get hero skins by grinding sell n buy dlc atleast legit.... changed to thumbs up...
,Recommended,290340,31697870,Posted: 12 May,all,ThrottleFox,"Oddly, Armello is addictingly fun, it can be frustrating when you cant pull cards you want. Overall its a fun game, great playing solo against AI, great playing wiht friends up ot 4 or wiht AI, and even fun playing random matches too.Quickly becoming one of my favorite games as each game can be drastically different from the last"
,Recommended,290340,31652986,Posted: 9 May,all,Slendypendy,"I was supposed to play under 2h to make sure I'd like this game and refund if I didn't. Next time I checked I had played 3h. So yeah, you could say I liked it."
,Not Recommended,290340,26754484,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Dravaspa,"I GOT ROBBED, I BOUGHT THE COLLECTORS EDTION ON INDIBOX AND I DIDNT GET ALL THE DLC WITH IT SO RIP FOR BUYING THINGS TO SUPPORT A GAME SO OTHER CAN BENIFITE. BUT THE GAME LOOKS NICE AND PLAYS WELL."
76561198132601646,Not Recommended,290340,25280719,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Mechanical Badger,"The game is a work of genius. Balance, gameplay mechanics, the climactic struggle of heroes and various win condtions, artwork and thematic elements make this game an epic fairy tale with each play. I am amazed by it's simple play and deep strategy. While turn-based there are some real time aspects and tough decisions to be made, and all the intrigue of any adventure novel. I am still discovering this swashbuckling story.Sadly, while the game excels in solo mode, mactchmaking seems to be at times problematic. Groups of friends are able to search and it appears that some are throwing games in favor each other. This makes no sense as there are no allied wins possible. Additionally, while some connectivity issues seem to have been solved, a search mode for non-friends is not in place at this time. Since this game shines in multiplayer, I recommend it with these reservations. The game is not at fault regarding this-any abusive players are. The game has crashed, stalled on the player commendation screen and lagged, and continues to do so. I do believe the developers are working on issues but I fear, like two other unrelated games I am aware of, they might be updating it into a poor or non-working state.They have offered a chest or key drop for every game I have played since Art of Treason was released however, which is a great bonus.Additional note on Steam Discussions:  A user had raised issues regarding connectivity and game controller support. The discussion no longer appears. I am not aware if this has been addressed.I can not recommend the game at this time due to the Bandit Clan Kickstarter issue. As I have been able to read it appears that this content was promised exclusive to backers but is now being sold. This sounds like a breach of contract. I think that the developers should not have to have a court tell them to do the right thing. I am not a Bandit backer and I do not need content promised as exclusive, it appears, to those who did. And because of this, I have no plans to buy it.Have not played for a while. Double dip weekend. One game, one crash. Off to play another game. I do not recommend purchasing this game at this time."
,Recommended,290340,30825113,Posted: 29 March,all,WishingPole [FMC],yus
76561198043789635,Recommended,290340,29182194,Posted: 11 January,all,The Last Of The Giant Apes,Only buy if you like board games and have three friends who do so as well.Not a good singleplayer and in my opinion also not so great with randoms.
76561198043979877,Recommended,290340,29726494,Posted: 5 February,all,Skadoodle,very iteresting stratergy game
76561198005400484,Recommended,290340,29802633,Posted: 9 February,all,DoominaBottle,"See My Review Video Below:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1RQEB_GFLUThree Parts Board Game, one part Fantasy RPG Armello is a beautiful and addictive digital board game created by League of Geeks.While there are some worrying DLC practices regarding the game the price of the core game is rather decent and furthermore has a solid and reliable single player as well as online multiplayer.TLDW:Pros:Low Price for core game, often on sale.Easy to understand and entertaining tutorials.Simple to pick up, deceptively fast gameplay, Single player games take on average 30 minutes and online 1 hour.Beautiful cinematics and overall artstyle with hits of a deeper story.Atmospheric music and sound effects.Decent AI though it is explotable.Unlocks available in single player and regardless of a win or loss.Multiple victory conditions which can allow players to always feel they have a chance of success.Each game is different due to the variations available and the ability to craft custom games.Character each have prefered playstyles but can adapt to any victory type.Steam Cards and Achievements.Cons:Cosmetic DLC rather costly or has distastleful requirements leading to resentment in the community.It is not always clear why a player doesn't have a chance to respond to Perils.Multiplayer is partly unstable at this time with occasional connection drops, though AI take over dropped players should anything happen to a player's connection, there is zero ability to reconnectKey and Chest drops only available in multiplayer.Lack of hardware interface options. (This can be a pro for those wishing a simple setup)The Combat can make turns long in multiplayer.Bot Farming: Due to high cost of cosmetic drops players have been know to join multiplayer and go afk just to earn drops however the reporting system is eay and should be encouraged.Unlike in the tutorials the followers offer no banter which is a bit disappointing and reduces their character a little.Lack of game modes, an adventure or story mode similar to the tutorial or a team V.S. would of been a nice edition.Music can be a little too calm and becomes unnoticeable after a while, consider having your own fantasy playlist on standby.No modding.Final verdict: Worth the price as a solid digital board game, I recommend picking up the core game and Usurpers Hero Pack while on sale but ignore the overpriced cosmetics."
,Recommended,290340,29713854,Posted: 5 February,all,Alyciae Firebranded,"Fantastic game. I love it immensely. The only ""real"" negative is that multiplayer feels very slow"
,Recommended,290340,29686262,Posted: 3 February,all,Fusrodahasian,"One of my absolute favorite games to play whenever I feel like I need a moment to play a board game or strategy game that will keep me thinking. The game does exactly as it is intended for description. I was super skeptical at first, but after sitting down and playing, I got easily hooked. Definitely a must have for you strategy enthusiasts."
76561198029300088,Recommended,290340,29695918,Posted: 4 February,all,yenkin2001,"Based on the board game of the same name, Typically I like to try games if they are avaliable before buying the board game, this is a nice little game both Solo and Multi-player.  Solo is pretty predictable and it seems I win more often than I lose but it is good practice for when you hit multi-player.  Multi-player shines here in this game if you get the right mix who don't play pick on the one guy.Basically the king is dying and you are one of four heroes who want to take his place, you gain quests to help your stats and gain the more powerful equipment.  you can dungeon dive a bit, and even PvP which can help you gain prestige if you win.  there are a multiple ways of beating the king, As well as winning with the Prestige when nobody beats the king.This is a fun game and I will recommend it highly, this is a clear 9/10 in my books, this game would shine a bit more if they had built in a chat client like many of today's games.  There are youtube videos to help you figure the game out quickly should you not get the game through the Prologue tutorials.Cheers"
,Recommended,290340,29683581,Posted: 3 February,all,Mekyro,"It's a charming board game. As for comments that it's primarily luck, It's no more so than a game of poker, or the likes. There's luck in your hand, but how you play it is up to you. Tactics mater, I reccomend the game if you've got some friends to play it with. Short matches mean easy pick up and play."
76561198068539007,Recommended,290340,29727561,Posted: 5 February,all,Vendetta,"Although I have only beaten the tutorials at the time of this review, I can say that this game intrigues me and it has much potential!"
,Recommended,290340,29680879,Posted: 3 February,all,Ron Juanson,Dank
,Recommended,290340,29679047,Posted: 3 February,all,BooBooKittyFace,"What's this game about?First off, this is a board game. It's a very fun and charming board game that is partially luck based.!!.If you aren't in to luck based games, this isn't for you.!!You pick a hero from four different clans: Wolf, Bear, Rabbit, and RatYou all take a turn to draw cards from 3 decks: Item, Magic, Trickery(you get more cards based on your Wit stat)You also start out with a certain amount of gold and magic(Magic is gained from increasing the Spirit stat)You use that gold to equip items or play tricks on other heroes, and of course you use the magic to cast spells.When in battle, both parties get dice to roll(The higher your Fight stat the more dice you start with. Items can affect how many dice you or your opponent have.)Your only goal is to become the King of Armello. There are four different ways to win: Rot, Prestige, King Slayer, and Spirit Stones.DLC/SkinsSome may be saying the developers are greedy by adding dice and hero skins, but the dice sets are free to win through multiplayer during the time they are out. Otherwise you can buy them at a very cheap price in the community store. Also these skins have no actual effect on the game, because they are purely cosmetic. The hero skins come at a bit of a steeper price but games cost money to make and you don't HAVE to buy these skins.COSMETICS AREN'T MANDATORY TO BUY!I personally bought the Usurpers DLC to add more variety to the heroes I have to choose from and I love them. They all come with a unique set of abilities and their own ring. Those four heroes really add to this game!What did I like about this game?This game has some really cute characters, like my favorite River Wolf.It's similar to older board games like Heroscape.You can play with friends or by yourself if you really prefer singleplayer.You recieve either a key or a chest at the end of every multiplayer match, and those chests contain Free Dice!! You don't have to win the match to get them either.I wouldn't pass this game up just because there are some mixed reviews."
,Recommended,290340,29682391,Posted: 3 February,all,Howl Phoenix,"This is probably one of my favourite multiplayer turn based games that doesn't go on forever; the time it takes for a match to be over is about 20-30 minutes for me, which is very well suited for having the odd game here and there when I have some time to waste. The graphics for this game are unique, I don't believe I have seen anything like it in another game. The combat and perils system is great too, where all the dice roll individually but aren't simple 6 sided dice with numbers from 1 to 6, it has symbols instead, with each symbol having a different function but also having a counterpart.. Wlyd/Rot, Sword/Shield and Sun/Moon(Day/Night). There are a lot of victory types too, some which I prefer more than others but it all depends on the clan, character and strategy that you're used to playing with as well as the amulets and rings that you choose to take into battle. I play as the Rabbit Clan, as Barnaby.. That little fuzz ball is so darn crazy and cute.. He's terrifying. All the characters have their own unique abilities which can be used to take advantage to take your place as the ruler of Armello.."
,Recommended,290340,29683792,Posted: 3 February,all,Crystal Rose,"I finally took my nose out of this game long enough to review it. What's not to love?! Animals, out to claim 'The Throne' from the deranged King Of Armello. Those lovable animail characters roam about in a glorious and magical land of Armello.Beautiful artwork is abound throughout this game! You'll love the antics of those lovable animals and the chaos they create vying for 'The Crown'!Armello is a board game come to virtual life, in a land of beautiful colors and ethereal soundtracks."
,Recommended,290340,29866328,Posted: 11 February,all,Maledictam,"Fun little game to play with others. Decent reliance on luck to win though.  As always, I would only buy during a sale."
,Recommended,290340,31027914,Posted: 8 April,all,Ember,i play 26.7 hours at this game and how i think about it is that its fun Vs A.I 1 side haf the time but play with other players so mutch fun game and here list pros and cones1.it comes to 3 things 1.luck 2.skill and 3.planeing so more things then most games2.you can ally with other heroes by not attack them and drop nice magic and 3/5 times they let do what ever to king3.get 50-50 shot get chest or a key so ya4.loveble heroes5.it cheap bast on how most games are on steam so yacons1.bandit clane only for a few players and compered other heroes they beater2.got unlock stuff by play (this more of a pro but i hath hard time think of cons)3.get cheap shot aloterate10/10
,Recommended,290340,28176944,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,I Aten't Dead,"I love board games. I play a metric ♥♥♥♥ ton of them. So a game about animals with a cutesy (AMAZING) art style mixed with the bitter taste of medieval RPG politics makes for a sweet spicy blend. I just struggle to really commend it beyond that.Armello is all about becoming the King or Queen of the land as the former King - as wonderful as he was - is slowly falling into madness due to a particularly painful corruption that's slowly killing him. No matter what happens, this lovable scamp's going to be dead in about 8 days give or take. Your job is to take his place, either through political sway or the incredibly direct route. As for the game itself, it's a matter of going on quests to gain additional stat points which will lead to boosting your chances of victory. Sounds simple enough right? Well, it is, which makes Armello an easy game to pick up and play. But it also leads to one of its failings.Armello is a game where 80% is decided by luck, not your tactics, but by card draws and dice rolls. ""Oh no"" you say, player of Armello, ""there are plenty of tactics in place to boost your chance for victory!"" to which I reply ""you are very right, you just need to draw those cards."" At the beginning of your turn, you draw up to your hand limit (measured by the stat Wits) from three different decks. Items are all about things that boost your character, whether that's combat, perils, health, etc. Spells range from offensive magic to play on rivals to stat and combat boosts. Trickery cards are all about messing with the flow of the game, creating traps and making political moves. You could get the cards from the Trickery deck that would allow you to create obstacles for your rivals, but you need to draw them. You could instead draw cards that create pacts with others, or offer other abilities which will do you no good. Or you could draw exactly the right cards and just annihilate your hapless foe before they even get a turn. Thankfully there is a balance as more powerful cards are less plentiful and more expensive to play, but nothing says you can't just draw three of these cards in a row and suddenly go from last place to first place.""Alright,"" you say ""but what does dice have to do with this?"" Oh I'm glad you asked. Cards may give you the means to control the game, but dice decide your ultimate fate in Armello. There is a sword, shield, sun, moon, rot, and wyld side to every die. In combat, swords are brought into a total to decide your overall attack, shields mark your defense against an opponent's attack or counter-attack, sun and moon are added to your attack depending on the time of day and count as misses if it's not currently that time of day, and finally wylds and rots are explosive attack dice. If you're playing a normal game of Armello, every wyld will be an attack and then become a free die to instantly reroll to see if you do more damage or take less damage and rots count as misses. If you're corrupt from rot (the local corruption) - and this is harder than you think to do - then rots instead count as attacks that become additional dice and wylds become misses. As you may have noticed, there are only two ways to avoid taking damage from an enemy, rolling enough shields or hoping your opponent rolls enough misses. Dice could say that your hero with seven dice will lose in battle to a hero with two dice because they happen to roll wyld after wyld and suddenly they've rolled eight dice while half of your rolls were misses. Explosive dice also roll over to perils, which are obstacles on the map that you can overcome by - you guessed it - rolling dice to match the correct symbols. Perils however are determined by different stats, there are wits perils and spirit perils, the higher these amounts, the better defense you have.""Hold on!"" you now demand, pointing rapidly, ""these aren't set in stone, they can be modified by getting item cards to boost the amount of dice you get or increasing shields and swords without dice!"" Alright, notice you just said cards. So, again, let me remind you, what decrees that you will ever get these cards? Luck does. The most strategy that cards and dice give you is the ability to burn cards in battle to give the symbol on the card to one of your dice. Since you refill to your hand limit every turn, there's very little reason to why you shouldn't burn through as much of your hand as you can every turn so there's a better chance of drawing better cards. However, again, you need to draw these cards to give the correct symbols for your dice. So even this strategy is mandated by a level of luck. Really I could go on, but I think you get the point.Armello is still a good game. I might have ripped it apart for being so luck based, but it's still a game I played over 20 hours of and still enjoy playing. Artistically the game is impressive, and thematically it feels truly alive. Since the game has minimal strategy, games (and turns) are short and intense, befitting of the game's brutal nature, you're invested enough to want victory but still distanced enough to not really care if you lose. It's just a game after all, and in minutes you can start a new one. As I've played Armello, I've discovered strategies on how to best manipulate the game to my advantage, despite all the luck involved. And even now, the developers add new things to the game to increase replayability and balance things out. So I feel like while the game does have its flaws and always will, there are ways to change the game and make it at least a little less luck dependant (ESPECIALLY FOR A ROT VICTORY, HINT HINT).So I want to stress this again, Armello is a good game and is worth your time and money. If you're a more casual board game player or curious about board gaming at all, then you will love Armello, but if you're someone like me who likes their games with minimal luck then you're either going to need to find another game or adjust. Just like the world of Armello, the game is beautiful and well constructed, but hides an undeniable ugliness that you may not spot right away. It's a matter of if you're going to let that ugliness ruin your experience, or be something to overcome.Armello is recommended and will sit best if you have friends to play with or if you get this game on sale."
76561197972529883,Recommended,290340,29229692,Posted: 13 January,all,The Judge,"I amost never write reviews, but this game is such a gem I feel compelled to spread the word.So far, I've played 623 hours and am still not tired of the game. The multiplayer is the best aspect, since there is now a ranking system and prizes. After every game, players receive either a chest or key. Once you have both, you open the chest to receive a set of dice (ranked white, green, blue, purple and orange--like MMO loot). The dice can sell for a good chunk of change on the marketplace, and I was able to pay for the expansion with nothing but my profits from selling extra dice.I feel this game isn't that well known, but there is a committed player base so finding a multiplayer match usually never takes more than a few minutes. It's a slower paced game that stresses strategy over twitch reflexes, which I enjoy. While there are random elements, a good player knows how to mitigate losses and be flexable enough to win. I would compare it to poker--randomness is an element, but good players find ways to win consistently.Overall, I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys strategy or board games. Hope to see you in game!"
76561197970288034,Not Recommended,290340,16878920,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Dr PCR,"I purchased Armellow while it was still in prerealease phase and played quite a bit of the game. I though that it was excellent and a lot of fun. I have recently gotten back into the game but have found it buggy and the online multiplayer ridiculous, because of waits and disconnects. Today alone I played 3 games that resulted in my system freezing up after 45minutes of play. Each time this happend as a member of the Rat clan and when a Bane attacked another creature. It is most annoying that if something results in your game freezing during online play or you losing connection you lose all progress in the game and can't reconnect. Any new cards that you got or working twords the badge that requires you to complete a game with all heroes, too bad you dont get to keep any of it.Please work on these issues, that I seen many other reviews also staid as the major detractor from the game. I will gladly reconsider my review once you address these bugs. Until then I am done waisting my time to lose my progress.Here is my previous review so you can see that I had a positive opinon of the game early on.I purchased this game a week a go and have been playing non-stop!If you are a fan of boardgames you will apreciated the game mchanics Armello incorporates, to provide both stratagey and RPG elements with the luck of the draw and dice rolls. These solid game elements are combined with beautiful graphics, excelent music and exceptional attention to detial. This game is a steal at $25 and is a must have for any board gameing enthusiast that wants a complex game with a streamlined play time (40-70 minutes)!"
76561198016587447,Recommended,290340,28885657,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,"Musgo f(O,,,o)f",Armello is gorgeous  - very slow paced
,Not Recommended,290340,29844820,Posted: 11 February,all,Kuddly Dragon,"So the game itself is not bad when it works, but there are too many problems that make the game not work.-games that end with players unable to move unless a player disconnects-players not able to recconect to their match-latest patch made the game run slower for a lot of people I know and the game crashes more often-latest patch also reset progress on rings and amulets, which affect the game quite a bit-the more you play this game the more you realize how much luck is involved into winning, the main strategy of winning is drawing one of three cards in the entire deck so you can fight the king in the same turn you enter the palace. The entire concept of stopping someone before they have a chance to fight the king is negated because someone drew the card they needed."
76561197972909223,Recommended,290340,26720180,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,spyderz,"It looks cool...it could be cool...but alas it so darned slow waiting for every other turn to be taken by the computer controlled characters.  I just don't have that much patience.After some input from others, I've discovered that you can actually speed up AI turns.  Without knowing I could do that, I had rated this as a no.  Given that I can, I can recommend the game on the condition that you speed up the AI turns.  That said, I think either it should default to sped up, or it should suggest in game that it's an option, because without it turned on, it's painfully slow...and I have a fast PC.  :)"
76561198368874821,Recommended,290340,30289319,Posted: 2 March,all,mychuglife,"i never thought that i would play a chess game over night before i had met armello! this game  has a wonderful picture and dramic bgm which can make me do nothing but appreciate the music. i really love the feeling of the cartoon.for play this game,there a little bit hard for a new player to be good at this game, so at the begainning you may quit because of unfimiller of the cards and stratages,but if you overcome those question,you may be impressed of its complexity .the press is acceptable so i really hope more people can join in the armello world"
,Recommended,290340,31456513,Posted: 29 April,all,[87th] Penloth,This is a great board game. I have a few games under my belt and have had a blast. This is agame that shuld be in everyones library.
76561198090599994,Recommended,290340,33163500,Posted: 2 July,all,zralos,"It's a nice game, but if you play solo, it's waayyyy too easy. The AI is kinda dumb, so past your first game where you learn how to play, you probably won't ever lose a game again. Even if you do all kinds of stupid things in order to get some juicy achievements. Furthermore, there is only one map, which is somewhat disappointing.Take it, it's fun for a few games and has cute art and some cool cards and mechanics. But take it during a sale. It can't really justify its full price."
76561198070203984,Recommended,290340,33638546,Posted: 18 July,all,Pixiechitos,Got to this game only recently and I'm totally addicted. This game is a must for Redwall fans as its inspired by Redwall. You'll get to try different strategies from Spirit to Rot victories to try and save Armello. Highly recommend Armello. Get it. Now.
,Recommended,290340,33183317,Posted: 3 July,all,JordiSnipe,"awesome but please make the games shorter. This could easily be done by reducing the king's health. Maybe this would make rot and spirit stone stone victories harder, so those could be easier. The games just get a bit dull at some point because they're too long. But other than that that, it's AMAZING"
,Recommended,290340,33662920,Posted: 19 July,all,boguspuddle,"This is an excellent game how it is: the look and feel is just right and quite endearing.  It's one of those 'oh go on just another one.,..' and has a lot of scope for future development. Highly recommended!"
76561198038175913,Recommended,290340,33390180,Posted: 8 July,all,An influx of BEES,"Update broke my game. Can't even load. Running on Linux, Ubuntu 16.04. I will change my review when it is fixed.EDIT: Temporary work around worked; alt + return allowed it to run smoothly."
,Recommended,290340,33663469,Posted: 19 July,all,Escillius,"This game is great, I'm thoroughly enjoying myself as I play it and my wife is super into it to!10/10 Would totally recommend."
76561198405242928,Recommended,290340,33713036,Posted: 21 July,all,Disneypeep9r9r,This is a great board game-esk game. I love all of the characters and their special abilities.
,Recommended,290340,33739904,Posted: 23 July,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡JC,"For a game that'svisually appealing, thought provoking and conceptually creative,Armellosure is one hell of a Rage-Fuel. Not only will you learn to despise the very strangers you get to play with. You also do not have the option of telling them exactly what you want to say. Instead you are given a smorgasbord of emotes that are used as diaglouge so you can, in a way, share how you felt after an event. Keeping in mind that you will level up quicker if you get upvotes after the end of each match from the 3 other people you played with in that match. Which means you have to make your enemies like you.Armellois completelyRNGand is exactly like a Board game, you roll dice and draw cards and make your moves based on what you have. Nobody has the advantage inArmello, but it helps to have knowledge and experience.Score: 7/10[If you DC you can't reconnect]I love this game, but I hate thatF****** B****Barnaby!"
,Recommended,290340,33884404,Posted: 29 July,all,Strawberry Lord,"This game is a lot more fun than you may think! With many ways to win and multiple strategies for each path and character, you are sure to have fun! It is super fun to experiment with differnent characters and see who you are best with!"
76561198085894767,Recommended,290340,33894975,Posted: 29 July,all,MegaJonnyboy10,"Really fun board game style video game with cute characters. Only downside is that I can't play with my friends locally on one computer like a board game would normally play. I overall really enjoy it though, solid gameplay if you're into board games."
76561198100421622,Recommended,290340,33877148,Posted: 29 July,all,Flash Fire,"This is a really fun game at first, however it gets a bit repetitive it would be fun if there were different game modes. I also think that the king relies too much on the banes. sometimes its his downfall. other then that it has really good maps and character design. I loove the bandet clan"
,Recommended,290340,33873152,Posted: 28 July,all,Ag3ntAn0nym0us,"Armello has always been a favorite of mine. I've played it countless of times on my friend's account, and it's really fun, every time I start a new game, theres always new stuff to be found and explored. Although its limited by its 'board' layout, it is still very worth it, and you should just get it, to try, if you don't like it, refund it."
76561198095840134,Recommended,290340,33699999,Posted: 21 July,all,Cheap Shot Nate,"This is a fun board game, with two win conditions. Kill the king (three ways to do that), or have the most prestige when the king inevitably dies. There is RNG in this game...it uses dice, and the hex based board is random (with some rules to the layout) but you can play around it, and sometimes it's best to change strategy when the build you wanted to make goes screwy. Every character feels different even the ones that play similarly have there own nuances. The biggest issue with the game as of this patch is the never ending turns, the turns are supposed to end in 60 seconds for a standard multiplayer match, but unfortunately the last four games I've played have ran into one player not being able to end their turn. I've had it happened to me 2 of the 4 times, and I believe it might be linked to some of the characters. I've reported it everytime (that it let me) so now all we can do is wait for it to be fixed, and it will be, this game regularly gets hot fixed. So over all it's a good game, but you might want to wait until next patch to buy it.EDIT: And the bugs I have been encountering have just being patched away. :) Just had a wonderful back and forth game with no bugs."
,Recommended,290340,33845150,Posted: 27 July,all,Mouritzeen,"Armello is a great game built on an RNG system that you will sometimes love but will most of the time you will hate it.The way Armello represents the RNG is straight forward, suns hit in the day, moons hit in the night, swords always attack, shields always defend, worm die do nothing, wylds attack and rolls another die unless you become corrupted then the wyld and worm switch ability. The RNG is all presented in a very nice looking screen where you throw your customizable die with your cursor. The biggest issue is that you will often find yourself in a situation where you rolled full attack like your opponent, and you both die or even just throw five worms while you have zero rot, this happens far more than it should, even if you have the proper equipment.The game is otherwise good, great even. The aesthetic is beautiful, the characters have great quotes, ""What's harder X? Your skull or my shield,"" the quest are good, and when the RNG is even slightly charitable, the game is a blast even if you don't win. Just remember that it isn't over until there is a new king, so many times has someone been so sure of victory I walk into the castle and become King."
,Not Recommended,290340,31529268,Posted: 3 May,all,Zetawilk,"RNG means nothing you do will matter. You might as well just watch videos of people playing if you think you'll really be ""playing"" this game."
76561198211034640,Not Recommended,290340,22228989,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Bankmango1,"Game is only worth playing with friends otherwise its just a boring experience, dont get me wrong the game is solid but its fun and reputability relies on having friends, no story mode and the quests in game are nothing like the tutorial with the dialogue boxes for the quest givers etc.. say for the stranger. I would not recommend this game unless you have friends to play with because the core experience alone i s dull and boring."
76561198160683137,Recommended,290340,34595279,Posted: 29 August,all,TheGreatSauron,Excellent well polished game of replayable adventure. Even better with other people.
,Recommended,290340,34005295,Posted: 3 August,all,Ballistic Otter,This game was far less good until the patch where they added otters. It's like a board game but you don't have to all pretend your weird Aunt Roe didn't just fart very loudly.
,Recommended,290340,34046846,Posted: 5 August,all,Absolerus,"Armello is a wonderfully executed RPG and stragety board game.Despite its dwindling player base, the community is fairly nice, the developers are responsive and new content is always being added.The games visuals are unique, with beautifully animated card and battle animations.The combat is a balanced mix between traditional dice RNG and player envoked forced rolls.Winning is achieved on three different occasions, allowing players with different playstyles to flourish.Characters are balanced, unique and all fun to play.Wide rang of cards, spells, rings, charms, and dice; most of which allow the player to tweak and customize their characters playstyle.Game is fun, RNG's always going to stab you every once and awhile, but for the most part, alone or with friends, its a solid experence."
76561198062419582,Recommended,290340,34013509,Posted: 4 August,all,Drachen,Good game to play some times and a realy good game to make some money
,Recommended,290340,34034506,Posted: 5 August,all,The Almighty Loaf,Boardgame to end all friendships. Nuff' said.
76561198046941522,Recommended,290340,34102738,Posted: 8 August,all,noelwym,"When I was a young boy, I had a love for board games but the problem was, having only one uninterested sister meant that I was to play alone for most of the time. I have kept this love with me since then and now, I am happy to say that I've some love for the digital board game that is Armello.If you love board games that aren't too simple like Candyland nor too complex like Axis & Allies, Armello is the game for you. In some sense, Armello is like RISK. The dice can make the game or break it for you, but your strategy determines how fast you can exploit or recover from whatever shenanigans the dice result in. There's never really a single path to victory and the best victories are the most unorthodox ones.Now, aesthetically, the game is a pleasing sight to the eyes. In terms of graphics, the game does well enough, and the score goes along with it. The art and animation for the cards are actually quite nice to look at, I have more than once actually visited the Card Gallery to admire the hard work put into them. The presence of anthropomorphic characters is of no concern to me, being long exposed to anthropomorphic in the media thanks to Disney and childhood cartoons. One critique I will reserve for the game at the time of writing though is the lack of lore for too many of the heroes. It's quite inconsistent. Among the Generation Two heroes, only Zosha has a backstory and the Usurpers get no stories at all. The Generation One heroes' backstories are very short blurbs whereas the Bandit Clan heroes get paragraphs of interesting details. Why the inconsistency? Did the lore-writers run out of ideas?Also, pricing. Actually, I'm fine with the pricing. I have played many hours of it to make up for the price tag and the suggestion that the game is behind a paywall isn't that reasonable, considering the 8 non-DLC heroes are nowhere near crutched. You can win as easily with them as you can with the DLC heroes. That said, if you want to make your money's worth, wait for the game and its DLC to go on sale before buying them all. Could save a pretty penny or two."
,Recommended,290340,24762894,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Karunamon,"EDIT 9/2/16A custom feature now exists that provides a great deal of control over the victory conditions! Games can now be as long or as short as you want, and some of the more contentious mechanics can be modified or disabled outright.Very well done, and kudos to the developers! This removes one of my main issues with the game, and changes my review from a ""don't buy"" to a ""buy"". I'm still a bit peeved that the prologue sets up a grand universe that's really just a neat board game, but now that it can be customized, I'm less bothered about it.The original review remains below, unaltered.OverviewThis game is beautiful, and perhaps that's actually some of the problem. You play through the prologue, and you get this very slick, almost Civilization-esque board game laid out for you piece by piece, with a very fleshed out and stylish world. Very nice.But then, you go to play a game, and you find out that no, there's no story, and in addition, a single game cannot be any longer than 9 rounds. One of the mechanics is that whoever has the most influence points when the 9th round is over automatically wins (barring the occasional edge case). 9 rounds goes by in a hurry, and the game is over much faster if any of the other victory mechanics are achieved.It feels like they missed the boat here. I personally can't recommend this game due to violated expectations. The talk of ""role playing"" in the game's description? Almost deceptive.If you go into it knowing that all you're getting is a board game, with the story being a paper thin framing device, then you may be able to enjoy Armello. Otherwise, you may end up disappointed. Decide accordingly.The Good+ Beautiful and atmospheric. You can tell a lot of love went into this title.+ There's nothing wrong with short games per se; it's great way to kill an hour or so with some friends.The Bad- Cap of 9 rounds per game, and this cannot be modified by the player. Certain rare game actions will cause this to be extended, but this is rare.- Games end too quickly- More luck than skill based- Any strategy you'd like to play (perhaps trading off a character's strenghts and weaknesses) is stuck behind an inane achievement-based unlockable system.The Ugly* Realizing that the grand story laid out in the prologue never goes anywhere - it's just a way to frame the tutorial. There is no campaign.* Realizing that the biggest annoyance with this game (the 9 round limit) could be trivially patched out, giving a lot more replay value, and the developers won't do it.OverallToo short, too expensive. Armello is like an ice cream sundae from a very fancy restaurant - looks beautiful on the plate, tastes amazing, but at the end, you're left wanting for more, and wondering why you paid what you did."
76561198071627955,Recommended,290340,29674260,Posted: 3 February,all,Edtrawl,"They added pay to win dice? This game was awesome till then :/ and if they are gonna sell anything, why not the bandit heroes? I would of been cool with buying the damn otter hero. But not interested in minimal skins and pay to win diceBasically I am a dumby, and misread the new dice. D:"
,Recommended,290340,34348981,Posted: 19 August,all,saintcyr,"Before buying Armello, I was never really one to buy lesser-known games off of Steam. I checked it out during one of the sales, saw some of the trailers/screenshots, and knew that it just looked like an awesome game. It combines cuteness with turn-based virtual board game gameplay, something I was never really into until finding this game. The game is strategic, but simple enough that anyone can pick it up within a game or two. It's a wonderful game, and definitely worth the price tag whether it's on sale or not."
,Recommended,290340,34424484,Posted: 22 August,all,DadouXIII,"The best PC tabletop game I have played so far, they have perfectly taken advantage of the good stuff that can be brought by its digital aspect. Other devs, take note!"
,Recommended,290340,33939618,Posted: 31 July,all,HyruleanWeeb,"Its a fun, virtual board game with a fun cast of characters. Great game for the price."
,Recommended,290340,33960200,Posted: 1 August,all,Skying High,"I really enjoyed this game until the terrible dlc scheme came out. Now I am slightly salty about it... all things considered though, the base game isn't bad for a few hours of eye candy and time wasting."
76561198046225980,Recommended,290340,34114084,Posted: 8 August,all,Cinereoargenteus,"I have put an honestly ridiculous amount of time into this game, spread out since a little after release. It's one of the only games that gets me genuinely salty, so I take breaks from it every now and again.I've got to say, though, that I'm very disappointed with the DLC content that's been put out for this game, from the huge delay for the Kickstarter character DLC to the weird little cosmetics. It's true that I could just refuse to buy them (and I do), but it kind of sours the whole experience for me.On the other hand, I sold 3 special event Winter Dice for about 5 dollars a piece on the Steam marketplace about a year ago, so maybe I'm just hypocritical scum."
76561198195416249,Recommended,290340,34241654,Posted: 14 August,all,Wayfarer97,"Love this game. Been in my library for two years and it's still my go-to game. Quality DLC, beautiful visuals, great soundtrack, and a lot of fun in both single and multiplayer."
76561198038416288,Recommended,290340,34258874,Posted: 15 August,all,Articulatefish,"A delightful computer board game with strong gameplay, colourful board and card designs and nice animations.You play the role of one of the characters belonging to an Animal Clan in the Kingdom of Armello, working to overthrow the corrupted King Lion and becoming its new ruler. The game is always 4 players, and has 4 different win conditions which one way or another involve the death of the old King.The game is easy to get into while retaining depth in the combinations of items, spells, trickery, follower and treasure cards that you acquire over the course of the game. The characters all have different abilities and interact with one another on their quest while adventuring across Armello to prepare to take down the King.Would definitely recommend buying the game, it's great to play with friends and is generally completed in under an hour. The DLCs do enrich the way you play the game with new characters but the game works perfectly well without them, and the game is compatible to play with others regardless of owned DLCs.One final note is that randomness plays a heavy part in the game, the makers of Armello make no secret of this fact! If you find randomness frustrating there are ways to play around it, but you will generally not do as well as those that take the bigger risks.Every single player is still in with a chance to win right at the end, which actually is a positive feature of the game because it incentivises you not to give up!"
76561197961946572,Recommended,290340,34708085,Posted: 3 September,all,c.K,"Very nice piece of gem, i love the art and the music, and even tho it's relaxing with a turn based game you can enjoy with friends it's addicting and hectic at the same time, you never know what's gonna happen, and anyone can win the game in the end, even if you have a rough start. You can easily make enemies aswell :)"
,Recommended,290340,34674277,Posted: 1 September,all,Sparkletoes,Armello is a beautifully designed digital boardgame.The different characters seem to be well balanced. Each character has its pros and cons.There's 4 different ways to win the game with as many different strategies for you to pursue. due to RNG and intervention from other players you sometimes have to completely turn around your strategy. But in my opinion this makes the game even more interesting. Sometimes it just doesn't work out as planned and then you simply have to adapt.I love how each character has it's own ''chat'' lines. It makes communicating with the other players pretty interesting at times. You can form alliances or threathen other players. There's only one winner though!and last but definitely not least:The Art style of Armello is incredibly beautiful.
,Not Recommended,290340,34819602,Posted: 8 September,all,hitt.william,"4/10Armello is a multiplayer, turn-based, board-game experience that has been translated to a digital medium. In essence, each player is attempting to solve the problem of a sick king. He's been infected with ""rot,"" and becomes weaker every turn until he dies. You can win in three different ways:1. You can accumulate ""prestige"" by completing quests. If you have the highest prestige upon the king's death, you take his place.2. You can slay the king, simply by being strong in combat. Additionally, if you have accumulated rot yourself, this can aid you in the battle.3. You can accumulate four spirit stones, and use these to cure the king of his malady.Most of the game consists of traversing along a tile-based map attempting to reach your ""quests,"" which appear randomly across the map. In the meantime, you can equip items (most of which aid you in combat), cast spells, or use ""trickery"" cards that seem to represent political schemes.The sheer randomness of the game and some troubling design decisions led me to almost never enjoy myself while playing this game with my friends. First of all, some of the cards are tremendously powerful and can sway the game  substantially.Within the game, there are settlements that a player can capture to increase the amount of gold you receive per turn. Typically, there is no drawback to having as many settlements as possible and it is a good policy to capture as many as you can as you traverse the map. However, one card in the game causes a player to lose ""prestige"" equal to the number of settlements they currently possess. I once lost four prestige (a tremendous amount) being on the receiving end of this card.Another card, a pact, allows two players to each gain one prestige per turn as long as both of the players live. Perhaps this is meant to put a target on these characters, but this card has never entered play without tremendously altering the course of the game. Typically, this card puts the two characters in the pact 4-5 prestige above every other player.In most games, due to random events and cards, I am unable to even complete two of the quests assigned to my character. Between deaths, bane spawns (rot dragons that emerge from dungeons), and perils (challenges that players must complete when landing on certain tiles), I can't even get across the map. This emotion, feeling a lack of both competency and agency, sours every experience I have with the game.This is not even getting into how targeting is unclear, how one character can complete one of the extremely difficult perils in the king's courtyard and ""clear the way"" for another player to waltz into the final battle with the king, how spirit stones are sometimes far too easy to acquire with random spawns, or how the player needs to commit suicide on banes (rot dragons) to stand a chance of achieving a rot score comparable to the king's.The game is charming, with a great visual style, production values, and no multiplayer connection issues. However, this is where my praise for the game ends."
76561198012485592,Recommended,290340,35233829,Posted: 26 September,all,Duncan Idaho,"In Armello, League of Geeks have created a wonderfully textured digital board game.  You play as an animal avatar against three others seeking the throne of a blighted King who will die in a set number of turns until you vanquish him or gain enough prestige to be awarded the throne on his death.   The King is both competitor and game master, visiting proclamations that affect gameplay each dawn (the gameboard has a day/night cycle and this also affects gameplay in various ways with certain events, cards and equipment operative only during either cycle).  The Kings ""guard"" (appropriately loyal dogs) and Banes, crow-like monsters, also appear on the game board to variously attack players, defend the King or carry out his insane proclamations, adding complexity to the game.Armello's production values are quite high, especially the card artwork (the inventory/spell/peril cards are extraordinarily well-rendered and the artists are credited which is a nice touch).  Animations, sound, music and board visuals are all colorful and engaging.It will take a few playthoughs to get a sense of the various victory pathways (hint: go for prestige victories at first, they are the easiest).  Avatars have enough distinguishing stats and traits, which, along with various jewelry choices at avatar set up make for somewhat unique builds (although those looking for deep, RPG-style customization will be disappointed).   The player must manage the gameboard's topography (with various tiles affecting movement, health and offering exploration benefits), equipment choices, perils (a symbol matching affair versus negative effect), quest system and - of course - dice-based combat.  Combat in particular is quite satisfying with tactile dice rolls including beautifully rendered dice and sound effects.  Various dice apply various offensive or defensive bonuses, explode into additional dice or count as misses.  I was surprised how much excitement the battles generate.Armello has enough complexity to create solid replay value even in the base game (which this review pertains to).   In single play, a game can take 20-30 minutes, although you can speed up AI turns if you wish.  It's probably best to keep the game at regular speed as a beginner as it really pays to study your opponents' choices.   Multiplayer plays quite a bit longer (human players generally take longer to make their turn choices, equip inventory and study the game board, etc.); as a result, I had a few players quit my game such that by the end I was playing the AI.Quite a few negative reviews cite the randomness of many events of the game (not sure why this surprises/enrages some people as it is a board game and such games notoriously rely on dice and card draws to advance the gameplay).  While it is true randomness arises in many aspects of Armello, I prefer to focus on my reactions to random events as a test of my adaptability.  Flexibility as a strategy as it were.  Is your current approach to victory not panning out?  Switch to another.   Is the leader offensively equipped?  Play defense or throw the King's guards at him by placing a bounty on his head.  You can be combative or stealthy, both are viable.  To be sure, the RNG monster plays no favorites, and I've won games with last minute, low probability strategies that were just as sweet when pulled off as longer, well-planned campaigns.   The good player will embrace randomness as a character on the board and remain open to varying their playstyle in response.To sum up Armello is an outstanding game, not just an outstanding game of its type.  I do not consider myself a rabid fan of digital board/card games but this one won me over with its quality and execution."
76561198122214207,Recommended,290340,34898920,Posted: 12 September,all,GEI THÌ NÀM THAO :<,"Beautiful graphic. Game play like a board game, a little complicated and base on RNG too much. Recommend if play with friend."
,Not Recommended,290340,31663180,Posted: 10 May,all,pressbyrom,removing from games w/o refundthats how little I like this game
76561198137268207,Recommended,290340,35091257,Posted: 20 September,all,Mistoppi,"I'm hooked on this game already! My only problem is I do things wrong and then get angry and quit the game, but when I win the game, it's amazing."
76561198381715156,Recommended,290340,35059120,Posted: 18 September,all,Kylah 2,"TBH, I don't get why there are so many negative reviews.this game is amazingPROS-replayable-multiplayer-customizable games-ingame unlockables-every character has a unique personality [and stats + perk]-awesome art-runs smoothly, never experienced a bug once, never had any problems, easy to start up your own games-even though its RNG based, there's still a ton of strategy and no matter how much luck you have, you can lose easily when played wrong-if its a friend game, any characters they own transfer over and you can play them too while playing with that friend-you learn quickly as you playcons-partially RNG based-while playing with strangers u dont get their characters-need to nerf magna. theyer ophuge note, if u get this u should plan on playing it with friends. its not fun with random people lol."
76561198130948719,Recommended,290340,34463266,Posted: 24 August,all,Gamboleer,"HARDWARE: Win 10, i5 3570, GTX 1070. No performance issues, no crashes.I had this on my Wish List, tried it during the free play days, then bought the base game on sale for a little over $10.It's a reasonably fun board game solo, but the singleplayer is probably more useful for learning how the various pieces (avatar abilities, perils, gear, cards, etc) interact as well as doing some limited leveling of the same to learn good strategy so you can survive in multiplayer.Matches have a finite time span of about an hour, as they last a set number of turns, and there are timers (which can be turned down or off in single player) to keep turns moving. The game is turn-based, but there is also a real-time aspect because you can play your cards at any time (subject to card-specific restrictions and available resources) when it's not your turn -- you could, for example, watch two other players fighting and then finish off the winner from a distance with one of your spells. In addition to the player-versus player, the game mechanics also encourage occasional, temporary alliances, some of which are parasitic in nature.Multiplayer allows the inviting of friends and automated matchmaking with strangers. Match sizes are set at 4; it doesn't appear you can do two players and two AI in multiplayer (someone correct me in comments if I'm wrong, please), and there is no local multiplayer. I would like to see these features so I can play a more casual game with a single friend.Production values are top-notch. I did notice a few grammatical and punctuation errors, but nothing horrible.I'd love to see this as a boxed game."
76561197994094939,Not Recommended,290340,34769770,Posted: 5 September,all,Strawberry Smiggles,I notice my fps drops every turn change. I've tried another moniter and optimizing the game but nothing helps. I don't play on a potato.Fun game to play with friends or AI but really comes down to your luck with card draws. The custom game options can make games with friends and playing vs AI better. AI could use work(set AI level is very random and self destructive). Game looks very pretty tho besides turn changes.Online isn't good or practical as far as im concerned. The style of this game is slow and to wait on 3 other people as well as feel rushed feels bad.Very cool idea for a game but updates are focused on in game purchases and DLC as OP as the game :_(
