user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,290530,23675055,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Yoj,"This game has lots of setbacks. So how can I recommend it, considering that? Two words: asymmetric co-op — this single factor is so important that it changes the perception of this game and its overall experience. There are pretty much no other games on PC with asymmetric co-op of this kind. This feature makes Clandestine a unique experience which has to be appreciated despite its flaws.Let's get clear with the setbacks first:1. Poor optimization (average 40 FPS on a decent rig).2. Visuals and overall production values will remind you of mid 2000s (except for music, which is spot on).3. Story and characters are nothing to blow your wad over.So how can a single feature outweigh all of the above?Just get a friend for co-op and now all of a sudden you're no longer playing a generic indie stealth-action game with dated visuals, but engaging in deep & realistic spy missions all over the world. Go in as a spy and do whatever it takes to get the job done, or put yourself in the shoes of the all-seeing internet wizard and help your spy friend in any way you can. There are plenty of approaches to the missions at hand, both from the perspective of the spy and hacker: you can be totally stealth, without leaving any traces in either physical or digital form, or go in guns blazing / server DDOS'ing, wiping out any resistance in your way. But playstyle isn't the only thing that's left at your discretion, with it also expanding to side objectives, in-mission decisions, choosing routes, equipment and the like.What's usually just a generic gaming convention, e.g. hacking electronic door locks and disabling security cameras, now becomes a real game mechanic, with those jobs being reserved for your co-op hacker partner. Need to know the location of those security guards? Ask your partner to tag them for you. Want to make an extreme, highly dangerous stealth run between the routes of security guards? Have your hacker partner carefully guide you, tracking both your and their movement. Seriously, open a voice chat via Steam, Teamspeak, Skype, Hangouts or any similar app and the game becomes an experience like no other.It also isn't a walk in the park if you're playing as a hacker — you'll need to be really good at multi-tasking, providing spot-on help for your spy partner, digesting and extracting useful information from data you obtained, spotting enemies through cameras and disabling them with the right timing and playing hide-and-seek with the network administrator. Sometimes, all at the same time. You won't be bored.Usually in spy games mission control is reserved only for supplying player some info. And in hacker games, usually you can do everything remotely, leaping from host to host. In Clandestine, you're nothing without your partner, there are some thing that only your partner can do, and this goes for both hacker and spy characters. Hacker won't be able to reach non-connected machines or designated networks without a help from a spy. Spy is a blind puppy without a hacker.This game develops great sense of trust between players, resulting in jolly co-operation.Clandestine is a great example of a flawed masterpiece or a diamond in the rough, that almost nobody gave a chance to, with SteamSpy estimating sales at just 9K copies sold. Sure, it's hard to see what's so good about this game just by its description and some screenshots, but that's just more reason for you to try it yourself — just remember to get a friend along for the ride.P.S. For more awesome hidden gems, follow theCRIMINALLY Low Salessteam curator."
76561198002567771,Recommended,290530,18959641,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Xenus Icelon,"Clandestine is a unique experience with good writing and a somewhat poor graphics and performance attached to it.Let's just get right to business with the bad. Yes, it looks like it came straight from the Playstation 2 era and this is not at all encouraging to modern gamers. It even has some occasional issues with the performance, bugs that are somewhat obvious, clunky movement and controls, and it definitely does not look like it brings much new to the stealth genre.But then why the positive recommendation?Because where the graphics and performance are questionable, the gameplay itself is solid, the writing is great with excellent attention to detail, and the co-op is a good way to spend time with a friend working things out together. and getting through the story. Which, by the way, changes based on what you do. If you kill everyone because dead men don't tell tales, then you will have a different experience after a few missions than if you went through as a ghost, unseen and unheard.While some things are easy to see coming from far away, the story as far as I've experienced it makes sense and is intriguing enough to keep you coming back for more. As for the co-op gameplay, it does exactly what many people wanted to do for their stealth games. As the spy, you will rely on your co-op partner to hack into the computer net, get you the information you need to play your undercover role out, block cameras from seeing you, and mess with anything electronic that needs messing with. As the hacker, you will be multitasking to hack into their system in one screen, check the cameras for guards approaching your partner from behind, and work with a map to make sure your partner doesn't get lost in the facilities you're infiltrating. Both roles are rewarding, and working together as a team makes for a unique experience that so far I've not been able to find anywhere else in a game.(I have not played single player, so I can not mention much on that)Clandestine can be a real hit, something you will remember for years to come and will hope to see more of if you can see past the obvious flaws and outdated graphics. If you can, I can certainly recommend it.But if you are big into graphics and are easily frustrated it may not be your kind of thing. Clandestine is a flawed gem. If you can look past the flaws you will have a great time."
76561198074696731,Recommended,290530,26160667,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Joshscramble,"For fans of stealth games I would give this a hearty YES.The game is only £15 with solid mechanics and interesting design that is rarely seen anywhere else. I would totally buy Clandestine 2 or kickstart it if it was coming out.This game shines most when played with a friend, when only playing the operative side the tension of being without a great deal of vision/knowledge really amps up the tension and feel of the game.When playing only the Hacker it feels strangely like a puzzle/startegy game almost except when you make a mistake a well coordinated operative can cover up your mistakes with a clutch gunfight.A couple of the only minor bad points I could think of are the wonky facial/talk animations and how awkward it is to get your controller set up. Don't get me wrong the controller detects and works fine but wildly hammering every button in the tutorial and rebinding unhelpful button names can be pretty annoying, would recommend keyboard and mouse personally.All-in-all a very solid, unconventioanl game with 2 players that is a steal at £15, if this game ever gets reduced it is a no-brainer for me."
76561198051212542,Not Recommended,290530,18914674,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,gunslinger.mc,"Sadly, I gotta admit that so far this is a 'no'. Don't get me wrong, it's not a bad game per se, the idea is rather nice and game design is okay, but you WILL get mad at this game A LOT, because almost every feature is rough around the edges. Movement? Yup. Object interaction? Yup. Failing mission because a guard noticed you just as the bullet was saying hi to his brain? Totally. Unable to open Pause menu by pressing Escape? Uh-huh, you're stuck here until Alt+F4.Also, this game might have been more fun to play despite all its flaws, probably, but what we end up with is rather generic and repetetive as well. It doesn't make the game terrible. It just makes the game 'meh'."
,Recommended,290530,32727966,Posted: 24 June,all,Joker {OSI},"For its quirky 1990's theme. I really liked the game play. Voice acting was dreadful with the exception of one secondary character that must have done voice acting before. Regardless, I recommend this game as long as you can play with someone. You play as either a FSB agent sneaking around areas or you play as a NSA agent behind the scenes managing overwatch and avoiding server admins as you hack computers, doors, cameras, or utilities to make sure the agent on the ground is not compromised. Lets hope these guys can make a Clandestine 2 with some better voice actors and base it in the 2000's so you're not using modems but high speed networks with anonymous knocking at your digital door."
,Recommended,290530,31775450,Posted: 15 May,all,Gamer,"Clandestine is an action spy game where you can play with a partner for Co-op mode but I played in Singleplayer mode since I have noone to co-op with (lol). If you are playing co-op mode then one player will play as Katya the Spy while the other player will play as Martin the Hacker. If you're playing this game in singleplayer mode then you will play as both Katya and Martin. There will be missions where stealth is the best option or having more spy equipment/gear in the field is the best option. For the Co-op players only, only play as Katya the Spy if you want to be out in the battlefield and only play as Martin the Hacker if you want to stay behind and hack into the enemy's computer systems and not be in the battlefield. The player who plays as Katya gets to do all the shooting and infiltrating while the player who plays as Martin gets to hack into the enemy's computer system, surveillance feed, and support Katya by sending health kits or ammo in dropbox locations in the field.All in all this is a pretty rad and fun spy action game and I highly recommend this game! :D"
,Recommended,290530,26471558,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,ExecutiveArka,"Loved it, absolutely loved it, worth every penny. Story was amazing, sound really sets the atmosphere and the combination of the two roles to successfully pass the levels was beautiful. They left no detail untouched and even leave 1996 newspapers, personal emails and other little snippets of the later ninties to get you even more into the game.You have to have a tolerance for glitches though. Don't hide under stairs if you want a fair game and don't cry if a soldier walks through a closed door (it doesn't happen often though).I really wish more games like this existed."
,Recommended,290530,12949421,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Rico,"Kadeshot: Hack this alarm please, I need a code.Me: Are you sure? I don't think I can...Kadeshot: Just do it.Me: OK, hacking now.>alarm goes off, guards swarm around Kadeshot<Kadeshot: >sigh<Me: >checks vital signs, all red.<Kadeshot: Le...Me: Wait let me do this one thing, >clears throat< SNAKE! SNAKE! SNAAAAAAAKKKKKEEEE!!!!Good game with a lot of potential with great developers who seem to answer as many forum posts as possible."
,Recommended,290530,12725856,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Evil incarnate,"Initially, I was hesitant to buy this game because of the price and lack of catalogue behind this developer. However, putting some faith into this game I took a risk and bought it straight-out. It was the right choice... kind of.This is a third person stealth game with a female lead, which is rare nowadays given the genre. However, that isn't why this game has potential, it's the old school ""PS2"" feeling Clandestine holds that held me all the way through. If you didn't play many PS2 games, don't worry, you can get to experience a modern outlook of what stealth gameplay use to be like. The game is fun if but flawed but then again this is the first releasse of an alpha and there is plenty of room for improvement.There are nice touches here and there, but also problems here and there. The character model, certain animations, gameplay mechanics (like the hacking) I can tell have work put into them but this game needs more money and polish put into it for it to really exceed. The problems being janky controls to it, no, not the tank control your character has, but actions like calling an elevator, using the cover system, feels.... off, not fluid enough. There's also the lack of any graphical options, shadows, atmosphere, any decent music, hell, voice acting. The shooting is quite bland, the NPC models are generic and the UI could do with a less clean look, in my opinon.So why am I recommending this game then? Because it has the promise, and potential, to be amazing. Also I want to see more games like this instead of the cluster♥♥♥♥ of cloned 2D games we're all seeing now, this game feels like a breath of fresh air and to its credit, it did keep me entertained. All this needs is more man hours put into it!Oh yeah, this has co-op functionality, so there's that.---reviewed playing alpha 0.1, 1st November 2014---"
,Recommended,290530,12713886,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,keenriser,"So far I have only played through the tutorial, but first impressions are quite promising. I'm having some minor technical issues (which is to be expected from an alpha), but have reported them all and it seems developer response is quite fast.The performance of the game is very good on my not really game-capable laptop, although I have to wonder if that changes once I load up a proper mission (tutorial is quite simple in terms of level design).All in all, I do like it right now. I'll update this review when I've played a bit more :)"
76561197985847263,Recommended,290530,18902710,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,[LoR] Team Triss,"EDIT: I have tried to go through and make changes to my review where the game has changed (e.g. bug fixes, tutorial improvements, etc), but I may have missed some.  The game has gotten several patches since this was initially posted, so I might be shining a slightly harsher light on it than it now deserves.Warning: Unmarked Potential Spoilers AheadThe game is definitely rough around the edges, there's no denying that.  I discovered in Copenhagen that I can grab guards through walls (they'll just teleport to me), and I've had some other assorted bugs, but on the whole my friend and I had a good time playing the game.  Overall I think I'd give it a 7/10; the cutscene graphics definitely drag it down a bit, and the voice acting could be better, but the core concept and gameplay are well done.Some negative observations/thoughts:There's kind of a disconnect in between what the spy is doing and what the hacker is doing.  It took me a while to figure out that little blue cross cursor is what the hacker is currently accessing, which helps.  Maybe the asymmetry of it took us some getting used to because my hacker friend seemed to be doing things more fluidly after a while.  The disconnect comment comes right from him.  Also, marking more than three enemies would be useful; three seems to be a tad too small.  EDIT: The hacker bug mentioned previously (hacker can't move in the HQ between missions) was acknowledged as a bug and quickly fixed.The game could use some better explanations of how the various mechanics work.  The starting tutorial is good, but could use some more explanations of things like Footprint.  EDIT: The confusion with breaking locks has been cleared up in the forums and an improved tutorial bubble has been implemented /EDIT.  Copenhagen was an utter disaster in terms of getting spotted; at the end I had seven bodies.  My friend went to use Cleaner, but we didn't know exactly how it worked.  So on our way out, having failed to use it properly, the bodies were discovered, leaving witnesses and a giant footprint.  What's the difference between crouching and walking, if neither makes noise?  Maybe I missed it, but why would you use one over the other?  How does the hacker gets more/refill their abilities?  I know they unlock via Intel scores, but do they refresh every mission?  I think so because I haven't found a way to buy any.As I said above, I encountered a bunch of bugs.  I didn't get any gamebreaking bugs, but I would say they definitely qualify as something bigger than minor.  For example, while in the crime scene in Copenhagen, I was able to grab one of the guards through the wall.  He just teleported into the room and I went through the knockout animation.  In Warsaw, after the conversation with Baxter, I chose to knock him out and my hacker partner didn't see the knockout; just him falling over.  Also in Warsaw, I had an ammo drop fail to give me any ammo for my PPK; it said that I had refilled my ammo, but when I went to use the PPK it said I had no ammo left!  I think there was an issue loading, though; I had just blown my cover a minute earlier (the ammo pickup worked fine then) and had to reload the checkpoint, after which I got the buggy ammo pickup.  Fortunately, I didn't need the PPK again that mission.  The game could also use a pass over the collision detection, as well.  I had a handful of clips through various objects/NPCs during the levels.  A Bug Reports subforum would probably be of use.Crashes: a few for both of us.  One of his crashes was related to mine, I believe, because I crashed and he followed suit a moment later.  I think my crashes were related to using NVidia's Dynamic Super Resolution, where it renders at at 3840x2160 and then downsamples to 1920x1080; I set the resolution just to 1920x1080 and I haven't had a problem since.  Of course, I verified the game cache, and it validated all the files.The graphics could use a pick me up.  They're not terrible, and I'm perfectly fine with the mission graphics, but the cutscene graphics are pretty rough for a 2015 game.  Sarah especially looks like she's perpetually sucking lemons.  EDIT: Unfortunately, Josiah's fumanchu no longer does that hysterical clipping with his chin (aka it was fixed).Positive observations/thoughts:The core idea is brilliant.  I compare it to a coop Alpha Protocol, a game which was panned by critics (and similarly buggy lol), but a game I personally still love and play through every now and again.  Where this game really started to shine was the London and Warsaw missions.  Not every mission is like Mexico or Copenhagen, where you have to always sneak around in the shadows.  It was really thrilling to be wandering around the London office and the Warsaw party blending in with the enemies and then branching off to quickly do a task.  I think it was wonderfully executed, and I hope the same pattern continues for the last few missions.  This is, I think, where the game really shines and excels.I think the spy's controls were well done.  There's nothing too crazy to do as the spy, but the movement and mantling especially felt much improved even just from version 0.9, which is when I picked it up.  It seems like you've got a good range on your cover takedowns, although I wish the enemies didn't teleport a foot or two over if they're too far.Gunplay is decent.  You're not quite as in trouble if it comes to shooting as you would be in older Splinter Cell games (can't speak to Conviction+), and if you're quick on the draw you can shoot before your enemies draw, but the gunplay isn't anything out of the ordinary, either.  I feel like a tightening of the cursor over time would be of benefit instead of the quick shrink to the size that it is.  There's no zoom either, which is ok I guess since it's close range, but it would be ""nice"".Once you get into a groove, it's possible to really synergize well with your coop partner.  The game would have benefitted from in game voice chat, however, having played both with the text chat and on TeamSpeak with a friend, there's just no substitute for the voice chat.Overall, like I said, I think I'd give it a 7.5/10.  It's rough and it needs a good coat of polish (EDIT: Which they seem to be sticking around to give), but there's a solid game under there.  I bought multiple copies during an Early Access sale (sorry to see the two pack go!) and I don't regret any of my purchases.  We both had fun tonight, and will definitely continue even after we beat it; it'll be my turn to be the hacker and we'll see if we can beat our previous performance.  I believe there's some element of randomization in the levels so hopefully it won't be just us memorizing patterns/locations.I don't want to make it seem like I used reams of paper for the negatives and just have a few tiny paragraphs for the positives, but I wanted to a) be specific about the negatives in the hopes that it can help improve the game, b) I'm a little tired, but more importantly c) I'm having trouble putting my thoughts into words for the positives.  It's easy to point out the bugs and the things you believe need improvement, but aside from saying I think they have a wonderful idea here and really nailed some of these missions (Warsaw!) with how you weave in and out of clandestine actions (pardon the pun), it's hard to describe it.  I don't make YouTube videos but I hope someone can make some and show off more gameplay post-release to give people an idea of what I'm talking about.Anyway, I hope this will give prospective buyers a decent look into the state of the game immediately post release, maybe help assuage some fears, or pique some curiousities.  I mark it as Recommended, but caveat it with ""if you're planning on playing coop"".  Singleplayer, I think the roles are two complex to try to multitask them."
76561198025223487,Recommended,290530,19434463,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Slize,"The quick recapbecause who has the time to read my soliloquyClandestine is a genius and unforgiving stealth game in which mistakes are lethal. The only way to avoid the mistakes is to have a good friend in the van monitoring you and planning ahead of time. This is a stealth game where non-lethal playthrough is rewarding because the non-lethal options are numerous and cool, whereas the guns are pretty much all the same and do the same thing without much skill needed. No advanced objective requires a kill. You will succeed or fail based on your preparation, co-ordination and skill alone. Exploration is rewarded but not capital.Similar toIt's a mix of Hitman's social blending stealth and lethality counter among missions with Splinter Cell's cover hiding. The ""hacking"" is more akin to Volume's top-down approach with movement and action execution timing down to some of the abilities, and gives access to a map similar to Hitman's.Also Katya kicks♥♥♥♥♥and doesn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥you're judging her looks while she does.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~My piece of opinion and experienceClandestine perfectly captures the tension of spy team effort. Remember those spy movies and series where you get fast cuts between an agent in infiltration, struggling with a security ""wall"" and anxiously looking back at the incoming guards, while their technical counterpart nervously types in as many commands as possible on a computer to bypass the security? The tense exchange of words as the mission's success and usually the agent's life are at the mercy of the techie's ability? The exhilarating relief when, at the last second, the obstacle is overrun and the spy swiftly slips through and the guard passes by completely oblivious of the feat that was accomplished? This is what Clandestine is about.The gameplay feels a bit like one of the player is a ghost, while the other is a zombie: Katya can do impressive stuff but more often than not will get killed easily when spotted; and since she's basically blind to the layout, security systems placement, guards routes and precise localisation of her objectives, there is a lot of room for fatal mistakes. On the other hand Martin is invulnerable and nearly all-seeing, he can be anywhere at a click and learn everything, but his digital fingers can't touch a dossier. You willneeda friend to take that role you don't fill, and you'll both need to have voip and a good headset because things will get chatty.I play as Katya with a friend. And I'll trade her anyday for a Solid Snake or a Sam Fisher. Katya doesn't have all the  gadgetspornarsenal and that's exactly what drives the thrill of the infiltration, doing it all on your personnal skill as a player. I actually don't even pick a gun in my loadout so I'm not tempted to shoot people in the face. I just wander around using her cool non-lethal takedowns or plainly avoiding contact. Even the gadgets (I usually go for pager, banshee and modem) can be completely discarded. What matters is Martin.Through Skype I can hear my friend frantically exploring the level and the computer network. He looks for the best route to the objective and takes care of the security devices while tagging guards, plans how to exfiltrate, gathers intel on the security measures, avoid the system admin and work towards secondary objectives. Usually all at the same time. His screen is split to offer a complete layout of the place showing everything linked to the network, a grid view of said network to access the hardware, a camera feed to keep an eye on Katya's point of view or cameras', and a log for objectives and retrieved passwords (if you use the text chat I can't predict a good future for you). But as he goes, there is a hard limit to what he can do. Some hardware can be on a different, unplugged network, or a location is so well guarded it's just simpler to go around and have a modem installed to get in from a different location. Objectives always require a physical presence to either get or steal paper dossiers or making contact with a human informant. No matter how technologically advanced / skilled Martin is, he can't physically alter stuff. What matters is Katya.And that's why this co-operative duo works so well.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~MiscsKatya has a killer character design. She totally owns her punk style and doesn't take♥♥♥♥♥♥from people whether they want to take her down, comment on her outfit or chat her up (go check on the security guy at the office for more on that).The voice acting is really cool. Granted it's not celebrities voices but honestly I'm very glad for the quality of the acting and of the writing. Some lines could be delivered a little faster for impatient players such as myself but considering the importance of the majority of the elements of the briefings that's not much of a problem. There's also a ton of optional dialogue to uncover, mainly in the offices, to reward exploring the universe.I also really dig the fact the Katya speaks fluently russian (and not russian yoghurt) when she can, guards from the first / tutorial mission speak spanish among themselves in Mexico etc. As in other medias (my favourite example is Inglorious Basterds), the language adds a very grounding element to the game and makes it more realistic while reminding you that you are indeed travelling a lot. It may come as a small detail (I remember Splinter Cell Chaos Theory having thai dialogues), but coming from a small indie team I love the extra effort it must have been.Animations are maybe the weakest technical element. While Katya has killer hand to hand combat movements, more mundane animations like running and talking were clearly rushed. Can't really blame LA animator(s?) for getting their kicks animating action stuff, but it's also very hard to not be stupidly fixated on people's mouths doing bizarre movements when they talk.Katya has no way of knowing how injured she is unless Martin tells her. You can't tell whether she was shot zero or six times by looking at her or how she moves, only by asking your operator in his van to check her vitals. While a health bar for the agent would supress the delightful tension of a non-numeric health system, ""subtle"" graphical variation on her body or animation would be perfect in my opinion to convey her general state.Finally, I hope it comes as no surprise that the hacking gameplay is actually not hacking ;) It is however the best ""make you feel like you're hacking"" experience I've played in a game that doesn't focus on teaching people what hacking is like. For those who want a better hand at ""realistically"" fiddling with computer systems I'd rather recommend Hackent or else Heart.Break()."
76561198009850302,Recommended,290530,20203118,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,NerV,"A challenging 2 player Co-op game.I am playing this with my girlfriend and you definately need to communicate with each other ( I recommend voice chat). When the misson is complete it is very rewarding! The graphics are average but the game play makes up for it. It is a short story that I hope they expand down the track, although It does have replay value.You can choose to be Katya (Spy) or Martin (The hacker).I have been playing as Katya and enjoying the take downs, the stealth aspect, anticipating guard patrol patterns, the rare humour and the choice of weapon, gadgets and ammo type to suit the misson.My girlfriend has been playing as Martin. She helps me by directing me to the objective, marking the guards, cutting the camera feeds, using assets that include ammo and med drops, hiring a cleaner and bribing guards. She also helps obtain pass codes to open doors, setting up traps to eliminate patrol men as well as dodging the computer admin.Not sure how this goes as a single player but I strongly recommend you play with a friend.I would give this a solid 8 and a half out of 10."
,Not Recommended,290530,29281739,Posted: 15 January,all,caubert,"This is a great stealth game. Has everything great in it and I would 100% recommend it, but it has one major stupid flaw. There are basically no checkpoints - loading a checkpoint means you have to replay almost half of the map and this is bad game design. Just redesign checkpoint system or add quicksave with counter and my thumbs are up. So I can't recommend it to you for such price."
,Recommended,290530,14496116,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Alamo,"Please note, this game is still early access. If you're going to be turned off by bugs, hold off until it at least hits v1.0 before giving it a spin. THAT SAID, I love the concept of this game.My friend and I play a lot of games together, and we're big on maximizing our communication to really make a difference in multiplayer games. In Clandestine co-op, communication is key. A good hacker is streamlining, guiding, and scouting the route for the infiltrator.The infiltrator is taking care of objectives and relaying their needs back to the hacker for support. The gameplay on the infiltrator side (my prefered side) handles like an older third-person stealth game would (see Hitman or Splinter Cell) while the hacker is much more of problem solving and gathering as much information about the playing field as possible. With a good team, and an appreciation for a co-op game where cooperation is integral (neither party can get anything done without the others help), I found it very easy to overlook some of the basic flaws that this beta has and enjoyed playing it thoroghly.I can't wait to see more levels added!"
,Recommended,290530,28575258,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Coreus Symphonia,"A perfect example of a game that's more than the sum of its parts. The game features you either playing the agent or the hacker, each having a very different perspective on each mission. The agent is your typical 3rd person view that interacts with the world, while the hacker is stuck somewhere far away with access to the level's networking structure. Each mission requires you to honor both these diciplines, either in single player or in online co-op - which is the way the game SHOULD be played anyway.Clandestine also manages to establish an environment and somewhat of a story outside each mission, allowing you to run around in HQ doing various tasks, talking to people and further advancing the story. Most of these are optional though. The game also changes some of its dialogue trees based upon how you've done it in previous missions, and even changes future missions!While being anywhere near state of the art graphically-wise it serves the game well enough to not pay it much mind once you have a couple of missions in your pocket. The soundtrack is atmospheric, but voice talents are subpar with often hilariously bad dialogue and pronounciations. There's also an (un)healthy dose of broken in-game cinematics that are more the standard of the norm than random occurences. Expect to see people and items glitch through floors, walls and not even honor you being stealthy/hidden! Thankfully you can also be just as shady, allowing you to take out guards through walls and doors!For a game that so heavily relies on stealth you're forced to play around the game in way that damages the experience and immersion - a thing that should've been patched a long time ago. Net code also seemed way off at times, requiring a really good internet connection unless you wanted your co-op partner to drop out. Swapping roles are also inadvertedly awkward, as the game host will always play the agent and the joining player will play the hacker. If you want to switch roles in between missions you have to send your save game to the other person! Seriously!?There are many thing that Clandestine should have fixed or done better, but as I said initally it is an experience that is better than the sum of its parts. Because when it works it's an experience like no other. You have to pay attention, keep a close dialogue (a VOIP is a MUST) with your team mate and work together to make it through the levels. There are plenty of exilirating moments to be had when the game allows it and this is where Clandestine shines. It makes one wonder why there aren't any more games of this type.If stealth is your forté and can compromize with the game's apparent faults and some its wonky mechanics are wonky and lackluster dialogue there is a unique experience to be had here. It is a shame that it requires a bit of work to see this diamond in the rough.Rating: 5/10 (Decent)"
,Recommended,290530,12718191,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Ahravi the waff,"I'll wait for more optimization and an update or two before going into full detail, but I'm gonna say, I see quite a bit of potential in this.Going into full combat will get you killed quickly. The stealth isn't THAT easy so far. Animations are smooth, if a bit jumpy in between ""some"" transitions like turning around and such, the shoulders kinda derp. But the movement feels nice with some momentum and stuff, just waiting for a better framerate to completely judge that one."
,Recommended,290530,34031122,Posted: 4 August,all,Zombra,"Recommended without reservation!If you've played stealth or hybrid games such as Hitman, Alpha Protocol, or Deus Ex, you'll have a basic idea what being the Agent is like.  That type of game is pretty fun.  Here, the extra dimension of the Hacker support player makes things far more interesting.  Definitely make time to play this with a friend.  As a single-player game, it's fine, I guess; but the co-op experience is outstanding.It's probably not the best shooter you've ever played, nor the best stealth game you've ever played, nor the best hacking game you've ever played; the enemy AI isn't cutting edge; it doesn't have the best graphics you've ever seen; the writing isn't the most provocative ever ... I could perhaps go on.  These individual elements are important, and sure, it'd be nice if they were all As instead of B+s, but it's not so important in light of how well everything comes together.  What's important is the overall design, and so farClandestinedelivers.  Levels are well designed to keep both players highly engaged, and the asymmetrical nature of your abilities really magnifies the need for good communication.Get a friend and try it, dammit.  It's good.P.S. If you're more intelligent than your co-op friend, you should play as the Hacker; there's a lot more to keep track of.  It's OK, I won't tell them you made that decision if you don't."
,Recommended,290530,19995075,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,kaizer0002,"The animations are janky, the cutscenes break all the time, and a lot of the stealth controls fall apart when you need them most. This all forgiven by the fact that this is a stealth game with a unique gimmick and solid game design. The hacker/stealther are each given separate information and have to learn how to communicate (Think Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes). I only wish there was mroe missions or a New Game+ Mode."
,Recommended,290530,32961656,Posted: 28 June,all,annezca,"Played as a hacker with a friend, it's good in it's own right. But if you're the one playing stealth, it can get frustrating as the movement is somewhat slow and rough, and for a stealth game, it's not as precise as you'd want it to be.But the over all gameplay is good! I'd play it again with a friend. So if you're going to go coop, this is a fun game, otherwise, there are other stealth games out there you'd rather enjoy :)"
,Recommended,290530,29833660,Posted: 10 February,all,Starchy,"Very fun game to play with a friend, interesting enough story to overlook the lack of polish & hilariously bad voice acting. I hope the devs can make higher budget games in the future. Recommended!"
,Not Recommended,290530,34801670,Posted: 7 September,all,Jamie,"I _really_ want to like this game.Played with a friend, both of us trading off roles in the intro mission, and then worked our way through mission two.As hacker: There's a lack of things to do, most of the time you're just disabling cameras for your partner, or quickly poking at computers. When you're doing stuff it's great, but most of the time you're waiting for something to happen.As spy: Movement/combat controls are _really_ wonky. Needing to manually juggle guns + matching clips is annoying. No support for mantling/climbing unless you're directly prompted, so you get stuck behind knee-high boxes on the ground. Going loud seems to work better than going stealth.Ultimately we gave up, after spending more time fighting the game than playing it."
76561198038406827,Recommended,290530,24114247,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Cursed Owen,"Cons:The tutorial needs work and the controls need expressing to the player better.There are a fair amount of bugs and exploits.There's sometimesiffythings going on with mouths during cutscenes.A balaclava is not a bullet-proof helmet no matter what you tell me. If a player cannot tell the difference, it needs to be made clearer.£19.99 feels like a lot for the title.Pros:The gameplay absolutely 100% redeems all of the cons but the infuriating balaclavas.Asymetrical co-op is a very interesting concept that isn't done often. This is a perfect example of how it should be done.The missions feel realistic and immersive.Summary:The story and characters are interesting, but nothing to write home about. The HQ is a needlessly complicated maze.  With a bigger team working on it, or perhaps given more time, this game would have been 10/10."
,Recommended,290530,26947462,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TeTeTri,"A unique and fun coop experience, even if a bit rough around the edges."
,Recommended,290530,18966955,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,34844841,"I want to see more games like this!My only complaint is that it's hardly any frames (I get more fps in ArmA 3 than I do in this game, ironically), but overall a this is a great game with good features.  Highly recommend."
,Recommended,290530,13368977,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,RMCora,"Reviewing Version: 0.212 / 14 / 14TL;DR: This game's asymmetric co-op system offers a unique and fun two-player experience that makes this game very enjoyable, even through the notable bugs in the game's current alpha state.Longer Review:With one player playing from a 3rd person shooter point of view, and the other from a unique ""hacker"" point of view, co-op is made -very- important in this game. The field agent, on their own, simply sees what's right in front of them. No objective markers, no map, and limited ammo. The hacker has all the info, but isn't in the field to act on that info. They have the map, they see the objectives, they can look through the camera, they can call out guards, they can bribe, they can drop ammo/health-kits, they can hack passwords for locked doors, and so forth.This system lends itself to an extremely co-op oriented, yet still responsibility-flexible experience. A skilled field-agent player can probably go all out as an mostly independent Sam Fisher sort of role, only needing help with a couple doors. On the other hand, a skilled hacker can quickly seek out most guard positions, disable all cameras, drop ammo near the field agent when they see fire-fights going down, drop health kits when the heart monitor shows injury, pre-hack all door passwords, bribe guards in stickier situation, and general make things a LOT easier on the field agent player.This is part of what makes the system so fun, is that the system causes the two players to rely on each other to succeed, yet gives room for inexperience on either role to further reinforce that co-op ""helping each other out"" feel. Currently there are several notable bugs in the game that can be hindering, but the fun that comes out of this game very much outweighs any annoyances. I look forward to this game being a hit, and seeing more players online."
76561197983284505,Recommended,290530,18895362,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Malganor,"Got the 2 pack earlier in the beta and even then it showed promise. While the female character could be worked on a little more the game as a whole is very much a unique and enjoyable experience. The biggest con for me is how the hacker looks visually (specially since that's the role I play the most), I wish I had other options for an outfit and his walk/run....oh gawd...it's...like he's imitating a chicken or something. I'm positive not even in the 90's did people walk like that."
,Recommended,290530,29834081,Posted: 10 February,all,yrro°,"This is a third person stealth game in which you play two characters: the operator, who plays as you'd expect, and the hacker, who has to retrieve data from computers, spot enemies, take care of cameras, obtain the access codes for doors, manipulate the envionrment to distract enemies, and so on. You can also play co-operatively, in which case the host plays as the operator and the guest plays as the hacker. Voice comms recommended!This is not a slickly produced AAA game like Splinter Cell, and in order to enjoy it you have to be willing to look past the jankiness and imperfect voice acting. This is balanced by the surprisingly substantial worldbuilding and low-key, actaully-somewhat-plausible storyline (think more le Carré instead of Ian Fleming) that was presumably inspired by the revelations surrounding Room 641A and later PRISM. The main characters also have a lot more depth to them than you would expect (and it's always a pleasant surprise to find an honest to goodness actaul Strong Female Character, especially in a game in this genre!)I get the impression that the developers of this game really care about their craft, even though they don't have access to a huge budget. For instance, the tactics you use and choices you make in missions effect conversations that take place later on, and can even alter the tactics that your enemies will use later in the game.This is not a perfect game, but it is perfectly worth playing and I hope that the developers earn enough that they can produce a second iteration in the future."
,Recommended,290530,33071392,Posted: 30 June,all,Archiepiscopus Flabrus,"Some of the most coop fun I've had in recent memory.The reason is that the gameplay is so good and diverse.  Voice chat for coordination is a must.  Playing with a friend that you can get on the same wavelength with and anticipate their moves makes this a breathtakingly fun experience.  Whether you're clearing a path with moving cameras and hacking doors or you're dodging guards and scrambling to gather intel, both roles are great fun and require strong coordination.  Challenging enough to keep you wanting more without driving you up the wall.All of this is IN SPITE OF:- Awful animations- Playstation 1 graphics- Goofy voice acting- Pointless story.All of those things don't even put a dent in the quality of the game, because the dynamic gameplay is that good."
,Recommended,290530,26640846,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Zerdath,"Beat the first level and loving the game so far.  Takes me back to Metal Gear Solid in the sneaky ways.  I still need to find someone to play with, which I can only guess will make the game even better!"
76561197967163358,Recommended,290530,21344015,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,jjbern000,Do you enjoy stealth games? Do you enjoy unique coop experiences? Welp you found it :) but maybe you enjoy singleplayer they have you covered as well by being able to play both sides.  Its an enjoyable experience from top to bottom and i didn't any play with a gun.  Its mixes several differenet pieces of stealth games well and i look forward to what the developer does next.
76561197971327182,Recommended,290530,33154712,Posted: 2 July,all,{RPF}Wolf,"An absolute steal of a game! Single Player mode is a great big challenge full of different playstyles and achievements, but the real sucess of this game lies in its co-op mode. Hours and hours of fun - I only wish these developers had been able to make the story even longer (or maybe release a new operation as DLC? Don't worry devs, I know this costs an inordinate amount of time and money!)If you like strategy games, are a fan of the Splinter cell series or just generally enjoy fun gameplay and a fun twist on the top-down strategy genre you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,290530,34028412,Posted: 4 August,all,Radiance,"Despite its failings, one of the best times I've had playing a game with a friend.It lacks polish, and occasionally we were laughing at the game when it was trying to take itself seriously. Not a gaming masterpiece, but a fun romp for 2 friends.Recommend using an outside voice chat program like Discord. Trying to handle it through in game text chat seems like a bad idea."
76561198067625367,Recommended,290530,23779664,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,rossdellgado,"This game looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ but when I saw nerd^3's gameplay it looked like a golden turd to me.I had dreams of spying it up and decided to fulfill them by buying this game for both me and my lil bro at the low, low price of 40 dollars minus one cent per copy.I then settled for hacker because my brother sucked at the hacking role, and lived the dream.I still had fun because it feels like playing baseball. Most spy games only let you experience impossible fantasies of super spies, but that isn't immersive enough to me because no-one can cover all bases and still pitch. I like the experience of a supportive role that is also supported, I like the joy I get from being appreciated and appreciating what is done for me. This is the only spy game I know of that is like this which is why I think it at least needs some attention so others can try to make shinier turds than this."
76561198080253265,Recommended,290530,13608418,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Sennate,"the gameplay for Clandestine was incredible, it offered traditional stealth gameplay, learning enemy patrols planning your strike for each hostile that crosses your path but to game ( especially in beta) is without bugs and faults... my friend and i experienced few bugs in the 2 hour gameplay session one being in the third mission i had eliminated 15/14 hostiles and the mission complete screen did not appear and the final mission the same problem but there was only 12/13 hostiles could be eliminated. but despite these minor bugs the overall experience was outstanding and should not be passed by."
,Recommended,290530,14552325,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Furtive Incognito,"it's looking good. most of the issues so far are related to controls not being clear which will be fixed by full release as i've been informed from the developers that they are working on a new tutorial. with that asside, a bit of pollish will make this game shine! i'm looking forward to playing the great stealth centric game that this promises to be."
,Recommended,290530,13723351,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Luxion,"TL;DR:Pros: Awesome co-op gameplay, okay solo, okay graphics (It's Early Access, so...)Cons: Awkward Spy movement and cover, not too optimized.Clandestine is an asymmetrical hardcore stealth game. I say hardcore because it takes 3 shots to kill the Spy. Sometimes guards get headshots that insta-kill you. Anyway, this game is asymmetrical in the fact that there are two modes: the Spy (Agent, Spy, they're called different things) and the Hacker. The Spy plays a lot like stealth games you see in other places. There's cover (clunky at the moment), takedowns, all that stuff. However, the Spy herself doesn't know where any guards or cameras are, or even where her goal is.This is where the Hacker comes in. This is the most interesting concept of this game in my opinion. The Hacker has access to all of the cameras and alarms and stuff, as well as a tactical map (minimap, but no color or depth, just wall outlines). The Hacker's job is to tell where the Spy to go, disable any cameras that might be an issue, and tag guards (when the Hacker tags guards, the Spy sees a number over that guard that can be seen through walls). However, the Hacker has opposition of his own: he has to avoid the ""system admin"" so that he doesn't get disconnected from the network. When he gets disconnected, everything the Hacker has done resets, so cameras turn back on, door passcodes change, etc.This game is absolutely amazing on co-op mode. One person plays as the Spy, the other as the Hacker. I can see how some people would think that being the Hacker could be boring, since you just manage things and keep an eye on a map for the entire level. But it's actually a lot of fun, and I prefer being the Hacker than the Spy. It's fun warning the Spy of a guard, or telling him where to go next, and it's also fun being fed that information. Of course, failing gloriously is always a possibility, and it's a ton of fun anyway. One mistake on one person's end could kill you.The game is okay on solo mode as of now. You have to fill in for both roles, which can be tedious. You'll move forward into cover or some other place as the Spy, then go into Hacker mode and scout things out. Note that when you switch into Hacker mode, the Spy can still be seen and shot at, which can be really frustrating.Version 0.7 is on it's way, which contains the first story mission and a better tutorial level, as well as some other additions and optimizations. So it might be good to wait a bit until that comes out. It'll have a nice polish om it by then."
,Recommended,290530,26110209,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,LightSpeed,"Finished the game as the Agent with my friend being the Hacker, and I have to say between the two of us, this game has phenomenal gameplay. Visually the game looks like♥♥♥♥♥ but how good the gameplay is completely makes up for it. The Agent and the Hacker rely heavily on each other to get through each mission and there's several different ways you can tackle it. The story wasn't all too great, but the gameplay is just so good, we were able to look past it. It was definetly one of the funnest games I've played and would love to go through again a few times exploring the various ways you can play through this game. I fully reccommend this game"
76561197999797567,Recommended,290530,18538069,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,TheOctagon,"If you couldn't guess by the trailers and other reviews, Clandestine is a co-op, stealth based game. Grab a buddy and play as the spy, who sneaks around, shanks guards, rescues targets and retrieves intel. OR play as a hacker and hack into the environment, manipulating cameras, water mains, and transformers, all while avoiding the security systems, which kick you out of the system, give you the blue screen  of death and reset all your hard earned anarchy.As the first game of its kind, Logic Artists could've done better, but they certainly couldn't do any worse. They could've easily made this game such that the hacker just sits there, occasionally opening a door while the spy sneaks around and knifes everyone in the room, or the spy hiding in a corner while the hacker bursts water mains and explodes transformers left and right. Luckily, the game is fairly balanced, and both parties involved have to have good communication skills to reach their objective. This is definitely the game to play with a close friend or significant other. Although they have public matchmaking and single player options, it's clear that this game was made for friends. While I wouldn't suggest getting it in early access (as there's a pretty good amount of polish that needs to go into this game before it's done), be sure to keep it on your radar, as it sets a precedent for both co-op and stealth fans alike."
,Recommended,290530,23835927,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,[HG]The Jarl Doom,"The graphics are so-so, the animations are funky at times, and the HQ building can seem like a maze.  No of that matters though!  Grab a pal, a brew, and your favorite 3rd party VoIP and have some seriously edge-of-your-seat hacking/spying fun.  I especially like the checkpoint system so if you mess up a section you don't have to start over from the top, you just roll back a bit and try a different strategy.Looking for a good co-op game for you and a buddy?  This is it."
,Recommended,290530,25315645,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Jokeola,"Really nice game for the price!Gameplay is really cool and the graphics, even though they're not the newest on the market(honestly couldnt care less) really fit the game.I'd recommend to play it in CO-OP though. It raises the fun bar even moreoverall a 8.5/10 and i'd recommend it to anybody who likes stealth and CO-OP"
,Recommended,290530,26653059,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Thexile,"If you want one of the best Co op experiances out there, this game is for you. Being the Hacker is exceptionally fun, even if sometimes you cant do much. If the hacker messes up, the agent dies. You have to rely on your partner for almost everything.I would totally support a Clandestine 2"
,Recommended,290530,24032788,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,=(eGO)= Zelda,"How did i not see this game?A co-worker was telling me about it.I've been looking for a game that fits my style of gameplay and I LOVE IT!One players as the spy, the secand is the hacker...got to work togeather to compleat the game.Tryed to stealth the 3ed mission, got seen by guard shot a few times...Still passed Nailed it!"
76561198011410137,Recommended,290530,18957826,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Saint Celestine,"Let me preface this with a disclaimer: If you hold appreciation or amusement for the culture of the 90's then you'll love this game, if you're too young to know or remember much of them this game probably isn't for you.Being the former this was one big nostalgia trip which involved a lot of ""WOWWWWW"" and laughter; dev's really nailed the immersion and level design. I probably spent 40 minutes or so just running around the agency building marvelling at it all.Had this game been set in a more modern era I would deride the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it for being a terrible waste of money. In my honest opinion the AI and stealth is mediocre, the guns and gunplay are♥♥♥♥♥♥ your gadgets are♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥ the ""social engineering"" is shallow if you give it so much as a second glance and the graphics are atrocious. Unreal 3, anyone? Now 4? What about Unity 4 and now 5? These kind of graphics really aren't excusable for this kind of genre.All that said though, whether by design or luck, it all ties into and feeds off each other to create something entirely 90's. Those clunky controls, bad guns and gadgets, the dumb AI, that fairly bad voice acting and occassionally buggy cutscenes. This♥♥♥♥♥♥is glorious, when I play I feel like I'm playing a game in the 90's (Realtalk: It plays how games back then worked when thinking back with nostalgia, not how terrible they are when you actually try). When there's a cutscene, I'm so interested in what's going on it practically feels like a movie from that era. The emails you hack and read? 90's. The stuff laying about that you can read? 90's. The speech, the clothes, the stereotypes all of it 90's.What really brings this game together in the end is the sheer amount of detail put into the levels, the dev's clearly put in a lot of care and attention to get everything just right and without that everything else would have fallen flat. Poking around and just looking at things takes up most of my gameplay.As it is, I think 25 USD is a more than fair asking price."
,Recommended,290530,32768229,Posted: 25 June,all,Arvind,"A nice take on videogame spy stuff, and really fun if you play with a friend."
,Recommended,290530,29935634,Posted: 14 February,all,Snake,Great assymetric co-op stealth action in a gritty 90s era spy setting. Needs a bigger budget sequel more than it needs polish.
,Recommended,290530,35244812,Posted: 27 September,all,[PhOeNiX-2]Uchiha Shosho,"Just a great co-op game,good gameplay and good sound tracks but♥♥♥♥♥♥performance..any way i recommend it if u want to spent some time with ur best friend or partner"
,Recommended,290530,33261883,Posted: 4 July,all,Kevyson,"This is Perfect Dark (N64) if it was in a realistic setting.that being said anyone who is reading this who has played Perfect Dark and liked it has just got the game.Pros-Good CO-OP game-Interesting story (Very much like Perfect Dark's story, a bit odd in that sence.)-TeamworkMiddleground-game can be a bit buggy sometimes however not very, only in the training mission have there been game breaking bugs however me and my friend have not found any apart from a few anoying problems we helped cause.-The game is short I wish it was longer or that you could make levels and put them on the workshop but hey thats just me.Cons-Singleplayer can be a bit hard because you have to hack and attack as the spy (however pressing f on things makes the AI do some of it for you so thats good.)When I have played this a bit more I will add more to this reveiw."
,Recommended,290530,35193783,Posted: 24 September,all,Rycluse,"Pretty rough around the edges, but the premise is novel and it makes good use of it. Definitely recommended for co-op enthusiasts, especially if you have voice chat and can yell in your partner's ear about hacking the mainframe and what not."
,Not Recommended,290530,23653696,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,OneStep,"Bad performance even on a gtx980ti + i7 6700k.Under average animation quality that results in a lot of laughter especially when playing with friends.Terrible mouse input,Average story.Good gameplay - mixture of Stealth, Action and Puzzeling elements.I don't care about graphics but they are♥♥♥♥♥♥anyway.Coop works fine no need for third party programs - recommended by the way.AI isn't that bad.Very, very... short campaign (about 5h, way shorter if you rush it and are actually good) and no replay value apart if you want to change roles up for a second playthrough.All in all a average game, but from a technical standpoint it's a mess."
76561197971692688,Recommended,290530,19858050,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,[57th] Stilgar,"Excellent Game playGraphics are datedVoice Acting is sub parAsymmetrical is enough to sell me.Assuming you already know the basic premise what makes this game a standout is the teamwork it engenders. The ingame chat is inadequate to the task; use TS or some similar program for chat as you must be able to speak back and forth. At times very quickly.""No, turn around! Now stay still""Whew...the guard ""missed"" me.Both sides of the game have challenges to keep both hearts pumping. There are places within a mish where you can sit for a minute to regain your breath, but don't sit and dawdle.If you enjoy a well paced game that will keep you multitasking or if you love the movie Sneakers and want to be Whistler or Mother or even Bishop, this is the game.On sale? Grab it!"
76561197996747587,Recommended,290530,13932886,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Krax,"One of the most interesting co-op games I've ever played! Still Early Access, so expect incomplete features and bugs, but the game is already fun to play and shows great potential!"
76561198036159405,Recommended,290530,32503083,Posted: 17 June,all,last.graham,Thumbs up for unique multiplayer.
,Recommended,290530,20840667,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Monolisk,"This game is a very fun 2 person Co-op which seems to be hard to find these days, and since the 2 roles are so drastically different it really well rounds out the game making it critical that both players are pulling their weight.All around i've really enjoyed this game thus far, there are adjustable difficulties for each role and the enemies to tone the game to your individual skill level which is great for making the game work especially if one player is experienced and the other isn't."
,Recommended,290530,28781203,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,King of Shadows,Honestly the best stand alone / co-op stealth game I've ever played. Nothing fancy just learning how to move around and counter security measures while using the environment to your advantage.Cant go wrong if your a fan of the stealth genre.
,Recommended,290530,23602304,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,NathanX42,"Don't let the pricetag fool you, this game's really good. My friend and I bought/played it and I'm safe to say that even with the bugs we had a grand time.if you want someone to play with just add me, I don't mind."
,Recommended,290530,23143521,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Azord,"If you're thinking about buying this game, there's a few things you should knowFirst, I personally think its a great game to play with friends. It allows you t laugh at the frustrating bits, and moan together when your STUPID HACKER FRIEND doesn't get the camera in the next room.Second, the things you do have meeting. I accidently killed two people in the first mission, and the characters are still sometimes harping about it three missions later. You'll find mentions of your exploits in later levels from newspapers and the like, if you look. It will even affect later levels.My final verdict is that this is definitely a game that is worth the amount you pay for. HOWEVER, it has its flaws. The control scheme for the spy is a little awkward. The way guns aim pushes you away from runing and gunning as an option. There are no neat high tech gadgets or gimics in this game. You have a mediocre pistol, a few diatractions, and a vareity of grenades. You hack networks by plugging modems into them. I like to think that all these glitches and bad mechanics is because they  are trying to emulate a game from the 90s.  The hacker will not have anything to do between missions, as you can't interact with the side missions like the spy."
76561198151846618,Recommended,290530,28291094,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,griblenoid,"I played a plythrough of the story together with a friend, it was an overall very positive 10-hour experience played over 4 sessions. Although there were some noticeable bugs and most cinematic animations were of... subpar quality. especially faces hit the uncanny valley like a truck falling into a canyon. it seems from my perspective that the dev team probably ran out of time or money or both, and as a result had to prioritize what parts to get finished.the mechanics of the game are all conceptually good, and the game provides a coop experience that i can only explain as ""keep talking and nobody explodes"" together with the classic mechanics from stealth games.I hope the devs will be able to make another game with the same good concepts but simply polish the game to more of a mirror finish, so to speak."
,Recommended,290530,27903337,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hisison,"best ♥♥♥♥ing coop game ive played in the longest ♥♥♥♥ing time, get a good friend and you will have an amazing timealso i need the steam badge"
,Recommended,290530,30440261,Posted: 10 March,all,Miss Akira the Spookybutt,"I've been playing this game with my girlfriend a couple of times and I gotta say; this game can be summarized as ""Trust Excercises for Spies"".Having to coordinate with each other on how things work, how to make sure you have every position covered, and being able to work together, this is definitely a game you need a friend to work with on.Ideally, I mean, this is the sorta ""asymmetrical co-op"" that I like to see games trying lately. It's kinda like a car ride, you have one person driving (I.E. the hacker), and the passenger (the agent). The driver has to navigate and see everything going on, while the passenger has to handle the gun and be able to keep things going.Working together is a big part of Clandestine's gameplay, and I think it's best played if you have a friend to work with on."
,Recommended,290530,26642391,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,SundownKid,"Pretty good, pretty fun game. Obviously very low production value, but still an impressive amount of content for the price.In Co op mode, one character plays the Spy, which is extremely similar to Metal Gear Solid in gameplay, though lacking some features like being able to hide bodies, and being a little janky. The twist is that there are a lot of security obstacles that can only be stopped by the Hacker, who plays with a top down view and can hack in a minigame. It's basically like Mission Impossible in game form.Later in the game social aspects come into play where the hacker needs to find information to help the spy talk to people.The netcode can be iffy at times. The game crashed a couple of times during a few hours and had to be restarted.The graphics are decent but animations are a particular problem as they can be very basic, jerky and robotic.Would recommend, just don't set your expectations too high."
,Recommended,290530,34006022,Posted: 3 August,all,Silver,"Very good game, more so than anything of this budget should be. The production values are horrible, and I couldn't care less about the story. But the gameplay is fantastic. Doesn't work as well alone but as a coop experience it's one of the most unique experiences I've had in a multiplayer game."
,Recommended,290530,33918247,Posted: 30 July,all,overkills royce,"It had a couple issues, like some of the mechanics being a tad clunky and the plot being hard to parse, but overall I had a fun time playing it and I think it's worth a chance. It's an interesting co-op game that's best played with a...drift-compatible friend."
,Recommended,290530,25861840,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,hitt.william,"I am a huge fan of Clandestine. To the devs: next time you want to make an innovative co-op game like this and need some resources, let me know. I'll kickstart/indiegogo it! I enjoy the title so much I've played it twice, once on either side. The beauty of the game is the asymmetric co-op. One of you is an agent in the field, the Ethan Hunt (Mission Impossible) if you will. The other is the Benji Dunn (or the Simon Pegg) character, directing your movements. The agent is given a choice from multiple guns, ammo, and gadgets. The man on overwatch can direct the agent to the best route to the objective, tag enemies, hack computers, locate passcodes, and even kill enemies with malfunctioning electrical boxes and steam pipes. The only drawbacks are 1) the gameplay as the agent isn't particularly smooth, 2) there isn't much of a consequence for failure as the overwatch guy, and 3) there is a lot of juicy intel, but it's difficult to really devise a plan to consume it. For instance, the agent needs the overwatch player to aid him relatively consistently; however, the overwatch player also has access to a large number of e-mails. Also, whenever the players visit the headquarters, there are many objectives for the agent but none for the overwatch guy. However, none of those drawbacks kept me from loving the game. I just wanted the throw that out there in case the devs take another stab at a game like this."
,Recommended,290530,20845996,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Hidden Inside,"On the outside this game looks like an unoptimised mediocre game with glitches, enemies who look like each other, unpolished piece of software one could easily pass on the market. And in solo game it absolutely is just that a 6/10 mediocre game about spy stuff (which i might add are rare and few, almost no one really makes games about spyies these days).However, the game really shows what it was made for in a 2 man co op this is when the game from a blank canvas with a few brushstrokes over becomes a masterpiece to remember and to set example for generations to come. Its sort of like that old spy trick with invisible inc or concealing something in the plain view - game is so much more then it is when there are 2 people playing it at the same time. The camera monitoring, escaping people on the ground and admins in cyberspace you are both are gonna be always under pressure with just brief moments of respite in between them.AI is not very good, and difficulty mostly just amps how fast they spot you, with no reaction to opening doors, blood on walls or dropped shell casings.Maps are few but done with a lot of effort (except tutorial which is absolute garbage). Speaking of tutorial, in game there is a 'footprint' mechanic which tracks down how much evidence you leave behind. Not only does it not explain in detail what counts towards it, whats the error margin, OR you cant check how much you accumulated during mission, i wasted 2.6 hours crawling around for my 'perfect' completion of a single level only to find out that somehow i tripped the security network via hacker interface which i didnt even touch for 99.9% time of that mission. Proposterous.Futhermore the footprint is supposed to give away how much your activity leaves things visible for all those who want to see on the macro level (the CIA , FSB, MI6 etc) even if we take in my total ♥♥♥♥ up count in an entire playthrough, which were: 1 broken lock, 1 tripped cyber alarm without me tripping it  (THATS IT) the game goes out and says: ""Oh you know, you did great and all but we still found you : ) enjoy the base getting wrecked!"" Which leads me to think that even if i did it with 0 footprint they would have still found me. Picture this: no visual of me ever caught, not a single gunshot, no one saw me, no camera footage, no KO'ed or killed people.... they still somehow by some miracle know you are there and coming.Yes it matters for gameplay a bit, since if you are quiet there will be less security the less aware enemies are of your existance, but those few extra guards wont ammount to anything really, it is the macro scale that is supposed to matter.Next up: inventory ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Before you start mission you need to pick your inventory AFTER that is a briefing. During one of those i hear 'you'll need a gun' i didnt take firearms with me, and im not allowed to drop by the armory to pick one up. Which ultimately worked out great ( NPC just believed that i have a weapon which i didnt scene was hilarious). However for the last mission where i specifically didnt pick a weapon main character WHIPS IT OUT no problem out of thin air like a magician for the cutscene. I wish i could get pagers that way.All in all game is good, there are very few people who own or even heard about the game making the co op part hard, but its really worth it. For the bold effort and innovative gameplay i give this game a total score of 8/10. It lacks polish, its not very good but it did things AAA projects wont in half a decade. And i know some things could have really made it easier like say pinging on the map to mark things, but this is 1996 there was no such technology back then, hell the bloody entire hacking thing is under a big questionmark as to could you really do all that crazy stuff back then from such distance?Final Score: 8/10                   (Co-op: 10/10  Solo: 6/10)"
,Recommended,290530,28652460,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,skelet0n,fun game if you have friends
76561198075841236,Recommended,290530,18922036,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Shrooms,Not the most amazing game in the world anyone who expects to be James Bond and ninja kick everyone this isnt your game but for 20 bucks im having a good time and what else is a video game for? my life hasnt changed but im enjoying myself...if this gets jacked to 70 bucks totally not worth it but for 20 dollars it just doesnt deserve a negative rating...if your a teenager and that 20 dollars is your bag of weed or this go for the weed lmao but if you got 20 to spare its worth it
,Not Recommended,290530,28805200,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Awpteamoose,"The idea is actually interesting, but the game is extremely buggy and unpolished. Movement feels clunky, AI is awful, animations are plain bad and the plot is boring."
,Not Recommended,290530,27880840,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,WeirdPumpkin,"This is a fundamentally flawed game, a great example of having an interesting concept executed very poorly.The root problem is that the player who's in the role of hacker has really no good way to influence the world to help the spy. Every once and awhile there may be devices available, but since the spy can only carry up to 3 pagers (and that's the only way the spy can really help the hacker influence things) there's not many ways to work as a team to accomplish your objectives."
,Recommended,290530,18087227,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,HHTG_Marvin,"Unique gameplay, good graphics, good initial idea, not a bad game at all."
,Recommended,290530,29429312,Posted: 22 January,all,swedex,"As a co-op game this is awesome, you really depens om comms between the players.However its kinda unpolished though, still one of my fav games of 2016."
,Recommended,290530,18133425,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Skywarp,"It's like Sydney Bristow simulator. I only wish it had more replay value. Anyway, I recommend this due to lack of good video games about espionage.Haven't tried co-op, but I am sure it is even more fun."
76561198017259921,Recommended,290530,19037478,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,TastefulGoth,i love it!
76561198125912618,Recommended,290530,32897556,Posted: 27 June,all,Cubattack,"Gameplay can feel a little clunky at times but this game is great in many ways, the singleplayer gameplay can be hard at times but this game is great when played co-op and you can play a pacifist game by knocking out your opponents or simply go on a killing spree to get rid of the guards, I quite enjoy the pacifist path more honestly. All in all good game but not many co-op players are here anymore which is a shame."
76561197970485672,Recommended,290530,19860852,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,cscase,"I really enjoyed this one. It's not without problems, but the concept and co-op dynamics made it a really fun and enjoyable experience. If you read about the premise of the game - asymmetrical co-op with one person as infiltrator and one as hacker support - and that sounds really intriguing to you, go for it. They pulled it off well enough for it to be a lot of fun for us. Could it have been better executed? Sure. But overall I found it really fun and satisfying.The story from mission to mission seemed incoherent at times, as if they just took a string of random maps and tried to write a story around them (which may well be what happened, I dunno). The graphics aren't really up to speed with recent games, but personally I found the fun design and gameplay made it easy to overlook those things. Here and there I saw a few clipping issues or weird glitchy things, but not often, and not game-breaking. I can't say I'd recommend this game for solo play, but if you have a partner who'll get on vent and play with you, and the concept sounds up your alley, my advice is to give it a go."
,Recommended,290530,20016189,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Neil deGrasse Dyson,Me: Alright I'm gonna plug you into here and while you hack I'm gonna murder everybody in the warehouseFriend: Yeah you're pretty good at thatMe: It's my specialtyMe: Dies and fails mission 9 times10/10 would attempt to murder everyone in the warehouse but die several times again
,Recommended,290530,21612814,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Undead Dead Guy,"Game has a major bug when playing coop on the ""Mansion Party"" When the cutscene occurs the game ♥♥♥♥♥ itself and crashes. Other than that, a really fun game that is great with a buddy."
,Recommended,290530,20555937,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,「Echo」,"I don't have very much experience with the game so far, so this is primarily based on my initial first impressions. I haven't played the single player campaign yet, I've been playing the multiplayer mode with a friend of mine when we have overlapping freetime.So far the game is really fun. We both enjoy slow, methodical games that have room for a lot of planning, tactics, and cooperation. This game fulfills each of those points wonderfully. The difficulty of the game definitely ramps up quickly, but it's very rewarding when you succeed.The game isn't for everyone, but if you're interested, with steam's generous refund policy, there's no reason not to give it a shot! :3"
,Recommended,290530,23129228,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,thegamesthief,"Can't drink water in break room, 0/10.CAN shout at my hacker in real time 10/10."
,Recommended,290530,28290839,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Jack-Off Trades,A coop stealth game with very interesting and unique coop mechanics.Definitely recomend to try this with a friend if you can handle the jank and occasional bugs.
,Recommended,290530,35004634,Posted: 16 September,all,Zenzar,"it's fun but it's also very crudely put together, and unpolished i would not buy it at full price."
76561198161921317,Recommended,290530,29071582,Posted: 6 January,all,Tigercup9,"Gameplay is fun for both roles, (though the hacking is a bit simple) and that's really the most important part. Lip sync is god awful, and the game is definitely not very realistic(There's one takedown where you pistol whip a guy who falls down, and when he starts to get back up, he just stays totally silent as you pistol whip him again). Encourages ignoring guards rather than eliminating them, if you care about score. Not really ""an original take on the stealth genre"" but definitely different. Reccomended, especially if you can badger a friend into buying it as well."
76561197993298789,Recommended,290530,29129162,Posted: 8 January,all,Xeikai77,"So, after having beat the game and playing with a friend over voice i will say that if you have a friend to play with this is defenitely worth the money.  However the game lacks polish and can be frusterating from the spy side at times along with preformance issuesPositives-Amazing Co-op gameplay-Story is not too bad-Good choice of weapons and gadgets to take into the field-someone with lesser computer can play the hacker and function fine in the game-Again the co-op is what makes this game shineNegatives-Preformance problems spy side.-Picking up items can be a pain-the cover system could use some work-enemy AI is kinda dumb-cumbersome if playing soloThe game lacks alot of polish but when it works the game delivers some of the best co-op experience i've ever had in a game, working closely together to accomplish the mission delivers some satisfactory gameplay when it works.  It was about 12 hours of gameplay over about 3 sittings for me and my friend, not to mention the replay ability of just switching roles.Check it out, 20 bucks isnt that bad, but only if you have a friend you are going to play with.  It's best enjoyed with voice communication."
76561198020506980,Recommended,290530,26488049,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Oybluz,Very cool concept. Fun for co-op or solo (you can switch between both characters).
76561197986063305,Not Recommended,290530,32729078,Posted: 24 June,all,ロースキルド™ (Low),"First off: I bought this game during summer sale and paid 4,99€. If the game had this price point per default, I would recommend it. The concept of the game has great potential and it could have been a great game with a bit more polish.  However its default price is 19,99€ and that's way too much for such an unpolished game. The animations are hilariously broken to just name the most obvious problem. But even besides that there are plenty of other issues that are way too easy to fix in my opinion. At least in engines like Unity or Unreal."
76561198074778736,Recommended,290530,20601580,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Aiva,My hair disappeared halfway through the game.Kept playing.10/10http://prntscr.com/9rk8da
,Recommended,290530,35092851,Posted: 20 September,all,Captain Thor,Brilliant fun with a friend.  Haven't finished our first run yet but its a matter of when not if.
,Recommended,290530,33024427,Posted: 29 June,all,Scrufty,"Good game, my friend couldn't beat the tutorial..."
,Recommended,290530,29141591,Posted: 9 January,all,Schwinne,It's alright. Its a lot of fun to have a friend on the cameras and watch the horrible voice acting and cutscenes together. The gameplay is surpisingly fun.
76561198005655387,Recommended,290530,29265765,Posted: 14 January,all,Fleeting Relevance,Awesome asymmetrical co-op. Great game to play with a buddy if you're finding yourself in the midst of a co-op drought.
,Not Recommended,290530,13193456,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,[Olin] QuantumMechanic,"Super-cool concept, but very little content at this point. Hold off on buying until you see more...Asymmetric co-op concept is stellar, but not close to fully-implemented yet (as is to be expected with Early Access). If you're super-excited about the idea and are willing to pay for a tech-demo, then buy now. If not, wait until a later release."
76561198004588005,Not Recommended,290530,31264152,Posted: 20 April,all,Ikari,"While the game has good concepts over team-work gameplay, it's poorly executed with a basics flaws. Unable to exit the game using the escape key for example. Game feels dated yet has trouble running on modern computers. While the comtempory art direction is good, it's a shame that I can't run the game well to see it all. I've got decent specs on my computer to power graphics like those found in Clandestine but I could barely run it smoothy. I'm struggling to find and get my money worth from this purchase."
,Not Recommended,290530,19177750,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Spooky Pleb,"Poor performance and a few bugs like falling thru the game world etc..Also the ""spotting"" mechanic is locked to the reticle and not the character itself, so even when in cover and you aim, you'll get spotted.Overall mechanics are kinda janky for my liking."
76561198108761001,Recommended,290530,14493528,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,ymiaconehead,Really cool!
,Recommended,290530,26418574,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,sigmundur suaveíð,It can be fun but you there are some things that break the immersion that wont be fixed yet.if you want a few hours of fun i say go for it but the story is a bit laking.
76561198157856469,Recommended,290530,29313393,Posted: 17 January,all,club24,is good
,Recommended,290530,25945440,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Psyfe,Quite short but pretty fun game to play with a friend. Playing this game alone is probably really boring so not recommended.
76561197992036129,Not Recommended,290530,18902479,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,TheUnseenJinx2,"Buggy piece of crap. Tried to play co-op with a friend several times. Sometimes in would glitch and get stuck in the tutorial and others it wouldn't let me bring up the pause menu to restart, quit, main menu and etc... When I went to load the checkpoint I got stuck in the loading screen while my co-op partner was loaded, even though the loading screen said waiting for the other player."
76561198073252697,Recommended,290530,24093542,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,BabyFace,♥♥♥♥ING NERD running/ Angsty grunge russian sim. Janky as ♥♥♥♥ in a charming way but only buy if its half off. Would defs call my agent an uncooperative ♥♥♥♥ again
,Recommended,290530,28259170,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,ReBoot,"Wow. Just bloody wow! I am deeply impressed with the game! I am serious, it's a tiny masterpiece.Now, mind you, the graphics look dated at best, the level design isn't particularly exciting and core gameplay may not come close to Deus Ex, Thief or Styx, but it's a coop game. A coop stealth game. A game where you enter the hostile environment while your friend tells you guards' locations, controls cameras, hacks doors and do that kind of stuff that, in a horrible stealth game, the script does for you. Here, coordination is an actual challenge, the hacker needs swift KBM skills, the field agent needs the stuff you normally need in a stealth game AND the ability to coordinate with your human operator.Headset is almost required, buy the game with a friend (that's what I did) and prepare for a truly unique coop experience."
,Recommended,290530,22772079,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,FireFan44,"I thought ""easy"" meant ""easy""."
,Not Recommended,290530,21246577,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,fallenone121,"Was unable to play it.First attempt to play it I couldnt scroll to zoom out - so I bought a new mouse. Yeah, not a problem of the game.New mouse in and I could get to the camera control part of the tutorial and no guard loaded for me to tag them.Tried starting it over from start and the screen went black with the mouse pointer in place on the screen and nadda.After 3 more fresh restarts - while on live broadcast with gamers online - I found myself more than a little disappointed by the repetition of the errors.It put a sour taste in my mouth that it took 80 minutes and 6 restarts just to get past the problems with the tutorial and the fact of guards deciding to not even be where they were supposed to be for the camera control part of the tutorial."
,Not Recommended,290530,21511796,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Fern,I tried this game co-op.I couldn't stop cracking jokes about how bad the acting is and the writing.the gameplay is ok but... man i dunno that voice acting.
,Not Recommended,290530,34570441,Posted: 28 August,all,Catbergastedgut,The hacker gameplay is the most boring thing I've ever experienced in a video game.
,Recommended,290530,23771661,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Narquois ☝,Yes.
,Not Recommended,290530,32895114,Posted: 27 June,all,Catholicism: Revengeance,Almsot as bad as Splinter Cell: Blacklist.
76561198341806101,Not Recommended,290530,26638458,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,SnipesUdown01,They shafted us.....
,Not Recommended,290530,32075157,Posted: 30 May,all,Evolten,game sux
76561198231643248,Not Recommended,290530,25418490,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Perry,"A fabulous game for the serious Stealth-Gamer looking to Co-Op with like minded gamers.Not for me, and my sis.What made me interested was the fantastic and unique gameplay of a seperate 'hacker' and 'Groundtrooper', working together in brutal REAL TIME.That sounded unlike anything I've ever heard of, and my sis and I were all for it.  We bought the game, after researching if there was a blood off option. There was.  Overjoyed, we bought it.Minutes into the game, it became apparent that to Co-Op, one needs another computer, and two copies. Okay. that's a bummmer, I'll play the tutorial and see if we're good to buy a second copy.Then came the Swearing, Cursing, and general vulgarity.I suppose I should have seen it coming.What put this all over the top was, the Blood on/off switch did not work. Leathal takedowns still sprayed globs of blood from victim's throats, gunshots still released the red spray of doom. (and while I have nothing against it, I'm playing a game for entertainment, not for more of real life. I assume that's why the majority of us play too, right?)TL;DR:  Sound Game Mechanics, Totally awesome solid game, but should have a M rating for Strong Language, Bloodshed, and who knows what else. (I only played up to the end of the tuitorial.)Sorry, but I have to give a thumbs down. I [personally] would not reccomend it."
,Recommended,290530,19023981,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Tyme Blade,Its Alpha Protocol only better(AP + Hacking  Deus Ex: Human Revolution style)
76561197971562578,Recommended,290530,21165018,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,HazMatt,"A little buggy in the controls, but the co-op is unmatched in its complexity and fluidity.  It's a small indy game so there's no AAA type stuff here, but its well worth every penny if you have a friend you like gaming with."
,Recommended,290530,21352030,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,GAMEinkYT,I love the Game. It is one of VERY few that make me think and plan my steps before i Execute them. I will definitly be Recording this game on my channel.
,Recommended,290530,21936247,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Cookies,"Great fun for 2 players, esp. via voice comm like TS. 5 different aspects of difficulty can be tuned individually. The tutorial gets both the spy and the hacker up to speed simultaneously. Easily lived up to my expectations."
,Recommended,290530,20203333,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Krowaii,"This game is quite good, it is the stealth game that I have been looking for, it has a nice gimmic to it and it stays fun (at least from what I played) but it got annoying when my friend kept messing me up :(. I would reccomend it to someone who has an interest in a difficult (to 100%) stealth game and a friend with the same interest."
,Recommended,290530,20636121,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Cypher,"Worth the money, but has flaws in COOP, like the spy (host) player gets to choose my gadgets n stuff."
,Not Recommended,290530,13192236,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,crippknottick,"This game should still be in Early Access. The Early Access price btw was $29.99, upon ""full release"" the price dropped to $24.99. The game is buggy as hell and the animations are laughably bad for a game of the $30 price range.Maybe next time I buy from this developer I can wear some lipstick. Cuz I like to look pretty when I am getting screwed."
,Recommended,290530,27075891,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CorinTalisman,"A fun game with some indie problems. If you can get past the dated graphics, horrible lip sync, and glitchy cutscenes, you're rewarded with pretty fun game. The way that the co-op works is quite ingenious as well. I recommend finding a friend that will play it with you, but it will also let you join strangers. Get it for the gameplay."
76561198104013517,Recommended,290530,26689099,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,JapeDragoon,Original idea. A bit flawed but amazing if you get coop partner.
,Not Recommended,290530,26703950,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Jammin Hyaku,"I dont think ive wanted a game to be good so much in along time. I LOVE the concept, co op infiltration stealth based /hacker team based game! would be so much fun to play with my friend, unfortunatly, the game is just so broken its basically unplayable. Couldnt get past the second level even on the easiest mode, the game lags even though my pc meets the reccommended requirements, also when playing as the stealth character the movement only lets you move in 8 directions = it feels really blocky and makes moving around difficult. You can only hug SOME walls, and you can only vault over SOME objects, It also doesnt tell you how much ammo you have, give you a map, or anything. The mouse sensitivity is also very low with no option to turn it up. overall, awesome concept, very poor execution. Really hope the devs update it and fix all this someday.4/10"
76561198019487275,Recommended,290530,26782234,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[IA] DanteMasilio,Most fun coop for a long time
,Recommended,290530,26866598,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DSH90,"Ever wanted to play as a Decker from Shadowrun, while your friend is playing Deus ex on a stealth run? This is the game."
,Recommended,290530,26760069,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yu dang,"Me: *Throws down a pager*Hacker Friend: *Buzzes pager for guard*Me: *Knocks out g-*Hacker Friend: *Buzzes pager x20*Me: *GETS SHOT*Martin 10/10 Best hacker you'll ever work with.As Katya says, ""Hecan be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥sometimesdoes a good job.""Also wouldn't recommend at 20$ though, get it on sale. Don't get me wrong, there's a lot more to be expected from charging 20$, but hey it's not an AAA-studio, this is the best kind of immersion you can get out of a hardcore stealth game built from solid mechanics and good execution of gameplay.Best played with a friend... No, youabsolutely need a friend to play this with."
,Recommended,290530,26822343,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Keep drilling you piece of shit!,Much stealthVery buggySo co-op
76561198048754965,Recommended,290530,26882599,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CleoCallisto,"I bought this game on a whim since it piqued my interest and I'm always on the lookout for co-op games to play with my best friend. I was not disappointed! Yes, this game has it flaws and could definitly use some polishing, but overall I really enjoyed it. It has such an innovative co-op mode that is severely lacking in the gaming industry today. It actually requires good teamwork. I played as the hacker and guided my friend, who played the field agent, as safely as possible to the target in question. Even though the hacker role might feel a bit ""passive"" to some, since basically all you do is watch different computer screens, blueprints and live feed from various cameras, I, personally, never got bored. I had a full time job disabling security messures, keeping an eye on the surroundings, setting up traps and so on.So, if you're looking for a good co-op game that adds something new the the genre, I highly recommend this one. It also has great replay value since you can switch the roles and play the game from a competely different angle."
,Recommended,290530,26879808,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Roxer,"This game. This is one of those hidden gems we crave for. The one amongst dozens of others who show promise but fall through, except this one prevails. First of all, the story is certain to claw you in. The game definetly rewards you for being meticulous, search everywhere and you are bound to find something helpful or just interesting. The mechanics are certainly some to talk about, the way that the game is made around Co-Op but works just the same in Single is extremely well though through. Although you kinda have to play both roles when in Single, the co-op doesn't make it ""Easier"", it just changes the play style to require a lot more communication between the players, which I think it's amazing and they didn't cut off the single player people from any of the experience. Also, the game gives you alot of precise feedback on how you did on your past missions, which I find to be lacking in even AAA games nowadays, where the feedback (even when there is any) is pretty much black or white.But Ok, it's not perfect, some things will probably bother people. First off, the clunky controls. Takes time to get used to them and even then they are still kind of hard to deal with. While playing I did indeed meet my fair share of bugs, but nothing game breaking really. Just annoying for the most part. And also the music could have been better. But that is pretty much it. I certainly believe that most of these things will be getting fixed in the near future anyways.In summary, if you like spy movies and stealth, get this, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,290530,28735792,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Spooky Meawk tc,"The co-op is a bit iffy but with friends, or alone this game is genuinley very fun. Yeaaah, theres a lot of broken things but all I care is I had fun. Nice game to mess around with."
76561197960348407,Recommended,290530,28687860,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Wolf,Best Co-op Game in the last years
76561198001914758,Recommended,290530,29066440,Posted: 6 January,all,Wilgabeast,"Play with a friend is a MUST, voice chat is preferrable, but there is in game text chat.Gameplay is well designed to only give half of the info to each player.Communication is required and awesome :)traversal, shooting. and other action mechanics are clunky, but it's overshadowed by the well thought out design of the co-op experience.10/10"
76561198024327278,Recommended,290530,33280977,Posted: 5 July,all,Citizen Alpha,Its a good game for what it is.  Basically its an older version of Hitman meets Hacknet.  I've played through the campaign as the hacker and have played a handful as the spy.  The story isn't very well delievered but I found the gameplay pretty fantastic overall.  I don't think I'd pay full price for this game but I got my money's worth when it was on sale.
,Recommended,290530,26708506,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,JC Denton,"If you like Stealth Games, Hacking and Co-op, this game is BEYOND awesome.HOW TO BE A HACKER1 - put sunglasses and overcoat;2 - go to a cybercafé;3 - open this website in your laptop and press F11;http://hackertyper.net/4 - Start furiously typing anything while looking suspiciously sideways;5 - MESS WITH THE BEST, DIE WITH THE REST!"
,Recommended,290530,33663605,Posted: 19 July,all,Hexie Lambent - ♤,"Just about 3 and a half hours in, and this game is so cool.  While not flawless by any regard, it's unlike much of anything else out there, and the ambition shows far stronger than the shaky parts.  Interesting writing, a tense atmosphere, and the two styles of play meld so well together.I would definitely -not- recommend this as a solo experience, especially when you're new to the game.  The two styles of play are so drastically different, and learning just one side of it took a lot of effort in its own right.  I've been playing as the hacker with a good friend of mine, and keeping things running smoothly is for sure a challenge on both of our parts, but it feels so fun and rewarding especially when you concoct your own alternate paths and objectives.I've seen some comments about bugs and glitches, but we've only experienced one major one and that was the game locking when we first failed just after our tutorial.  The graphics leave a bit to be desired, but they're serviceable.  I think the odd-sounding voice acting is actually intentional and that is so cool to me, as many of the characters (and actors, I think) aren't native English speakers, and that's reflected in their intonation and dialogue, purposely showcased when they do speak their native language.  No complaints from either of us with the controls.The price point is almost steep as it's effectively a $40 game, but so far I think it is fair in the end.  I was lucky enough to acquire it on a sale, no regrets."
,Recommended,290530,34944357,Posted: 14 September,all,BabyGotBack!,This little intresting buggy as hell POS game and i loved every second of it Don't try and play it solo it would be no good and you won't get the full experience playing as the spy it's your typical Spook stuff quiet pew pewer a thing that distracts the guards etc but playing as the hacker it one hell of a chore you will be a super baby sitter for the spy and unlock doors and disable lazers cams and mark all the guards all while avoiding the server admin from distecting you all and all it was a really fun game and i highly recommend co-op play with this one me and my buddy sat down and ball busted this game give this gem a try you won't be disappointed if you can handle the horrible modeling.
76561197981703651,Recommended,290530,35478737,Posted: 4 October,all,LeFrench,"Great game.While the narrative is clunky and not at all polished like some tripple A titles (ie. professional voice actors, professional writing, etc), the  co-op gameplay is terrific. The asymetrical nature of the co-op play is unique, challenging and rewarding. Well worth playing with a partner/friend. Not sure if solo play will be rewarding, but it's probably all right.Regardless, buy it at any discount price, and dare i say, it's also worth the full price.They need to use this game as a proof of concept for a more polished narrative in the future. Then they can charge ridiculous tripple A title prices. They might be able to make this a 3 or 4 player co-op by adding one or two more agents on the ground, perhaps giving them unique roles, able to synergise off each other like in the movies. Thinking of  more subtle social infiltration missions."
