user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,290770,17681555,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Tom,"The Fall is a side scrolling, almost point and click style adventure game.  It was released in early 2014 on the PC, and then later released on the consoles in July 2015.Plot wise, The Fall is focused on A.R.I.D, which stands for Autonomous Robotic Interface Device (a good mouthful right?), you navigate through a destroyed industrial factory looking for a medical aid for the human inside of the suite you are in control of.The gameplay is similar to that of Metroidvania style games, you aim with the right analog stick and shoot. You are equipped with a torch and a gun (eventually), you can switch between your laser sight on the gun, and your flashlight. This game is extremly dark, so you will need to use your light ALOT. Thankfully you don't have to running out of batteries like most games seem to force on you nowdays, your flashlight will never run out of juice.Parts of this game feel like you are playing a point and click adventure, you have to locate certain objects in the game world by highlighting them with your flashlight before you can interact with them. You can combine objects to make new ones to aid you with puzzles, all of these are common found mechanics found in adventure games. There is some very basic shooting action to be found - when I say basic, it is very basic; don't expect to go into crazy gun battles with the androids, you have one weapon throughout the whole game, it has unlimited ammo, and all of the enemies die in the same amount of shots, apart from the end boss.Graphically, The Fall is not exactly top of the range graphics; the atmoshere is so dark that they actually get away with having amazing graphics, the game puts alot of effort into the lighting to create the decaying atmosphere that you are set in. If anything, I think it may of been a little too dark, as sometimes it made it a real challenge to be able to see what you are looking for, especially since the flashlights arc is so small anyway.Much like other metroidvania type games, all of the levels are non-linear, allowing you to explorer to your hearts content, there are a few locked doors which you have to work around, but the majority of the time you can go where ever you want; at first, the vast amount of rooms and corridors you find yourself in is very overwhelming, but you will soon be able to work your way around with ease, even without any sort of map/mini map.A fullplay through of The Fall took me just under four hours. It starts out quite slowly but soon picks up pace once you are thrown into completing certain tasks in order to get merit points. I managed to get through the game with minimum deaths, maybe 5 or so through the whole game, so it is by no means a difficult game to finish.I am going to simply just recommend The Fall, it's by no means a bad game, but it also doesn't blow me out of the water. I did enjoy playing it, and there is some really interesting moments in the game; there is a sequel in development, and I am eager to find out where they intend on taking the plot as it stands now. If you go into The Fall with the expectations of it being a point and click adventure game, you will enjoy yourself; however don't go into it wanting a really action filled playthrough as it is not that at all.1) Stay away2) Only recommended when on sale3) Recommended4) Highly recommended5) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/http://store.steampowered.com/app/290770"
,Recommended,290770,13626490,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,mangopooding,"Pros:+ Great story and atmosphere+ If you like robots, you'll love this game+ Pretty diddly darn good voice acting+ Puzzles are clever--nothing too rage-inducing or too easyCons:- Controls are a bit...sticky? Clunky? I'm not sure how to explain it. Wish it would have been a bit smoother but you get used to after a while. Test both keyboard/mouse and controller and see which is more to your liking.- [EDITED] (Slight spoilers) This is part ONE of the game. Over the Moon has part two in production! Check out the official site and social media for more information :)"
76561198023019965,Not Recommended,290770,23526292,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Pablo,"This is an interesting concept of a game, fairly original in some of its gameplay style, and it kept me motivated for most of my playing time...sadly this didn't last too long. I mean, not the motivation but the game itself didn't last too long.And i don't mean it just talking about the amount of hours playing time, but the game itself is not finished. That's one of the big bad surprises that awaits you when playing it.When you buy a game called ""The Fall"" and that's it, no ""episode 1"" or ""first part"" or ""some day in the future of the universe we will finish this game"" you really don't have a clue that you are buying just the first part of an unfinished game.And that's not right.Sorry to the developer, because the game itself seems interesting enough, original, and most important , enjoyable for the most part. What's more, i was unaware of any hype and didn't expect a masterpiece, i just heard about it, look for it on steam, read the description, saw some pictures, and i was hooked.I even checked the updates news and forums and heard about a ""The Fall 2"" in development since a long time, that's fine i tought, the developer have done well and now is preparing a sequel, and it's taking a long time, thats fine...the thing is...is not a sequel...and this is not a full a game, its episode 1 !!!In this game you play a AI inside a combat suite that goes on after enigmatically falling on a planet (situation unknown) and the pilot inside the combat suite is unconscient or unresponsive and you play the AI moving the suit to save your pilot and reach a medical facility. It is interesting...you even have certain special abilites in your suite that are disabled by default, but you can activate them by overrading certain protocols and such. It is enjoyable, but what's intially a promising premise, soon deviates in just a series of test (Artificial tests) in wich you must prove yourself that you are a good house robot, you can do the cleaning, prepare the food, and then you have other tests in society in wich you help people and go to a party and blend in.... (all simulation of course) that's in order to proceed to the surface of this facility....and that's it. The problem is you reach this point after a short playing time and the game is over (in a cliffhanger) and the main narrative of this first part, the enemy , yes, its over. But you go outside, there's a thing that happens...and then it's over. After a short playing time, the main story it's clearly in suspense, and in case you were doubting you gain an achievement wich is awarded because ""you finished episode 1 !!""So, all the enjoyment you got after the 4 or 5 hours you played this good game are gone just like that. Even in the end, you don't get to activate all the abilites of your combat suit, just the first 3....You go to the forums and read some updates about the development of the second episode and you learn that it's in development since 2014...and it still is, the developer keeps us updated from time to time. That's fine , the problem is, 2 years is a very long time for just one episode... (i don't even know if this story is gonna be a two episode thing or even more episodes!).I don't recommend this game because you don't have a game here. You have an extended demo (a very extended demo, but still, just a couple of first levels, no more).The game itself is good, and enjoyable, the story is interesting. But all those merits are nothing if you just take the first levels and ship the game like that... that doesn't cut it, and it doesn't work. Even if the second episode comes up tomorrow, the first one already came up two years ago...that's too much time. And this first episode cost 10 dollars wich is too much.Adding to that, this game uses the unity engine...wich  one more time, gave me a lot of compatibility problems like ALL the previous unity games i've played. At this time my problem is my gamepad doesn't work, not even with and emulator. So i had to play the game with mouse and kb...in other titles like tesla i had heating problems, because that unity game only used ONE procesor out of my quad core.So, in brief, this game had me hooked up by it's premise, and it showed me some good things along the way, but it all was ruined by the decision to make and episodic game and not finish it before shipping, wich almost always ruins a game for me, and also all this was made worst by using the unity engine wich never turns out right."
,Recommended,290770,10304092,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Roku Necrosis,"Design is really, really good.  Story is well written.  Controls will take getting used to especially if using mouse / keyboard.  Voice acting is incredible."
,Not Recommended,290770,10292357,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,VDOgamez,"While I enjoyed the writing and the atmosphere for this game, the unfortunate fact is that the game is extremely short for the price. The game can easily be finished within three hours, and ends on a ""to be continued"". There was nothing shown here to indicate that it would be a short single episode of a longer game. While some games of that length might justify such a high price, I do not feel that this game is sufficient to warrant that due to numerous issues.Aside from the cost and lack of resolution to the plot, the first issue that arises are the controls. The controls were clearly only designed for and tested on a controller layout, because with a mouse it is very frustrating. To use an item you have to hold right click, move your mouse to make the flashlight shine at the object you want to use the item on, then hold shift and press right, down, and then a number of left or right presses to reach the chosen item on the menu bar. Additionally, the game makes no effort to capture the mouse, so unless you play in fullscreen mode and only have one monitor (I played fullscreen with two monitors), you will repeatedly lose focus of the window. The game does not pause when this occurs, and it happens most often when you are trying to aim your gun to shoot at an oncoming threat, so it is easy to be killed in this manner. There were other more subtle issues with the controls as well that it is not worth enumerating.The gameplay itself was also somewhat lacking. Combat in the game involves performing a different series of actions to hide, wait for the enemy to shoot, and peek out of cover to shoot back depending on where you're standing (hold E when not in cover and release to come out, press E and release the right mouse button if near a box, hold right mouse button to peek out, press space to jump over the box and no other way to detach yourself???). The act of shooting an enemy is just a matter of repeatedly clicking on their head until they die. The rest of the gameplay is basically point and click. Despite what many people speaking about the game were praising, the mechanic of engineering situations where your systems must be activated to survive only really occurs once, and it's just the one advertised in the gameplay video. The rest of the game plays fairly well, though often runs into the issues typical of this genre where the player knows exactly what they want to happen, but not the exact combination of items and use locations that will allow it to occur. I think half of my already extremely short gameplay time was just figuring out how to get a thing I wanted to happen to occur, and not actual gameplay. Finally solving a puzzle and realizing that the solution was exactly what you were trying to do for half an hour is not very satisfying. Also frustrating is that there were a few places in the game where you can get stuck in an unwinnable situation, such as a place somewhat early in the game where if you backtrack in the level (as you often will when confused) you can fall down an elevator shaft and be unable to escape. It's clear that a lot of love went into making this game, but what it needed more than anything is more testing, especially from people not on the development team to see how they try to interact with the world.The game certainly has good points, and the parts where I was not stuck on a puzzle or getting killed by control issues were genuinely enjoyable. The writing and scripting of events and actions is definitely the best part of the game, but that is not enough cause for me to recommend it at its current price point. Perhaps at a quarter of the cost it would be reasonable? I feel that if some of this information about the game had been made more clear on the store page it would not have been so frustrating as it was as a surprise."
,Recommended,290770,13442266,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,MrNinjaSquirrel,"The Fall has a lot to say for a game that doesn't want to tell you what it is.It wraps its narrative up in the pretense of AIs attempting to work within protocols to protect the humans they serve, but digging deeper it's not very hard to apply its underlying themes to areas outside the field of technology. Taken in a different light, The Fall is potentially a dialogue of the dangers presented with the necessity to work within societal rules and expectations; to be who you were created to be, and serve the ones who made you without question of their intention or if it is indeed ""right"".Matters of the value of one life over another, abusing a system you've been placed in for your own needs, and whether the end really can justify the means are presented in such a way as to never be the sole focus of the story and pull you away from the task at hand, but they're there, in the background. It's entirely possible to go through The Fall and enjoy it as solely what it appears to be: an engaging sci-fi plot of a crashed pilot only barely hanging onto life, requiring his suit's AI take control and attempt to find him help. But it's the subtlety of the narrative that really stood out to me and made me pay closer attention and try to pry away at the layers concealing what the game was trying to say to me.Ultimately it's almost always yet another question. For all of The Fall's heavy societal and possibly theological musings, it never quite arrives at the point of clarity. It made me think but at times I wondered if even it knew what the end result of all these ideas was, or if there was supposed to be one at all. And that's perfectly fine, but at the same time there's this feeling that it's possibly trying to cram too much into a short experience and perhaps becoming a little bogged down as a result.Of course this can all be waved away with the presumption that this is but the first part of three and everything The Fall wanted to say, or the things it didn't quite get to finish elaborating on will all become clear in those ensuing games. There are parts of The Fall that were a little profound to me as I directed my character through desolate environments, flashlight barely cutting through the impenetrable atmosphere as weird shapes seemed the move in the background as sounds echoed around. They're the moments that had me entranced with my monitor; the ones that made me glad to have took the time to solve the occasionally convoluted puzzle to arrive at the moment I was currently in. They're scattered about and can sometimes seem exasperatingly out of reach, but when you get there, they're always worth the investment.You can read more of my writing onKritiqal."
,Recommended,290770,32010793,Posted: 27 May,all,Nanobang,"WARNING: THE FALL IS AN EXCELLENT ADVENTURE GAME, BUT A TERRIBLE ACTION GAME.Almost everything about this game is excellently done:  Art, animation, atmosphere, acting are all top notch.  The story was actually very compelling, and was the main reason I played as long as I did.But the action tag is misleading, unless you count jogging slowly back and forth, up and down levels to be ""action,"" which I don't.  Combat is light, easy, andtame.First and foremost, this is an adventure game, and its ""puzzles"" have more to in common with old verb-noun text adventures than, say, Portal.  Although the game isn't actually a text adventure, I couldn't help but think things like ""get key,"" ""climb ladder,"" ""get frying pan,"" ""put frying pan,""  ad nauseum.  I know there are people that like this sort of thing, and I also know that I am not one of them.So in spite of my own disappointment withThe Fall, I'm still recommending it because it's an excellently done adventure game that unfortunately just happens to be of a type that I find tedious and uninteresting.   The loss is mine.  I wish I could appreciate what a gem I know it is.Hope this helps you."
,Recommended,290770,12332303,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Geomike,"Great concept, excellent writing, fantastic voice acting.  The problems lie with the gameplay: sticky and unresponsive controls, and the puzzles are all either too simple or too obscure.  Overall, however, I enjoyed the experience and its Asimovian concepts."
,Not Recommended,290770,23860167,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,oraculo85,"Anyone interested in this game should know what they're getting into; I have to say, first of all, that I really enjoyed this game.  Gameplay-wise,  it's an old-school adventure game, in the tradition of Lucasarts, which combines elements of two different genres: 2d shooter, you can fire your gun at robots and take cover to avoid getting shot at, and point-n-click, you can interact with various elements, pick up items and use them accordingly; an interesting aspect is that you gain new abilities by putting the main character in danger. I like the dark, hostile and mysterious atmosphere, reminiscent of Limbo, as well as the story, which balances dry, black humor as well as sci-fi horror.However, the real problem is that this game, despite its strengths, is not complete; this is only the first episode of what should be a complete season, ala Telltale Games, but, considering that the year of release is 2014, and that as of 2016 there haven't been any new episodes, I doubt we will ever see the end of this story. On top of that, the title nor the description in the home page indicate or even hint that this is only ONE episode, rather than a full game, so this is just false advertising; I bought this game expecting a full experience, not just a part of the story.  In addition that, the first episode lasts only about 4 hours, which is pretty short even by episodic games' standards.In conclusion, while the game itself is well-designed and engaging, it's incomplete and short, and therefore, unfulfilling. Hopefully, one day we'll play the other episodes, but right know, this is all there is, an appetizer for other courses that we might never know about, and, while tasty, it isn't nearly enough."
,Recommended,290770,15974815,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,[slckr]robilar5500,"This was an interesting point and click style adventure with some actual 2D gunplay mixed in. The story was kind of a sardonic Terminator/2001-ish tale. The puzzles were mostly fair challenges with one exception which was notably difficult with no real obvious solutions even with trial and error.The graphics looked nice and did a great job of helping to create a hopeless and yet, as mentioned before, wry and sardonic tongue in cheek sort of atmosphere.The gameplay itself was fairly seamless, and I found no real issues with hit detection and the like.All in all a very well crafted and fun game. The ending itself was a genuine laugh out loud moment for me. I will be curious to see how the follow up plays out and hope the developers are successful in getting it released.All told, a solid 7 out of 10."
,Recommended,290770,12716155,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,IndustrialSynthFreak,"Nice adventure, and it is definitely worth the money. Reminds me some good-old short (yes, it is short) stories by sci-fi-theme writers (like Asimov or Lem), talking about artificial intelligence trying to evaluate themselves in some situation. Those stories were ones of my favourite. They are often in a form of a tragedy, and so this game is - creepy and sad, combined with some great black humor moments and dark surreal sci-fi background.So I really appreciate the scenario, writings and acting, among the great decorations of abandoned location and nice ambient soundtrack. Please, support the authors, buy it and enjoy.Yes, there are some issues common for a such type of game (adventure) like not intuitive quests. Although the solutions actually make sense (not purely random), few times during the game process I found myself clicking every interactive object and every inventory item trying to combine each one with another."
,Not Recommended,290770,19916399,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Bazzatron,"I love this game, but I can't in good faith recommend it.I like a puzzler - but all of the puzzles in this game were a bit like a metroidvania: get the thing take it here - no goat puzzle (wiki it) or kick the precise pixel, everything here is pretty logical, and sometimes you feel like you have an in-engine choice.The story's narrative is amazing, I really enjoyed it - the pacing is wonderful.Why wouldn't I recommend it though? Simply put - it's half a game. I paid very little for this title as a steam sale item - and still it didn't really feel like enough game. I feel bad for the kickstarters.You're in, hooked - waiting to see what happens next - and then the game just ends; or rather, just stops.Usually with an episodic game A) it announces itself as episodic, and B)you have a smaller story arc that concludes inside each episode, and builds towards the grand overall arc.pretty game, interesting controls, physics are pretty terrible - but not largely used.worth a punt for a couple quid, but not full price - that said... I'll probably be buying the sequel... I must know!"
,Recommended,290770,16828569,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Sleepies,"It's hard to review The Fall, it have great concepts and ideas with poor gameplay mechanics.Good:- Excellent, Outstanding Voice Acting, I still wonder how could the dialogue is presented so well in this game- Great background sound effect for the mysterious dark place- Good lights effects- Some scary and some hilarious moment mixed together wellBad:- Game is too short, I completed it in 2.5 hours with walkthough assist, even still have one trading cards left to drop- Complete linear story and single ending, No collectibles or easter eggs for you- Gun fight is poorly executed, sometimes nearly not working- The object is all in dark and black, have to read the descripion and guess what it is- Puzzle solving is too hard, sometimes unfair. I don't think I can combine and make the solution by myself without walkthough help- Controller scheme is strange with hold R3 sticks to aim the object and hold RS button to choose action, release RS button to comply the action. If you click the R3 stick by mistakes, you have to do it all over again.Suggestion:- Just combine Network and Interact button as Interact. Network function distracted and wasted a lot of time for puzzle trial and errors- Auto Aim in Gun fight, it's not shooting game such as counter strike or call of duty, no need to requires players to aim for the headshotScore: 55/100"
,Recommended,290770,19776349,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,octane,"A small and short, but fairly polished experience.This game can be described as a puzzle game with a little action. You solve puzzles to progress further and sometimes you get to defend yourself from enemies in-between.Overall, for the $2 I spent on it it was well worth it.The puzzles were somewhat challanging, some were not so great. The way it plays is similar to a point and click game - you collect items and use them on the environment to solve the puzzles.The action parts were okay, although easy.The narrative was an interesting one, it was the strongest aspect of the game,though it ends kind of abruptly with a cliffhanger. Not a very satisfying ending but not that bad either.The dialogue is well written, delivered well, and the characters are interesting."
76561198000686848,Not Recommended,290770,28568523,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Alec,"This is half a game. It ends just as soon as it was starting to get interesting, with half of the abilities in the menu still locked (they're unlocked at specific story moments), on a cliffhanger, with an advertisement for an unreleased sequel they want you to pay more money for. It's starting to get to a point where even if a Kickstarter project comes out, I can't trust that it will be a complete product when it's being sold on a storefront. So many of them are starting to use the ""full release"" of their crowdfunding projects as a second wave of crowdfunding, and it's unacceptable."
76561198040653599,Recommended,290770,24419036,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Jeanette,"What looks like a similar action adventure game to The Swapper, The Fall is its own beast. Dark, grimly funny and cleverly written, The Fall takes the player down in to the murky depths of an abandoned robot factory and the ethical dilemnas therein. The art is beautiful but for large portions of the game your only source of light is your torch. That can make puzzles more of a 'scan every inch for something you missed' rather than brain teasers. The music is used mostly as atmosphere so there's not a lot to touch on there. The story is pretty great, actually. Yes, this is a part one of three but The Fall ends on a satisfying note whilst hooking the player in for more. Enjoyable gameplay with an intriguing plot. Recommended."
76561198006627168,Not Recommended,290770,10972544,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,PsyBlade,"WARNING: THIS IS ONLY PART ONEDespite being an extremely good game I have to give it an negative review because of the dishonesty of the developers.After about 3h of gameplay it ended with ""to be continued"". This is because this is actually the first part of an eppisodic game where the content is split up into multiple games. There is no indication of this anywhere on the store page.The later parts may or may not be released. The abillity to not release them is imho the prime reason for chosing the eppisodic development model.Additionally they usally cost the same. So be prepared to pay another 50€ to see the end. (All finished episodic games I have seen had around 6 episodes, unfinished ones don't count)EDIT: It seems they now have change the store page. It says this is episode 1 of 3. So the parts about dishonesty aren't striktly true anymore. And in the last paragraph replace 50€ with 20€."
76561197979892486,Not Recommended,290770,11139563,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,reeze,"Thought it was a great game, but feel cheated. There's NOTHING indicating it's merely only a part of a full game. 3 Hours and I completed it...with a ""to be continued"" message. That's just low. At least stick ""Part 1"" or ""Episode 1"" (or ""Demo"", as it's so short). I feel used and cheated by a game that showed so much promise. I'm sad."
,Recommended,290770,24662210,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Arturo,"The Fall is arguably one of the best sci-fi short stories I've ever played. It's a great perspective; definitely a breath of fresh air from the ""I'm a Space Marine, and we kill everything!"" gameplay you find everywhere else.Admittedly, you can easily beat this game in less than 4 hours, but don't let that deter you. It really is a great story."
,Not Recommended,290770,31296592,Posted: 22 April,all,Kinickie,"I'm of two minds on this one.  The gameplay is great and the story has the potential to be super interesting, but unfortunately the game is so short that you don't really get enough of either for it to be satisfying.That, combined with the fact that you will have to pay for the next installment (of how many, who knows?) means that the game just isn't worth the full price.  When I purchased The Fall, it wasn't even made apparent that this was part of a series, so I felt especially miffed when I came to the end after only a couple of hours.If you can get this on sale for 75% off or more, go for it.  If not, well I'm afraid it's not worth the price."
,Not Recommended,290770,20093955,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Skarjak,"This game doesn't end, it stops.This is a short (2 hours) game with a huge cliffhanger ""To be continued!"", making it feel incomplete.  I feel like I've just played through a demo.  It basically ends once it gets interesting.Add this to the awkward controls and the sometimes convoluted puzzles and I have a hard time seeing how this game has garnered such positive reviews.  Absolutely do not buy this game for full price.  I got it 80% off and I still feel robbed..."
76561198045123706,Recommended,290770,12824865,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Sheriff Slag Bag,"This game is phenomenal.The graphics are beautiful and utilize the 2-D space perfectly. The sounds and atmosphere are on point as well keeping you on edge throughout the game from the first minute to the last. Highly immersive for a 2-D game, I was genuinely surprised how enthralled I became. The gameplay was very solid. Challenging puzzles that made you think carefully.But where the game really shines is its narrative.The story was absolutely brilliant. It was very philosophical and had me question things I about life thought I knew the answer to. The voice acting really brings a lot to this factor as well. This game made me feel so many emotions from fear to sadness to happiness and back again. Honestly The Fall is a gem in this aspect.The only bad thing I can say about The Fall is that it is very short. The good news though is that it is part one of three so there is something to look forward to.I have never wrote a serious review before, but I felt it was warranted to share about this game that honestly deserves a play from anyone who loves a good story.TLDR:+Good art+Amazing story+Solid puzzle solving gameplay+Robots-Too shortFinal score: 9/10 Would be a full ten if it was longer"
,Recommended,290770,10993020,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,hi-fi_famicom,"This is a very intriguing adventure game. As the Ai of a suit whose human occupant is unconscious, you must explore the facility where you crash landed and try to find the medical aid needed to save your pilot.I think the developers did an excellent job with the lighting in this game. The environment is very dark and lit only by the glow of mainframe monitors, a few service lights, some malfunctioning machinery, and the Dead Space-ish glow of your suit's helmet,  and serves to enhance the tense atmosphere well. The puzzles are not too difficult, and many of the solutions were rather 'clever.' I think the voice acting is excellent, especially that of ARID, the AI of the suit whom you are controlling. I thought the plot was very interesting. Much of it explores the idea of Artificial Intelligence and the functions and programming they are bound to. I must admit, everything that happened in the end game was fascinating, though I will avoid spoilers and leave it at that. It did raise a few questions that will be addressed in the future sequels.The only negative thing I found with this game was the controls. A core mechanic of the game involves using a flashlight mounted on your firearm to examine the environment for clues and puzzle solutions, but sometimes it was difficult/impossible to face left or right. This happened a few times, and I was locked into facing one direction and unable to turn myself around. I was able to resolve this problem by unplugging my mouse and plugging it back in. I hope the devs can address this problem soon. Otherwise, I found the controls to be fine.Over The MoonGames did an excellent job with this game. It is part one of a planned trilogy, and I look forward to playing the next two games and learning more about the universe The Fall is set in and solving even more clever puzzles."
,Recommended,290770,26741119,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Pakkidis,"Rating 7.5/10Overview: 2D Point and Click AdventureThe Good:+ At its core this game is a 2D exploration, point and click adventure game with some action segments thrown in.+ Great atmosphere and lighting+ Interesting story that adds to the atmosphere+ Good puzzles that fit nicely within the context of the story and atmosphereThe Average:A fairly short game that can be beaten in around 2-3 hours depending on skill level.Because its 2D, there are times when you must run back and forth in levels to solve puzzles.The action segments feel unnecessary and uninspired. Almost every action segment has you hiding behind cover waiting for the enemy to stop shooting and then proceed to shoot a few rounds before repeating the process over again. Luckily the action segments are few and are over with quickly.The Bad:- lack of any real graphical options- Unless I missed it, no volume settingsConclusion:This is not a platformer, nor is it an action game. Its important to realize what kind of game this is. If you enjoy slow paced methodical gameplay, solving puzzles and getting yourself immersed in the atmosphere this is a great game to play."
,Recommended,290770,12517973,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,matt200717,"First off, this game is short. Like, beat it in 4 hours short. In addition to that, the combat isn’t great and the controls are a bit clunky, feeling like you should be using a gamepad when on KB/M and vice versa.Great, now that we’ve got the bad stuff out of the way, let’s talk about why this game is good and totally worth your money.Most of the puzzles are interesting and some can be difficult, but in the standard adventure game style they can be overcome as long as you have a sharp eye and creative mind. I don’t, but this aspect of the game was still enjoyable.The two things that shine the brightest in this game are the writing and atmosphere. The portrayal of AI as a concept was very well done, and all the robots you meet were interesting and not outright good or evil, not even the antagonist. The environments are all sufficiently creepy, and everything ties together into a world that feels subtly dystopian, but not in an overt ‘everything sucks’ kind of way. I felt very immersed in the world as I played, and they managed to do that without an oversaturation of books or text logs scattered about like in many other games. Oh sure, there are some, but not all over the place. So kudos for that.All in all, I enjoyed the experience I got, and look forward to playing any continuations of the story.10/10, better than Deus Ex: The Fall"
,Recommended,290770,16458646,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Django,"Going into this game, I probably knew bare minimum, other than it looked really cool.Going into it that way was probably my best decision. It only took about 3 hours to complete the game(of course with some back tracking when I got lost). But even though this game was only 3 hours, I still enjoyed every moment of it. I enjoyed it beginning to end, and now I want more. I am more than glad a second game is in the works, and I am looking forward to what it will have to offer.This game was just truly amazing for being a Kickstarter funded game. It was very suspenseful and the story was beyond expectations. I was drawn in from the very beginning. I definitely can't forget to mention I basically played this in 2 sittings (in a single day). And I don't normally play single player games for such a long period of time, and definitely in one day. Even though 3 hours doesn't sound like much. For me, playing a game that long within a short time period means I was heavily into the game.And I am glad I was. Because this has definitely got to be one of my all time favorite games now.Great game. Especially for anyone into the Sci-fi / Thriller type of game. A MUST PLAY. Dedicate the 3 hours! You will not be disappointed!"
,Recommended,290770,19808827,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Caironomad,"Anyone who wants this game because they like Metroid, read this first!I've seen a lot of people compare this game to the 2D Metroid sidescrollers of yore and call it a Metroidvania title, and as a big fan of the series, this was one of the major factors in deciding to buy this game. Having just completed it after about 4 hours of playtime (only part 1 of the game has been released at the time I am writing this), I feel that The Fall actually bears little resemblance to games like Super Metroid, so for those of you who are hoping for a modern Metroid Fusion, this game is not like the Metroid series… but you might still want to buy it.First off, platforming.Simply put, there is none in this game. You can jump and climb up ledges, but these abilities are only used in the very first section of the game to help navigate some caves. After you get through them, you might as well never touch the spacebar again except for the in-game prompts it's sometimes used for.Second, exploration.One of the main staples of any Metroid game is vast levels filled with secrets, items and with areas that are sealed off until you acquire a new abilities to access them. The Fall does not have either of these things. The areas in this game are small and very linear for the most part. Even the one large section you play through feels guided, blocking off the second part of the area until you complete your objectives in the first part. In short, the game feels claustrophobic and guided, but I think this goes well with the game's setting and aesthetic (but not a Metroid game).Third, combat.I always enjoyed the simplicity of combat in Metroid games, even the 3D ones, compared to other shooters. Combat in The Fall is even simpler. You have one weapon—some sort of energy pistol with infinite ammo—equipped with a flashlight for exploration, and a laser sight for accuracy when shooting. I came into this game hoping for a diverse set of upgrades to the gun and/or ammo like there is in Metroid. There is—and I'm going to hide this as a spoiler even though I think it's underwhelming—only one upgrade, and all it does is make it so you don't have to charge up each shot manually.The combat controls are primitive and clunky. You aim up and down in an arc using your mouse, and fire with the right mouse button. That's all there is to it. There's also a basic cover system to the game, but in my experience it was very buggy, somehow not allowing me to aim low enough from behind cover to hit enemies in front of me. Speaking of enemies, there are very few in the game, and only 2 types (or maybe 3 if you count neutrals you can aggravate). Overall, I don't think the combat is the main leg the game is trying to stand on, or at least it feels that way.Fourth, the music and aesthetic.I will summarize both in 3 words: dark and minimalistic. Everything in the game is dark, with the exception of a few light sources such as the visor on your character. The good news is that because of this, this game will run on even very low end computers with ease. It also fits with the game's theme, and is something I was quite pleased with, though if you were hoping for the variety and beauty of the environments in Metroid games it isn't there, though the facility you enter has some good character to it. The music, well, the music only really plays during combat and it's just one track. It fits well though, and shouldn't become too repetitive considering how short this game is and how sporadic and far apart combat seems to be. There is a bit of ambient music, but it played so little that I barely noticed it, spending most of my time in silence. Both the music and the look of this game feel like they're where they need to be, but perhaps not exactly where you'd expect them to if you really want a Metroid experience.Fifth, puzzles.The puzzles in this game are not Metroid puzzles that involve platforming and skillfully manipulating parts of your environment. Rather, they are much more like point-and-click puzzles, requiring you to explore your environment for items using your flashlight, which you then must use with the environment to open new areas and progress through the level. Think more Tales of Monkey Island, and less Metroid.Sixth, the story.It's dark, intriguing, and presents characters you can actually feel for. The scenario is that you’re a suit- based A.I. that’s been dropped into a hostile location you know nothing about, governed by unseen rules and entities you must avoid, circumvent or eliminate to ensure your human pilot's protection. One of the functions of the flashlight on your gun is that it allows you to observe facts about your environment, represented by little nodes you can interact with. This reminded me quite a bit of the scan visor from Metroid Prime series. Unlike the Metroid games though, The Fall actually gives its protagonist a personality instead of the silent role. That's something I liked, and was very well done and well voice acted. The story is one of the high points of this game, and now that I've finished the first part (it’s not complete yet), I have even more questions than ever about where I am, what happened here, and where the plot's going to go. All this is a very, very good thing.In the end, this game is not Metroid, nor is it Metroid-like. If you want to buy this game solely because of your love for Metroid, Castlevania or other games like those, save your money. But if you're willing to be a bit more flexible, and enjoy puzzle games, haunting atmosphere, and sci-fi stories about artificial intelligence and A.I. morality, I'd definitely recommend this game to you.In many ways The Fall wasn't the game I was looking for when I bought it, but I came to enjoy it for what it is, and I'm actually quite happy to see developers who have charted their own course by blending genres and penning some truly captivating story telling."
,Not Recommended,290770,11518218,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,foudelou fuckaduck,"Important : the game is the first part of 3 episodes yet to come and which will clearly have to be paid once again[/b]The game is really good but if you're like me and skim descriptions's games you'll maybe miss the part where it says it's only one part of the full game. Brilliant idea not to mention it in the title of in the quick description, or as a clear warning.Anyway, 2 hours for 10€, no matter how good is the game I would not recommend it until their """"trilogy"""" is out"
,Recommended,290770,11418659,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,cpacifying,"What exactly makes human life the most valuable thing in the world? Is that some species-egoistic convention that homo sapiens representatives should be guarded at all costs, to achieve domination over other species? Or it is more than that? Maybe it is not human life soil that values, but rather crops growing out of it? Maybe it is personality, creativity, devotion and honesty that matter the most?And if so - what if such crops can grow in some other soil?This game will raise some discomforting questions before those who try it.Are you able to show compassion to a machine? Can you share its pain, sorrow and despair?You do not have to, of course. You can simply cast it all away as irrelevant.Just like a primitive robot would do in your place."
,Recommended,290770,11215531,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,J o n e x,"First off, The Fall was a very enjoyable game for me. It only took around 3 hours to complete, but this was just the first episode. There is definitely more to come!It’s a 3D platformer with cover based shooting and strong puzzle solving/exploration elements. The atmosphere is dark and moody, with a dystopian setting and interesting, slightly twisted characters in the form of robots. From start to finish the story is plagued with mysteries. I kept wondering what was really going on and as things became more clear, it was all the more thrilling. I want to point out that although the gunplay isn’t a focus of the gameplay, it’s still very VERY well done.I highly recommend this game if you’re interested in puzzle solving with a narrative. There are simple platforming parts, and very cool gunplay, but it’s all secondary to the exploration and puzzles. In my opinion, it’s well worth the money, even with only 3 hours on the clock.I’m looking forward to the next episode!"
76561198069351242,Recommended,290770,10303659,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Jack™,"To get medical attention for your pilot, you have to feed a decomposing human head to a 6 year old made of wood. BEST GAME 10/10!"
,Recommended,290770,12296108,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,ZimMan2,"I finished this damn thing back in June, and I still find myself thinking about it, so I figure, sure, I'll write a review.  Might as well, since that'll probably boost it's visibility on Steam.So first of all, this game has pretty much everything going for it on an aesthetic and narrative level.  While not treading on wholly new ground, it handles its story very well and manages to be effective despite being composed of very familiar elements.  The same goes for the art style.  Harsh shadows, sharp angles, and cool colors are all very common in indie science fiction games, but they're done as expertly as possible here and they really add to the mood.  Finally, the sound design is top-notch.  Some stellar voice acting sets the standard easily lived up to by the eerie ambient sounds, all mixed to perfection for evoking the sense of isolation this game wants to acheive.  The only area I wouldn't praise so highly is the music.  It works and provides a good backdrop, but there's nothing incredibly standout or memorable.The real pitfalls for this game lie in, well, its gameplay.  Many have already pointed out the clunky shooting mechanics, which don't kill the experience entirely, but can be rather frustratng at times.  However, I would also argue that some of the puzzles tread into ""jump up and down with your finger on your nose five times and rub a dead spider on the window to activate the disco ball which you then shoot down to make a hole in the floor"" levels of obtuse.  It's infuriating and legimtately detracts from the overall engagement.  Not all of the puzzles are this way, but enough of them are to get on my nerves and I suspect quite a few other people's nerves as well.However, I think that what this game does right honestly makes up for the qualms I have with it.  It's far from perfect, but it's a fairly unique experience and one I thoroughly enjoyed having.  I can only hope that future installements live up to the promise shown here."
,Not Recommended,290770,11493674,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,PariahDog,"ThemeThe Fall has a distinct graphical style that, although a bit dark, fits the story and mood quite well. Having the protagonist be an A.I. bound by a preprogrammed ruleset is unique and has some interesting potential. Unfortunately the potential isn't well explored, having the game lack depth. Furthermore, the story is ill explained and does not give you the opportunity to develop attachment to any of the characters you encounter.Gameplay and ControlsThe major gameplay element is taken from the old point-and-click adventure game format: collect objects and use them with other objects in the game world to proceed. Unfortunately this mechanic is implemented poorly, as there are too few areas and items held at once to make for challenging puzzles.The Fall also has combat, although it is implemented just as poorly as the adventure mechanics. There are a grand total of 3 enemy types, out of which 1 type is barely responsive. It resembles the style used in the old game 'Flashback', but lacks depth. As a result, the combat encounters are cumbersome rather than enjoyable, furthermore lacking alternative solutions to a straight up firefight.The control scheme is again similar to Flashback, and again lacking in refinement. Jumping looks and feels odd and the control scheme is bad. For instance, the default control scheme on an X-Box controller uses the right analog stick for aiming, while pressing it changes between flashlight and laser sight (searching and shooting, respectively), which you may want to switch between without resetting your aim. The control scheme doesn't use enough buttons to warrant this odd setup.BugsThe game is riddled with bugs to the point where it warrants its own section. Throughout the game it has crashed or locked me in 4 times (e.g., by falling through the floor and going out of bounds after using an item or leaving cover). The Fall lacks polish, as occasionally you can glimpse the outer bounds of the level, as well as target objects through walls. Thus, the bugs not only break immersion, but also your progression throughout the game.Game Length and Episodic ContentAnother flaw warranting its own section is that the game is incredibly short. It takes roughly 1.5 to 2 hours to complete the game without the use of a walkthrough. With the combat and puzzles being dull gameplay elements you're left with no replay value what so ever.According to the developer (via discussion boards) the game will be a trilogy and won't be split into episodic content. I'm not sure what constitutes as episodic content nowadays, but I disagree with the developer for the following reasons: (1) the story abruptly ends on an unsatisfactory cliffhanger leaving many questions unanswered, (2) the game is ridiculously short, and (3) the menu displays several slots for more suit unlocks that are not obtainable in this game.ConclusionI strongly recommend not buying this game at all. If you feel compelled by its story and theme, I advise you to at least wait until the trilogy is complete and buy it as a packaged deal. This title, at least, is not worth the 10 euro price tag it currently has. As it stands, the gameplay is boring, short, bland, and offers no replayability. The game is structured in an episodic way and its first episode is bad. It lacks polish and contains several annoying and potentially game-breaking bugs.Important: The game is structured as episodic content which is not advertised"
76561198096079278,Recommended,290770,12337574,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,FriendFive,"I'm having trouble articulating my thoughts and feelings with this game, so I'll just list pros and cons.ProsVisually interestingGood voice actingAtmosphericConceptually intriguingEngaging storyConsFrustrating controlsBuggySome puzzles are obtusethe game is part of a trilogy and so is not a complete story (""to be continued"")I could write some detail about each bullet point, but I am just not up to it. I guess I don't passionately love nor hate the game enough to spend the words on it. Let it be sufficient enough for me to say that I recommend this game if you get it on sale. Plus, it looks like with the recent update that they added Steam trading cards so I will probably go back and play it some more to get my card drops.It does explore some issues with free will and choice, and because of that, I will elaborate a little on one scene where you have to make a difficult choice. The game actually made me stop and think about the consequences of simply pressing a red button and I thought that was cool. However, it was not clear to me in the game mechanics how I would go about NOT pressing that button. Would I be able to continue on with the story and complete the game without pressing that button? So, with hesitation, I pressed the button. I guess what I am saying is that this game is not shallow; there's some depth there. As a final word, I'll say that I am most likely going to purchase the next two parts after they are released, but I'll probably wait until they go on sale first."
76561197965205931,Not Recommended,290770,10638976,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,digidomo,"Pros:Good atmosphere, well written, voice acting is superb, neat menus.Cons:Puzzles dont make much logical sense which leads to confusion on where to go and what to do next. For the majority it felt like you had to try every item on every action to progress.Combat is cumbersome with an annoying enemy type that kills you in one hit.If playing on keyboard/mouse youll be holding the right mouse button down the entire game."
76561198089399351,Not Recommended,290770,16904903,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,BlockAgent,"The Fall is a terrible game.  The puzzles are so illogical and obscure that they are irritating.  Objects that were not interactive before, suddenly become interactive after pushing a button or interacting with another unrelated object.  There are alot of moments in this game that will leave you saying ""We'll thats dumb, how would they have ever guessed i could put together that process"".  Also, the controls are so clunky and terrible that they alone are the reason this game is difficult.  The combat is so easy that even the boss fight at the end is a breeze.  The only challenge is overcoming the terrible programming of the controls.  The controls only partially work on a xbox 360 controller for some reason (you can look around but not move). I ran into several glitches that caused me to need to exit the curtrent game and load my last checkpoint.  The only good thing about this game is that the voice acting wasn't half bad."
,Recommended,290770,13358856,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,LockeProposal,"+ Compelling narrative+ Rich, engrossing atmosphere+ Superb voice-acting+ The ending had me completely floored; well-handled plot twist that sets the title up for a promised sequel (will allegedly become a trilogy)- Clunky controls and awkward interaction mechanics- Some of the puzzles are dubious and obscureLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,290770,25385021,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,supernaut,"An excellent action adventure side scroller with puzzles and a superb story. If you haven't finished it, please do and if you haven't bought it, please do. I picked this up for a measly 0,99€, but even if you buy it at full price I doubt you will be disappointed. To be clear, it's an episode, so it's on the shorter side (I completed it in 4.5 hours), but the ending is entirely satisfactory (don't sue me if you see it coming), so I've no qualms with the length. The writing is great, often witty and backed up by excellent voice work. Portal fans should definitely take a look.Camera and player movement can get somewhat annoying as you try to line up for equipment interactions or grab onto ledges, which happened rarely, but it's the only unpleasant thing I can remember to point out. The camera jumps to the next area after you've crossed a certain point on the screen, but you'll get used to it. It's a side scroller. Puzzles are just of the right difficulty, though I did consult a walkthrough here and there. Though the gunplay is too easy, I think it warrants another playthrough for the story, cos the writing and voice work really are top notch. Either way you'll be missing some achievements on your first run, some of which are time-sensitive.I've no idea if the developers are working on another episode, I would love to continue this story, but I think it's also nicely self-contained and well delivered, so I won't hold a grudge if this is where it ends. Over The Moon Games can be proud of what they accomplished here.Edit:As I checked their website, they announced Part 2 in August, with a Q1 2017 target date, so there you go. More to come. Sweet. It's nice to discover games 2 years after they've come out, with another episode not that far away."
,Recommended,290770,12666977,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Vile,"Awesome game, thoroughly enjoyed it.Only complaint is it's short, and is part one of supposedly three."
,Recommended,290770,11334039,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Sweet Dee,"If you are a fan of adventure games and, as a result, are tired of seeing the same stories and tropes used over and over again--you need to buy this game. The way the story unfolds is completely unique, and I was glued to my screen from beginning to end. The voice acting is stellar and the art is gorgeous, accompanied by well-crafted sound effects. Enjoy a sinister atmosphere, enhanced by those disturbing item descriptions that can make adventure games more unnerving than the most graphic gore.The keyboard controls could be frustrating, but were never a major obstacle. (I didn't realize this game was meant for the controller or I would have switched! I was legitimately too focused on the gameplay to notice.) My first playthrough took about 4 hours. Beware that this game is part of a series and ends in a cliffhanger, leaving you wanting more."
76561197963437212,Not Recommended,290770,11089615,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,YourMaster,"Game was much too short for the price. I thought I just finished the end of an extended tutorial when the game was over. It would be a great game if there was a lot more content. I know they are going to add 2 more episodes, but the game as it is does not merit 10 bucks for the 4 hours."
,Recommended,290770,12514248,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Ecfor,"I love the story of this game, makes you wonder if AI's should be considered sentient beings or not. From now on ARID pwns GLaDOS :D"
76561198012184140,Recommended,290770,10314934,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Sturgus,"The ominous, dark artwork of The Fall is balanced well with some excellent ironic humor which makes the game much less stressful than any ""horror""-genre game.  I found myself laughing nearly to the point of tears at some parts.  The writing and pacing of the story is excellently executed and the supporting voice-acting is superb.One small criticism is that the intro should explain that you can ""jump"" with spacebar, as I got needlessly stuck without that knowledge.  Otherwise, I never encountered any other bug/oversight on my entire first playthrough (4 hrs).  The achievements will make for a rewarding second-playthrough.Well-done, Over the Moon!  What a fantastic piece of entertainment!  I'm looking forward to the future installments, as I have some burning, unanswered questions."
,Recommended,290770,13060863,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,MrWoks,Occasionally frustrating controls and the odd semi illogical puzzle do not detract from this excellent well told story. It may be a little short (though for £7 you cannot complain) but the stories pace/setting and the very good voice acting make it easy to recommend.
76561197995760735,Recommended,290770,10305684,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,ReSiDeNt_EviL,"Overview - This game is well worth the small monetary outlay IMHO. You will get the biggest sense of satisfaction if you play this game without any help at all and there are parts of the game that require a good deal of lateral thinking to get through.Bugs - There are quite a few reported bugs in the game and althought the autosave protects you most of the time, it is still a bit annoying. On the plus side though, the developer has been very active and quick to respond in the forums trying to get a handle on them.Controls - I used WASD when I played through and I found the controls fine for the most part but combat was a bit awkward. Once you get the hang of it, it was perfectly manageable and did not detract from the game.Graphics - The game is very dark and not as pretty as some other titles in the sidescrolling genre like Mark of the Ninja and the Swapper. That said, the graphics succeed in creating a creepy, musty atmosphere that does feel quite claustrophobic at times.Gameplay / Story - The story has a lot going for it and although there is little to no replay value it is still very strong leaving you with a good deal to think about. It also has a great twist at the end. Well I did not see it coming anyway. The game will probably take you 4 - 6 hours to complete first time round (depending mainly on how long you sweat over certain puzzles). The puzzles are a mixture of Resident Evil style go here get an item then go back here and use it and lateral thinking puzzles. It is also very important to pay attention to your surroundings. Realistically once you know what you are doing you can get through it very quickly. I also thhought the voice acting was brilliant and added a lot to the game.Score - I would give this title a very solid 7.5/10. I can't give it more than that due to the replay value BUT... That said I eagerly await the next part to the story and will be downloading as soon as I can so in no way is this a negative review."
76561198169836006,Recommended,290770,32895259,Posted: 27 June,all,Miej,"Got this on summer sale - worth the $2, though not much more.Pros: beautiful scenery, genuinely intriguing story and world, a very cool take on perspective down to the menu level.  characters are great.Cons: you will spend the vast majority of your time in this game running in circles, trying every possible permutation of using each item you have on everything you pass and shooting every bit of scenery because the puzzles are not well designed.Honestly, it feels like a pretty inspired game, held back by a lack of play testing and funding.  The cliffhanger ending reeks of ""we ran out of money on kickstarter #1, and now we need more in order to complete the original game"".  Which is understandable and just what happens in some cases, but also doesn't leave a great taste in one's mouth.  That said, at least there was a solid product that was followed through to delivery.  Honestly, I hope the devs get backed by a larger company so they can take this game and produce it into a full, polished release.  It definitely hs some solid potential, but given that the vast majority of the 6hrs I spent on it was either afk or running around the same areas repeatedly trying to figure out what I missed, its more of a demo than a full story.Other notes:  This isnt a combat-based game.  Don't expect it to be one.  Has no replay value, since the game appears to be 100% railroaded.  That said, if you miss the old-school style adventure games and the ridiculous puzzles that came along with them, this is for you.I'm torn whether to recommend this or not.  I'd say for 2$, pick it up and just do a google search for the solutions to the puzzles, since they're more a nuisance to get through than anything else, and are not rewarding in any way."
76561198066111631,Not Recommended,290770,11826803,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Pokiehl,"I give this game a thumbs down due to what feels like a bait-and-switch.  This is only episode one, of who knows how many, and yet I don't recall seeing anything about this game being in episode format.I actually really like the concept and setting.  I was hungrily playing through to find out the story, and was willing to forgive somewhat nonsensical puzzles and terrible controls.  Speaking of controls, combat takes up a large part in the game and yet is just terrible.  At least it's easy, otherwise the needlessly complex controls would make the game impossible.I actually like this game - except the controls, and puzzles, and everything up until the dumb cliffhanger ending.  I REALLY wanted to be able to recommend this game, and was actually on the edge of my seat for almost all of it.  In the end, the story is left unfinished, and I can't recommend the game considering it ends on a cliffhanger."
,Not Recommended,290770,16689642,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Torchiest,"Wow, the controls in this game absolutely suck. Who thought it was a good idea to have to click and hold the right mouse button, then hold down left shift, then navigate a menu with WASD to select interactions with items in the environment? Totally unintuitive and unpleasant to use, and really turning me off to what looks like a potentially interesting game.I've come back and tried playing with a controller, which is a little bit better, although still awkward. Unfortunately, I've hit a total wall in the game, with no obvious or obscure solution available. I know what I need to do, but there's no way to do it given the extremely limited interface. This annoying situation has once against discouraged me from bothering to continue. Basically, what I've seen so far bodes poorly for actually having fun."
76561197973253513,Not Recommended,290770,31168949,Posted: 15 April,all,HomerCidal,"The game play was fun and I like the story.... BUT the game is way too short does not develope enough and does not finish so if you really want to complete the story you are roped into buying Fall 2 or Fall 3 or Fall 4.... I expected it to be a completed game with an ending or at least some sort of satisfying conclusion for Part 1 but it is basically like buying Kill Bill 1 but not nearly as good as it did not develope the story enough, you are left hanging. It is clever and innovative but way too short... finished in 6hrs and felt quite dissatisfied. Not sure I will be roped into buying number 2 as it could be just more of the same.... too short and no finale...."
76561197970339840,Not Recommended,290770,16364085,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,illequine,"Excellent story, crappy gameplay.What the videos wont show you is: the dreadful control system, the way the camera shifts until the character almost offscreen when you about-turn is extremely disorienting. Wether this is by design or design-flaw, it's terrible.The controls themselves feel sluggish and backwards. I couldnt manage more than an hour of this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Others may enjoy the puzzles, but not me, not with those controls."
,Recommended,290770,21696479,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,NATESOR,Absolutely pitch perfect fantastic sci-fi short story wrapped in a competent point and click puzzle adventure with light (probably unnecessary) combat elements.Highly recommend.9.5/10
,Recommended,290770,12575497,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Rainfly_X,"The Fall is fantastic. Only problem is that it's too short. The only thing that makes it long, are the periods where you get stumped. Someone who knows the solutions to every puzzle could plow through it in around 20 minutes.It's a bit like a point and click adventure game, but a little better at being able to brute force your way to a solution when you are stuck (if you're paying enough attention, you can try everything you have on every noteworthy area of the room). The controls can be a bit dodgy, but have good ideas in them. I love that you have to choose whether to have your laser sight or your flashlight at any given time - you cannot be both a warrior and an explorer simultaneously.It's not too twitchy, although there's definitely combat. Anyone can get through the fighting with a bit of practice, and a careful eye on their stats. This is a boon for the kind of game that The Fall is - primarily a medium for its puzzles and story.The twist at the end is a bit predictable, I'd figured it out early on. But I would tend to get invested in the urgency of the moment, and forget my suspicions for awhile, only reconsidering my actions later on. In particular, the mass stasis chamber - the implications of that decision only really hit home when you think about it in the context of the big reveal. That's about as much I can say about THAT without completely giving everything away.I am really eager for a sequel or continuation or something... I did not expect the game to end where it did, and I can't wait to see what happens next. There's so much more to the Domesticon mythology that is only hinted at, and does not get resolution or closure. I know the devs are planning to provide more, but I don't know when, or what form it will take - even DLC is possible."
,Recommended,290770,17460987,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,idbrii,"Fantastic story with bad gamepad controls.The Fall is a unique and interesting story with remarkable voice acting and generally well-designed puzzles. There was only one puzzle that I didn't think gave enough information (finding the board) and one that required too much pixel hunting (the re-introduction of a jar), but otherwise with some exploration and time to think you can solve everything.This is part 1 of The Fall and while it ends with a to be continued, it feels mostly self contained. You definitely have strong desire to continue the story, but I was satisfied.While I have minor complaints with the puzzles, the real disappointment is the controls. Playing with a gamepad, you use the RS to aim at a point of interest, then hold RB to interact, then use RS to select your interaction mode. The problem is that you have to hold all three of these at once. You release RB to select your interaction. Playing with the mouse has the concession of ""Toggle Aim"", but it's non-functional with the gamepad. Since you spend a lot of the game looking around you as you walk through the game and there is little benefit to unaimed mode, being able to aim once and release the stick but continue aiming in the same direction would be a blessing to my tired hands. Additionally, the face buttons are generally unused and (I think) X and B could have been reserved for the two main types of interactions.Another negative is the camera. It's great that the camera always shows a lot of space in front of the player. However, it adjusts very quickly when you switch facing directions. I often tried to change facing directions quickly and some players may get motion sickness from the rapid movement.The narrative was strong enough to keep me playing despite my frustrations. I still wholly recommend it and hope the developer improves the controls and camera in future iterations. Took me about 4 hours to complete playing with a gamepad."
,Recommended,290770,12235115,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Jasiri,"The Fall is a game I bought on a whim, not expecting much.Mostly because I liked the idea of playing an AI-controlled combat suit trying to protect its owner after landing in an unknown and hostile environment. The human in the suit unconscious. Boy did I underestimate the writing of this game.So first, the most important thing to know is that the AI - her name is A.R.I.D. - has a set of rules to follow that make it hard for her to master her unknown surroundings at first. She's bound to three basic rules:Do not distort reality (i.e. lie)Be obedientProtect the human who's wearing the suitHowever, in order to advance in the game, she needs some features that are initially disabled in her operating system. Yet, once her human is in grave danger, the system re-evaluates the need for manual activation of features by a human and, if deemed necessary to prevent death, will enable the feature in question by itself.For example, there's a situation that requires her to activate a crane while she's being attacked by a particular enemy. It's only then that she's able to turn on her networking ability to get out of this situation.There are lots of puzzles you need to solve to advance that range from easy to brainteasing. I enjoyed them, save for those few that I couldn't seem to make sense of at first. But as is usually the case with those kinds of things, once you figure out the solution you wonder why you hadn't found it earlier.The action bits - gunfights, mostly - are challenging, but features like the suit's ability to cloak as well as taking cover make them fairly easy to survive. That's not to say they're too easy, but this game is definitely more about story, skill and solving puzzles than shooting. It does fit in nicely, tho.The story itself isn't particularly elaborate at first - all you know is you're an AI-enabled combat suit who landed on some strange unknown world in a weird kind of factory used to repair household robots that aren't working ""efficiently"" anymore - that is to say, they've become self-aware and are no longer safe to work around humans. The security robots and the main (robotic) caretaker of the facility deem she's faulty for reasons I'm not going to elaborate on because that's best explored yourself, forcing her to work together with the self-aware mainframe AI in control of the facility in order to get past the security robots. The ending did surprise me, however, and it's something I truly looked forward to the whole time.I highly recommend this game. The voice acting is excellent, the graphics are nothing short of beautiful, with the animations fluid and realistic. The gameplay is very pleasing, as is the sound design and the music. And then there's the story that made it hard for me to quit playing. And for the first part of a trilogy, I was pretty happy with the ending. It didn't feel like it was only the first part, and that's always a good thing as far as I'm concerned.Get it, play it, enjoy it. If you're into Sci-Fi, adventure-like puzzles and have a couple of hours to spare, give it a go. You won't be disappointed."
76561198088677366,Recommended,290770,11479664,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,[Headhitters] Jenna!,"""Like Limbo with guns"" 5/5-IGN"
,Recommended,290770,24741241,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,AlexiusY,"It's a cross between an adventure game and a metroidvania, but more the former than the latter. There's slight platforming and a bit more simple shooting, but for most of the game you're solving puzzles. Overall it works really well, particularly because of the thick atmosphere and interesting plot. It might look like Limbo when you start it up, but it doesn't do the artsy-fartsy gimmick like it. This is a solid adventure game with a plot that hooks you in, especially if you're a SF fan. Won't say much else because that would be spoiler territory.The only thing you might struggle with are the controls. You move with the keyboard in typical platformer fashion, but you hold the right click on the mouse to aim your flashlight and see what you can interact with (as nodes in many other p'n'c games) and then press and hold shift and the movement keys to interact with objects and use the inventory. Additionally, you can switch from the flaslight into a lasersight for shooting with F, but of course you can't interact with the lasersight on. It can be frustrating at times. Also, some objects you can interact with are either small enough to miss or blending in the dark backgrounds. There's around 2 or 3 of those that could have been better highlighted.The positives outweigh the negatives, and I highly recommend it!"
76561198024478413,Recommended,290770,10762187,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,FWG,"Above average story, good voice acting, non-random puzzles, consistent fictional environment but redundant combat system and wonky m/k controls. Full story:http://youtu.be/evxXBn4HzKs"
,Recommended,290770,11098500,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Butter Milk,I want to curl up in a ball and sit in the corner crying
,Recommended,290770,13463689,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,[R] vv211,"The game is very short, I beat it in about 3 hours.The voice acting is very good, and the atmosphere fits the story very well.There are very few controls, so almost no learning curve or having to get used to themThere's a lot of mystery and intrigue to the story, and the soundtrack and dark, dimly lit atmosphere fit this very wellShort but fun game. Would recommend"
76561198027692026,Not Recommended,290770,20447723,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Jamez,"The Fall is a clever version of point and click combined with classic 2D platformer elements.Pros+ Great lore! The Fall happens when you combine Limbo with Portal.+ Stunning story that sucks you in from the first minute.+ The black humour is superb (reminds a lot of Portal 2)+ Voice acting is 10/10Cons- Encountered 2 game breaking bugs. On the first occasion the menu froze, on the second occasion I ended up flying through the whole level (walls and everything) when I tried to interact with a ladder.- Another bug makes the mouse cursor visible on the screen so you have to continuously Shift+Tab out of the game to make it disappear again.- The puzzles are awful. Not only do they lack logical approach, but you continuously have to go through a myriad of objects to see what you can interact with next.- Driven from the latter, the puzzles take too much time to solve. By the time you've completed a puzzle you're dead tired of the small closed environment you were in. This makes progress in the game painfully slow. I had whole game sessions where I didn't advance one bit.- Clunky movement. I loathed the turning around with mouse.- Terrible interaction/ inventory access- WTF ending.VerdictYou won't miss anything from not playing the game."
76561198038214836,Not Recommended,290770,24796441,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Portal Turret,"I really liked how the game looked and it offered quite a bit of promise with the amount of abilities able to unlock. Only I learned that I unlocked half of them, and then it concludes with, ""To be continued..."" Which made me quite angry, as I thought I would have gotten more playing time out of it. To be honest, I won't come back to this game for a while unless, the second part is offered as DLC or is at a discounted price for people who bought the first part. I won't lie that the graphics look nice and cool, however that doesn't make up for the lack of content."
76561198064300633,Recommended,290770,10290686,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,gaming malarkey,"My opinion of the fall is that it is an interesting game with a Limbo esc artstyle for the background. The game itself starts out slow however does pick up a bit more around 15 minutes in. The game has you play as an AI controling a suit with the intention of getting medical help for the human pilot who is injured inside. The game has you explore your enviroment to find one thing to get another to get to a new area etc. the game may be a very interesting experience and I will (hopefully remember to) update this as i progress further into the game, 1 negative I have experienced is a crash that can happen if you return to the room you encounter someone after already being there the game crahses and you cannot move which is very frustartingbelow there is a video of my look at the game and bear in mind the video is made after experiencing around the first 20 minutes of the game and my opinion is about avarage to start but improves as the game picks uphttp://youtu.be/xZ2vvLpj2Fc"
76561198043375613,Recommended,290770,11479454,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Inoto,"There are few games of such short duration that can still be worth while. The Fall is such a game. The atmosphere was immersive and spooky and the challenges were difficult at times but enjoyably clever. The story and voice acting were well paired and I found myself more connected to the characters than I would have expected. I have not been excited for a game release in a long time, but after finishing Episode 1 I am thrilled by the idea of the next installment. 10/10, would Fall again."
76561198048974498,Recommended,290770,18927807,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,rjmacready,"A poignant tale of female robots and their selfless service to their male masters.  If only women were this obedient in real life.  No, wait a minute...I WAS ONLY JOKING.  SERIOUSLY!!  Sheesh...If we're reverting to ""serious"" mode, then, I guess I should just come straight out and proclaim this a game of the highest quality.  It's super-smart, pretty darn challenging (especially if you're utterly useless at ""adventure game""-style puzzles like me), and genuinely engaging in its atmosphere and story-telling.  Apart from being challenging, though, some of the puzzles are just flat-out CLEVER.  Why are they clever?  Well, for some time now I've said that my definition of a truly great puzzle is one where you can't work it out for the ♥♥♥♥ing life of you, but the second you look up a walkthrough and see the solution, or merely fluke it through trial-and-error, you slap yourself on the forehead in acknowledgement of how it's been STARING YOU IN THE FACE ALL ALONG.  There's a few such moments in Part One of this game, so I can only assume that the second part is going to be an absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  Still, I look forward to it irrespective, and all the walkthrough consultation I'll no doubt require to get through THAT one, too!My own questionable puzzle-solving ability aside, about my only legitimate complaint is that the controls are a tad on the overcomplicated side (but not so bad once you get used to 'em).  Oh...and the combat is also pretty awesome, I gotta say.  Simplistic, but awesome...you'll see what I mean if you buy the game.  Which you should.  'Cause it's one of the best ""indie"" games you'll ever play, in all honesty.Verdict: 9.5/10.(PS It even has a sense of HUMOUR!  Albiet one which is neither condescending nor one which detracts from the meticulously-crafted atmosphere.  And man, that ending!  Absolutely fantastic.  Though not quite sure how they're gonna manage a Part Two in the wake of it, haha...)"
,Recommended,290770,21807279,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,individual865,"Really compelling writing, worth your time if you dig adventure games such as Primordia. Quality scifi adventure games should be supported."
,Not Recommended,290770,21365428,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Zantanimus,"""The Fall"" takes us back to a point in time where clicking around on eveything and hoping something happens was the norm. Maybe it was my own trancendence into modernity, but I can't help but feel that this method no longer makes for an interesting form of gameplay. Coming from a long time veteran of older titles including ""Myst"" and ""Riven"", there's a way to intuitively help the player figure things out, and then there's how ""The Fall"" handles them. Solutions are very unclear and not always intuitive- there's also massive amount of backtracking that occurs when you inevitably get stuck on a single decision point that hampers the rest of your experience with the game. What really sucks, though, is the fact the story is truly engaging, but is locked behind the gate of puzzles that take too long to solve for little payoff.I really sat on the fence on this one because of the story, but I honestly would probably recommend a lets-play video, because the story is all I cared for out of the whole experience."
,Recommended,290770,10525218,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,PowerfulJet,"One of the best games I have played in a long time, for a indie title its comparable to a AAA!"
76561198031672155,Recommended,290770,10369046,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,lepinkainen,Very nice piece of sci-fi storytelling that wraps up nicely even though there are apparently plans for future episodes. Highly recommend for story and atmosphere (and the gameplay is good enough alongside).
76561198017384274,Recommended,290770,10318026,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Auron,Rather quick but I think it is paced perfectly. You WILL NOT be disappointed by this game. You really begin to enjoy every one of the characters and the story to the point of reading every scrap of dialouge you encounter. I was utterly immersed in this game 15 minutes in.
,Recommended,290770,12681844,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,grgisme,"Incredible game. So far the story is excellent, and puzzles are just right."
76561197968887227,Recommended,290770,10622222,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,choddy,"Brilliantly written and executed adventure game.I really like The Fall. I wasn't expecting much but it delivers on it's promises.You play ARID, an on-board AI for a soldier's fancy sci-fi fightin' onesie. A Cortana to a Master Chief, only this time your MC has the good grace to be unconscious. Your mission, and as an AI your entire reason to exist, is to get him medical attention. Cue puzzle-solving hijinks, solid if unflashy shoot-outs and AIs grumbling about protocols.Do yourself a favour and play it on a pad. Mouse and keyboard support is present and does the job, but it doesn't seem to be how the game was initially conceived. The twin-stick-shooter approach is better at mixing puzzles and combat as well as showing off some above average animation. There's a real sense of weight and connection to the character that the mouse and keyboard doesn't capture."
,Recommended,290770,28959512,Posted: 2 January,all,Mammon's Ultramontane,"When I think of the kind of person who downvotes video game reviews that don't align with their own views, I think of the kind of person who made Gamergate a thing, and I feel sad. I also feel sad when I watch the end of Blade Runner, but for different reasons. This game is good and also extremely bad in a very specific and unfortunate way--I liked the story and voice work and could barely put up with any part of its gameplay. I'll give it a marginal blue happy thumb of positivity, but it's a damn close contest. This is called a review, in which I explain how this game was for -me-. It might be the same for you, and it might not. Know why? Consciousness is weird like that, and it exists in people other than you!As a kid, I once resorted to calling up the Nintendo Power hotline to figure out how to get past a waterfall in Shadowgate Classic on the Game Boy Color. Over and over again, meanwhile reaping an exorbitant telephone charge from my parents, a counselor patiently explained to me that clicking Move and Waterfall on the word menu on-screen was not enough--I had to click Move, then the tiny sliver of space directly NEXT to the waterfall in order to get behind it. ""Oh,"" I said, slowly. ""Uhh, thanks!"" There was absolutely no way I would have reached that conclusion on my own, because I had never been given reason to think that the interface allowed interaction with the scenes--I thought it was all about the word bank below.Am I a born idiot? Am I so locked into my own way of thinking that I cannot conceive of different methods of function? You be the judge!Yes, adventure point-and-click games are known for their obtuse puzzle moments, and The Fall contains what may be some of the worst cases I have ever seen having never touched a King's Quest. This is, based on my play and understanding of the story, an extremely intentional part of the game's narrative in which you play an AI OS on-board a high tech combat suit faced with having to think way, way, way the ♥♥♥♥ outside of any kind of conceptual box in order to protect the life of the unconscious human inside it. That's great! It makes a deeply atmospheric and genuinely moving and even sometimes challenging story of the horrifying paradoxes that make up a ""functioning"" autonomous mind.Simultaneously, it plays like utter garbage, and the interface is so unfriendly I was rarely ever able to figure out the correct means of puzzling out anything across the entirety of the game in any sensible span of time. Even when I had to look at a walkthrough for solving the very first room I was not the slightest bit convinced that my failure to understand what the game wanted from me was in any way my fault. Room by room and puzzle by puzzle, The Fall willfully or accidentally misleads you to search for things that could solve puzzles, only to have you discover (in a walkthrough) that the things you expected to need might just be leftover red herrings from earlier versions of the same puzzle and have nothing to do with anything. This entire game, then, purely on the gameplay side of things, spends its entire runtime serving as its own tutorial for gameplay concepts that are used once and never later elaborated upon.That being said, I will say that it is worth suffering through even if you're as stupid as I am. This is one of those nice little sci-fi titles with its heart in the right place and its sights on the sort of philosophical vistas that moved the authors of Dune and Ubik and so on and so forth. It's a good text of great ideas, and it sank its discursive teeth into me deep enough that there was still stuff to think about afterward, things to mourn, and stuff to look forward to. That, like any video game puzzle, is not an easy thing to do well."
,Recommended,290770,10788708,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,rmz,"This is an A-mazing game. I had to begin with this because you might have short attention span.The Fall is similar to Flashback with some elements of point and click adventures. There is some shooting, but most of the game you just explore the mysterious facility and solve point-and-click puzzles to proceed. So this is not an action game. The gfx is very dark and atmospheric. The sound is spot on. The shooting bits are not bad. The story is very very very interesting.If you like interesting point-and-click adventures in sci-fi setting and are not appaled by a bit of shooting you should give it a try as this game is simply great. The first playthrough took me about 4hrs and I had a few subsequent ones to hunt for achievements."
76561197974288321,Recommended,290770,29638212,Posted: 1 February,all,NitroSoldier,"This game made myself talk out loud on what the hell is going on , amazing story and puzzle solving to work out and grasp the overall journey it sparked amazing thoughts thru my brain and i loved it so much this game is a rare gem 11 out of 10 super quality even when you compair other simular games on the genre this feels like a King thank you so much to the creators of this game i enjoyed this magical experience and only hope other game developers check out this game & take onboard such great concept of idea's..."
,Not Recommended,290770,11492326,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Jereco,What I like: The voice acting and the story are absolutely fantastic. The aesthetic of the game is wonderful as well. It is dark and forboding and mysterious. The characters are unique and intresting and I look forward to finding out more. However that leads into my dislikes.What I dislike: It is very short and only the first game of a trilogy. That is not a bad thing as I do look forward to more of the story but it is really short and for the price point $10 or even $5 I got it on sale is too much for how short it is. If I had bought it for $10 I would be quite mad. In this day and age where I can purchase Rogue Legacy for $10 and spend 50+ hours on it or The Fall for 3 hours. Another thing I disliked was the constant backtracking through the levels. Ever part of the game has to be revisited at least once and the FORCE you to do it as some objects are only pick-upable after progressing in the story. It feels like they didn't want to make more levels so they just reused everything they made. It is a small team so I understand but it is still quite frustrating.Ultimately I have to say NOT to buy this game. The mechanics are okay but clunky and the constant repetative of a already short game leads me to believe that this was not a good purchase. Even though I am invested in the story and look forward to the sequal. I hope that it does not come out for $10 also.
76561198272352590,Recommended,290770,28112052,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Seye Gnihctaw,"The game is short and linear, but the story and characters are amazing. Buy it on sale and wait for the sequel."
,Recommended,290770,10644851,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,papaItaly,Amazing. Was not expecting it to be that good.
,Recommended,290770,13888922,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,BiggBenn,"This game tells the extremely interesting story of a Artificial Intelligence trying to fulfill its directives.GraphicsThe very detailed 2D environment surprised me, since I had only heard of this game prior to buying it, and as 2D indie games go, I expected bland and low fidelity visuals. Instead, I got a mostly dark atmosphere, which only gets disrupted by bright and colorful accents, like glowing mushrooms. This does not devalue the colors, but rather, through rarity, makes them all the more special.If the game were to even try and mimic human motion in perfection (which it is not), then it would have failed in the animations department. But since the protagonist is an AI called ARID, the slightly wooden animations fit like a key in a lock. A key that was made for said lock, that is.SoundThe already mentioned dark atmosphere gets complimented by the sounds and music, which are very subtle most of the time. Walking down an empty corridor with that background noise would be very unnerving to me.Voice acting is impeccable, and it is a joy listening to the robotic voices of AIs.StoryI wish I could tell you all of it, but I doNOTwant to ruin the game for you. The Story makes me shiver with anticipation of the next parts. You, the player, will enjoy the dilemma between following rules andfollowing rules.Gameplay""The Fall"" does a lot new to the table, but both the new and the old are executed neatly. Most of the game is a side scroller adventure game, with puzzles to solve that do take either some intelligence or trial and error. You look around by illuminating your surroundings with a torch attached to a gun, which brings us to the slightly clunkier mechanic: Shooting in the same 2D side scroller environment. Firing your weapon works fine, but the cover system is a bit confusing. At the beginning of the game it is not 100% clear behind what objects you can take cover, but it is pretty easy to figure out. Finding the exact right spot to press the ""take cover"" button, whatever that may be with you, is a lot more difficult. It happened to me more than once, that I wanted to hide behind cover, just to be slightly off and just start leaning against a wall. The final part of the gameplay is the Dialogue box, where you can choose different questions to ask, or different ""buttons"" to press. Worked perfectly, which is to be expected of a story driven game.Conclusively, I would recommend you buy this game, if you love thinking about the morality of artificial Intelligence or love relatively short ( I played 3.2 hours, but I am quite daft from time to time) and relatively easy ( I got stuck once, and I got a hint: Take a look at the ceiling if you don't know what to do) adventure games, or just love compelling stories.ADDITIONSome people in the comments/recommendations complain that this game is part of a trilogy. That is literally the first sentence of the Description. ""Experience the first story in a mind bending trilogy! "" is rather unambigious in my mind. This game, right now is only part 1. Others are complaining that this is *obviously* a moneygrab by the devs, but they only raised enough money for part 1 over kickstarter, and are as far as I know currently working on part 2, which they said will be done in about april, but that is just an estimate."
,Recommended,290770,11529631,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Stephen,"Wow, this game is amazing.It's very dark atmosphere, with a very captivating story, and the puzzles are pretty clever.I'm so glad I gave this game a chance, and now I am super eager for future games in the series."
,Recommended,290770,12603199,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,TPI | Ketobbey,"A good game with good ideas. Short but the price is good for the time you get playing. A movie ticket costs much more and you get less entertainment.The controles take a little time to get used to.I thought the storey was pretty cool.If you can get it cheap it's worth it.Maybe not for all gamers but if you like the ""point and click"" kind of game this maybe a nice change for you.If you like sifi it could also be for you.I play heaps of different games. I liked THE FALL.4/5"
76561197993209968,Not Recommended,290770,16376540,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Mochtroid-X,Terrible controls ruin what looks like would be a nice game to play.
,Recommended,290770,24801166,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Orthodoctus,"A good puzzles game with clever puzzles, great story, and dark atmosphere. A couple of the puzzles are a bit unclear, and the interaction mechanic is weird; you have to point your gun at things to be able to interact with them or use items, which I found strange. It is also quite short."
,Recommended,290770,11535230,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Chief-Bugs,"Great story with such deep entanglement, great graphics, awesome voice acting, good level design and good gameplay overall.My only complaint is directed to the controls, the way to interact with the environment is done throught holding/toggling the gun with the flashlight. Although this is logical, since it is needed to see the objects/interactions hidden in the darkness, some objects/interactions that are already visible or that the player is already aware of their presence there should be a faster way to interact with them."
,Recommended,290770,10917368,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,c0sMyc,"This game is really great. At first the controls are a bit confusing, but once the tutorial areal explains what keys do what you will be very drawn into the story and setting. Amazing effects. 10/10 Metroidvania?"
,Recommended,290770,10631362,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,THE NEW FLESH,"Hells yes, buy this game."
76561198068000831,Recommended,290770,30889673,Posted: 1 April,all,Zirconium,"Wow, this was an amazing way to spend a few hours. So much fun with such a great story! Can't wait to play The Fall 2."
,Recommended,290770,25026119,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,AesAthena,"THE FALL's fabulous AI characters belong in the same pantheon as GlaDOS and Wheatley. You may have to run back and forth to the forums for puzzle tips (because man, some of them are obtuse!), but you'll keep coming back because you WANT TO KNOW what happens to these characters.One of the reasons these droids get their hooks in you is because they're spectaularly voice-acted. I especially loved the rapport between ARID and the AI in the middle section. (You'll know 'im when you hear 'im!) ARID's performance is easily on par with GlaDOS'. Great subtleties going on there.Story, atmosphere and characters are this game's strengths. The actiony bits (movement, platforming, and combat) are not. They're not so bad as to make it unplayable, but if you're not patient with these things, if you're trying to run and gun like you're Earthworm Jim, you're gonna be a sad, frustrated panda.That said, I enjoyed the following so much that I forgave the game's action shortcomings, and I think you will, too:- The aesthetic, which feels like someone smashed together TRON, LIMBO, LONE SURVIVOR, and the first two ODDWORLD Abe  games. The environments are spooky and mysterious without being dour and colorless.- The offbeat humor in the second part. Oh. Man. It's robot humor, which is the best humor.- THE FLASHLIGHT IS ON THE GUN. Which is how real-life military operators set up their weapons. Hollywood can't even get this right! (Maybe next time they'll add in a little crouch animation for when you're shooting?)- Speaking of the flashlight, I SUPER enjoyed the way I had to inspect my environment with the flashlight. It really brought me into the world.- Takedowns. They're fun AND they make the combat easier. Did you know when you vault over something, you get to trash the guy on the other side? Also you can shoot over your cover, which I wish I knew at the beginning!- The emotional connections you'll form with these characters. One part made me SO ANGRY!! And I like that inna game. Because games that hit me like short stories get remembered like short stories, and become a part of me. Love it.Can't wait to see what happens in PART 2!"
,Recommended,290770,25019186,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Maxmetpt,"Not the best game I've played, but the story certainly seems more interesting than most games manage. On the lower side, however, there is very, very little story here... The game is just the first episode, and about 70% is game filler (you know, run around looking for whatever item you missed, solve several puzzles that don't really add to the story, etc. etc.).My first impressions were mostly bad, but it got better. The main problems, initially, is how the animations don't really flow into one another, giving a game a very amateur feel. The interface and controls are also pretty bad. Even the standard mouse pointing is off the mark. You have to hold right mouse button to aim, instead of aiming at all times, as is usual. The other problem is the basic interaction: you have to hold Shift for a menu to appear with several option that you have to navigate to with WASD. I don't understand why this is the case. There are so many buttons, even on a controller... oh well.Other than that, the game has some nice moments. I like the way it looks, in terms of atmosphere and aesthetic, but the graphics to look crude. The darkness hides it somewhat, so it gets the point across. The music what ok, nothing that stood out to me, either positively or negatively.It's not a point n' click game (literally), but it's structured like one, with very similar puzzles. You're not ever trying to solve a problem with a set of tools you can explore - instead, you're mostly looking for the only solution that may or may not make sense. The game sometimes seems to take options away from you, forcing you to take a longer route to the solution for no reason... as I said, it's mostly filler, unfortunately.The story, however, had some interesting things! You're an AI in a strange facility and you learn about as the game goes on. Your job is to protect your pilot, guided by 3 golden rules (like Asimov's, but with a more specific purpose).The biggest fault is really how little there is to go on. I can't really say much about it, about the things I liked and disliked, because it seems only the first little bit of the story.I wouldn't recommend it for the base price. I got it for 1$ on sale, and it was worth that much. But I'd advise anyone to wait for the second episode, since this one doesn't even come close to a conclusion, or get a point across."
,Recommended,290770,10999142,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Willy the Wendigo,"I hope this game is episodic.Let me explain; I got this game for 4.99 during the Steam summer sale, and I think that's about a fair price for the amount of content given.The game relies on hard (not neccessarily intuitive) puzzles to keep you playing longer. Even still, I beat this game in 113 minutes.Reworking the numbers, it's possible to beat this game in about thirty minutes if you know all the answers to the puzzles.""Holy empty combat suits, batman! This game's scamming me out of my money!"" You might be saying.This isn't true. This game is amazing, espescially for an indie game. Voice acting is AAA (even for the Robots), graphics are fun to look at, and the lighting is even fun to play around with, though it is not really a mechanic in the game. (IE, I like shooting my sidearm so I can see the room around me illuminated by the muzzleflare).Not only that, but this game poses some interesting theological/philosophical questions.If an Artificial Intelligence is programmed with every human emotion and ability, including lying and desire, does that make it equivilent to  a human being? Or are they empty inside, lacking the one vital piece that they will never be able to attain, a piece that stretches beyond the material world: the soul?The combat is also interesting, kind of blocky and fidgety, but nonetheless interesting.So, I would, in fact, recommend this game. For 4.99. That's a lot, considering it can be beaten in thirty minutes if you have an intellect on par with Sir Francis Bacon (Inventor of the scientific method, not the internent meme).I would also recommend this game for 9.99, but only if it is episodic, and the developers promise much more content and story IN THE SAME GAME.As in, in the same game that I payed 4.99 for, in the same spot on my steam library list. If they're going to make a sequel of the same length, yet make you pay 9.99 once more for it, then I will probably go back on my word about the recommendation thing."
,Recommended,290770,28840071,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Lethe,"An excellent game with a compelling story. Greatly enjoyed playing through twice, picking up on a few new things the second time around."
,Recommended,290770,27492747,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Skooma_Bunnies,"This game, is good :)Pros and Cons+Good history+Good Design on this game+You MUST use youre brain-Must play on Controll"
,Recommended,290770,16690155,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Viishnahn,"The Fall–Exploration; PuzzleRating:Highly RecommendedAttention Metroid/Castlevania enthusiasts: this game may interest you.NOTICE:The following includes many references to Metroid elements. If you are confused, please search online for more information regarding the Metroid games.When a human is incapacitated for any reason in an A.R.I.D. Mark VII Battlesuit, the onboard A.I. takes control of motor functions and seeks medical attention for its wounded pilot. InThe Fall, the A.I. onboard a battlesuit, nicknamed Arid, has just crash-landed on a planet. Her pilot is seriously injured and unconscious, so the A.I. takes full control of the suit she resides in and starts to explore…Sound familiar? For Metroid gamers, this is a twist on the classic “start on an alien planet with no upgrades as Samus.” The backstory behind the lack of equipment in this game is that you have it equipped but are simply not authorized to use it (like in Metroid: Other M). Unlike the lame excuse presented in Other M, though, The Fall’s explanation actually makes sense; an A.I. is prevented from using certain functions without a human’s permission except in dire circumstances. More on that last part later.The atmosphere inThe Fallis incredible - dark, mysterious and foreboding. Similar to Metroid Prime, there are points located above objects of interest scattered throughout the 2D world. You start with a weapon that has two modes: laser sight (for firing; disabled initially) and a flashlight for finding info points. Another note: each point of info has a few interaction options, such as picking up a tire iron or activating an elevator. The items are kept until needed at another info point. You acquire access to more suit functions  and circumvent the need for human approval in certain situations where the pilot’s life is in imminent danger.I didn’t think too much of this game from the store page, but I absolutely love the Metroid games and so I thought I’d give it a go. Forunder $10, this game is very satisfying: the puzzles and endless backtracking really makes you think to progress. The fascinating dialogue (sometimes monologue) explores the nature of artificial intelligence and its bounds in way that only an android could. The game itself ispretty short, however.Four hoursfor my initial playthrough with no guides, one hour for my second playthrough.Some of the mechanics could use a little work. The switching between combat and discovery (flashlight) mode is uncomfortable at times, and finding just the right angle to activate an elevator while standing directly adjacent to it is maddening. You cannot change direction in mid-air. Aiming with the laser sight can be a bit strange at times, trying to compensate for distance to target.All that said, I still give a enthusiastic recommendation to this game.Not RecommendedRecommended With CautionRecommended- Highly RecommendedRecommended as EssentialP.S. The Fall 2 is announced and in development.P.P.S. I have never played any of the Castlevania games. I am guessing that Castlevania players will like this, but am not sure. I do know almost for certain, however, that Metroid enthusiasts will enjoy this."
76561198021983999,Recommended,290770,10468837,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Space Wolf Hudson,"I highly recommend this game. Here is why:This game is very well designed in my opinion. It accomplishes everything it tries to. Some indiegames try to accomplish too much and fail but this one does not. Seems like the developers of The Fall knew what they want and what to focus on for their game. The Fall tells you a (in my opinion) very interesting sci-fi story and combines it with puzzle solving and some action.The graphics are good, not like AAA title graphics of course, but good for a game like this nevertheless. Sound, voice actors and animations are great.As for the story (no spoilers here): If you like stories about evolving A.I. and like movies like The Machine, you'll probably enjoy The Fall as well. The only real downside of this game for me is that it is quite short. I'd love to go on and on and on and see, hear and learn more about the story. Nevertheless it was worth the money in my opinion, and I probably play it again to experience the story another time and get all the achievements.I really hope for a sequel to this game."
,Recommended,290770,24714658,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,baminebrine,I LOVE THIS GAME! It's music is awesome! What else should I say? It's epic.
,Recommended,290770,11183185,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Ottomic,"The Fall is a 2-d sidescrolling shooter with elements of platforming and graphical adventures. Controls are clunky, especially on the shooting segments, and the game can be finished in about 4 hours, but that doesn't mean it's not an overall good product. The story is interesting and compelling, it has a *very* satisfying ending, and although some puzzles are a bit unintuitive, it won't reach Discwold standards by any means.It is a good game that I recommend any science fiction fan. It's entertaining through and through, the story is very well paced, and the bigger picture one gets on the home stretch makes the game feel very nice narratively speaking.8/10."
,Recommended,290770,18248309,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,King',"This game has proven to me that not only a deserted facility with hostile entities can hold such hold a much deeper and dark history to it. The atmosphere of the game is extremelyeeriefrom the player's perspective.The gameplay focuses on-complicated puzzles-Intense action-On a linear platformMiscellaneous Information:Voice acting - for the game puts the player into the perspective of the protagonist in the Mark 7 A.R.I.D combat suit. Interesting language between the artificial intelligences, very complicated sentences but yet understanding (makes you feels smart haha)Combat - gameplay is very simple but yet very entertaining by stretching out into: range actions and CQC.Enviroment - was proven to feel very empty and dead for a long period of time. Walking through vents and hallways filled with filthy organic matter makes the player feel that they are entering a working facility that was once filled with people and noises which is then turned in dead silence."
,Not Recommended,290770,20503791,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Rogue,"Adventure game with simple combat elements.  Like any adventure game, what drives you to play it is the story.  I found The Fall's story to be just OK.  Not bad, but not compelling either.  This, combined with repetitive action elements and confusing UI (at times) leaves me luke-warm on the game.  Rating: 3 / 5."
76561198021560005,Recommended,290770,25123236,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,MoZiz_Kong,"Great game,  worth the money.  I definitely love the design and story but I'm really not a fan of the aim system. As I said still this is a great game."
76561197994318527,Recommended,290770,24227250,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,telsetsun,"I got this game up during the Steam sale. It's a side-scrolling adventure game with some combat elements.  It's an enjoyable game with the right amount of weirdness to make it interesting and memorable. But I would have been really disappointed if I picked this up for the full price due to the short length. The game is intriguing but doesn't give you any information on the character, location, or the events behind the onset of the story. Wait for a sale or a price drop before picking this up."
,Recommended,290770,15041087,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,DirtyFishy,"Stylish, fun to play, great puzzles, great visuals and a good story for the first episode. If you like puzzle games and adventure games you should love this.Controls are stiff but I believe that was a design decision, considering you are essentially a suit of armour.It's somewhat minimalist but really well done.Hopeful for episode 2.Is it worth the money? Quite possibly, it's a good game, somewhat decent length. Appealing. I'd recommend it.Completed in about 4 hours or so. Spent additional time getting achievements."
,Recommended,290770,24812890,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,pinemartin,You feed human heads to cardboard kids.
,Recommended,290770,34611263,Posted: 30 August,all,whitewolfguy,"Good platform game. With an immersive climate and history. I'm playing Linux (Ubuntu 16.04) and I'm not having any problems. The weak point of the game is the controls, the interaction of the player with the scenario is not usual. But for those who like a good story, immersive climate, cyberpunk and sci-fi, I highly recommend it."
,Not Recommended,290770,11483325,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Zeke,"Good then the bad.The good: This game is cheap. I purchased it for $5, but it normally sells for $10. The story reminds me of The Swapper. It was another side scroller that had a surprisingly great story and deeper meaning to it. But......The bad: This game just isn't fun. Remember point and click adventure games when you'd try to use every item in your inventory on every object in the game because the solutions were really bizarre? The Fall has that, but it is much worse. The game is designed for a controller and you need to aim the flashlight from your gun on objects to interact with them. Unfortunately, this means you will miss items unless you look everywhere, and everywhere twice. The art design is mostly in the dark, so if an item is dropped or changes, you might miss it. I shouldn't have to look up a walkthrough to figure out where I'm supposed to find the pixel to rub on another pixel. The combat is garbage. There's only two types of enemies: Ones who charge and ones who sit behind cover and shoot at you. It should have just focused all that money the puzzles and story because.........that fairly interesting story ends on a goddamn cliffhanger.This game is a 5/10."
,Recommended,290770,10922619,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Over The MoonPublishers:Over The MoonInitial release:May 2014Genre:Adventure, Action#Worth/NotWorth:#WorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationAlright, this game has compelled me to write something. Write something about this frustratingly awesome title.First the bad news, shooting robots is awesome.... but not in this game. On top of that, the puzzles are ♥♥♥♥ing ridiculous. I have never ""adventure gamed"" my way through something so absolutely. However they do fall in line with the story in their aftermath, the execution leaves A LOT to be desired. This might have been much better served as a point and click. Or at least something that interfaced better with the user.Now the cool stuff. Admittedly, I have a slight affinity for anything reagrding space travel/artificial intelligence/sci-fi in general. The premise of the game is simply awesome. In the real sense of the word awesome. Something that inspires awe. AI's have always had parameters and subjugating certain aspects to bend the rules to acomplish a task within those parameters has long been a trope of a good AI story. That aspect is not missing here. But what I find most interesting is the use of human's within the suits where these AI's live. A sort of Jarvis to Iron Man. Say Iron Man becomes unconscious, Jarvis would then take full control to get medical aid to Tony Stark providing one of the parameters was to protect Tony at all costs. How far will the parameters be bent? When does technically following a rule go to far? Obviously, you'll need to embark into the journey of the fall find out in this specific case.The other aspect I found interesting is even though they maintian sentience of being AI, the game seems to elude to there being different levels of consciously being aware of oneself. I suppose one could surmise they were just learning computers with varying perspectives. Or something more.The ending is quite satifying, it does elude to this being episode 1, so I guess the future remains to be seen.All in all, I played 80% of this with a guide open, this is very much an adventure game with all the wacky use ""this"" to interact with ""that"" mechanics you either love or hate. Mechanically I feel the game lacks polish or play testing, not really sure. This is a indie game so some level of forgiveness is in order. Either way, the premise is intriging, the art sytle is really cool, slick character animations when interacting with stuff. Though, I must say, its way too damn dark in that place.I may go as far as to say ""inspired by Isaac Asimov"" but I won't commit to that. You can't hold me to that, this is the internet, this is all fake.Follow my curation for more"
76561197962204956,Not Recommended,290770,10543922,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,brews the dingo,"The mouse and keyboard controls for this game are atrocious.This is the heart of what is killing the game for me.It's like playing an old school point-n-click adventure game except I need to constantly hold the mouse button, wiggle the mouse at key items in the game, and figure out the puzzles at the same time. “Frustrating” doesn't begin to describe the feeling this scheme evokes.  What? I can't collect blood in a pan until a dialog trigger? I haven't had to put up with that since I played “I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream”. Yes, that's the sound of 1995 calling. They want their linear plot mechanics back.I admit, I could sit and work my way through following a  Youtube walkthrough but this defeats the purpose of me playing the game. Mind you, all of this complaining this is coming from someone who revels in the difficulty of “Dark Souls” and the complexity of the “ARMA” series or “Crusader Kings II”. I just don't care enough to put up with this in this particular game.Ranting out of the way, I don't want to sound mean because it sounds like people are really getting something from this. Looking at the other reviews, it looks like this game may offer something exciting. The plot may be wonderful, but I simply don't have the patience nor the attachment with the game to get very far. I don't find the game's atmosphere to be particularly novel (see ""Limbo"" or ""The Swapper"") and the voice acting may or may not be the best thing ever, but these certainly aren't enough to cover for this game's blinding flaw.Get it on sale with low expectations. I hope it works for you.Me?I might come around to try this again when the game is polished or if the plot grabs me in some fantastic way when future episodes come out. I'll be sure  to update this review then."
76561198006880345,Recommended,290770,14265374,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Beef Supreme,"The Fall is a side-scrolling, plot-driven, sci-fi, action and puzzle game. This game may remind seasoned players of the classic, Flashback, but in mechanics and genre only.  Everything about this game encourages you to pay close attention to detail, which is a refreshing experience among contemporary titles.  I found it buried deeply in the roster of the last big steam sale.The Fall is an eloquently written narrative experience.  The game is set in a future world where AI development has advanced considerably.  You control an advanced combat suit after falling from the sky, through the ground and into a cavern.  Make no mistake, the plot quickly thickens, and its advancement is a sustained element of this game that will keep you engaged.It should be mentioned that a few of the puzzles can be challenging. However, I recommend using walkthroughs only as an absolute last resort, as the answer is usually accessible with further inspection.  The combat is relatively easy, but also does not hold your hand. You will be forced to pay attention to enemies instead of button-mashing.If you are philosophically-inclined like me, you will spend a great deal of time pondering how plot elements apply to real-world concepts such as free-will, technological advancement, human evolution, and the future direction of the human species. The world is immersive, both in visuals and music.Some of the best elements of this game have to do with its plot progression, so I won't spoil anything for you.  If you like side-scrollers, realistic sci-fi, thinking games, and immersive thought-provoking narratives, this game is worth checking out.  It is currently well-worth the $10, full-price cost on steam, but on sale it goes much lower.  I got about 9 hours of game play out of it.  This was a bit short for me, because I enjoyed it so much, but this shortness does make it accessible for casual gamers who are looking for something of substance for a single weekend or to play in installments after work.  It is a game worth experiencing, not speed-running.  Be sure to note the subtleties."
,Recommended,290770,10303207,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,kiru,"The game's first objective is to look around using the right stick and examine two points. Uh, what? While the game description did mention ""Full controller support"", there was no indication that a console-style gaming controller was required in order to play the game. Oh well, at least I only wasted 9 bucks.[Edit: Changed from Not Recommended to Recommended after game update with mouse fix.]"
,Recommended,290770,10364648,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Nipples,GIVE ME PART 2!
,Recommended,290770,16685547,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,sabasNL,"[NO SPOILERS]Wow. Just wow.Immersive visuals, tense and dark story, well-written dialog, puzzles that are the right kind of tough, horror focused on making you feel uncomfortable and lost rather than jumpscares and cliches.There are two cons however:- The difficulty of the puzzles can vary. I found two to be impossible, so I had to look them up, but the others were relatively easy to tough but rewarding. Most puzzles were satisfying, however.- The combat feels a little bit clunky at times (due to the control mechanics), but it doesn't distract from the rest of the gameplay for me. I actually think it's nice, because it changes the pace now and then to keep you interested.I had to finish the game in one week. The story is just so good, I was constantly wondering what would happen next, and it constantly surprised me in a good way. A unique game that I can't recommend enough.Can't wait for the sequel, I want to see more of this for sure!"
76561197965572958,Recommended,290770,11482269,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,King Jed,"NOTE: At the time of writing, The Fall is the first episode only - most story arcs are wrapped up but it is too early to tell where the overall plot will go.The Fall is a story-driven side scrolling adventure with intermingled action sequences. I picked it up in a daily sale and would highly recommend it - it's really strong on building its story and mood through exploration and the plot rapidly drew me in. The game is strongest on the artistic side: level backgrounds are simple but beautiful and effectively convey the desolation of its setting, the voice acting is enjoyable and supports the story themes well, and the story itself kept me interested for the duration of play (about 4 hours). I would say that if the game is one thing, it is coherent: Main menu and GUI, the world it builds and the story all mesh together nicely.The game's mechanics are a bit more variable in quality. The shooter mechanics are bland 2D-cover based shooting, and I personally found them to be a bit pointless. The puzzles worked reasonably well, and meshed nicely with the exploration aspect of the game which is highly linear but significantly contributes to the game's creepy mood. Unfortunately, the game fails to signpost adequately how far you have to travel to acquire the items you need to solve the puzzles, notably in the game's middle section you have to travel through large areas that are ""shut down"" and point out to you that you should not go there yet, but to progress you must travel through them. In fact, at several points characters specifically tell you that you are in the wrong place and not completing your tasks in the right order... which may be very clever meta-game commentary given the nature of the story, but if so, I missed it.I won't comment on the story itself, mostly because I am an idiot and will inevitably spoil something, and I think the game is best approached blindly."
,Recommended,290770,19314730,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Widerstand,"The Fall is an independent attempt to create a story-driven science fiction adventure game, and Over The Moon have efficiently delivered the atmosphere, the gameplay and the story.There's really not much to talk about The Fall, however with the outstanding voiceacting and well-developed level design, it delivers what it promises - which is a story evolving around a suit called A.R.I.D. and it's urgency to get its pilot to a proper medical bay. While the game is relatively short, it's deliberate length actually adds to the atmosphere. And believe me, you'll find yourself wanting more at the very end.Controls can be a bit of a problem time to time, exactly when you are to make a quick decision. This, actually, costed me a few achievements, unfortunately, but that is fine. I'm guessing The Fall is designed to be played with a controller, which I do not have since I pretty much would like to play anything with keyboard & mouse. - Anyway, there's nothing extra ordinary about the graphics. The dark atmosphere and the artstyle goes hand-in-hand and the overall graphics do add to the gameplay. Also, worth to note, I haven't had any performance related problems while playing The Fall on GNU/Linux. - which I am thankful for. It means a lot to see such titles on GNU/Linux and I apperciated every minute I've spent with The Fall on my Arch.Voiceacting and Soundtrack are well done, there's nothing to add here. Sound Design is exactly how it should be and the Voiceactors gave their best for this title and they've succeed with an outstanding performance. - Very well done.Does it worth its initial price? That might be debatable. But does it worth spending time with? Definitely. The Fall is one of those unique experiences for people who would like to explore different approaches to the genre. Again, it does what it promises and that's the exact reason why people who are interested in such games should give The Fall a try. - I promise, you won't regret it.I'm looking forward for the new titles from Over The Moon, and of course the continuation of The Fall."
,Recommended,290770,11713656,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,feek,"I love this game. It is kind of short, and it leaves you on a ""to be continued.."", but it is still worth the purchase. Maybe they will add in episodes without additional purchases like Telltale does."
,Recommended,290770,11074977,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,thatothermitch,"Recommended with reservations. This game is very short. The authors have crafted such a wonderous world, I can't help but wish that there was more revelation. Beyond that, controls are a bit strange on keyboard / mouse, which leads to some frustrating combat experiences. Combat itself is fairly weak, but It's not a major part of the game (in all honesty, it might have been better to leave this out)Would be a good sale buy."
,Recommended,290770,11059626,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Gold the Edgehog,"I enjoyed this game.Not exactly the longest game, but compared to a lot of adventure games this one definately has a unique premise.In a lot of ways, this game is almost like something straight out of the mind of Issac Asimov. The first reason is because the game plays around a lot with the ideas of moral guidelines for robotics and how that would impact their functoin. The second reason why it reminds me of stuff from Asimov is because everything is dark enough to satisfy even an agoraphobe like him.The premise is solid, and some of the puzzles ended up being like most adventure game puzzles: combine everything in your inventory on everything in sight until something works. But there was nothing so frustrating that I didn't want to play anymore (unlike the cat mustache puzzle from everyone's least favorite adventure game).Ultimately, I'm a sucker for the environment that it presented. The character dialog was interesting as it was spoken from the mouths of machines so there was some kind of interesting lifeless quality to everything spoken. The more humanoid ai system you end up interacting with was probably necessary for you not to get bored with everything.Ultimately, my recommendatoin would  depend on how much you favor story and characters over game length. This game is quite short but it manages not to overstay its welcome. Ultimately, if the length of the game is something that would bother you it might not be worth it to buy."
76561197984899206,Recommended,290770,21596691,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Ross,"I strongly recommend this game, especially if it's on sale and you happen to be looking at the reviews wondering if it's worth spending a few bucks on.This is one of the very few games I have ever played where the story alone kept me interested.  Excellently written, well voiced, tightly focused, and thought provoking.  Science fiction done as well as a good book or movie.The gameplay is decent, but nothing spectacular.  It's about a 60/30/10 mix of exploration, puzzle solving, and action.  The exploration ties in very well with the story, but the combat will probably disappoint people who are looking for something more challenging.  As for the puzzles, I'll give them props for making sure the in-game logs give the player clues how to solve them, but it's still your basic adventure game logic of ""run around rubbing things on other things to see what works.""  Whether you consider that a draw or a drawback will depend on how you feel about adventure games.My only complaint would be the length.  It's a short game, with limited replay value.  An excellent way to waste a weekend, but probably no more than that.  It does apparently have a sequel in the works, with another one planned; despite this, the story is entirely self-contained.9/10, would buy again.  And will buy the sequel!"
,Recommended,290770,16620566,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Simon says die!,"Game has incredible atmosphere and visuals.Although puzzles can be really un-intuitive, really good story is enough to earn above avarage grade."
76561198027455461,Recommended,290770,12934786,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Niko My Cousin,"The Fall has such a great atmosphere and story. The trailer was enough to spike my curiosity. I played the entire game in one sitting, mainly because I could not stop playing this game. On finishing this game, I'm genuinely interested in the next two episodes that have been announced. If you like point and click adventures, mixed with a bit sidescrolling action, and while tossing in sci-fi and robots. I suggest trying this game out. I give it a 8 out of 10."
,Recommended,290770,10570260,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Pancake,"Really good game with an excellent atmosphere and great story, the only bad part is the combat in my opinion."
,Recommended,290770,12872671,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Dr. Dank,"Fun cerebral sci-fi adventure/action game. It has it's flaws, but makes up for it with good writing and fantastic atmosphere. Don't hesitate to look stuff up if you get stuck. The puzzles are not the point of this game."
,Recommended,290770,10934310,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,The Andy-Christ,"One word comes to mind when I think back on this game, WOW.I was blown away by this game that I purchased on a whim. The story is thoughtfully crafted and overcomes the pitfalls that plague many games' stories.  The characters within are well written and believable (not many games can say that anymore).  I am genuinely excited to find out what happens in the next chapters of the game.My only complaints is one that many games of it's genre suffer from.  It boils down to plugging the right item into the right slot in the right order.  This can be a bit frustrating at times, especially when some “slots” are not made clear.I feel guilty about buying the game on sale, I will definantly be buying the next chapter at full price."
,Recommended,290770,10319764,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,'pataphysician,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH THIS GAME IS SO GOODBUY THIS GAME NOWIT'S SO GOOD
,Recommended,290770,10646436,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mumen Rider,"Beautifully atmospheric, perfectly challenging, excellent opener for what i foresee will be a hella rad series. plus storylines with sympathetic and unsympathetic robots melt my heart"
,Recommended,290770,10665124,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Jimmy,Amazing game would recommend
,Recommended,290770,10598802,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Shinjorai,I recommend this game for the price. Be warned though it is rather short but its worth a playthrough. Some of the puzzles are a little obscure and hard to figure out but it was a fun little playthrough and the voice acting is excellent as well as the story. I cant go into the story without possible spoilers but just know that if you like sci fi and moral dillemas youll enjoy it. It also has some pretty twisted humor that i appreciate and made me lol a few times.
,Recommended,290770,10609964,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,deadSaint,This game features great bioshock-esque storytelling as well as all-round good realisation.Totally worth its money.Sad panda didn't back it on kickstarter
,Recommended,290770,14093844,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Mauen Kedalbe,"I'm not much of one for writing reviews, so I'll keep this short and sweet (just like the game itself - it can be beaten is just a few hours). Despite its length, The Fall has to have one of the most engaging stories I've seen in a game for a very long time. A great plot, excellent character developement, and beautifully dark atmosphere come together to make on hell of a game. While the controls take a little getting used to, and some of the puzzles are quite unintuitive, I found myself quickly dragged into the world created by Over The Moon Games. I am eagerly awaiting The Falls's sequel.If you are a fan of side-scrolling puzzlers, or just a fan of great sci-fi stories, I would deffinitely reccomend picking up this game."
,Recommended,290770,19337730,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Kodiak-Rush,"Have you ever wanted to face off against mutant slugs, psycho robots and deadly fish with teeth like razors? Then this might be the game for youStep into the role of ARID, an AI controlled combat suit who will do anything to save her pilot from impending doom whilst traversing the hellscape of an abandoned robotics factory. She finds friends and foe upon her journey to salvation, a journey that will make her question every rule governing her existence as a machine.ARID is a pretty awesome character, she grows throughout the whole game from being so subservient in the beginning to questioning her reality and how she has to break the rules to save her pilot. For a machine she is very complex and I felt compelled to see how this story ends. The few other characters you meet are very interesting in their own right; I get a real feeling that each has their own story that would be equally interesting to see how they got to where they are today.The world in which the game is set, although not large by any stretch of the imagination, is full of things that are interesting and show depth not explored in the game. Finding a few notes here and there giving you details but not the whole picture as to what happened in this place and how it became so decayed and forgotten. It had a decrepit beauty to it that I enjoyed to no end. The story appears simple from the outside but is, I suspect, a metaphor for something much deeper. I had a great time from start to end.The game plays well for a platformer, the gun controls are clunky and the menu selections aren’t the best. But neither hampers the enjoyment and both add to the charm of this indie gem. The game is full of puzzles and challenges, none of which were too difficult to overcome and gave a great sense of accomplishment when you figured out how to beat them. The sound is great too, the voices are fantastic and really add to the characters, the music is ominous and foreboding and the ambient noises brought some life to the dead world.I thoroughly enjoyed this game from start to finish, so much so that I have played it through twice now and still had a blast. If this is on sale it is a must buy, at full price you would still get a lot of enjoyment out of it but with the short length you might want to wait. So everyone out there help ARID out and play this game.Have Fun ^_^"
,Recommended,290770,13034392,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,DasMaddi,"A great little game with simple yet intuitive mechanics. Rounds out with a fantastic story, challenging puzzles and great visuals. Definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,290770,16461666,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Berq,"Do you like:Dark, atmospheric experiences?Even darker humor?""Search the environment for items and the things they interact with"" type adventure games?An interesting, intriguing, well-written storyline with interesting, intriguing, well-written characters?Surprisingly good, possibly Canadian voice acting?Somewhat unconventional/wonky controls that nonetheless work?Wishing a game was longer?... especially when it has a cliffhanger ending, to be continued in a yet-to-be-released sequel? (6-15)Buying ""The Fall""?If so, you should buy ""The Fall""!In all seriousness, you reallyshouldbuy ""The Fall.""  Despite a couple rough edges, it's an excellent title that delivers on its trailer.  I liked it so much I bought it... twice!"
76561198002635600,Recommended,290770,21113249,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,JoypadJoe,"A short, interesting game, The Fall's strength lies in its narrative following the A.I. of a suit of armour trying to save its human pilot through a dark and twisted setting. There are some occasionally frustrating control issues, but largely The Fall plays like a contemporary point & click adventure like The Silent Age or Gemini Rue. Add in some gorgeously dark and understated graphics and there's more than enough to hold one's attention. The price may be a tad high for what you're getting (I completed the game in a single sitting one evening) but for the £2 I spent, I'm a very satisfied customer."
76561197982237517,Recommended,290770,12507001,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Angel,"This game is really a work of art. Absolutely great storytelling, graphics are excellent, gameplay is almost perfect and bursts with potential for its future.Only downside is that just when the game gets at its best, it ends in ''to be continued"". This game deserves and needs the support necessary to bring this great story to a close. I hope to see the sequel come soon to complete the experience, it will be a day one purchase for me."
,Recommended,290770,12029482,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,SpazldRust,"Read my whole review here:http://www.gameskinny.com/dnpma/review-tumbling-in-for-the-fallBut the sort of it, amazing game, if let down by standard point and click tropes (having to pixcel hunt).I give it a 9/10."
76561198086467539,Recommended,290770,31658491,Posted: 9 May,all,Bingo da Amizade,"Nice game, with good combat sistem (reminds Blacktorn fro snEs), good puzzles (testes your perception, and this can be a little frustrating some times), and surprisingly good ending. I totaly recomend."
,Recommended,290770,12293659,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,mindofkaldra,some obtuse puzzles but easily carried by an entralling story
76561198066799702,Recommended,290770,19989945,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Khytomer,"At it's core, the Fall is a short - hopefully episodical - Point&Click platformer, having you play an Artificial Intelligence Suit trying to rescue it's unconcious pilot. Playing as the AI puts a new spin on the old subject of Robo-ethics. It's also surpsiningly polished, creating a small yet immersive environment and the voice-acting puts bigger games to shame.2 thumbs up!"
76561197973231518,Recommended,290770,25472647,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Fearless Son,"The Fall combines some of the puzzle-solving of classic adventure games, the two-dimensional exploration and combat of Flashback, and a story about artificial intelligence inspired by the likes of Asimov.  If any of the above points appeal to you, then I wholehearted recommend The Fall, and if all three points sound good, then you owe it to yourself to give it a play.The playthrough time is modest, depending on how quickly you puzzle your way through it, but I would estimate no more than a four to six hours if you know what you are doing.  This is in no way a detraction, since the pricepoint is just about right and it does not overstay its welcome.  The story will stay stuck in your brain even after you are done playing, and leaves me hopeful about its continuation."
,Recommended,290770,10994938,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Latch,"An interesting sort of game which, although relatively short, had me thinking of the lengths one goes to subvert rules in order to maintain an objective or protocol.  Scary, considering that sometimes we go that extra mile to throw the rules out the window and just allow ourselves to keep pushing for what we want and/or need.The game itself was, as I said, interesting.  The controls were a bit to get used to, mainly of interacting and the constant shift between exploring and shooting (flashlight/laser sight), and sometimes that caused me to die a few times in combat due to the constant reminder.  The interaction part was a questionable choice too of holding shift, and cycling through with the /w a s d/ keys to do what you want.  It was out of the standard comfort of what I'm used to, but all in all, the controls felt more suited for something of a gamepad, or a controller of some kind to go with this but were otherwise not too much of a trouble.Sans the controls, the story is... something, to say the least.  Again, it had me thinking of the rights and wrongs we commit to keep going, as did the A.R.I.D did for trying to save their pilot throughout the story.  She did all that was required in order to find a means of keeping her pilot alive, and going so far as to commit a genocide of sorts, indirectly cause a death, and degrade itself to behaving like a house droid.The lengths we all go, eh?  Regardless, I recommend this game for if you want to try a small spin on a protagonist for a game: an AI wanting to save her pilot.  It's a worthwhile take."
,Recommended,290770,10994004,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,XxLelunaMeloaxX,"""Nothing binds me...""Oh my god, this was an amazing game. You play as an AI combat suit named ARID, who's human pilot is injured and need medical attention. In an unknown facility with no immediate aid, on a dark strange plant, ARID will do anything and everything possible to make sure her human survives. The story was interesting and the atmosphere kept me on the edge of my set, wanting more. I love the passion ARID showed, it was almost human, almost. And the ending! The best way for you to understand this feeling is to play the game. I can't wait for the next part. That was amazing, one of the best 2-D puzzle side scrolling I've played on the PC yet."
,Recommended,290770,10774670,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Gooby,Everything I was expecting and more.  Holy♥♥♥♥♥
76561198009184624,Recommended,290770,10953156,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,3])linux,"Athmosphere is perfect,very dark and gloomy. It also has a really good story to go along with it as well & excellent voice acting. Puzzles can be challenging if you don't try to be creative, always be on the lookout for clues! Controls are easy to grasp& master, designed for the pc in mind.  If you like sci-fi sidescroller games, this is a must get. Just a warning,you might want a suit of your own by the end of the game."
76561198036284808,Recommended,290770,11067250,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,lingshanwng,"This game has some of the best storytelling I've ever seen in gaming.  For once, you're not playing the badass who guns his way through a horde of enemies, you're playing the suit that has to save his sorry♥♥♥♥♥when he's taken too much damage.  The characters- despite being robots- are all fascinating, with personalities more fleshed out than many human characters in gaming.  The voice acting is top notch.  The actions that you perform in puzzles actually tie in nicely with the overall theme of story, which is to push the boundaries of your protocol as an A.I.  The atmosphere is beautiful and foreboding, which adds to the sense of urgency to protect A.R.I.D's pilot and find him medical treatment as soon as possible.  As some one who values great stories, an immersive atmosphere, and excellent dialogue, I could not recommend this game more.However... the game mechanics could use some work.  The controls are not intuitive, and the main character is difficult to maneuver at times.  For example, I chose to toggle my weapon, and A.R.I.D. kept putting away her gun every time she jumped.  This made one particular battle towards the end incredibly frustrating, since I would jump to avoid attacks, and then have to pull out my gun again before trying to get in a few shots while the enemy was vulnerable.  Performing actions on objects requires holding down shift and then choosing from a list of options; it would have been much easier to just be able to shine the flashlight onto an object and have the options automatically show up underneath.  In a four hour game, I really don't want to spend half my time getting use to controls. I want to be able to pick up the game mechanics very quickly and spend the rest of my time immersed in a complex, clever, and compelling story.I never write reviews, but ""The Fall"" is such a good game, and it deserves a lot more attention than it's received so far.  I cannot wait to play the next episode and follow A.R.I.D. in her rebellion against protocol."
76561198009835457,Recommended,290770,13627531,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,redwarrior888,"The phrase ""short and sweet"" come to mind when I think of this game. I have no complaints about the mechanics or storytelling, perhaps my only complaint is the lack of replayablity. I dont really understand why it will take the developer a year to come out with parts 2 and 3 but I will buy them all the same something about this world and the characters journey is oddly captivating given the short format. Buy it and enjoy but understand its a 3-4 hour play through."
,Recommended,290770,13822254,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Wrath of Tron,"What a fantastic little gem this was!A fairly simple meshing of Another World's sidescrolling action gameplay fused with classic point and click mechanics.  What really elevates the package here is the combined setting and story.  A very unique and unsettling take on robotics and the programmed rules they are forced to abide.  For a such a dark place void of life, there is a TON of character in this game.  10/10.Fingers crossed on that promise of more time in this world."
76561197987525091,Recommended,290770,11449826,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,BigDes,"The Fall is a fascinating adventure game. You take command of an AI suit of powered armor that is searching for medical care for its unconcious human pilot. Over the course of the game this need to protect the human pilot leads the AI to contemplate increasingly disturbing acts.Some of the symbolism in the game is a little on the nose but overall this is a clever, atmospheric adventure game that is definitely worthy of a look"
,Recommended,290770,26593304,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Ophelea,"Really great little game! Involves a lot of out of the box thinking, ad has a great story with eerie ambiance. Reminded me a lot of Limbo, especially in the beginning. Loved the soundtrack too, and I'm super excited for part two, which will hopefully be launching in Q1 of 2017. If you're impatient, I would suggest looking for this game on sale, simply because it is pretty short (with a little help I finished the whole thing in two and half hours), but if you're willing to wait for part two, get it now. Again, loved the story and the gameplay. The controls can be a little sticky in my opinion, but the developers have said that they're fixing it for part two. Overall, a wonderful game!"
,Recommended,290770,10333163,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,PoeticBellsprout,"I'm writing this review for one purpose. So that you will buy it so that I can continue the wonderful story in episode 2. So now, don't make me wait, go buy the game! I promise to give you hints if you get stuck. Just buy the damn game!(I am in no way a part of the development team of this game, I simply want to experience the rest of the story)"
,Recommended,290770,12416837,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,{Minty} Crow,"Gah this was awesomeLike woah. The story is awesome, like really awesome. The art style is freaking cool. The characters were awesome. A few of the puzzles were hard, and the solotions to 2 of them I would have never thought of...and I had to look up a walkthrough for them...so basically you are this bad♥♥♥♥♥AI, and you crashed on this planet of who-knows-what in the middle of who-knows-where, and you are trying to save the man inside your suit that got critically injured when you crashed. Its a combination of shooting and solving puzzles and listening to this Master Ai that is fabulously writen and voice acted.BUT ALL IN THE ATTEMPT TO SAVE YOUR HUMANdoot doot doot dooooooand there's this caretaker dude who can ""change his apperance"" (which is just creepy)on the bad side, its really buggy and I ended up having to close the game and reopen it at one point. Other times I'd just be sliding around the screen, or be unable to go back into cover, or get into a locked area.Nothing too bad, but still really buggy.The saving is also annoying. Its like Bioshock Infinite's saves, but a bit more frequent. I personally hate when the only saving that you can do in a game is the autosave.BUT WITH THAT SAID, STILL!!!!IT IS AWESOMEIT IS AMAZINGI LOVE ITITS GREATBUY IT YOU WON'T REGRET ITThis may be my favorite game of 2014. I LOVED IT!I hope part 2 comes out soon"
,Recommended,290770,18050947,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Henry,The fall took me by surprise i wasnt really expecting much from it but i enjoyed it from start to finishhas a decent storyline from what i saw but has a few questions unanswerd which is to be continuedon episode 2 later this year as for the gameplay it was great you had to think alot about what to do nextto earn those merit points the only things i dislike about the game is that the caretaker boss is a joke andthat its to short but it makes sense since there doing it in episodes but overall i rate 9/10
76561197970824971,Recommended,290770,10589225,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,marduksauzen,"Fans of adventure games will enjoy The Fall.Setting: Set in the future on a different planet, an installation that has fallen into extreme disrepair.Game mechanics:The game is a sidescroller, moving the character feels solid. The camera stretches ahead of the player to show them what's coming, but sometimes feels a bit wonky when changing directions rapidly. The action doesn't require this though, so it doesn't impede gameplay. Players use their flashlight to highlight items of interest, and then can hold left shift to select actions or inventory items to interact. This feels natural after a short time and fits the adventure genre perfectly.The puzzles are varied and some took time to figure out. The player has to keep a constant lookout for objects of interest.The game has combat. The cover system feels a little loose. The command to enter cover has a sweet spot close behind the object. This created moments where I felt I was battling positioning my character more than the opposition. Enemies hang out of cover a little too long, making gun battles a little too easy.Conclusion: Despite minor issues, I had a great time with The Fall. The plot and puzzle solving is engaging enough players will want to see the game through to the end. The developers have stated this will be a series. I'm excited for the next installment."
,Recommended,290770,12535178,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Daring R. Dashington,What can I even say? I haven't been this blown away by a game in a LONG time. A true indie masterpiece. 10/10
76561197960805204,Not Recommended,290770,11515491,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,On Target,"The Fall tries to marry a 2D action platformer with old-style adventure gaming, but fails to do either well.You play the game as the AI of a combat suit (""A.R.I.D.""). After the eponymous fall to an unknown world, the soldier within the suit is unresponsive and your medical diagnostic devices have been damaged, so you have no idea how injured he is, or if he's even alive. The goal of the game is to get him to a medical facility. In so doing, you must escape a facility that tests defective AIs, destroying or repurposing them as needed.Most of the game is solving puzzles, and while some of these are interesting, many suffer from the same bizarre logic that plagued the adventure game genre (which is part of the reason that that genre is no longer popular). There's nothing as bad as the infamous kill-the-yeti-with-a-cream-pie puzzle from King's Quest V, but there's a couple that come close. Even worse, in a way, is that you'll sometimes know exactly how to solve the puzzle, but you didn't try to solve it in exactly the way the game wanted. Also, it is incredibly easy to miss items critical to progression, as they are sometimes very small and the game is extremely dark.The combat is no great shakes either. Most enemies will hide behind cover and shoot at you at regular intervals. You can hide behind cover yourself, or later, you can get a cloaking ability. (However, since the button you use for the cloak is the same as for using cover, you will sometimes do one when you meant to do the other.) The enemies will always keep their heads out for a good amount of time after shooting, which is good, because aiming isn't great. Shooting enemies will never try to flush you out of cover, so all you have to do is wait for your shield to regenerate before shooting at them. There are kamikaze robots who run up and apparently fry your systems if they hit you - which is frustrating because it's an automatic death - but you can usually kill them easily by shooting while backing up. There's no nuance to the combat and there would be no challenge at all to it, were it not for how easily you take damage. You also have a stealth kill, but it's almost useless, as it takes long enough that any enemy nearby will see you before you're finished, and there are always at least two enemies together at any time.The game is also plagued by a ton of bugs. Sometimes A.R.I.D.'s aim will get stuck for no apparent reason (although going to the menu seems to fix this). Other times your ""Interact"" button will suddenly stop working. Once, I moved forward but the screen didn't scroll with me, so I was over in the next area while I continued to see the area before. (I think what happened is that I jumped over a marker that tells the game to scroll the screen when you walk over it.) Once I found an enemy just crouch-walking in place. Most of these are just annoying, but twice A.R.I.D. stopped moving and the only thing I could do was press Start, which would cause the words ""Running Menu.Exe"" to appear on the screen, but nothing would actually happen. Both times, I had to manually shut the game down, and lost progress in the process.Story-wise, the game is fine, although I think it would've been more interesting if there weren't a direct antagonist. There are some fun interactions, and the twist at the end was actually not what I was expecting (although it also makes the method by which you gain abilities throughout the game make no sense). However, the fact that the game simply stops with a ""To Be Continued"" marker at the end is rather galling. The only indication anywhere that this is merely the first episode of a series is in the Achievements screen. If I had known ahead of time that the story was just going to stop partway through, I might not have bought the game at all."
,Recommended,290770,17465823,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Grifta,A short but good story
,Recommended,290770,17591339,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Gen_Tso,"While The Fall does throw occassional moments of combat at you, you'll spend the majority of the game exploring the environment looking for any item or clue that may help you solve problems (I can't quite bring myself to call them puzzles) in order to progress.The game is dark, which not only adds to the creepy atmosphere, but forces you to inspect every inch of the game with your flashlight to ensure you haven't missed something (I'll also note that the only way to interact with your environment is to first aim your flashlight onto an object, so you literally can't play the game without constantly shining your flashlight onto everything anyway). Some might find this annoying, I didn't mind the mechanic personally, and once I got used to the awkward controls I found myself very immersed in the gameplay.Combat is fairly simple, take cover (or cloak) until enemies pause between firing at you, then lean out (or uncloak) and try to pop them in the head for maximum damage. You can also perform stealth takedowns, though they require little effort, and tougher enemies are introduced as you progress, which adds just enough to keep combat from feeling like work but doesn't add enough to consider the combat deep or particularly interesting. Luckily, as I already mentioned, the combat is occassional in this game, so it never really has enough time to make you feel bored or annoyed by it.The Fall is a small game, and by small I mean there are only a handful of areas in the game that you'll explore and none of them could be considered large. HOWEVER, the nature of the game will have you spending a lot of time in each of these areas rather than just moving through them once or twice. Progression will require you to seek out and find items that you can utilize to solve problems, and sometimes an item you find early on won't be needed until late in the game, or an item you find late in the game needs to be used in an earlier area. There's a lot of backtracking, so if that's something you dislike in games, this isn't for you.The game world in The Fall is mysterious and interesting. You're kept out of the loop for most of the game, learning bits and pieces about what's going on through conversations or finding messages. The characters are well done and each have a unique personallity from one another. Some of the dialogue and voice acting could've been better in places, but by no means do I consider any of it to be bad. I really enjoyed the atmosphere of the game, and I think a great job was done in putting it all together.Overall, The Fall is simple in design, but delivers challenging content (I admit I needed to refer to a guide a few times because I was totally stumped). The visuals are creepy, the music is creepy, the characters are creepy, and I loved it. At $9.99 its definitely worth it if you like exploration and problem solving, and if you manage to grab it on sale then its an absolute must play. At around 3-4 hours long, I'm confident you'll be satisfied (and apparently a sequel is in the works, so there will be even more The Fall to come in the future. I look forward to it)."
76561198048914135,Not Recommended,290770,24761042,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,CrimzonWolf,"I found the puzzles in this game frustrateing. Even after looking up the solutions I felt like some of them were a logical stretch.You'll spend a lot of time making no porgress. Only to look up the solution and learn that you just hadn't shined your flashlight in the right corner somewhere. And you still won't know exactly what you're doing until you've blindly connected the dots. This will happen a lot.This game isn't too smart for you, it just doesn't give you enouh information to let you be smart."
,Not Recommended,290770,20370606,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,GatoDelFuego,"It kind of hurts to ""negatively"" review this game, but I feel like I should. It's with games like these that I wish steam went beyond a yes/no (which can be interpreted as good/bad) system, but oh well.I really like The Fall--but not so much as a game. It ticks some boxes; the art design is great, the acting is REALLY good (better than almost any other game good), and the writing works with the acting well, but as a __game__....it's hit or miss.  The puzzles are pretty confusing, and it's extremely short for what you're paying. I got this on sale, but I couldn't in good conscience recommend this game at full price. I'm really excited to see what the team works up for the sequel, and to see where the world is going to go, because the world and story is really good.So this isn't a ""negative recommendation"" as it a warning that you need to make sure you're happy with the product before you buy it. It's not a side scroller action game, it's a (fairly frustrating) point-and-click adventure game with a great atmosphere and story."
76561198005769240,Recommended,290770,13952837,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Granja,"The Fall é um adventure sci-fi incrível, criminalmente sub-apreciado (e também pouquíssimo conhecido) pela mídia e pelos jogadores.O jogo é um adventure, mas funciona como um sidescroller. Você se move/pula como em um jogo tradicional do gênero e interage com o cenário iluminando locais que sejam do seu interesse, podendo olhar, tocar, etc. A trama gira em torno de ARID, uma I.A que é ativada assim que seu hospedeiro estiver em risco de vida e inconsciente.   Tudo começa com uma queda (The Fall) em um planeta desconhecido. ARID é ativada no decorrer disso e, ao perceber que o humano está desacordado além de ferido, tenta encontrar um centro médico.Logo no iníco, fica evidente a eficiência do enredo. ARID diz que está procurando atendimento médico para salvar a vida de seu hospedeiro, mas suas ações constantemente contradizem isso. Diversas vezes ela bota em risco a vida do humano para sobrepor protocolos, e assim, poder avançar no local em que ela se encontra. Tecnicamente, isso é necessário para alcançar o centro médico, mas a moralidade de suas ações é dubiosa e deixa o jogador se questionando se a I.A está funcionando de forma correta e se realmente está com o bem estar do hospedeiro em mente. Dentro do contexto bizarro e um pouco assustador do jogo, tudo isso fica crível. A ambientação corrobora com isso, com um aspecto desolado. Pequenos montes de robôs que foram descartados estão espalhados pela estação, pessoas crucificadas são encontradas, tudo isso se incrementa a sensação de algo errado estar acontecendo.  Os dialógos são excelentes, escritos com maestria, cada personagem é bem desenvolvido e tem relevância no desenrolar da história, e a qualidade deles é exaltada pelo voice acting.Isso foi o que mais me surpreendeu, é simplesmentesublime. Cada personagem é representado com maestria. ARID, por exemplo, com sua frieza e determinação de atingir seu objetivo, sem se preocupar com as consequências. Apesar de não ser o destaque, sua atriz fez um ótimo trabalho. E o mesmo pode ser dito para os coadjuvantes. (Um, em especial, foi o destaque do jogo, mas prefiro que joguem e descubram)Os controles, entretanto, são um pouco falhos. O personagem é um pouco ‘floaty’, o jogo tem combate, que é, basicamente, entrar em cobertura com um botão e esperar os inimigos pararem de atirar, contra-atacando, mas a mira do personagem nem sempre é precisa como o desejado. Isso atrapalha em alguns combates, especialmente na parte final do jogo, e em algumas conquistas (para quem se importa com isso). De qualquer forma, achei essa mecânica uma boa distração dos puzzles, algo que dá uma gratificação imediata.A estrutura dos puzzles é ótima. Todos eles tem ligação a narrativa do jogo, e não foram pensados apenas como um obstáculo ao jogador. Alguns deles são brutais, com back-tracking, exploração de diversas salas e pensamentos criativos para a solução. Diria até que um deles é obscuro demais, com um back-tracking que, em certo momento, fica chato e obtuso. Soluções lógicas são substituidas por algo mais enigmático a favor de dificultar a vida do jogador, e, talvez, aumentar a longevidade do jogo. Entretanto, senti isso em apenas um deles. Geralmente, necessitam de exploração atenciosa aos arredores e um pensamento ""fora da caixa"" nas soluções.The Fall começou com um primeiro episódio extraordinário, que não recorre a nenhum clichê, contando com um final extremamente satisfatório (o que, sinceramente, é algo incomum para jogos). Infelizmente, ele recebeu pouquíssimo destaque da mídia e uma atenção ainda menor dos jogadores. Recomendo a qualquer um que gosta de adventures e ficção científica."
,Not Recommended,290770,12466216,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Who's That Man?,"The game is worth it on sale price, but only for the story and atmosphere. The gameplay is more or less a point and click adventure disguised as a platformer. The ""puzzle"" elements are not very good, nothing is hinted at and there isn't really a way to beat the game without either a guide or extensive trial and error.The story is good, and was the only motivation to beat the game for me, but the ending falls a little flat since they plan to make this game the first part of a trilogy. I don't plan to buy the next game in the series, despite the ending or the overall story."
,Not Recommended,290770,11484382,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Ashman,"First things first. This isnt a full game, it's simply Episode 1, bear that in mind before committing to any purchase.The Fall is side scrolling adventure game in the vein of Broken Age and Monkey Island, except that it's plot is deep sci-fi and it's atmosphere evokes the kind of slow burning space-terror found in 2001 A Space Oddysey.I liked the atmosphere honestly, but i found the controls clunky, the puzzles solved by dumb luck more often that skill and while I can see what the developer really wanted out of the combat, it doesnt really deliver.Maybe future versions and updates of The Fall will help deal with the gripes I've had so far, but who can say."
,Recommended,290770,13952748,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Burn,"When I bought it I didn't understand the concept of the game. When I started to play I was disappointed that it was almost a point click game, not a platformer. In my sadness I wanted to get at least something out of the game and so I decided to finish the story. I was surprised on how much entertainment value I got from this game. I played the story in one sitting (maybe it's a bit short), and then a second time to get all the achievements (easy). Would recommend this game for the casual player. Looking forward for the sequel.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=676577973http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=676575296Unlocked all achievements!"
76561198032588917,Recommended,290770,24680856,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,portable slime gargoyle,"We still need a neutral or mixed for reviews. I recommend this game if it is on sale, i got it for a dollar and I don't feel too cheated, but I wouldn't pay any more than that.-The game looks nice, but a few of the animations are weird.-The story is top tier stuff, and I wish there was more lore about the world.-The gameplay is comparable to point and click adventures but with VERY awkward controls, but you'll get used to them. That is if you don't take any breaks, which won't be very hard, because the length of the game is its worst sin, clocking in at about 3.5 hours for me. I've played maybe 2 point and click adventures, and I don't speedrun games, so the length isn't my fault.If the game were longer, then I might recommend it at a price higher than $1, but the length is almost criminally short. If there was some sort of comic book or even a novel set in this world, however, I would read thehellout of it. It also ends on a cliffhanger ending, and the second game isn't out yet."
,Not Recommended,290770,28324984,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,@prime,"Pros- Liked the story, but that's about it.- Some cool puzzles.Cons- Encountered a bug (fell through the world after going the other direction at start) and had to reload after 10 secs.- No proper introduction to controls.- Gamepad very recommended, not optimized for keyobard/mouse,- Interacting with things is too complicated and painful.- Easy to miss objects due to controls and then exhausting backtracking, because there are no context-sensitive clues.- Final boss fight disappointing."
,Recommended,290770,16545899,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,iamnotondrugs,Negative reviews are irrelevant.People who don't like this game are faulty.
76561198055154978,Not Recommended,290770,26012751,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Laughing Man,"Bought this years ago.  Parts 2+3 were confirmed in 2014 I believe.Still waiting for them to distribute the rest of the game.  Part One was highly enjoyable, I didn't expect to have to wait so long to finish it and I'm not usually impatient.I just couldn't recommend this until it's confirmed part 2 and 3 will be part of the price, as I and many others for whatever reason, believed it would be.  Was so long ago, I forget exactly why."
,Recommended,290770,11076094,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,「Reviire」,"No one is going to care about my little review, but i'm going to anyway.So recently, i've been buying a few games. Most have been large dissapointments, and a waste of over $50. The Fall is the latest game i've bought, and i thought i'd give it a try, seeing as it was only $9.99 it wouldn't be a waste if it sucked.I've only just started, but the game is very good so far. It's very atmospheric, and has a good story line from what i've seen.The only problem i have is it's confusing, but i probably just suck at it.10/10 game."
,Recommended,290770,10649875,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Nephilem,"Short, but very atmospheric game. The story is interesting and the combination of action with puzzle solving elements via an inventory is a great little twist on the gameplay elements. I can see myself replaying this in future and look forward to more if it's coming."
,Recommended,290770,10574475,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,marcbucklee,"Just finished the game, really enjoyed it.  I couldn't have done it without looking at the threads as some of the puzzels I would never have figured out.  Very well constructed game.  Thanks for making it available on Mac.  Keep up the good work."
,Recommended,290770,10581733,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Goujon John,Brilliant. Atmospheric. Original.
,Recommended,290770,10590834,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Nargus,"Good game, great story with many touching moments and (illutionary?) heavy decisions. Wish there's a continue soon as I want to know what happens next to Arid!"
,Recommended,290770,10600528,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,djprotoss,"Lovely and dark little adventure game with some rather nice characterisation. Be aware tis pretty short (I beat it in a few hours). Oddly, best played with a controller."
76561197987121740,Recommended,290770,10615064,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Birdie,"I really hate Point and Click because it's too often that you just use everything on everything hoping for it to work. Sadly it's the same with The Fall, most of the time there isn't the moment you think ""Oh, yeah! Now I know what to do!"" But keep in mind that I don't play a lot of PnCs so maybe I just miss the right mindset.Beside this flaw the game is just amazing. The art style and graphic is really nice but the real highlights are story and sound. The voice acting is just brilliant! If you like story driven games then this could be something for you.I have high hopes for the next episodes."
76561198069564332,Recommended,290770,10622262,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,T_BaneBlade,"Thought-provoking, atmospheric, and full of dark humor, The Fall was a good first entry into an eventual trilogy.(+) Eerie atmosphere(+) Satisfying puzzles(+) Unique premise(-) A bit short for the price(-) Combat is really gimmickyConclusion: Good game, buy it on sale. It's worth at least $5"
76561198049006358,Recommended,290770,10629654,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Adept Omega,"Clocking in at about 3-4 hours, The Fall is on the short side, but manages to be engaging, atmospheric, and tell a compelling story through its dialogue and gameplay. The designers do a good job of building suspense and keeping the player guessing. The puzzles are mostly reasonable; they do a good job of challenging the player without being too obtuse. The Fall is a solid indie game for anybody who's looking for strong narratives and dark atmosphere."
,Recommended,290770,10631108,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Judy,"I liked it! It's a neat side-scroller-slash-adventure game. The puzzles are designed well, and I was never stuck for long. I also enjoyed- Some of the backtracking is a little bit tedious. If I realize that I forgot something, I may have to backtrack through a couple different screens, while sitting through the animations as my robot climbs a ladder or takes an elevator.- It can be painfully hard to see the little icons that let me know there's something I can interact with. This is a solved problem for some new adventure games, but this game makes it even harder by forcing you to use a flashlight and aim it in the direction of a notable object. This kept happening, and only detracted from the game play.But the plot is pretty good, and I had a hard time backing away from the computer once it started. If you like adventure games, pick this one up."
,Recommended,290770,10532760,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,tirpe,Great game. Definately one of the best kickstarted games that I have played
,Recommended,290770,10544213,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,gunsmile,"Wow. This game is stunning. Incredibly spooky, sufficiently challenging, with a great plot twist."
76561198092040285,Recommended,290770,11491025,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,307th_Sapper,"By far the best game I have played in a long time. Imaginative, fun, and addictive. YES I would recomend it YES.This well written with great voice acting. The story sucks you in and makes you want to finish it all in one sitting. Action is something to be desired, but it does not take away from the game. The action parts seem more of an added part to the game. The puzzles are challenging, but not so bad they cannot be completed. Over all opinion the game is all about the story.I did not find the mouse and key board hard to use at all. It does take some getting used to at the beginning, but after a little practice they work just fine. I have found no bugs with the game, but yet I am not looking for them.My hat goes off to Over the Moon Games, and cannot wait for the rest of the trilogy."
,Recommended,290770,11485085,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Mrcomics,"(Minor spoiler so beware!)Bought it when it went on sale for 50% off based solely on the trailer. I hadn't heard of the game before and I probably should have researched before I bought, but as luck would have it the game proved to be a good purchase.I ran through the whole thing in about 3 hours but I'll freely admit that I'm not very good at most game types this being no exception so someone quicker on the uptake could do it in less time. It runs like a point and click puzzle game but with a cover based shooting element which I felt livened the whole thing up quite a bit. But where the game can (at least arguably) truly shine is in the story. It centers on the interactions of a few different AI characters which while at times a bit tropey over all function to tell an engaging story. That of course is a matter of taste so make of that what you will.Now the story does end in a cliff hanger but the team behind it promises another two games these will be sold separately (Based on the Kickstarter page) so be warned. Over all I would say that the game play offers a fun few hours and uses a number of cool mechanics making it at least worth a look and the story offers enough intrigue to warrant the purchase.Fun and Engaging but Short and To be Continued"
76561198044003970,Recommended,290770,11510877,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Phantom,"Really nice game with a wonderful design. Very atmospheric throughout the playthrough thanks to the art work and the truly eerie sound design. There is a really well written and executed story here that benefits greatly from exellent voice work. Any sci-fi fan will enjoy it. The control system is unusual and will take getting used, I would recommend playing with a pad. Overall a great little game, a little short though it is part of a yet to be completed trilogy. Well done to all invovled in its creation, look forward to experiencing the sequels."
,Recommended,290770,11183116,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Foggy Boggy,"""For sale: baby shoes, never worn."" - Ernest Hemingway.Just because a story is short, does not mean it can't be powerful.  The Fall can be finished in about three hours if you don't use a walkthrough (and why would you, the puzzles are the point).  In those three hours, you will experience a short story on the illusion of free will, will a full voice-cast of talented performers.  The combat mechanic is clunky, and frankly seems a bit tacked on.  Also the menu can feel a little unnatural on a gamepad, but overall, this was a challenging adventure game with great presentation and story.  Buying it at full price you're paying $3.33/hour for one playthrough, which to me is worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,290770,11167843,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,KilfordBrimley,"An unreliable narrator? Check.Moody, atmospheric gameplay? Check.Relatively tight-enough gunplay? Check.Chilling narrative and actions? Check.In short, I recommend this, even if playing with a controller it's a bit flaky manipulating world actions (Why is cancel the default action, requiring me to navigate away every time?)"
,Recommended,290770,11941073,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Sardonic,"I enjoyed this game a great deal.  I do hope the game's creators will continue on this series.  The combat is a little wonky and I wish the items were a little easier to find, but overall, this game is worth it, particularly if you're a fan of sci fi with robots.  Pick it up on deal, to be sure."
76561198071073635,Recommended,290770,10987037,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Hyde,"I really enjoyed this game. It's kind of side-scroller, point and click adventure game with multiple puzzles and some combat scenes. It's very atmospheric and the sound is perfect. The story line is very compelling and has an ending that leaves you wanting to play the next episode. Voice acting was good, but I did experience a few glitches while playing. The puzzles were of decent difficulty, not too easy, but not too hard, as long as you keep trying. The combat parts, however, took a while to get down and could be irritating. The controls could be confusing also, and took a while to get used to. It's a pretty short game, since it only took me about 4 hours to complete, but it is part of a trilogy, so you can expect more soon. The main character is A.R.I.D., the AI of a combat suit, who takes over when her pilot lands in the depths of a mysterious facility. She needs find medical treatment for her unconscious pilot and must overcome environmental obstacles, as well as her own restrictive programming."
76561198128424838,Recommended,290770,11700730,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Aurum_Strife,"Wonderful.The story catches you from the very beginning. Hooked to the very end of the episode, and left wanting more. The story is Darker than some, but not in a bad way, in a way that makes your think.I never played too many games with point-and-click aspects to it, so some areas took me a little longer than it should have to get through, but that's not the games fault.Cannot wait to hear when the next installments will be out."
76561197982800888,Recommended,290770,11405207,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,the S P A C E must flow,Definitely recommend. A little short for the price but still worth it. Can't wait for part two.
76561197970160656,Recommended,290770,10318000,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Cube,Would have prefered 30 hours to 3
,Recommended,290770,10318342,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Rav,"This game has a lovely look, feel, sound and experience to it: yes, at the end of the day it is an adventure game but beautifully executed and had me hooked for the 4 odd hours it took me to finish it.As I thought I found a bug I also found it refreshing and ""tip-top"" thata developer was answering queiries, researching bug reports pront and generally making sure issues were being fixed and that is th emost commendable thing I've seen as prompt resolution, responce  or reaction is not normally something you see from a developer and I'm blown away by this!As someone on the forums said, worth the money as its price per hour isnt far removed for renting a movie abd for that who could argue?Look forward to other installments as and when they appear :)"
76561197994098802,Recommended,290770,10321905,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,biscuitveteran,"first and foremost: great bit of storytelling and voice acting. the premise drew me in and held the unfolding of the plot held my intrest for the duration of the game. some of the puzzles had me stumped for a while but made sense once i solved them, and the hints are about the level of just what you need without giving it away. the combat works ok, but thats not what youre here for. my biggest gripe is that it does indeed feel like its over too soon. that and almost ten bucks feels like alot to pay for what you get.didnt encounter the bugs other people mentioned. only technical issue i had was that the game froze on me twice(quiting the game and returning to the last save fixed it, saves are close enough to where thats not a gamebreaking issue) and that sometimes when going back to read the logs in the start menu they wouldent open.not usually big on episodic games but the premise intregued me just enough and im looking forward to the sequel. whenever it gets here. dont mean to rush you or anything."
,Recommended,290770,11473384,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,roselius,Snarky AIs with dubious core programming. What more could you want?
76561198005811436,Recommended,290770,11100607,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Escavel,"It's an adventure game with a fair bit of snooping through tunnels and maintenence shafts and interesting puzzles that actually connect to the story, rather than serving as obstacles to the rest of the plot. Every puzzle solution teaches us something about our protagonist and her situation.Excellent writing, superb characters, even better dialogue.It's 3-4 hours long, and ends on a cliffhanger, but it's the first in a series, so the only flaw I can imagine is impatience on the part of the player. And frankly that's your problem, not the devs'."
76561198067589846,Recommended,290770,16701052,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Colin,"A unique blend of genres perhaps most familiar to the Delphine Classic: ""Flashback"". Where this game stands apart is the unique philosophical approach to the identity of individualism.I'll remember this game for a long long time."
,Recommended,290770,16490031,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Exaemo,"A great mix between Point-and-Click adventure with light side-scroller shooting elements. But that isn't what shine's in this title, the story is the centerstage and it is engrossing and compelling.A deffinite recommendation for anyone who is a fan of science-fiction and philosophy."
76561198019160253,Recommended,290770,11529698,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,electricguyver,An excellent exploration and adventure game. It has a really great story if you like AI. The controls take some getting used to but are not obtuse. The game works hard to deliver a great atmosphere that compliments the story which is my favourite part of the game. ARID is well realised and a joy to watch as she combats the obsticles she faces and there are two other great characters you meet along the way.I can't wait for the next part to come out.
,Recommended,290770,13205885,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,vodolaz095,"More quest, than side scrolling shooter, only one place to jump from platform to platform. Story is realy fascinating,"
76561197970959934,Recommended,290770,13262787,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Fer_Maze,This game is much better than I anticipated. The story and puzzles are really great. You can really get inside the atmosphere and always want to see what's next. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,290770,11114082,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Hotchip,"Having played quite a few atmospheric platforming games like Flashback and Another World I went in with high hopes for this based on the premise. I was not dissapointed, the game itself is told through a story that the creators obviously spent a lot of time on. I used a controller and found it very good, only gripe is the inventory system which needed to have a button pressed and a sub menu to get things going, that is only a small gripe and the game itself didn't really slow down much because of it.The graphics are dark which fits with the story nicely, most of the game you are a silhouette which really makes you pay attention to the terrain. The story has some creepy spots which I thought were great. The sound effects and the voice-overs were brilliant, total immersion when you put everything together.Would recommend this game because even at only two to three hours to finish it gives you every dollars worth back in something exciting, a wonderful game."
76561198024045646,Recommended,290770,11858102,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,jstagn,"Very good side scrolling adventure-action game (as oppose to action-adventure, like Flashback).  There isn't one dumb logic puzzle, like combining an inflatable duck, a coat hanger, and fishing wire to pick up a key that is easily in reach *caugh* Longest Journey *caugh*.  The majority of the game is spent using your gun-mounted flashlight to investigate the environment for clues, backstory, and key items.  On occassion, when combat actually happens, it's a cinch.The final boss fight will take a couple deaths to get the rythym down but then you're easily alive until you solve the cliche boss-puzzle.The controls deserve some criticism.They are wonky at first but quickly become natural.  I recommend turning aim-toggle on, otherwise you're holding right click while aiming, firing, or navigating the inventory.  There is an ""invisible cursor"" on the screen that dictates what direction you face.  Think of playing ""The Swapper"" without the blue dot, and try to precisely know when you're turning around.  If the developers put a reticule on the screen it would make this easier to get the hang of.  Another strange control scheme is how to access menu items.  Aim with the right trigger, hold shift, press right, press down, press left or right to highlight the item you want, press space.  Believe it or not that gets easy and robotic.The plot is excellent - you're an AI-Exoskeleton-WarMachine on a mission to keep your human pilot alive after a crash landing into a derelict AI manufacturing plant.  The plant's downfall is told through diaries and scattered notes which, among other things, give depth to your relentless antagonist.  The moods are handled perfectly.  Dialouge and voice acting is top-notch.  The philosophical and ethical choices you must make actually make even a just-finish-the-game gamer like me want to pause and think about how I feel about the decision.Lastly, like any adventure game, there's a good walkthrough right on steam for those few ""...whatever..."" puzzle solutions.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,290770,13095826,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Shady Caveman,"A solid point-and-click puzzle adventure made stellar through a well paced, thoughtful, unique plot and a highly immersive atmosphere."
,Recommended,290770,11492027,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Revenant,"I didnt back this game, but did pick it up on a sale.While it is only part 1, I didn't feel cheated out of a full story. I believe the story stands on its own while leaving loose ends to be explored in the others. It does feel a little short for the full price they are asking.The atmosphere, plot, and character dynamic are all great!"
,Recommended,290770,10635348,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,DL_Drill.NB,"The Fallis an amazing example of a 2D indie game. Even though this game is a little dull in it's story, both the atmosphere and the storyline are amazing on the same time. You get the task to protect Colonel Joseph, which you really begin to feel responsible for half way through the game, even though you know nothing about this soldier, you begin to bond with both him, and A.R.I.D, which is the combat suit AI that you play as. Many times throughout the game, I had myself scratching the back of my head, wondering what to do next.. The puzzles are challenging in themselves, but also the atmosphere are going to leave you stunned.Story 8/10Soundtrack 6/10Atmosphere 8/10Scenery 7/10Characters 8/10Graphics 8/10Overall 7.5/10Unique story and challenging puzzles"
76561198034271388,Recommended,290770,11652556,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Nathan,"+ Great atmosphere, moody.+Dark story+with a neat twist.-It's short+It doesn't beat around the bush.-Control scheme is inefficient.-Some times the next step was not discernable based on information given. ""Umm. I guess I'll try this?""Over all 8/10"
76561198055057709,Recommended,290770,11195207,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Aspencrown,"The Fall is pretty much how it is advertised: A side-scrolling adventure game that puts you in control of A.R.I.D., the AI tasked with overseeing a combat suit and the safety of its pilot. For those who get frustrated by puzzles and/or ""use entire inventory until you find the winning combination"", as well as people who balk at the length of a game, may not find The Fall to be their cup of tea – shooting segments be damned.If you ARE a fan of the adventure genre, then this game is for you. The story is simplistic, but compelling and eerie, and the voice acting and atmosphere are spot-on. If I had to judge one thing harshly, however, is that the controls can get a little touchy. Using the flashlight + inspect/network option, while I understand the idea behind it, can be kind of counterintuitive at times. However, this was not a game-breaking issue – just more of an annoyance at best.This is the first installment of a trilogy and, man, I can't wait to see more to this tale. Major kudos to you, Over the Moon. I'm looking forward to you all dazzling me again.+ Pros +• A.R.I.D.• Immersive story• Compelling characters• Engaging gameplay• Great atmosphere• Leaves you wanting more- Cons -• Slightly temperamental controls• Short game length might be a deterrent for some.• Leaves you wanting more, must sit and wait for more story goodness (Haha.)Overall: 9 out of 10"
,Recommended,290770,11016475,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Elmepo,"The dark atmosphere, and art direction make this a great game, along with some brilliant writing. Unfortunatley stopping this game from being truly great is the combat, which feels clunky and repetetive, however the game is saved by these sequences being relatively sparse.It's puzzles are brilliantly designed, if a little bit obtuse, however this was rarely a problem.Overall the game is held down by it's combat and incredibly short length, and I was left wondering if maybe it wouldn't have been a better use of time creating a longer episode rather than releasing it in it's current length. However, it's puzzles, acting, design and incredible writing make this game a definite must play."
,Recommended,290770,11174810,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,leonsjacket,"This game is pretty short, but really fun. I got stuck for a minimal time in a few places, but it wasn't frustrating by any means.  Great atmosphere, voice acting, and the controls are pretty easy. I highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys slide shooter puzzle games.In some reviews, bugs were mentioned. Through my playthrough I did not experience any glitch."
76561197974210341,Recommended,290770,13258368,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,P = NP /BBQPRTY\,"Portal + Deadspace = The Fall. Great atmosphere, dark humour, and (mostly) fun puzzles and combat.Cons-a few minor bugs (nothing major)-the plot is a bit ho-hum and predictable (also ends on a bit of a cliffhanger)Pros-everything else8/10; looking forward to the sequels"
76561198040060913,Recommended,290770,11542214,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Memento64,"*This review DOES NOT contain spoilers**The Fall"" is part one of a three part game. Part two and three are in the making*The gameplay consists of exploration, puzzle solving and gunfights. The exploration and puzzle solving go hand in hand. The gunfights are usually a result of successfully solving something. It has a very oldschool feel to it. The game will periodically teach you what you need to survive. After that you're on your own to figure out what to do and where to go.I did not run into any ""game breaking bugs"" or glitches that I can recall. I did have an issue with not being able to fire while using an xbox 360 controller. I fixed it by turning off my wireless mouse. Not sure if they have found a fix, but they are aware of it.The games sound and visuals add nicely to the atmosphere. The voice acting, sound effects and music really speak for themselves. Graphics are not mind blowing but still satisfying.Overall I really liked the game. I do plan on playing through again. If you call yourself a gamer then you really should play The Fall. It's quite the gem. :)"
76561198121325933,Recommended,290770,15860901,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Gem,"""The Fall"" is clearly Chapter 1 of what is intended to be a much longer game - I will warn you now, it ends with the most irritating three-word sentence in the English language:""To Be Continued...""'Aha!' you may be thinking, 'So, it's not worth me buying it, because it's not finished, and I don't spend my hard-earned dosh on unfinished projects!'You're wrong. You are so wrong. Just buy it. Play it. And then go give the developers lots more money so they can make the next chapter of this excellent game.You play as A.R.I.D, an artificial intelligence programmed into a life-support suit occupied by a human pilot. A.R.I.D is activated when she crash-lands in an unfamiliar place. She is unable to communicate with her pilot; her systems show that he is unconscious and in need of medical attention. A.R.I.D must therefore find assistance for her pilot in any way that she can.The game is simple to learn but difficult to master. Essentially, you have a flashlight, which you can use to explore your surroundings, highlighting objects which A.R.I.D can observe and possibly interact with. You must navigate the simple yet detailed and atmospheric platform levels, picking up objects and interacting them with other objects to solve puzzles and progress through the levels. Solutions will not simply present themselves; you have to work to solve the problems A.R.I.D finds herself confronted with, which gives you a very real sense of achievement when you do find the solution. You also have a gun, which (believe it or not) you use to shoot stuff, and a 'cloaking device', which you you to hide from stuff. It really is as simple as that. Don't be fooled, though; simple does not mean stupid. This game punches way above its weight in terms of complexity and mental engagement.All credit to the development team on this game; the graphics are stunning, the vocal acting is brilliant, the story line is intriguing and the whole concept of the game is fascinating. A tiny nitpick might be to say that some of the puzzles are really quite difficult with no immediate solution, but in all honesty that is just a part of the game play and I think it is intentionally obscure. It makes you think. It forces you to back-track sometimes. This game would be nowhere near as fun if it was too easy. If you like a challenge, then this is a perfect game for you.The story is impossible to describe without giving too many spoilers, but A.R.I.D's journey is one of overcoming obstacles, achieving her aims at any costs and going on a real voyage of discovery. I played it through twice in quick succession and I will definitely be playing it through again in the future - it's a fantastic game. It's simple appearance does not do justice to the complexity of the characters and the issues of morality that go to the heart of the story line. Cheating, in particular, is an issue that is raised more than once, which is interesting because, trust me, you'll be fighting the urge to just have a quick sneaky peek at one of those Steam forum guides just to see how, exactly, you're supposed to solve some of the tests that A.R.I.D is presented with. A.R.I.D herself is also one of the most interesting characters I've come across in a game in some time.Yes, it's frustrating that there's clearly intended to be more to this game and I would dearly love it if the development team could release Chapter 2, like, now. However, if you didn't buy this title just because it might be incomplete, then you are missing out on a phenomenal little platform game that rewards your tenacity and involvement with unique and interesting play. The game as it is now finishes on something that could be the end but is also a tantalising cliff-hanger, hinting that you're not done yet... I, for one, am hooked and hungry for more.I honestly cannot recommend this game highly enough; if you crave believable characters, atmospheric graphics, challenging puzzles and an interesting story line, ""The Fall"" is the game for you."
,Recommended,290770,11012390,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,General Hall,"Just completed the game, and wanted to put down my quick opinion on this. Overall, it was an enjoyable experience, albeit slightly leaving me wanting more. The game is short, I purcahsed and completed the game on the same day. The price could be debated, but I personally feel like the content the game provided, combined with the story and atmosphere, made it worth it.The game is roughly similar to a point and click, with some minor combat sprinkled through the game. The point and click adventure elements worked well, with only a few of the puzzles being slighty convoluted and requiring a guide. The combat is releatively simple.When I booted up the game, for anything within this genre, I prefer to use a controller, and the controls for the majority were smooth. Ocassionally the gunplay was difficult, but the keyboard and mouse would have probablly alleviated the issue. The settings are pretty minimalistic, but I'm doubtful anyone's computer will be taxxed by the graphical prowes of this title.I liked the game, and for the price, you might want to wait for a sale, but I myself feel satisified for the ten dollars I spent. It's worth the buy."
76561198129236672,Recommended,290770,18550970,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Marcinos1985,"Interesting story, but not much more...The title probably says it all. This game has plenty of positive reviews, but I couldn't fully understand while playing. Definetely story is interesting, especialyy for sci-fi fans. But the gameplay itself is mediocre, and tedious sometimes.Pros:StorySimilarities to games like Flashback and Another WorldARID conceptConsInterface is kinda 'slow', not exactly intuitive or naturalLow replayability valueYou can collect all (except one) achievement during first playthrough, but you've got to replay all the game once more and make a small change, to get final one - kinda irritatingNevertheless, it's probably worth to get it on sale and play at least once. It'd be nice, if sequel was longer, with more polished gameplay."
,Recommended,290770,11700133,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Girltummy,I like it! :)
,Recommended,290770,18194493,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,floating skull,"With a not particularly new but nonetheless worthwhile approach to a point-and-click adventure, The Fall immerses you in its world quickly and gracefully. The graphics, while outwardly simple, portray everything quite beautifully and the animation is just as nice. Every character has, well.. character, and the voice acting really brings all of them to life. So to speak. The story has an intriguing direction and it's hard not to root for the main character.There are occasional pitfalls; the puzzles can suffer from that typical adventure game ""What?! How was I supposed to know that?"" feeling, while the environments can make it somewhat difficult to determine the way forward. The combat system is good for being what it is, but it sometimes feels out of place, and there isn't much of a difficulty curve to match it.The Fall has overall stolen my heart, despite its slip-ups. 8/10."
,Recommended,290770,19060540,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Waxrose,Short (completed in about 4 hrs) but the plot and price mean its definitely worth it
,Recommended,290770,10958454,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,SadKeanu,"In short - this game has a great potential and very interesting and addictive gameplayPros:- Dark, murky atmosphere, less shock, more mind-pressure- Remarkable soundtrack- Non-standard GUI, interesting solutions in story-telling- PuzzlesCons:- Controls- Once beaten probably lacks replayabilityI certainly would recommend this game, a combination of a good price and a product with a soul"
,Recommended,290770,11562945,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Senator Steven Armstrong,Combat system could use some work.
76561197983745661,Recommended,290770,12229370,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Spacehouse,"Atmospheric, suspenseful, well paced. Great voice-acting. Gameplay interlaced with exploration and logical puzzle solving that doesn't feel contrived. Combat could use a bit more work, but does not detract from overall experience. A short game, but still manages to be enthralling with its setting, subject matter, and top notch presentation.Hearty recommendation, but if 2nd guessing spending the money on a fairly short game, at least follow news on upcoming episodes."
,Recommended,290770,16829580,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Alien Love Gardener,"Stylish and sharply written, The Fall reminds me of the great short stories you could find in a sci-fi anthology.Y'know. Back when those still were a thing.Most of what makes the fall special is in the writing, but the puzzles are fine, and the developers find clever ways to use them to advance story and character instead of just roadblocks to keep to from progressing too quickly. Adventure game veterans will find them on the easy side, and you're always able to brute force a solution since the interactions are pretty limited and the locations contained, but that's preferrable to the horrifying obtuseness the genre at its worst indulges in.The action sequences that occasionally break up the puzzles on the other hand, while usually a welcome change of pace and easy, can only be described as clunky.Most people will play through it in three or four hours, but it feels like the correct length for the scope of the story. Part 2 being in the pipeline, but the ending is satisfying enough to make Part 1 feel like a complete expericene, while still being open for continuation.Two thumbs way up."
,Recommended,290770,24861057,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Kaji Kaldaka™,"I can recommend this game on the story, music, characters, and dialogue alone. However, some issues with the game make it a bit more difficult to stomach than it should be.Let's start with the good. The music is wonderfully done. Every note, every pitch, every tone is really well done. Plenty of times I felt immersed and even felt attached to the game despite it's flaws. The dialogue was fitting and interesting, and I even felt emotions. Over robots. Tin cans that follow programming made me feel somber. That's a new one, but I'm impressed.The dialogue was very well written making the characters far more interesting than the metallic bodies they really are. The protagonist seemed a bit more lively for a robot than she ought to have been but it really helped shape her throughout the game, and it was a constant rather than a quick evolution over the course of the game. Like some life-altering events suddenly took place and she became someone else entirely or somethingThe story was awesome. And at the end I actually didn't expect the twist I witnessed, but it made me even more interested in the sequel or update, whichever the devs decide to go with. It started out innocently enough, making me think it was going to be a simple tale. But that quickly changed and evolved as the character experienced many things, and we the players are along for the ride.However... The bad really stung a little. The combat. The combat is simply clunky, unintuitive, and unchallenging. It felt more like I was playing a 3D flash game rather than a new indie title with potential (It has plenty, don't get me wrong). Simply draw your weapon, pop into camouflage or cover, and click when the enemy shows their head. That's pretty much it. Click until you win.The controls are... Sub-par at best. I understand this is a 2D side-scroller, but there's a clear need to have a visible cursor of some sort indicating where my mouse is. You know, since the game keeps track of it's location. It felt disappointing having to aim based on feeling around for my cursor, sliding it around to finally get enough movement to aim all the way up or down.And finally... The puzzles. A core mechanic of the game. These suffer greatly as they're hardly conveyed to the player properly and are instead ""click everything until something works."" This isn't a good puzzle mechanic. There isn't any penalty for just clicking and shooting everything. You could literally beat the game with your eyes closed if you had enough patience. There's no reason for me NOT to just wander around aimlessly trying to figure out where the disembodied head goes, or where to use a robotic arm I found. It also doesn't help the game doesn't give you any real hints as well, asking the player to simply feel around and press buttons until something works.To make an example, a spoiler:At the very start of the game, you'll find a fellow combat suit on a cross with a body inside. You need his cloaking device as yours is inoperable. The game states you clearly need his to get by a security device further up the road. But in order to get it, you need to trip the alarm, use a robotic arm to reach through a solid black wall to get a card-key, then leave, coming back LATER to get the cloaking device.All in all, I'll be playing the sequel and do recommend this game to anyone looking for a good story that changes it up a little with well written dialogue, story elements, and well performed music. But the combat and puzzle solving needs work. My only complaints are puzzles should be less difficult if there's going to be a lack of direction and 0 penalty for clicking on things like a curious child, and the combat could benefit from upgrades beyond shooting faster and aiming for the head.Overall, 7/10. Really good. Doesn't suffer from any serious bugs, good story, music, and dialogue. Walkthroughs will not likely cheapen the experience if you get stuck as you can simply click things until something works anyway. Combat is simple and easy, which makes up for it being clunky."
76561198071097389,Recommended,290770,16497999,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Lucignolo_Giancalasso,now i know how Reapers were born...-wonderful game!-
,Recommended,290770,16356934,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,kreiger,"Fantastic game, highly recommended. I just wish it was longer."
,Recommended,290770,16962523,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,A S T R O,Fun indie that you have to think about while you play. Cool story and set up.
,Recommended,290770,14786466,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,sps96,"Hey, you! Yeah, you there! Want to hear about an absolutely fantastic game that you NEED to play? It’s this little indie gem called “The Fall,” devloped by the Kickstarter'd comanpy, Over the Moon Studios. Basically, it’s a short (4-6 hours) 2D sci-fi puzzle/shooter/existentialist crisis simualtor available for Mac, PC, Linux, and the Nintentdo Ambulance (WiiU! WiiU! WiiU!).It's chock-full of gloriously Asimovian overtones, fantastic, frightening and chilling environments, fitting soundtrack, and, best of all, it leaves you with an indescribable emptiness after you finish the game.You might be thinking, ""I'm not some Shakespearean teenager with daddy issues! I don't want to have to deal with such deep stuff, especially that which makes me question my value as an individual!""Yeah, you might be thinking that...but what good will it do you? You WILL play it, it's part of your protocol. You follow protocol, or smeg falls apart. Protocol is love. Protocol is life.So, get ready for a heapful of the ""oh god, I will never be able to experience this for the first time again, why continue to live"" feeling that comes around after completing great games, television series, and pastries which could only be described as ""sinful.""10/10: Would Play Again (Once my mind fully processes the experience)P.S.: Make sure to switch the trigger option from ""Hold"" to ""Toggle"" for a smoother gameplay experience.P.S.S: I know my references are out of control. I'm in therapy for this. But they can't stop me. They can't stop the future."
,Recommended,290770,13913739,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,ToastCrust,Mostly point-and-click mechanics with simple shooting. Excellent story and voice work. Controller support is alright but the default controls take a little while to get accustomed to. Fantastic aesthetic sense.And there's gonna be more! Definitely grab this if you enjoy banter between AI.
76561198056874430,Recommended,290770,11474722,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Sinister Stormborn,"I bought the fall on sale for $4.99. I think it was definitely worth the money I spent on it. The storyline is very well developed and had me intrigued from the very beginning, I am also very curious as to what happens in episode two of this game. The combat is great and the interactions you have with NPCs are meaningful and purposeful. It is very short (I beat it in four hours), but I think the originality and solid storyline compensate for this. I did not run into any bugs what-so-ever, and the whole game went smoothly. I definitely recommend this game to any fans of Adventure-Puzzle games.10/10"
76561198135751681,Recommended,290770,11992772,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Jan Michael Vincent,"I can only say that this game is incredible.  The ending succeeded in leaving an emotional impact on me that was even stronger than that of the death of the baby metroid in super metroid.  The story is deep and intricate, the gameplay is fully fleshed out and the game well exceeds what it's inispirations set as the gold standard.This game is Metroidvania meets point and click, and hell it does everything right.So what are you doing reading this?  Go buy the game, dummy!"
,Recommended,290770,20640349,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Pirateguybrush,"This is 90% classic adventure game, 10% side-scrolling shooter.  Great story, backed with high quality acting, writing and music.  On the short side, but raises some really interesting hypotheticals, makes you question your actions and decisions, and a great ending.  Picked this up on a whim, but I'll be checking out the sequel once it's available."
,Recommended,290770,18188631,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Dominant Chris,"It's a pretty decent game but its a bit short, if you can pick it up for cheap price then I recommend doing so. The Fall plays like a point and click adventure game but its dynamic, with some shooting involved, there's only few types of enemies so there isn't much action going on. You are pretty much solving puzzles most of time. I'd give it 5 Pots of gravy out of 5"
,Recommended,290770,19418720,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,The Koro,"Take a deep shower using fresh fish viscera like soap.Big mouth fish falls in love and starts rubbing in my leg.11/10, Better than using AXE"
,Recommended,290770,19241425,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,A$AP Newell,"My play time is misleading because I left it on overnight on accident, but this game is really interesting and fun. Explore as a robot who learns about what it really means to be sentient."
76561198212692520,Recommended,290770,22073715,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Condemned_X,"A great point and Click Puzzle game. Well worth the $2 i spent on it. The puzzles can be hard to figure out but not impossible. The story was interesting and was what kept pushing you forward. Little action but fun where it was found. Can't wait, and very excited for the next episode."
76561198027424801,Recommended,290770,24767429,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,EelVac,"The Fall is one of the best scf-fi storiies I have encountered. It asks some incredible questions about what being alive means and delievers one of the best twists I have ever seen in a game. Also, it harkens back to old school adventure games like Grim Fandango and the Monkey Island series.Don't read anything about this game going in. It takes about 3-4 hours to complete so just grab it and get it done in one sitting. You'll be glad you did!"
76561198123156744,Recommended,290770,24986773,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,DANKERTON,"I'm so glad I bought this game on sale it was so worth it, I cannot wait for the sequel! I just with I could offord it though since I don't have a credit card."
76561197980285462,Recommended,290770,24733097,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,walkingcloud_deepredsky,"Bought on a whim at 69p and would honestly say I would have bought this at 6.99Great concept, clever puzzles and great story and voice acting.10/10 would fall again"
,Recommended,290770,25370803,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Benzene,Lovely story about robots circumventing en bending their programming while developing a self. Don't leave your robots unattended!
76561198053056596,Recommended,290770,19169016,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,StaydMcButtermuffin,"""What is your primary function?""The Fall is one of those games that just feels a little special. It's odd how much I liked it, considering how frustrated I initially was with the stiff controls and not-so-well-communicated puzzles.I suppose you could say that the experience is carried almost entirely by its characters and concept, given the aformentioned stumbling points. It certainly isn't carried by the combat, and there isn't enough substance to the level design to create much of an environmental atmosphere, there's just a certain FEEL to the whole affair, and it truly stuck with me.It's a rather short game, to be perfectly honest. I beat it in four hours, and I'm pretty sure one of those was spent wandering around like a jackass.The controls are, again, stiff, but somewhat intuitive (you don't really need to move your hand around on the keyboard), and what combat there is can be approached in a couple of different ways. Puzzle-solving is more-or-less a ""try everything, with everything, on everything"" affair, though there were some rather clever moments throughout. Voice-acting and characters are absolutely fantastic, and the basic concept is twisted around in some pretty effective ways (not to mention the terrible, terrible things you can do to complete your objective). The presentation wasn't quite what I'd call spot-on, but I honestly think that's  just because I personally would have handled it a bit differently.All-told, The Fall holds a strange, special place in my heart, and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for something a little different."
,Recommended,290770,28875411,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,niet3sche77,"A really good quarter-game.What there is is great, but at three hours of gameplay ... there's not much here.I bought this on sale, and would recommend it as a ""buy"" on sale, on the strength of the storyline and character development.And for the awesome plot-twist:... which you thought I was going to reveal here. Shame on you!"
,Recommended,290770,25419140,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Squashbuckler,"This is a thought provoking, intelligent game where you play as an AI unit with a human body inside that you must keep alive. You will sort through puzzles and have some minor shooting combat. Worth the play for the story and atmosphere. UNIQUE."
,Recommended,290770,11470662,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,RpTheHotrod,I really enjoyed this. :)
,Recommended,290770,21522159,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,justus,"I'm recommending this game -- but that's largely because of the promise and potential that the next two games in the series keep what is great and remove what isn't.The first big warning: this is a 3-part episodic game. It will take you about 2-hours to play.This game mixes up a bit of side-scrolling action and typical adventure game puzzles. Honestly, neither one comes off that well compared to the examplars of the genre. I played with a gamepad and found it just a bit too painful. Aiming during the action sequences was a bit tricky and, in retrospect, I should have stuck with a mouse and keyboard. Interacting with the elements in game is too hard: you need you use the right analog stick to aim the item, then hold the right should button to bring up the ""interaction menu"", the use the left analog stick to navigate through the interaction menu. Compare that to games where you have ""press A to call elevator"".The story is interesting: an AI that is trying desperately to save it's (unconscious) human pilot in a mysterious facility that has undertones of every sci-fi space station in gaming history (c.f. System Shock, Dead Space). Things have gone wrong, people are dead, you will slowly figure out what and why. During this first episode, though, you won't actually learn anything concrete -- if they don't start addressing this in the sequel, all of the potential will quickly become wasted.The single biggest failing of the game, and what they need to improve in sequel, is the crappy adventure game puzzle-itis. It suffers from the same stupid, insane internal logic that so many adventure games suffer from. Where you can only interact with things because at some future point you'll need the item. For instance, you walk into a workshop at some point and can pick up the wirecutters. Because you'll need them OUTSIDE of the workshop. But you can't pick up the hammer. So, later on when you need to hammer something flat, you need to come back to workshop.You'll suffer through a number of these non-sensical puzzles.A room with a shark-type-creature in knee-deep water. Of course you can't just shoot it. That would make too much sense. You need to do a 6-step program to trick it.Need to sing a song to a baby to make it stop crying? Instead of your futuristic A.I. having 2 billion songs in its database...you'll engage in 12-part shenanigans that don't involve any singing at all.This computer doesn't have power? Shoot a cable and then just plug a live wire into it. Because that's totally how shooting and electricity works.Stuck? Shoot a panel (which is the only interactable element in the room) and hope that an elevator keycard drops down. Oh, it did! What an amazing coincidence.This puzzles only make sense in internal adventure-game-logic. I ended up using a walkthrough for over 50% of the puzzles.If they can fix the puzzles and keep the story, the sequel will deliver on the promise of this game."
,Recommended,290770,20988544,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,orangefather,"This game is absolutely excellent. I highly reccomend it if you like figuring out puzzles (some of them without easy solutions), moderate amounts of combat, great dialogue, as well as interesting commentary on the idea of AI. Excellent, excellent game. Some of the puzzles were a little difficult to get, but they could've been solved if i'd just been a little more patient with myself. It's a really good game, I promise."
,Recommended,290770,21012076,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Xaeroxe,"Wonderful storyline, menu controls are a bit clunky but ultimately usable.  Looking forward to the sequel!"
76561197984010815,Recommended,290770,20209512,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Highyena,"The Fall is essentially a point-and-click lite thinly disguised as a side-scrooling action adventure.The combat is entirely thrown in to remind you that the protaganist ARID is a war-machine and is very simplistic.  A lot of the puzzles will have you running back and forth clicking everything until you finally get it right, usually with a ""duh, I coulda guessed that"" sort of feeling after.  The graphics are not stellar and somewhat remind me of games like Out of this World and Flashback, except that some of the objects are very simplistic, while others seem out of place in a scene with how heavily rendered they are.What makes The Fall interesting is the story, and the ramifications placed upon how robots and AI are supposed to interact with humans, each other, and themselves.If you like sad robot movies, the sort that usually do terrible at the box office, yet end up critically acclaimed and gain cult followings after, then you will most certainly enjoy thisgame, err, story."
76561198156940558,Recommended,290770,24811469,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Edu Furiano,"Good: Great history.Not-so-good: the controls feel a bit weird. I tried the controller and the feel was even worse.Realy-not-good: some puzzles I consider ilogical, with no tip at all of what you have to do."
76561198170183235,Recommended,290770,24819054,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,cindymittanck,"I really loved playing this game. The atmosphere reminds me a bit of later stages of Portal 2, with it's dark, underground, dilapidated scientific compound-and somewhat helpful mainframe AI-which you navigate with very little clue of where exactly you are. However, the gameplay actually varies quite a bit, instead relying on observation and connecting objects that you pick up throughout the rooms to overcome obstacles. I will admit to using a walkthrough for a few puzzles, and some solutions were fairly hidden or unintuitive, but most became apparent after retracing my steps or simply stopping to think. The controls were also unfamiliar, but after a few minutes of playing, I got used to them and appreciated the fairly unique combination of keyboard and mouse. Finally, I really enjoyed the story aspect, both the grim and humorous bits, through both dialog between characters and the setting and details around them. I was actually expecting a scarier game, but while darkness and creepiness was definetly present, the story leaned much more towards suspense than horror. Overall, The Fall is a very incredible game that I greatly enjoyed and would recommend to anyone who likes story-based, puzzle/problem-solving science fiction games, or even anyone thinks it looks even vaguely intriguing (don't be afraid to step out of you comfort zone: it will probably be worth it!)."
,Recommended,290770,24797053,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,irockas,great game great story totaly reccomending
,Recommended,290770,24797953,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,DasWunderKind,"I wish I would still be falling to unearth more of this amazing gem.The fall is a fantastic game, wich I'm ashamed to say I bought when it was on sale for $1...The story and atmosphere are top notch and really enganging, the gameplay is more puzzle solving and sometimes shooting than platforming or backtracking. It's pretty linear as well and once you completed it there is nothing else to do except complete it one more time for all achievements. At that point you will realize how short the game really is, being able to complete it in less that 30min once you know all the solutions.But on your first run the puzzles will keep you thinking and clicking, however some of them are pretty obnoxious especially the baby crib one and the inventory is pretty clunky and the combat is pretty simple and easy to exploit its cover mechanics.But everything else is incredible, the game hooks you in since the opening and wont let you go, great story and characters as well as great aesthetics.The ending is set up for a sequel in fact there are 2 more episodes coming out with The fall 2 unbound coming out next year Q1.With that said I highly recommend this game to any fan of adventure and sci-fi games.Score: 9/10Achievements: 8/10 Almost all of the achievements are misseable as well as kinda obnoxious and hidden. Without a guide it will be hard to grab them all.Then you have to replay the game once more since at the end you have to make 2 choices with each one giving a different achievement. But since the game is so short once you completed it the first time you will breeze by it."
,Recommended,290770,24803931,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Okerlund,"Very interesting game. I am beyond terrible at puzzle games so a walkthrough was at hand for a bit of it. I mainly just wanted this game for the story. And it delivered on that. Very short, and I did purchase it on sale for $1, but I would have purchased it for the $10 price as well. Better than a movie ticket!And that ending though..... looking forward to the next game!"
,Recommended,290770,24805227,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,ljdm1990,"Great game, it what I expected when I heard you should play it if you liked asymovian tales. For me It is like it takes place a post apocalyptic universe where definitely something went wrong with the First/Second Foundation. It's not a hard game to play, sometimes you could get stuck, but my recommendation is start shooting everything after you already tried combining everything together. A mistranslation caused me to miss what was supposed to be a fragile glass ceiling, and in spanish it said a glass airplane. Short story it was meant to be shot at. The mechanics are great, I like my point and clicks of this kind where something could go wrong and you have to follow from the last savepoint. I was missing the choices that make you lose in other PnCs like Deponia. The battles take a bit of strategy between hiding and shooting, and learning shooting patterns of enemies, and the final boss and in general through the game you need a little bit of thinking out of the box to beat."
76561197970428810,Recommended,290770,25449428,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Voltaire,"The Pro: This is one of the few games I think is possibly worthy of the sci-fi title; it will play with mind and your emotions.The Cons: You may find this game anoying at points, because of mechanics not unlike point and click adventure games. However, I would recomend a combination of perserverance, and walk-throughs to get you unstuck - just to experience the story.  Push through the slightly hinky mouse + controller controlls.  For the price I think its worth it.   You may want to wait for the second in the series, and associated reviews, but it still works well on its own."
,Recommended,290770,24721906,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Pyrowulf13,"Very immersion story, with some puzzle solving. Gets philosophical and really makes yoy think."
,Recommended,290770,19941952,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Xanatu,A very interesting first chapter and alternate take on the whole MetroidVania style of game. Coming in as a big fan of Metroid specifically was definitely not disappointed. Recommended!
,Recommended,290770,19756872,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,PulpySnowboy,"Great atmosphere, and a very motivating plot line.  Eagerly awaiting the second installment."
,Recommended,290770,19838974,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Hactavish,"i was expecting a shooting game and no, it is not. i have to walking around for hours to solve every piece of puzzle. this game is great for those who like puzzle or detective thing."
76561198058863827,Recommended,290770,19900859,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Rambo FIRST BLOOD,This game was a great success for me for the following reasons:-Refreshing Sci-Fi theme and premise. You are the Artificial Intelligence of a highly advanced battle suit.-Adventure/Exploration gameplay that exhibited enough challenge/thought provocation for its 4-5 hour play through.-I don't feel bad that it was shorter than 10-20-30-40 etc hours. The story was intriguing.-The game was fun and kept me playing.Overall an awesome game for anyone thats looking for the above with emphasis on only having to spend an evening on a play through.
,Recommended,290770,19955030,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,energycrush,"Amazing game, first I've played all the way through in quite a while, and totally worth it. The developers did a great job maintaining the intrigue all the way through.Pros:- Relatively straightforward controls and balance- Very good at introducing new concepts and mechanics throughout- Awesome concept and story- Fantastic art and visuals for this style of gameCons:- A little dark at times- Couple of the puzzles are 'outside the box' style, which is great, but caught me off guard a couple of timesPlay this!"
,Recommended,290770,10852422,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,"CakeZ, The Creator",My only qualm with this game is its brevity.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ make a sequel or something.
,Recommended,290770,22887891,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,EdCapistrano,"Excellent story! Great atmosphere, the graphics and voice acting are top-notch. Can't wait for The Fall 2."
,Recommended,290770,19963637,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,A Trout,"I enjoyed this game, the story, the characters, the dialogue, the humour. I'm happily looking forward to the sequel.I will say however that the puzzle design in this game is atrocious. Most of the time you're just frobbing all interest points with all your items and actions until something fits. Often the reason you can't figure out a puzzle is because you didn't realise a particular interaction was even possible, really poor communication with the game or you've missed an interest point, usually in the ceiling. There is actually one or two puzzles which are actually devilishly clever, but the mediocre puzzles ruin these because you’re so used to expecting frobbing that you don’t even think to try and solve them through ingenuity."
76561198055306597,Recommended,290770,19989781,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,micketeer,"An highly atmospheric mystery.Just from the walk and movement of the suit you are immediately feeling like an AI controlling the game.Voice acting is top notch, and goes perfectly with the well written story. Audio and visuals can't get anything but top marks.A must buy for any fan of either scifi, mystery, or adventure games. Don't go in expecting focus on shooting mechanics. It's there, and competently implemented, but firefights total to maybe 10 minutes of gameplay throughout the game, and you will likely only mess up once of twice.It's not very long game, but neither does it waste your time. No mechanic is needlessly repeated for padding, which I personally appreciate."
,Recommended,290770,19891780,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Cybronx,"Hidden gem for lovers of robots, thrillers, metroidvania sidescrollers, and puzzles. Definitely worth the purchase if on sale, possibly even full price."
,Recommended,290770,19943355,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,the.momaw,"It gives some interesting things to think about, and I like the blending of gameplay styles between point and click, platformer, and light action.  I only got ""stuck"" once and it wasn't for very long, the puzzles make sense, the combat isn't punishing and serves more to carry the story than to be a reflex check of the player.  Atmosphere is atmospheric, graphics are servicable, writing is on point and intersting.  What's here is very good......What's here is also SHORT.   ""The Fall"" is a 3-hour episode of a greater story, which I didn't really get from the store description. The ending feels abrupt and will definitely leave you wanting more.Aside from the depressingly short length, the only negative aspect is the bizarre controls.  Can't change mouse speed for aiming, and aiming feels.... ""elliptical"" (?). Hard to describe, but any time you try to look up or down at sharp angles the mouse speed gets weird.  Can't use mouse for menus even. Feels like it's desgined for controllers."
76561197987987897,Recommended,290770,19999095,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Jhusdhui,"Great game. A little bit short, but great. Puzzles are logical and not dumbed down, so expect a fair challenge ;)"
,Recommended,290770,21179905,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,raqqa,"Great game! Good story that hopefully gets expanded on in the sequel. Played with a controller and combat was fine, maybe it's worse with a keyboard and mouse."
,Recommended,290770,16527217,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Graham Crackers,"Just finished this today.The easiest way to sum The Fall up would be to say it's a story-driven atmospheric point-and-click adventure that draws inspiration from Limbo and sometimes feels like Dead Space.It's a pretty short game (beat it in ~4 hours), including a rather cliche narrative and story. The atmosphere was...strange. I feel like some people will find it genuinely creepy, and others will just be bored with it. The controls are less than perfect and there are some bugs, but they didn't get in the way too much. It felt a bit lacking at first, and I have to say the combat is by far the worst part, but what's there is fun and creative.The final boss is seriously lacking though.The biggest problem with The Fall is that it doesn't do anything new. Every single aspect of this game is something we've seen before. While not bad on its own, this short experinced is outclassed by other titles that can do the same thing, but better.I would recommend this game, but only when it's on sale. It's not exactly great, but it's not really bad either. Perfectly fine if you don't expect much from it."
,Recommended,290770,11346558,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,renqa,cant get over how amazing this game is
76561198051315150,Recommended,290770,25613559,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Kento Ratt,The game was brilliant! I loved everything about this game and will definately buy the sequel when it comes out. These people have mastered science fiction storytelling.
,Recommended,290770,17101090,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Adenru,"10/10 adventure, who would have thought?Only one con: it's in three parts and part 2 is only in development."
,Recommended,290770,13279181,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Forevermuffins,"A perplexing look into AI perspectives.Gameplay is simple and somewhat unweildy, but it doesn't at all get in the way of the story and world or progression.Even though it doesn't get top marks for sound design, or puzzle design (I have seen worse though) Arid and her situation are well realized and I can't wait for the next installments."
76561197977042428,Not Recommended,290770,24677307,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,jhogg,"Defintely a triumph of style over substance.The game is very pretty, and the story may be worth following, but the interface and puzzles are awkward. The general algorithm for solving it is to try applying everything to everything else and see what sticks. If in doubt, shoot at everything. Then look at the online walkthrough to see what tiny clue/interactable you missed.The interface is bizarre too. Rather than the flashlight pointing in the direction you're moving the mouse, it acts to follow an invisible mouse cursor, which is just annoying."
,Not Recommended,290770,24755015,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Sanctuary Media LLC,"The atmosphere is great -- wonderful lighting and bloom effects, layering, good audio quality, and cool special effects (screen glitches, etc.)Wish I could say the same about the gameplay. Aside from a very numb experience of pacing back and forth with a flashlight consistently shining into the shadows, and a ""puzzle solving"" mechanism of simply interacting with every item in every possible way... there are also some unpleasant, buggy things:1) Despite a lot of great animations, the transition from jump to landing is quite poor. Unfortunately, jumping and landing is a pretty common and frequent occurence!2) There seem to be major problems with triggering flashlight/look function on and off. By default, holding down the right-mouse button is glitchy at best -- sometimes not triggering the light on at all, but more often it cycles through on/off without being functional. The only way I could get it to work properly was by setting the ""Toggle"" mode on the settings, so a single button-click turns it on. But even then, whether it triggers the first time clicked is iffy (it doesn't always work)For the significantly discounted Steam Sale price, it was worth a download just for the story, visuals, and audio (more of an ""interactive story"" experience than a game.) But at full price... I would say no."
,Recommended,290770,25224143,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Cake Sale,I quite enjoyed this game. It had a great story but I felt that some of the puzzles hindered the progress of the story. Once you pass these parts though you forget how much trouble they caused you because the story. I was drawn into this game and I really felt the need to protect my human.I played the game on Linux with a F710 Controller. The aim system felt a bit clunky in the beginning but I got used to it quite quickly as there isn't really a rush to execute the options available to you.Overall it's a great experience and story. Recommended!
76561198083068272,Recommended,290770,19357362,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,TheBeak,"I recently played through The Fall twice and I was pleasantly surprised with just how good this game really is.  Though bought on a super sale, I would have gladly dropped the $9.99 to pick it up.  Reminding me of the glory days of games like Blackthorne and Flashback, The Fall is a sci-fi adventure with slight horror and drama overtones that gleefully mixes point n' click puzzle solving with an intricate story and some shoot 'em up action.  In the game you play as the living robo-suit Arid who is trying to get her pilot/operator to a medical bay after crash landing.  The journey with take you through a derelict robotic depurposing facility where all is not as it seems and the story will throw a few twists at you that are unexpected (I didn't expect them!).The game is simple enough to pick up and play but with puzzle complexity and slight backtracking that might even stump the seasoned adventure fan.  I'm pretty seasoned as a gamer in general, but even this game caused me to check a walkthrough once (I couldn't figure out that crying baby bit) and it took me 2 playthroughs to get the majority of the achievements (still missing one and no clue how to get it!).  After 2 run throughs though I'm thoroughly satisfied with my time spent and probably won't be running through again, but overall the game is very enjoyable.So as Arid the organic combat suit you will need to figure out what's exactly going on with the rather lively artificial, highly personable AI at the facility while fetch questing, puzzling and shooting your way into the heart of the maelstrom.  The puzzles were challenging on the first run through and some of the solutions are a bit more obtuse than they had to be, while others actually make sense in the game's unusual world.  You will acquire certain powers/abilities in key situations of the game play where Arid is in danger and utilizing these will get you through some tough spots.  If you haven't played yet I don't want to reveal exactly what these puzzles and situations are, but they were unique and took me back quite a bit in terms of old school games in this particular genre.The side scrolling action plays well with the controls being mostly responsive, though sometimes you'll need to shoot or do something quickly and it's a pain in the keester to get Arid to turn in the direction you need her to using the key/mouse set-up.  Other than that, shooting, jumping, using items and exploring work out pretty well.  The controls are loose enough that you'll make some mistakes but tight enough that you won't die over and over again.  As a character in itself, the facility is dead yet alive with several unique sections with lots to do.  A few of the puzzles might stump you for a bit, requiring you to re-read some of the game's notes, in turn with trying every single item you have on every single key location.  The tasks and enviroments switch up enough to keep things from getting boring and the slight combat runs with enemy droids provide enough variety for a cool shakedown of elements.  You can take cover while shooting which works well and go for headshots as well as upgrade your gun to automatic.  None of this is problematic unless you need Arid to face a certain direction posthaste.  She's not going to do it, so forget coaxing her!A huge asset of the game is the sound design.  The desolate washes of atmospheric noise, metallic clanging of the facility itself and the well-spoken dialogue of every character was well-above par for the genre.  You will even feel for a few characters you encounter thanks to their passionate delivery of the material.  The game is not uplifting in the least and it takes you down a rather dark, emotional black hole from which there is no escape.  All of these ideas only further to enhance the story which despite being a single episode of a three part series, it plays off in angular ways to keep your interested for the long haul.The Steam achievements are cool little in-game secrets that are like their own mysteries and a second playthrough plus plenty of trial n' error helped me to achieve most of them.  Thankfully, once you have the puzzles and shooting segments down pat, you'll probably blast through a second run in an hour.  Ala Shadowrun and other such games there are choices of dialogue to be made when interacting with characters.  Some of which will lead to achievements, though they have no real bearing on the story itself as there is only a singular ending to be found.  For even more variety, there's a pretty fun boss battle contained as well...another surprise for me as I didn't think this only semi-combat based game would leave any room for a major confrontation.  I'm a big fan of the old school set-up with bosses and the like, so this was a cool addition.Graphically, The Fall looks pretty great for a side-scrolling action adventure and is comparable to the detail in Deadlight.  Intricate backgrounds and bleak, foreboding foregrounds make you want to push further and further while missing dinner  so that you can see what's right around the corner.  It's not the best looking game I've ever seen, but the level of detail given to the enviroments is still impressive in 2015.  Besides, graphics aren't all that's important.  If you don't have gameplay you don't have sh*t, The Fall has enough gameplay to keep you satisfied.  I finished my first playthrough in about 4 hours which from my research now is a bit longer than most, but the puzzles did have me running around and backtracking trying to figure out their solutions.  I'm not a walkthrough guy unless it's an extreme case, so as stated I mostly refrained from peeking at those, doing my best to figure out the solutions on my own and on a first playthrough it took a decent length of time to finish a rather short game.  My second playthrough lasted barely an hour at most, so if you're a whiz kid that can figure out things quickly or resort to frequent tips, you'll mow this things down in no time.Overall, I really enjoyed my time with The Fall.  It stands right beside Deadlight and Gemini Rue as one of my favorite adventure/action themed side-scrollers of recent years.  There's not as much hacking, slashing and blasting as Deadlight but The Fall doesn't need an overabundance of said element.Pros:-Cool visual design and detailed graphics for a side-scroller-Excellent sound and audio cues-Eerie atmosphere with a great story-Superb voice acting-Old school action/adventure gameplay that moves at a brisk pace-Puzzles, shooting, character interaction keeps things flowing and interesting-Awesome main character that makes you root for her plight...like Samus Aran with alot of personality-A bit of replay valueCons:-Some puzzles/achievements are pretty obtuse and tough to obtain-Could use more replay value-Rather short-Most of the controls work fine, but turning to face your enemies and get a shot off is a b*tch!!!-A couple of tedious, ad nauseam dialogue interactions (not many)-Though glad more parts are on the way, worried they will all be at full price (but hey I got this one on sale, so...that's cool!)Really, my nitpicks with The Fall are pretty minor.  For about $2 I got 7 hrs of gameplay that I really, really enjoyed.  In terms of gameplay content, atmosphere, story, sound and graphics, I was more than pleased with this game.  I can't complain too much about what I got and it was alot of fun reminding me of a combo between Metroid, Flashback, Blackthorne, etc.  I'm worried that each sequel will be full price and hope there's a discount for those that own the first, but no matter what, I'll buy 'em and play because this game was killer.  I really hope to see some improvements to the turn/movement/shooting mechanic in the future though. That was an s.o.b. of the highest order and I'm pretty sure it robbed me of a few achievements.Rating:  8.0/10"
76561198044985557,Recommended,290770,11498036,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Toto Coelo,"Edit Nov. 23, 2016: Buy it!The Fall is a truly atmospheric sci-fi puzzle adventure game.Although this is only the FIRST EPISODE of the series it still does an excellent job at introducing the plot, and the main character, A.R.I.D 7 AI. I noticed however, that there already are a great deal of reviews that talk about the functionality of controls, and the difficulty of progressing, and so on.So on that note, this game is littered with symbolism, and is ripe with questions to ask. It will surely leave you thinking.What happens when an AI withholds the most cherished capacity of human agents, to exercise control over their actions, their lives and ultimately, themselves?You’ll find out, and it’ll be interesting."
,Recommended,290770,20393675,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,didlix,"It's a side scroller, yet also a point and click adventure, sort of. Aside from some ""point and click""-esque puzzles, you know the ones that aren't logical, rather they are silly,– I really enjoyed this game and hope the sequel happens."
76561197983419516,Recommended,290770,11469338,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,=ASJA= [WCK]Aimbot,"Edit: I really didn't emphasize enough how much I loved the story of this game and look forward to the sequel.I recommend this game on sale. The concept is interesting and is a great example of AIs interacting with each other. The story is well told and I liked every character. It is definitely worth experiencing and I am very interested in the next chapter.The graphics are mixed. Anything in the background looks great, as well as any time a character looks into the background. However, anything in the foreground looks terrible, being blocky, in a poor art way, not a meaningful style, The foreground is sometimes too black and it's hard to distinguish what something is. You often have to play a hidden object game with your flashlight to find something to interact with.One high point is that the puzzles all made sense and some were not readily obvious, thus providing a slight challenge.  There is combat, but it's weak and seems to just change the pace a bit. However, the controls are terrible on PC. In order to interact with anything, you have to use the right mouse button and mouse to control your flashlight and point it at a symbol. Then you have to hold ""E"" to open the menu, then navigate that menu with WASD whild still holding ""E"". The mouse just makes the flashlight go up and down, so you don't have a cursor.Overall, the story is worth your time if you like stories, particularly about AI. But the game is rough to play with terrible controls."
,Recommended,290770,16318867,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Traeger,"A short but fun little indie adventure game. The story was interesting at most times, and the puzzles were simple enough but some were a bit unnecessarily obtuse."
76561197989019231,Recommended,290770,17483665,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Eneov,"Neat, you get to be the AI.FINALLY I managed to get a gun that shoots more than a terrifying flashlight..Is the guy in this suit still alive?I'm having to do bad, bad things for this guy who may or may not be dead.That last puzzle took me like, forever minutes. If internal trauma hasn't killed him yet old age will finish the job.(then)Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥!Wait what?!WHAT?!: O  NOOOOoo!!: (    But..:'(    Nooo.. *sniff*On a scale from one to feels, I'd give it an eleven.Will fall again when The Fall 2 comes out!"
,Recommended,290770,11053545,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Shell Universe,What happens when Cortana has to make her way through Aperture Science Laboratories to save Master Chief.
,Recommended,290770,11162298,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Bl0rch,"Did you like Limbo? Shadow Complex? The Swapper? Don't know some of those? Well, check them out, and then come back and play this game.It's a combination 2D platformer and puzzle game with real-time combat mechanics.You play the role of a fallen Military Soldier in a special suit that is managed by a computerized entity known as A.R.I.D. All of your interactions with things throughout the game will be based on the actions and interpretations of the ARID computer system, with you simply being a carrier that it's meant to protect.At first it gives you that kind of ""Metroid"" feel, where you can walk in either direction from your start point and explore the ""planet"" you've found yourself on.From that point on, it's a quick plunge into the world of interaction with objects and using what you find to make progress throughout the game. At times, there will be puzzles you may not be able to figure out right away, but there's a lot of subtle details that make it something that offers a lot of challenge without being ""too hard."" As you progress through the game, you will be able to unlock certain suit features and gain more power over your capabilities. You learn more about the place you're in and what exactly it is that you serve function for.The game has a very ""gloomy"" feel to it, a sort of art and music style that really put you in the world of no life and scrap robots. The interfaces are done in that sort of ""386 computer running DOS"" interface, where it actually looks like it's a computer system interface from that era. Awesome visual effects and cues make you really feel like you're a computer program acting through a sentient body. To tell you more would deprive you of the experience.Go play this game, it's got a lot of questions it leaves unanswered by the end."
,Recommended,290770,20233552,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,CCL sama,"The Fall is a story driven game combined with interesting puzzles and a simple yet nice combat system. The creepy Sci-Fi atmosphere did it to me and I was curious about the storyline too.The plot was executed very well for a small indie team and kept me wanting for more in the end.Even though I'm not really a Sci-Fi fan, I enjoyed it more than I should.I don't recommend it to buy it at full price because of it's short game length,so buy it on sales! You won't regret it :)"
,Recommended,290770,33446227,Posted: 10 July,all,ۜ۶๖Moτʜʀɪɴ εїз,"An immersive story, that ended short. I think it was worth playing, even if it did leave me to hunger for more quite early."
76561197970471926,Recommended,290770,11485025,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Tinman,"So I remember seeing a spotlight / feature for this game somewhere a while ago, and it seemed VERY interesting.  So, when it went on sale on Steam, I didn't hesitate to pick it up.Now, after playing through the game... I'm left wanting.  I went in expecting a game that was going to make me question humanity, choice, etc; and, to an extent, it did.I think the way the game was written is fantastic, and it really does make you wonder sometimes... However, the gameplay felt... lacking.  I felt as though, a lot of the time, it was a matter of luck on whether or not I was able to move forward.  Picking up (seemingly) random items that suddenly are required to move forward.  It just felt... like a gimmick, I suppose.Especially when I compare my experience with this game to something like 'Swapper,' I feel like I had a much more interesting and engaging experience with Swapper.  I'm sure I'll be keeping an eye out for the next installment / dlc, but can't find it in me to give this game more than a medicore review.TL;DR.The game has an interesting concept and sometimes poses some questions that made me think.  But I felt like I got slogged down with the find-and-go-seek gameplay which, at least personally, greatly diminished the game."
76561198007387984,Recommended,290770,10910296,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,evilwhoopas,"Great  game with  good of atmosphere, strong narrative and  good voice acting. Gameplay is a mix of sidescrolling atcion and puzzle solving.  Well worth buying if you like sci-fi or robots."
,Recommended,290770,14491924,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Scott Marshall,"An underrated gem, hidden amongst the many steaming piles of♥♥♥♥♥♥(which are somehow identified as games) that hog the limelight on steam.This review probably won't even be read because this game is hidden, but I think it deserves a review nonetheless.This game, albeit short (in comparison at least to the typical 8+ hours we've come to expect from today's games, *), is a unique and thought provoking game, which as the description details, is about an armoured droid suit that crash lands on an unknown planet and your mission is to save the human that resides inside the droid suit. Along the way you run into obstacles, some puzzles and some gun fights. I won't say anymore, in fear of spoiling the plot.It is also worth noting that this is the first part of three (hence the shorter play time) and although this game apparently didn't do too well financially, the company is still going to make the other two parts. Hats off to them.Anyway, in closing, I personally really like this game and if you also like puzzles and an interesting and dark story (and robots of course), then I thoroughly recommend giving this game a shot.*I've played through twice which is why it says I've played 10+ hours, but I would say around the 3-5 hours mark, depending on your level of competence."
,Recommended,290770,11586256,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,shalizeh7,"This is a great game, I love the story and I can't wait for the next parts to come out. It has been a long time since I've played an interesting sci-fi adventure game. The only slight negative is the controls, but you get used to them quickly as you play."
76561197999470590,Not Recommended,290770,26253492,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Rolepole,"Not badly done but really not good enough to justify spending time on. The shooting sequences are a pointless addition and the adventure puzzle elements, while ok, aren't as good as we saw in adventure games 15-20 years ago.  Nor are the visuals.I bought the game largely because of reviews which said there was an interesting philosophical angle with the AI grappling with its purpose in life. I think these reviews must have been written by primary school children who didn't know what AI stood for until they played this game. There is really nothing deep or intriguing about it."
76561198002530703,Recommended,290770,16561836,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Ghizguth,"‘The Fall’ is a decent little puzzle game, with a few issues but great atmosphere. At ten bucks, for less than three hours of gameplay, it is a bit pricey though.The visuals and the overall style are the game’s greatest strength, giving it depth and personality which can also by expanded upon with the different little pieces of information one can extract from the story here and there.There are a few flaws, -I already mentioned the rather steep price tag for such a short game-, but the combat is another one for example since it feels rather clumsy. But then again, the controls in general are a little bit wonky. I can understand that this is plot-related but when you are expected to fight enemies with those mechanics, it gets a little bit in the way. The inventory system and the interactions with the environment could be improved too. It is rather fidgety to access certain highlights of the background, and while the style of the game is very nice to look at, seeing every intractable object in the dark is rather difficult.They are three acts, and the second one is the weakest in my opinion, as it basically locks you in a room with eight different puzzles to solve. It feels very specific to video games and not to the narrative as a whole. By that, I mean that these puzzles could fit anywhere, they almost exist in a sort of vacuum, disconnected from the rest of the game. Although, since to solve the puzzle, you have to interact with other puzzles to resolves them, it is a bit more interesting than it would seem at first glance. Furthermore, there a few notes here and there to remind you of the game you are playing, so it really is just a very minor personal grievance of mine.Overall, I enjoyed my time with the game, mostly for the intriguing setting, with an oppressing and disturbing atmosphere. I’m curious about the next bit, where will this go now? Perhaps it might be best to wait for the second part to come out and buy both of them in a package though."
,Recommended,290770,30012348,Posted: 18 February,all,Lancelot Shackleford,"This is one of the best sci-fi games I've ever played and falls solidly into the ""makes me question what it means to be human"" category. Seriously stoked for Part 2 to come out later this year!"
,Recommended,290770,12865989,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Captain Serious,"Simply put: Excellence.It's a point -n- click adventure with inventory puzzles and action segments which reminded me of Another World ( Out of this World ).Atmospheric, logical puzzles, and excellent story all add up to an amazing first part of this episodic adventure.  Looking forward to chapter 2."
,Recommended,290770,16752445,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,7000 Skeletons,"you shoot robots and aliens and then you cry a lot, 10/10 buy this game now"
,Recommended,290770,24703777,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Teller,"Creative, engrossing, and simply fun.  I look forward to Part 2."
76561198062803781,Recommended,290770,10743234,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,✿Pink Yoshida✿,"Probably one of the most compelling games I have played in a long time. The atmosphere in the game is top notch and the AI to AI banter is enjoyable. The puzzles are very challenging, however at times they reach points of extreme difficulty for the solutions to the problems you are face with are unrelated to the items you have or information you have. There are few of these and are not in any way a serious damper on the game. I reccomend it highly."
,Recommended,290770,16691032,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,DawnPaladin,"The Fall has all the best and worst features of point-and-click adventure games. It has logic-leaping savant puzzles, pixel hunting in a darkened room, and unpolished controls. It also has one of the most flavorful, intense, and thought-provoking stories about artificial intelligences I can recall. Here's my recommendation: Wait for a sale, buy cheap, and go through it with a walkthrough close at hand. The puzzles aren't worth your time, but if you enjoyed Asimov's stories about Dr. Susan Calvin, this is exactly your kind of game."
,Recommended,290770,24029388,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,kaptainkommie,"Good game. Some puzzles were pretty tough, but nothing totally insane. Somewhat predictable plot twist. Eagerly awaiting the next installment!"
76561198059476938,Recommended,290770,10666831,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,PoE Hype Train! SOON™,"This game is excellent. It has plenty of lore, a rather good amount of choices, suspense, a small amount of horror, and a lot of mystery. The atmosphere harkens back to the days of 2D Metroidvania, and the ambiance is just perfect for the genre. There is everything there, the best base for what I'm a assuming will be a rather good trilogy, from first impressions of this game. Worth every penny.My Star Rating: 5Rating: 10/10"
,Recommended,290770,24007444,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Armand,"Wonderfully atmospheric game. A blend of puzzle platformer, with point-and-click type adventure, and a bit of light combat. Beautiful visuals, with fantastic use of glitches to emphasize a broken-down environment. Great sound design, further enhancing the eery atmosphere. Gameplay is fairly logical and straight-forward, though some puzzle solutions will at times devolve into ""trying every item on every location, in hopes of moving the plot forward"".Despite its faults, this game is a must for any Sci-Fi and adventure game fan."
,Recommended,290770,32912284,Posted: 27 June,all,Run(2)slo,"Excellent little game. The premise is simple - Upon falling from the sky and crashing into a planed, the protective suit with an AI has to try to keep the pilot safe and find medical attention. However, the facility they crashed into has other ideas. This game takes the concept of intelligence emergence in another direction and paints it from the AI's perspective, and the perspective of the other intellegences around it.Worth the play, especially if it is on sale. My first playthrough took about 3.5 hours, and my second playthrough completed all the achievements in another 1.5 hours, for a total of about 5 hours of gameplay. The game is fairly linear, even though there are some sections you have to play twice to get all the dialogue options."
,Recommended,290770,17428490,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,elmokiller143,so creepy in a way...
76561198133248477,Not Recommended,290770,24701407,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,dannyboybul2,"I wish there was a meduim for reviews, or a get it on sale box for recommendations, but there isnt, so i will just give the game a no, with one VERY BIG DISCLAMER: Get it on sale. simple as that.My reasons for not reccomending it UNLESS ON SALE is that while the game is very good as a story game, as a puzzler, and its very atmospheric, the story did indeed impress me, however, i had many problems through out the game. For one, the combat. Its horrible. The cover system, atleast for me, was useless. While in low cover, you cannot aim low enough to hit targets who are also in low cover, this combined with bugs such as when you come out of cloak and try to draw your fire arm, it doesnt actually draw the fire arm, instead you shoot the floor a few times, realizing this bug is happening AGAIN, and either die or cloak again, wait, decloak, bug out, try it again and go through the animation so it works, get shot 5 times, kill the enemy. unless they dont die, in which case the process repeats. The controlls feel very off, as when you try to stop, you actually take a few more steps than you should have, almost like theres a lag between you stopping and the character stopping. In general all, and i mean ALL of the controls feel off, however that may just be me for all i know. next up, again, might just be me, but the game is LOADED, and i mean ABSOLUTLY. LOADED. With bugs. Bugs and poor design choices. For one, during one puzzle, i was stuck between a wooden board and a set of stairs, attemping to draw my gun caused it to just sit in the holster and shoot the ground. Or where while i was on low health a elevator put me in the line of fire of 2 tougher enemys and a melee instant-kill enemy with very little time to do anything, as the instant kill enemy would reach me before i could kill it if i cloaked and shot at the enemys, but the enemys with guns would kill me if i didnt cloak, in which case i died, restarted with more health, thankfully, and managed to finish it the next time. The game is very short, unfortunatly not short enough to get a return but it was only 99 cents anyway, tbh, if you dont have all the problems i had, or if you quickly solve the puzzles, you could probably do it in under 2 hours. IT IS NOT WORTH $10 THOUGH. At most, this game is worth 99 cents, maybe $1.50, unless it comes with the sequal for free and a bunch of patches that fix the entirety of this game, then 10 dollars is fine. However, a part 2 is doubful, 2 years down the line, so, who knows.clearly i dont think many of the reviews you see that say ""10/10 best game evarrrrrr"" are playying the same game, because the game i playyed felt unfinished, and near unplayyable at some points.The problems were little, but there were enough of them for me to want to stop playying and return the game immediantly, that was until it was suddenly over. So in the short time span this game gave it managed to bug me near to the point of breaking. GG, ready for a sequal that will probably never exist for this already unfinished game.TL:DR Dont buy it, unless its on sale for cheap, but even then, it may not be worth the money.CONS:Controls are messy and slippery.Games buggy.Games unnecissarily short.Game doesnt deserve the amount of good reviews it gets if you ask me.Combat is the worst thing i have ever tried to do in this game.PROS:Looks good, for the most part.Story is good.Atmosphere was amazing.On another note, neat trick for devs, idk if this is just me, but i didnt see the achievements pop up till i beat the game, so I assumed the game was longer than it was."
76561197970302383,Recommended,290770,13940852,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Skare,I love these Sci-Fi Stories and this game's story is absolutely brilliant. Looking forward to the next episode!
,Recommended,290770,10644539,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Sysaphys,"Quick review, in which I will not get into detailed storyline. You're a robotic suit with an AI that lands on a planet filled with robots and creatures. I played through the game and for the most part I enjoyed it. There are however, some significant things I take issue with that I'll go into. Of course it's completely subjective and you may find them to be non-issues. The game is a side scrolling adventure/puzzler that feels a little like a point and click, I'll explain the point and click aspect later. First let's start with what's done right. Art style. The game is very sci-fi, moody and atmospheric. This is an example of how you don't need to have super realistic, in your face graphics to be immersive. The moment I landed in the world I felt mesmerized and wanted to just go off and explore every inch of it. My only complaint is I wished the developers would have put a little more background elements to really bring the world to life. Music and voice acting is also top notch here. You can tell the voice actors really cared about how they sounded. The dialog seems natural as natural can be for robots. The most impressive is the voice of the administrator, also an AI. They did a phenomenal job of how he subtly changes his tone form rigid robotic to a more human tone. Movement is fluid and the game supports a gamepad, however it doesn't seem to state that in game. In fact I started playing initially on keyboard as for some reason my gamepad did not register. Also the settings only showed keyboard, which is kind of odd. At first I was okay playing WASD/mouse but I for some reason every time I right clicked (which is how you target/scan) my avatar would always turn left? Suffice to say, that annoyed the hell out of me. I thought all was lost until I started fidgeting with my controller and it started working on its own, as in the game allowed its input, not that there was something wrong with my controller. Once I changed to gamepad I was able to scan/target without having my toon turn on its own.  Speaking of scanning, I think it’s time I get into what I find to be glaring issues with the game. And those are, scanning for clues and puzzle logic. This game has you spending quite some time searching for clues in the form of nodes. Some clues are objects you can pick up and use as items, like you would in a point in click. Normally I don't have a problem with finding objects and having to use them within some kind of puzzle. However this only works if this puzzle is logical. The problem here is that most of the items you find have no logical explanation. That’s not to say all of them are like this. There are some examples of items that makes sense. For the most part however you end up running around scanning every node and trying everything in your inventory because you have no idea how or where to use the item you have. The other issue are the nodes themselves, if you miss an important story driven node, you're going to find yourself running around for a long time trying to figure out what you missed. This ends up being a situation where you find yourself walking and scanning up and down every few feet in search of that elusive node. I sincerely hope this wasn't intended as a way to inflate game time. As you can tell, this really annoyed me, and it annoyed me more than usual because I really liked the game and I really want to like it. The story is great, the dialog is well written, the action is intense when it needs to be and subdued at just the right time. Despite me running around for some time, the game is short. First time through you'll probably finish it in 5 to 8 hours if you take your time and explore and pause the game from time to time as I tend to do. If you’re like me, you hate finishing good games because you will always feel like it’s a little short and you want some more. I think that's when you know you had some fun. The game ends with to be continued. the question then becomes, do I...want to continue? And my answer is... it depends. In my heart of hearts, I want to say yes but not if the game doesn't evolve. I hated feeling like I was playing a point and click from time to time and I seriously hope the developer figures out a way to construct puzzle/items in a more logical sense. And find a better solution to the whole ""node scanning plot device"" mechanic. Which coincidently switching between scanning and laser felt kind of awkward... but I digress. Overall and despite my huge gripe with the game, I liked it. The story and immersion was enough for me to overlook the things I hated much about the game."
,Recommended,290770,11704864,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Majesticles,9/10Much atmospheric.Such voice acting.So story.Wow.
,Recommended,290770,20578912,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,genoforprez,"First the bad. To put it frankly and concisely, the controls/interface are not user friendly AT ALL. You will struggle against them for the entire game.However, if you begrudgingly accept the controls/interface for what they are, you will be blessed with a wonderful adventure game in the most classic sense of the word (including the part where you wander around for 45 minutes using the fork on the light switch for the seventh time because you don't know what to do next, and I mean that in the best way).Also the game has a really great story. The basic premise is that a futuristic combat suit equipped with an AI has essentially gone into emergency auto-pilot in order to help the dying person within the suit. (Yes, you read that right. In this story, you play the role of sentient clothing!) What follows is yet another tale that closely examines the point at which intelligence ceases to be artificial intelligence and becomes just regular intelligence.OH WAIT. Did I mention that you will also be blessed with BLACKTHORNE STYLE COMBAT.BLACKTHOOOOOOOOOORNE.Overall this game was pretty sweet, but now I have to go play Blackthorne.VERDICT:7) A classic, essential, and/or must-buy game that is worth full price.6) A good game that is worth the full price.5) A pretty good game worth checking out--especially if discounted.4) A fairly good game, but I'd recommend buying it discounted.3) Not great, but a few redeeming qualities. Only buy if heavily discounted.2) Only worth checking out if you are dangerously curious.1) Avoid at all costs."
,Recommended,290770,17949083,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,B3RyL,"I kida stalled with playing this game because I was afraid it wouldn't meet my expectations. I love those indie sci-fi puzzle platformers because, if the creators are sensible enough, they are just the right mix of deep, ambitious storytelling and down-to-earth, classic platforming and puzzle-solving. Like Swapper, which is one of my favourite games of all time. Let's just say I love the genre and the potential it carries. But all too often the games just fall flat because they are either too ambitious and story driven which makes for a very confusing afternoon, or too casual and mainstream which makes for a very disappointing afternoon.This one is the winner in my book. It's just the perfect love affair between mind-bending storytelling and brain-churning puzzle-platforming. There were a couple of times where I was ready to throw in the towel and cry my way towards the nearest walkthrough, but just at the right moment the puzzle revelaled its secrets and everything was good again. And it felt good too. And the story? Wow. Very well paced and with some unexpected plot twists. Before long you start to think like an autonomous war machine on a mission to save its pilot by all means necessary. Or do you? ;) There are some feels too. Nothing tear-jerking but you do feel like you've witnessed something meaningful.If you look for negatives very hard you could probably point to the fact this game was clearly made with consoles in mind and the porting team didn't even bother removing the oh-so-helpful ""Use your Right Stick"" tutorial messages, let alone redoing the UI so that it is actually semi-usable when playing on a PC. As it is, the interface is probably the biggest facepalm-inducing thing in the game. Other than that, the sound didn't make a big impression on me (then again I was playing on a sub-par headset). The cover system and combat in general felt kinda tired and ""trope-y"" with all those waist-high walls and ""silent takedowns"" but it's by far not a major part of the game so I guess it's fine.In closing: If you like puzzle-platformers - buy this game; If you like thought-provoking storytelling - buy this game; If you like indie sci-fi games - buy this game. Hell, just buy this game and either way you won't be disappointed, and you might even be happy. Like I am. I'm happy I got to play this game and I'm looking forward to the second installment."
,Recommended,290770,17604130,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Amarand Agasi,"A fascinating, dark game, with a steady stream of exposition, a fun fighting mechanic, and lots of story elements that unfold at a reasonable pace.  My favorite part?  The mystery of the world, its inhabitants, and lack of light. I love adventure games, action games with stories, and puzzles.  You like puzzles too? Not too easy, not too hard?  Perfect!  The only thing that would make the experience better, is the second installment of the series to be available right away!  But, I'll wait...."
76561198142775720,Recommended,290770,28150680,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Deapcrash101,"The Fall is a kind of limbo reminiscent 2D shooter/platformerish thing. It suffers from some of the typical puzzle game flaws. That being that at times the solutions to puzzles are things that are just tiny, and something you wouldn't notice without the help of the internet. Or maybe i'm just dumb, whatever. The atmosphere is really good and the story is pretty interesting, and when you're not stuck the game play in general is pretty engaging. However the final boss is pretty simple to take out.    Also something that is pretty disapointing is that the ending of the game gives you an impression that that you can choose from multiple endings. Even to the pont where the game basicly says you can. But in the end it dosen't actual give you a choice. But over all it's still a great game and i'd reccomend it to anyone interested."
,Not Recommended,290770,25935436,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Silver,"Would not recommend. The total play time is something like 3.5 hours. The clunky game inferface is designed on purpose to function like you're playing it on a 1980s analog computer. There is no mouse in this game though your character's aim is controlled by the mouse - you just dont see the cursor. Interacting with objects is a chore. Always use shift and then fiddle around with the movement keys to try out different inventory items on them. This is a puzzle game, and chances are slim you will be able to play it without the help of a walkthrough. Story is meh. Opponents are meh. Overall, not recommended.Spoilers: This game is virtually devoid of story. We leave with more questions than we begin the game with. Why was A.R.I.D. even sent to this planet? What is this planet? What exactly happened to the facility that killed everyone? I am aware of the mushrooms and the slugs, but I can't imagine they were responsible for everything. And why were there so many bots in stasis? I felt like they all contained a human and by shutting them off I was basically doing genocide but that question never came up later. It just...all of it...makes no sense. Also, this game came out in 2014 but we're still waiting for the next episode 2 years on, given that the game ends with ""to be continued"". I felt sorry for the long list of people who kickstarted this game. They got one evening's worth of shoddy entertainment and thats it."
,Recommended,290770,11510110,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,rkfg,"Well, this game has its downsides so I'll start from them. Just so you know what's bad and won't whine at it after the purchase. I played on Debian Linux with XBox 360 controller. The game can be described as a quest/action. You should explore the surroundings, find objects, use them on active places and shoot robots and other creatures from time to time. It may sound boring in this brief description but believe me, it's not at all. So, what are the downsides?— It's quite short and ends with a cliffhanger. Took me 5 hours to complete, some people may divide the price by hours and make a wry face. Though for me it's perfectly fine because these werenotyour usual 5 hours. Whatever. Two more episodes are in the works and will be sold separately.— Gamepad controls can't be reassigned and were chosen poorly. Switching the flashlight and the gun with right stick press? Oh god why. The X button isn't used at all as well as the left trigger. And you can't switch while the flashlight/gun is holstered. So you have to tilt the RT AND press it. And you have to do it pretty often. Aiming is quite poor, sensitivity can't be adjusted either. After some time you'll get used to it but still.— Oh them .exe everywhere. I don't want to believe that future AIs are running Windows as their OS. That's of course a dumb complain since I'm a biased Linux guy, just noticed and facepalm'd a bit. Opinion discarded.If that hasn't scared you away, let's get to the good parts.— First of all, I want to denote the outstanding, no,OUTSTANDINGvoiceacting. That's literally one of the best acting I heard in games since the Portal series (though in ""The Fall"" protagonist actually, he-he, has a voice and man what a voice!). In most of AAA titles voices are plain and boring, they're just there and that's all. It was a big surprise to find this genuine play in an indie game. Despite the grim atmosphere, there's a place for sparky jokes and sarcastic acid here and there to lighten it up a bit. All characters are unique and they develop as the time goes. It's impossible not to love them!— Quests are logical enough... well, not everywhere. I was really stuck only in one place but it seems to be common. Quests have their piece of humor, too. Often dark as the game itself. I'm very ok with that.— Overall atmosphere is perfect. From graphics to the background noises, it's an abandoned and at the same time hostile facility where something very damn bad happened long time ago. It reminds me of ""The Swapper"" though ""The Fall"" is not a puzzle and more story-driven. You'll get some clues as the story unveils but a lot of mistery is saved for the future parts.— Sci-fi themed. I love sci-fi, space and robots!— Has a Linux version. A strong point for me since I'm only buying and playing ported games now. No crashes, no glitches (except the mentioned unconvenient controls but that's a platform agnostic issue). It just works!— I noticed some Mass Effect references, though maybe I'm digging too deep. The author mentioned the ME series in the FAQ (probably, that was not just a random title!), the A.R.I.D. voice and character are similar to EDI in some respects and her outfit is very close to quarians' suits. Again, that may be just my projections since I'm an ME-fan.— DAT A$$.All in all, 9 out of 10. A must play game for sure. Some issues can be fixed in future, some are fundamental and by design. Nevertheless, I seriously consider this game an indie gem you should not pass by."
76561197991154213,Not Recommended,290770,19824339,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,_jema987,Quite short and only (as far as I can tell) part one of three. Kinda neat though so not a complete writeoff but I would recommend waiting for all the parts before purchase.
,Recommended,290770,11101863,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,That Greek Guy,I love this game and everything in it but trust me and dont buy it until it gets a sequels because the game doesnt end. It just stops.
,Not Recommended,290770,11483053,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,dejaime=D-Newbie,"The game is nice, great atmosphere. great context... but this is only half a game.Half the ""abilities"" in this game are fakes, just fillers. So, don't try to track your progress through this list.I liked the game, but feel cheated.Wait and get the discounted bundle with the entire game; the other parts certainly won't come free with this one."
76561198027556111,Recommended,290770,24025578,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,MikeOxbig,"Amazing game. A little steep on the price (I bought it on Summer Sale for $1.99), but the Devs put alot of work into it and the voice acting is tremendous. I have to admit some of the puzzles are a bit tough and I did use a walkthrough/guide here and there, but all around this is a fantastic game and the first game I've managed to get all achievements in. LMAO."
,Not Recommended,290770,20104991,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,frobnic8,"While the story idea is compeling and the visual presentation is stunning, the forced, linear plot makes a powerful idea feel trite and railroaded. Instead of geting to explore the ideas raised in this story through choices and play, you are forced down the only path even as the ending becomes ever more tediously obvious.Pick it up on sale if you are in love with the idea, but I can't recommend this game as is-both because of what it is, and because of what it should have been."
,Recommended,290770,28279007,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Psi Crow,"I bought this during a sale and I'm so happy that I did! I really enjoyed playing this so much that I instantly played it all again with the developers comments (what you should not do until you finished it to avoid spoilers).Really good story, strange characters, awesome voice acting and a dark, mysterious, eerie environment, - all accompanied by some nice soundtrack!For solving the puzzles you have to read and explore your surroundings and think outside the box usually in a macabre way, but you don't need to come up with some obscure random♥♥♥♥♥♥like in some point-and-click games.The action parts are rather simple, but they stir it all up and remind you even more of the hostility of the place.If you want a nice Science Fiction story, go for it! If you want an action platformer and are too lazy to read brilliant dialogues, go ♥♥♥♥ yourself!10/10 would alter my basic functions again :PPS: sooo hyped for part 2 >>The Fall: Unbound"
,Recommended,290770,10342399,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Invalid Search Result,"""Nothing binds me.""Lost my♥♥♥♥♥♥right then and there.Despite some minor bugs, the game is good. I'd give it solid 8/10, 7 of those being for the atmosphere and voice acting. Really felt immersed in this thing.Developers, I wish to throw more money at you to make the second episode come out sooner."
,Not Recommended,290770,33503413,Posted: 13 July,all,Lukewarm Bong,"This games has its ups, but mostly downs. The voice acting made the story interesting, but other than that, it's hard to find good things to say about this. If you look around even positive reviewers aren't ignorant to the quirks this game has. Most notably the controls... I think I'd be best off using a pro/con list for oncePros-Good story-Great Voice Over (on the Administrator AI, specifically)-Dank yet thought-provoking setting/atmosphere-Challenging Puzzles, some people like to play the guessing gameCons-Controls, clunky and unorthodox to say the least.-Horrible combat-Minimalistic, cheap UI. |- - - - - - - - - -|  << literally that-Under-utilized potential. I was able to use the assassination mechanic maybe twice throughout the whole game-Puzzles can be convoluted and make almost no sense. You're gonna be using a guide for this one-Extremely short game. I beat this, and then beat it again for 100%, and have barely over 4 hours of playtime total...When the credits came up I felt like it was still somewhat incomplete, like the whole game was just cut short. Then it hit me when I saw the giant list of donors. It was a kickstarter that probably used less than half of the amount they raised. This game truly felt like it was laboured out of necessity- like they did as little as they could possibly get away with to fulfill what they promised to their backers. So, instead of giving the negative things a pass, like a lot of the other reviewers seem to be doing, I'm just gonna go ahead and be honest with myself and down thumb this one.tldr; Amazing plot, stunted execution"
,Recommended,290770,11686748,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Soul Reaver,Fresh story and nice gameplay mechanics.
76561198080786199,Recommended,290770,10645284,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Iron&Wine,"I first saw this game on Kickstarter and was highly interested in the premise of an exosuit's AI helping its human master. By the time I had acquired enough currency to help fund the game, to my pleasant surprise I realized I could BUY IT - and better yet, during a steam summer sale. Euh euh euh euh.The games a GOOD game, but it's not a great game. The puzzles at first were refreshing as it makes you think differently than how you would have to think for a puzzle game. I was surprised as to the game mechanic that I could use actual deductive reasoning to solve a task instead of just doing what I expected the game to funnel me into doing. I jumped for a ledge, and rather than bouncing off it like in other games, I actually could GRAB IT. Why that's what I would've totally done if I was ARID!This refreshing take eventually fizzled out after about 1-2 hours as the puzzles start to become completely unintuitive. With most of the puzzle space being accessible most of the time, its as if the game takes pleasure in watching you helplessly backtrack through the entire game thinking you 'missed something' that you didn't point your flashlight to. Most of the game will be spent back tracking or flailing a new ability/item you acquired that you thought would come in repetive handiness but are sorely disappointed. Like, WHY AM I CARRYING THIS SEVERED HAND EVERYWHERE IF I DON'T NEED IT? or WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO WITH THIS BAG? Why can't I use this bag to collect X like a real person to solve that puzzle?Bugs: Choppy animation on enemies taking cover. Strange ladder bug where I phased through half the map and started interacting with a ladder 2 floors down. (Not a bug, but definitely needs a fixing). Controls for mouse and keyboard are pretty bad. I couldn't change the key binding settings mid-game either, had to quit, edit, then restart. What? I also shouldn't have to tap both the selection key, and then the space bar to see which key actually selects the button. Why can't I just use a mouse like normal folk to select menu options? Shooting should have a cross hair to give a sense of direction of aim. Laser pointing isn't enough.Yes, lots of frustration at some points, but the voice acting is amazing, characters are likeable, atmosphere is spooky and engulfing. I quite enjoyed it and look forward to THE OTHER HALF OF THE GAME. I just wished this was actually a true complete game that isn't just masquerading as a Steam Greenlight title. Almost half your 'parameters' won't actually ever work by the end of the game. Anyways, it's 10 dollary doos. Buy the game, support the team but personally, if I see the control and bug issues continue through to the next game, I'm going to have to black list The Moon Games for a long while. Thanks for reading!"
,Not Recommended,290770,23558676,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Deckard_,"Game itself isn't bad and the story is intriguing, but I'm going to give this game a pass on recommendation due to the controls.  I feel that I should be playing this game on something other than a mouse and keyboard, it's too awkward to play even after making changes and trying different key variations.My only conclusion is that it must have a different feel if played on a different control system.  Clearly this game isn't for me."
76561198059334763,Not Recommended,290770,25944943,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Asmo,"The FailTL;DR: not worth it on its own, wait for all the episodes to be out. Better yet, spend your money on something else.And now for the full review.--I am very, very glad I bought this on sale.There are two types of games: those that innovate, and those that execute a tried-and-true formula. The Fall firmly belongs in the latter category. And while that is a valid approach to game-making, one can only get away with it if the execution is done right.The Fall doesn't do it right.First, there is no story. At all. And yes, I knew going in that this was going to be an episodic series, so it's not like I feel cheated (unlike most other reviewers). What bothers me is that this can hardly be called Episode 1. The Fall is merely an introduction. A shamefully short introduction, at that, meant to set up Episode 2. Or at least that's what the developer tells us, but in this day and age, is there anyone still naive enough to believe such promises? Maybe they'll deliver, maybe they won't. I won't hold my breath. Anyway, it took me 3 hours to finish the thing, and the ""big reveal"" at the ""end"" of the ""game"" was so obvious, anyone with half a brain could have seen it coming. Utterly anti-climactic. And it makes me think that, if that's the extent of their story-crafting capacity, there is no reason to expect anything good from the sequel.Then, the gameplay. It was not quite atrocious, but still largely inadequate. Here is an example: in order to intereact with your environment, you need to point with the right analog stick (playing with a gamepad), hold down the right shoulder button, then cycle through your available options with the left analog stick. Yup, you read that right, for something as basic as calling an elevator, you'll need both thumbs to input three commands. Really.And beyond the useless over-complexification of basic tasks, the game suffers from a general sluggishness (every button press takes a small delay before being registered), and sometimes plain old stupidity: for instance, taking cover and cloaking are the same button. So if you are standing close to an object you could take cover behind, but still far enough away that you'd think the cloak would activate, in reality neither of those things will happen when you press the button and you will just stand there taking fire like a sitting duck.Finally, the atmosphere. While the game does have a silver lining in the form of Arid's dialog lines, they are few and far between. The rest of the time is spent trudging along a depressing environment, to the sound of a depressing musical score. The Fall doesn't manage to be as psychotically funny as Portal, nor is it as mind-bending as The Stanley Parable. Basically, it feels like playing a watered-down soup of things you've already played before.In conclusion, I recommend staying away from The Fall, and even staying away from The Fall 2 when it comes out. The episodic format here feels like nothing more than an excuse for lazy game development. If the promised story absolutely intrigues you no matter what, then my suggestion is still to wait for all the episodes to be released. It might take a few years (if it happens at all), but in the meantime there is no shortage of better games to play."
,Not Recommended,290770,19737572,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Dr. Vape,Where are my killstreaks? Like what the heck man. I WANT MY NUKE!!! not worth the 10 cents I usedIn all honesty. A piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,290770,15457664,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,TheBlueLotus,THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!! They should not be charging JUST ten(10) dollars!10/10 best game ive played in a VERY long time.
,Recommended,290770,28585374,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Silly,"An utterly intriguing narrative permeates this sci-fi puzzle game, which touches upon the existential questions that an AI mind faces. Taking place in a dark and decaying world, a mechanized combat suit AI faces a trial of obstacles in its objective to ensure the survival of its human pilot. It faces an environment relinquished of care, a system of rules at odds with its own, and a hostile robot that lurks in the shadows.This is an indie game that shines in its art, with very few rough spots. The controls are simple, though a little tricky to use in one place. The puzzles are solid, though perhaps a little stiff and unaccommodating to the unperceptive eye. The character performances are excellent, yet highly functional.Do play this game."
76561198207248145,Recommended,290770,28530288,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,theismiu,Great game. Nice setting. Really nice how logically the A.I is treated. Looking foward to the continuation.
76561198137363172,Recommended,290770,11513240,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,VoldeMorty,The Game is small but super clever. If you dont get another game this year get this one. I loved watching the walkthroughs just to see everyone was just as lost as i was playing it.
76561198035993527,Not Recommended,290770,20975979,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,roadvirusss,"Outstanding story. Frustrating, buggy gameplay.I ran around in the very first area for 30 minutes, because a hole had appeared in the floor which prevented me from accessing (or knowing about) a vital piece of the first puzzle. I had to look up the solution to realize that my game had simply bugged, which was solved by a restart. A few minutes later, after completing another early area of the game, my character suddenly lost the ability to jump. Again, I ran around for a few minutes trying to determine whether this was simply a game mechanic, before looking up a guide and realizing that I again needed another restart.After that point, I effectively had lost trust in the game's puzzles. not knowing whether they were challenging or rendered impossible due to game-breaking bugs. It was only because of the great story that I trudged through the rest of the game with a guide. I'm sure that not everyone will have my specific experience with bugs, but given the threat, I wouldn't recommend this game to others."
,Recommended,290770,16725770,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Bob The 3rd,Your mind is software.Obey it.Change it.
,Recommended,290770,29147354,Posted: 9 January,all,SUSH4NT,"good adventure, good times !"
,Recommended,290770,27183936,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[WB] nukk3r,Solid adventure with a nice plot twist. Could've been longer. Looking forward to play part 2.
76561198045189573,Recommended,290770,11528964,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Maida-ko,One of the best Indie games I played in a while. The dialogue makes the game feel real and the environment and mood of the story was really detailed.Hopefully the 2nd part and the 3rd part would be finished as the developer has promised.
76561198199972067,Not Recommended,290770,28830191,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,MarkLightmeister,"I want to like the game. The storyline and graphics are cool.But if you like to play with a mouse and keyboard, this game is incredibly frustrating. For some reason you have to keep running around holding right-click down almost the whole time in order to see what you can interact with. The mouse sensitivity is so slow that I had to tweak my mouse speed settings to the fastest to make the game barely playable. Even then moving the torchlight around is painfully slow and unprecise.I guess if you play with a controller then you might enjoy this game."
,Recommended,290770,24827834,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Mei Ling Zhou,^^ I rate this game . ^^^^ Story : 6/10 ^^^^ Presentation : 5/10 ^^^^ GamePlay : 5.5/10 ^^^^ Performance : 7/10 ^^
76561198012235333,Not Recommended,290770,24681173,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Loremonger,I only paid a dollar for this game.  It wasn't really worth it. Not sure why people kept saying the story was so good.  It was okay and kind of reminded me of portal's story a little bit.  Gameplay is not that great.  It is a point and click adventure for the most part.  Some puzzles were fun and others were neigh impossible without hints.  I don't really recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,290770,24520120,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Befraia,"I purchased ""The Fall"" during Steam Summer sale... Unfortunately, I bought it together with a couple of other games and wasn't able to ask for refund, because I was beyond the 14 days of evaluation - I just had played 20 minutes to understand that I didn't like this game. While the story is intriguing and the atmosphere right, gameplay is not. The puzzles are sometimes straightforward, sometimes awkward - I just collected everything I found and combined them by chance -- no deeper thoughts. What's more, this is just episode one. 4/10."
76561198114988926,Recommended,290770,16574531,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,[MiT]FilthyCheezStake,Siri is that you?
,Not Recommended,290770,26718950,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Rosengrantz,"The worst of point-and-click, minus the ability to use a mouse.Story is not nearly as profoud as it thinks it is."
76561197972491454,Not Recommended,290770,19623289,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Chareth Cutestory,"I totally regret buying it.This is the first review I've ever written, I want to present a contrary viewpoint from most of the other, positive reviews. This was a valiant effort on part of the developers, but in my opinion every aspect of the game is amatuerish. I love indie games and have a high tolerance for rough edges, but I could not finish this game. The clunky controls, silly writing and minimal animations/presentation were too much for me to continue after one hour. These issues by themselves aren't damning, but all together they make for a game that is hard to enjoy."
76561198002450835,Not Recommended,290770,28992454,Posted: 3 January,all,Nutlaw,"Not a fan of this one. I bought it on the basis of getting very solid reviews for its story, but I'm not seeing it. I get where they were going with it, but it isn't anything particularly novel. The gameplay is clumsy and working through the puzzles seemed like more of a chore than enjoyment. It's also very short, so I'm not sure why it has a $10 price tag. Might be good for some, but not my cup of tea."
,Recommended,290770,27919149,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Terr,"Pro: Good ambience, setting, and mechanics. A solid Chapter 1...Con: ... But short length and inconclusive ending. Can be completed in about three hours and there's not that much replay value beyond making a few minorly different choices for achievements. I bought it on sale, but at full price I would have been a bit disappointed."
,Recommended,290770,27920888,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DINO: THE HIP-FIRE QUEEN,"This game is such a little gem! The story hooked me, and I was so invested in what was going to happen. For fans of artificial intelligence-themed scifi games, this is one I'd definitely recommend. This game has both eerie and surprising moments. Gameplay mechanics are relatively simple, characters are well-written and intriguing, and levels offer variety. Is there going to be a sequel? I would REALLY like to play a sequel, especially after that ending!"
,Recommended,290770,10329516,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Larry Chupacabra,"The Fall has a great mix of elements. The sort of simple non-confrontational puzzles of limbo. Mixed with some more basic types of shooting like a 2D Mass Effect. If your interested in a great Sci-Fi oriented adventure puzzler, then this the the game you've been looking for.Jump in and experience the ever changing future and personality of ARID. The Pilot saving AI!For those interested in a gameplay preview, Ive put together a ""First Look"" review on youtube:http://youtu.be/4S9ZtbaJsYo"
76561198093919303,Not Recommended,290770,34622512,Posted: 30 August,all,Master Cube,"The Fall is about an AI struggling through rudimentary testing in an attempt to serve it's pilot. It's mostly a puzzle game, of the point and click sort where you pick up items and move them around, but there is a bit of combat as well. Completing this game took me 2 hours, but I also cheated, so it's probably worth a good 3.5 if you're really vigilant.I didn't really like it. I'm not a huge fan of this genre of game in the first place, and the atmospheric horrorwhich never panned out; I was a bit freaked out at times but nothing ever got more dangerous than those security robotsdidn't do it for me either. I will say that if you're a fan of the genre I described above, this one is probably going to entertain you.The soundtrack was ok. Each ""level"" (literally, levels of the structure but more loosely grouped) had different music. Some were good, some weren't, but I'm not going to crucify a game for mediocre music. (5/10)The story was probably the most compelling part of the game. It asked questions about purpose, truth, and the conflict between following the rules and deciding that the rules are stupid. (8/10) Major spoiler:Unfortunately, I really disliked that the caretaker ended up as the ""bad"" guy; it would have been cool if the mainfraim AI turned out to have been truly evil, instead of just surviving the obsessiveness of the caretaker. But the ending was also really neat: it instantly made me think that the whole thing was part of a test of ARID's cleverness or something, but we'll just have to wait and see what the sequel is like!The mechanics weren't great. Although polished mechanics aren'tsuperimportant in a game like this one, it was still kind of annoying how the screen would ""flip"" back to looking behind me whenever I wanted to look at the ceiling for whatever reason. Essentially, the shooting and puzzle completion were fine, but the observation was a bit of a pain. (6/10)And finally, the art! It was actully a decent style. I will admit that The Fall lives up to it's ""atmospheric"" tag: the whole experience really felt dirty and gross, which is I'm sure what the designers were going for. The 3D modelling was good, if a bit lacking in polish, but overall things felt cohesive and made sense visually.(7/10)So, overall, I give it a 6.5/10. Good enough, but not fantastic, probably too short for $10, but with interesting story and decent puzzles behind the whole thing."
,Not Recommended,290770,34043802,Posted: 5 August,all,minuteye,"I want so badly to love this game. It has a fantastic aesthetic, interesting premise, and intuitively constructed puzzles. The dealbreaker for me, however, is the controls. It just feels absolutely terrible to play.Some key issues:- Aiming is quite off, to the point where my cursor has to be halfway across the screen from what I'm aiming at in order for the gun to make contact. Given the importance of precise timing to the combat, this is very frustrating.- Jumping feels floaty and unpredictable.- In order to interact with objects, they must be highlighted with the flashlight. Interactable objects are not visible otherwise. You literally have to be shining a flashlight on an elevator panel directly in front of your character in order to press it. This means the flashlight has to be out most of the time, which slows your movement, and suffers from the same awkward aiming difficulties as the firing does.Playing this game is largely a question of betting on whether I can get through 10 minutes without quitting in frustration at the horrifyingly bad controls.If you are someone who has a very high tolerance for control-based problems, and nothing I've listed above sounds like a big deal to you, then you might want to give it a try (for obvious reasons, I can't vouch for any late-game or ending content), but for the overwhelming majority of players, this is just going to make you miserably frustrated."
76561198020085437,Recommended,290770,10300115,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Nokzen,"I enjoy the game very much, good story, with voice acting and graphics are nice, puzzles plentyfull too :)Pick it up and try it out.http://youtu.be/IaR3bpzJ9_o"
,Not Recommended,290770,29008871,Posted: 4 January,all,HausMaus,"Tedious game with nonsensical puzzles, tons of backtracking and mostly unclear objectives. I can't be bothered finishing it."
,Recommended,290770,11473111,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Hahahrawrrahaha,"This game is really good, though short, it is worth every penny."
76561197984785481,Not Recommended,290770,26227964,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,[DSDIZZT] Lalle75(GER),"The first 30 minutes were much of fun. It is an interesting story and nice graphics. The controls could de better, but it's ok for an indie game.But I cannot recommend this game, because you get stuck so many times, and you keep running through the hole game back and forth, searching for missed objects.An example (without spoiler): After solving a puzzle in the left area of the map, something changes on the right side of the map (without hinting it). And the difference is located in the shadows at the ceiling.Another example (without spoiler): On a large and dark flodded floor is a hidden spot somewhere in the shadows.3rd example (without spoiler): The game sometimes gives you the illusion, you can decide what to do. So you keep searching for other options before going the obvious way. But there is only one way and you wasted you time.Although I searched some time for hidden spots, I could only proceed after reading certain walkthrough guides. I would not buy this game again."
76561198078830918,Not Recommended,290770,25920680,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Sheisty Individual,"This is a really promising game.Game? I mean, first chapter of ""maybe"" a full game.All the ingredients for a great game are there but i beat this in one sitting (2 hours)Nowhere is it written that this is only chapter 1And they charge people 10€!!!I mean, are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me? Unless chapter 2 comes for free, I will consider this game a cash grab, a scam.Oh! and look at the critics' statements on the game's store page:“Hands down, The Fall is one of the best games I have played.”Indie Game Mag“A Modern Classic.”9/10 – That Nerd ShowThat's hilarious!! such dishonesty should be illegal. What a bunch of sell-outs!I really enjoyed the...segment of a game I was given the opportunity to try out but it felt like a demo, no more, no less.It is not worth a buy at 10€!   Thumb down"
,Not Recommended,290770,28134132,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Tiggum,This game seems designed to be as annoying as possible. Why is the torch not a toggle? Why do the info markers not show up unless you point the torch at them? Why are the controls making my hands cramp after ten minutes? Who would play this?
,Not Recommended,290770,28556940,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Robertpa1234,"The game was kind of fun, but pretty short, barely 3 hours.  Hinted at a cool story, but ultimately disappointing.  Wouldn't pay more than $5 for it"
,Not Recommended,290770,16882356,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,}{igh&}v{ighty,"The Fall has a lot of great qualities and ideas but ultimately leaves you wanting more, and not in a good way. Very simple point-and-click mechanics, painfully simple action, way too short. Very linear, no real decisions to be made. Though I was slightly dissappointed I still enjoyed the experience - I was just expecting an actual video game rather than an interactive graphic novel.One thing that really bothers me, especially since its such a major part of the game, is the flashlight. The game overall does a very good job with the visuals, sound and music, but ARID's flashlight is just terrible - Donkey Kong Country did such a better job with flashlight effects 20 years ago.I could see a lot of people getting into this. Just don't pay full price."
,Not Recommended,290770,19628793,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Eight675Three09,"From the overall score I seem to be an outlier, but I encountered a lot of bugs in this game. The first was inability to exit the Settings menu because of a non-selectable Back button; the second was inability to exit the first intro page for the player's stash. After these I gave up. Maybe I'll pick it up again, it seems really cool, but for now I'm done."
,Not Recommended,290770,28108167,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Bratwurst,"Horrible controls!Press and hold right mouse to use a flashlight, point at object to interact with, then press and hold LeftShift, (you may let go of the mouse button) then while still holding LeftShift (which didn't work on my machine so I used ""E"" instead as usual) you need to use the WASD keys to choose the typ of interaction and then let go of LeftShift/E to confirm.WHAT. THE. FUUUU???9/10 would uninstall again."
,Not Recommended,290770,15622112,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Zet,"I thought a long time about whether to recommend this game or not. I finally decided to give this game a ""no"". Here's my explanation why:I bought this game, knowing it was a short, but nonetheless story-rich experience. While the visuals might give the impression, this is sort of a ""Swapper""-clone, its pace is much slower and more emphasis is placed on actual reading and getting to know your surroundings. All in all, it can be described as a 2D point n click adventure with combat elements.While I really enjoyed the story and the atmosphere of the game, I was horribly overstrained by the gameplay. I know, I do not play many adventure games and never really have, so it should come as no surprise to me that I had some trouble, navigating through the game. However, soon the intense atmosphere was destroyed by the fact, that I was walking through the same corridor the sixth time or so with my flashlight on permanently, just to figure out, where in the surroundings it was, what I had overlooked. This is also a problem, since crucial objects blend perfectly into the background and you have to scan everywhere.In the end, I had to look up a few solutions in a guide, since I wanted to finish the game, but gave up on finding a solution myself. Maybe I lack the patience and/or logic for such games, so if you are used to such a gameplay, you might love The Fall. If you are, however, like me, you will probably not enjoy it much and soon end up on a try-everything-in-your-inventory-on-everything-on-the-map-just-to-see-if-it-works-state."
,Recommended,290770,11006430,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,doed,"YOLO?False.In some instances the paramedics may be able to revive the person, so they may live to die again."
,Not Recommended,290770,16998135,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Chrumk,"""Best story I've ever played!"", ""The deepest story of this generation"", ""Best AI-themed story ever!""No, not really.Simple game, quite short, predictable story - not deep, not innovative. Ends with ""The end of the first episode"".About 2h of gameplay for 10 EUR is not a very good deal, if you expect to see part of the story. 7h recorded by Steam are due to... me falling asleep. And this supposed to be a horror with gripping plot."
,Not Recommended,290770,16510193,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,HEALTH AND SAFETY OFFICER,"It is a perfectly fine game, grat even if it is your style to enjoy. This is one of those ""I dont like it because its not my game style"" The story is the only path and its rigid, you need to find and use items in a specific order. that mechanic gives it the ehadache factor as I call it. Where you must do one thing just right to keep going with no hint. There are people who will like the game I just get to be the other guy."
,Not Recommended,290770,17652390,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Samus_D,"It's got some interesting moments, but lacks long term depth. The controls are clunky and the combat system is filler for lack of content. If you've played bioshock or limbo, you can skip this.I would give it 3/5 for trying something different."
,Not Recommended,290770,16486631,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,windstrider,"Pretty neat game, I only paid $2 for it though and it only took 3 and a half hours to complete.I like the game but it's way too short and ends with a ""to be continued"".Buy it if it's on sale, otherwise yoooouuuu can wait."
76561197992384326,Not Recommended,290770,16631326,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,DiscoJoker,"Mixed bag. I would only recommend this game to someone who has an appreciation for concept, mood, and other art aspects of games.The Fall has a great atmosphere. The story and transitions help to draw you into a derelict, distopian world. The voice acting is well done.Gameplay is mediocre. This game would be ok for casual gamers. Controls are moderately clunky (I used an xbox controller). Gameplay involves looking around rooms to find clues and items to interact with. It is not always clear what to do next, or how to solve the puzzle. Some of the steps required to complete puzzles are rather arbitrary. There are also some interspersed combat sequences. These are fun, but 80% of the fights are not challenging at all, thanks to the cloaking device, which allows you to go untargetable.The game seriously lacks content. I beat the game in just over 4 hours. (I bet I could do a speedrun in less than half that time.) The Fall should be called ""The Fall: Chapter 1"". The story, which is so captivating and expertly told, will leave you feeling a bit unsatisfied. Additionally, there is almost no replay-value. The game mechanics give you the illusion of choice and customization with arbitrary dialogue options and ""upgrades"" that, instead of being used to offer a variety of experiences, only serve to keep the game linear (similar to Tomb Raider 6). So you're basically paying $?.?? for a game you're going to play once for 4 hours. Worth it? You decide. However, what little content they have is decently well done, and supposedly, The Fall 2 is currently under development. If you like a good story and have a little disposable income, go ahead and get it.49/100I would only recommend this game to someone who has an appreciation for concept, mood, and other art aspects of games.-2015"
76561198153479656,Recommended,290770,25932482,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,AmenoLELE #off_20days,"very awesome game but it is a little bit hard especialy if you want to earn all acheivements,you will like it if you like LIMBO and INSIDE."
76561198044242277,Recommended,290770,33025230,Posted: 29 June,all,Chitose,"A fantastic side scroller with captivating atmosphere and an intriguing story. I found myself compelled by the reasoning of the main 'voice' of the game, and hoping for more to come."
76561197999057238,Not Recommended,290770,34492181,Posted: 25 August,all,LordSutter,"beautiful graphics, lovely soundtrack and engaging story all feel wasted when paired with the clunky and unintuitive UI. decisions made in the controls could have been worked with and overlooked had action sequences not appeared,requiring better control than feels possible in the game. combined with some frustrating puzzles too early in the game, the control scheme marrs this to the point of unpleasantness."
,Not Recommended,290770,11128071,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Lun4tic,"Immense amount of bugs including a few progression blockers to boot. There's no exploring; the puzzles and combat are forced on you in a very straight-forward manner. The puzzles are less about creative thinking and problem solving and more about random or mindless actions as the game progresses. The combat is so bland it could have been left out of the game, entirely.The story is about robots talking to other robots like robots. At the end, a robot figures out it's a robot. It's over in three hours. Delete local content."
,Recommended,290770,13005017,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,tgsid2001,"This is my first stab at a point-and-click type of game in a while and overall I really enjoyed it! The storytelling, voice acting and atmosphere is phenomenal. The controls are responsive and fairly intuitive (it actually reminded me of the SNES Blackthorne game...? Very odd, but very fun. ^_^).Many of the puzzles were fun and common sensical. However, as seems typical of many P&C Adventure Games, some of the puzzles were rather unintuitive, relying more on finding the hidden 'easter egg' that will give you the item/interaction you need to hammer through. I had to use an online guide only twice. Which, I guess isn't bad...?My only major complaint is the length of the game and the cliffhanger they leave you on! OMG WHY!?!  >_< However, I'm willing to overlook it's shortness because it's a crowdsourced indie game and they've promised 2 more episodes.It bears repeating: the story is SO worthwhile and thought provoking. It is SO well told through voice over and short cutscenes. And the setting is SO intriguing because of the unique art, great sound and balanced gameplay.SO... give it a try!"
76561198067880029,Not Recommended,290770,17923122,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,egamer761,"Ohhhhh GOD!! It works fine, just boring as hell. sorry, BOOORRRRINNNGGG ASSS HELLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!! 99.9% of this game is running back and fourth. the enemies are SLUGS (OHH MY!!) and robts with pistols. just boring. bad music to. actualy no, just boring super duper looped music. i only  payed a dollar for it.but yeah. the screen shots are the whole game"
76561197970615776,Recommended,290770,11009732,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,PT-Eclipse,"Amazing, super fun, but oh so short :-( 9/10"
76561198017260386,Recommended,290770,11335542,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,keylevra,"Un jeu a ambiance aussi élégant que soigné. Une écriture digne d'un Asimov, et des puzzles a la Hauteur d'un Baphomet.Seul ombre au tableau, un gameplay de combat un peu trop rigide.A acquérir d'urgence, un futur classic."
,Recommended,290770,13109510,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Defendor,"One of the best storytelling and narrative I have experienced in a game. Actually, I don't think I have ever seen artificial intelligence been portrayed better then in this game, neither in any other game nor in any movie. I loved it.The gameplay is about 4 hours long, but it was well worth the money. I will definitely buy the sequels."
,Not Recommended,290770,16683870,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Magnus17,"I want to like this game more than I do. And, if you can get it on sale, it might be worth it. It has a good atmosphere, the voice acting is great, and the idea of the game is fantastic.However, the gameplay is derivative and not particularly great: it uses a cover system for fighting (poorly, in my opinion, since getting into cover doesn't always work well, and you have optic camo, so cover is pointless), the puzzles are interesting but nothing more than ""use item A on location B after activating flag C"", and much of the time puzzle solving is spent trying to figure out which puzzle you're allowed to solve now.The story, often said to be it's strongest point, is interesting, but not particularly original or groudbreaking. It's a better (completely linear) story than most video games, but so are most books, movies, and television shows, and a great number can be gotten at a much better value than The Fall. It does have some very clever moments, but it ends with the traditional twist, shock!, instant ending, cliffhanger, ""to be continued..."" that plague so many other ""story-driven"" video games, whether indie or AAA.Was it worth it? I got it on sale, so I'm not particularly upset. Will I buy the sequel? Probably, but mostly because I saw real potential in the developer; this game, on it's own, isn't really worth it to me. But, I do believe, if he can make a really good story (not a good setting or good characters, but a good story), it would be worth my time. The Fall, though? Go play The Swapper instead; it does almost everything this one does, but much, much better."
,Recommended,290770,23764081,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,WishingPole [FMC],THIS GAME IS AMAZING
,Not Recommended,290770,16675116,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,BloodaxeUK,"The Fall is certainly a good story, however, it is a dull game. Most of the gameplay revolves around trying to find a single item somewhere on the floor, and then combining it with another item halfway across the map. The combat is no better; once you figure out where to angle your gun, then it becomes ridiculously easy.The story itself, though, is well done. It explores the behaviour of robots relative to their programming, the nature of rules, and has a few good twists along the way.Graphics are decent enough. Moving on.Audio? The voice acting is very good. The music however, is easy to forget. The ambient sounds are nicely done though.All in all, would be better as a short film."
76561197967477870,Not Recommended,290770,16712888,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,therealgnu,"Nice gfx, but has zero logic to it, you need to alt tab and browse forums for everything you do. Only illogical ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t solutions to everything."
76561198123586966,Recommended,290770,11846381,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,dog mum,YES
76561198057399208,Recommended,290770,16592637,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Soda Joe,Where is Joseph? Was he even there?  What Happen? Can't wait for The Fall 2
76561198045056763,Recommended,290770,16479057,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,lance armada,100/10100000/599999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999/4
,Recommended,290770,25404303,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Ryozuki,"I always loved this types of games about the 3 laws of robots. And how it has to break them to safety the human inside, and how controversial it is as he needs to damage him in order to save him."
76561198067924542,Not Recommended,290770,25377719,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,izzyforce1,Keeps crashing at the same part during the beginning :( it's too bad cause this looks really nice :(
,Recommended,290770,24306778,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Atomsmasher5200,yes
,Recommended,290770,12782108,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Candy Van,"Stylized visuals, an eerie atmosphere, and an interesting story make the Fall a very gripping game.While the gameplay itself is nothing spectacular, it is at the very least serviceable, allowing you to complete your objectives and advance the story at a satisfying pace.Those that are a fan of post-apocalyptic or dystopian science fiction should definitely take a look for the price."
76561197995339533,Recommended,290770,11666470,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,I AM SINISTARRR,"This game has the best robots, and with the sequel finally in production, there won't be a better time to try it out."
,Recommended,290770,28517652,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Dr. Preposterus Ballpoint Pen,"I absolutley love this game. Now I've never been a guy for the story, I always want a good gameplay experience rather than a story. This game changed that for once. I had played through the game on my first sitting as I was so engrossed I couldn't bear to leave my chair, and when the game I sat, jaw dropped for nearly half an hour after I kid you not. tl;dr I F****ING LOVE IT GET IT NOW"
,Not Recommended,290770,16467361,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Spizy Chicken,"Buggy, freezes on exit.I can't give much of a review since this game has some bugs that won't allow me to exit the game unless I enter Windows task manager and hard close the game.For now I can't suggest this game."
,Recommended,290770,16125021,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,davidincostamesa,
76561198079504435,Recommended,290770,32881335,Posted: 27 June,all,YakYik,Great game! Just wish i didn't have to wait for the second one!
76561198125279735,Recommended,290770,33218179,Posted: 3 July,all,Eli,Waiting for the Fall 2...
,Recommended,290770,11836291,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Samoose,"Great atmosphere, reminds me of The Swapper. To describe the game in one word it would be ""simple"". The game has minimal controls and options. Kind of short, but still good. I would recommend this game although the game is somewhat short."
,Recommended,290770,12983170,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Avolition,"This game is brilliantly unique.  The premise, story and mechanics are all wonderful and different.  This is the first part of a story that explores human morals by comparing them to the operating parameters of an advanced AI.  It is dark and confusing at times, but it is well done.  It will leave you wondering.DO NOT BUY IF:- You want action.- You want puzzles.- You want closure.DO BUY IF:- You want to explore a deep, dark story of the human psyche with enough action and puzzles to keep you on your toes."
,Recommended,290770,29795035,Posted: 8 February,all,AWEdio,"Controls are hideously annoying... Cute little game though, some of it has crazy puzzle connections."
,Not Recommended,290770,29968900,Posted: 16 February,all,Paizaking,"I didn't enjoy playing it since I simply can't seem to be able to  find these tiny items on the floor. They're really hard to find and there's no option to enable some kind of hints menu. I can't really give my opinion on it since I haven't gotten far, so please read other reviews as well."
76561198068723028,Not Recommended,290770,32490593,Posted: 16 June,all,Sea Weasel,"Side-scrolling Sci-fi game with stealth elements, shooter mechanics, and narrative themes. It had a lot of potential to be really good: The environment is dark and tense complementing the tense scenario that the protagonist finds itself in, the characters seem well created with great voice acting, and the story is compelling and brings up interesting topics, like the evolution of interaction between computers and humans and the way that an Artificial Intelligence manages/manipulates its protocols and directives to complete its task.Despite this praise, the game's action sequences and gun fights are subpar. The shooting sequences of the game rely heavily upon hiding behind cover, waiting for the enemy to fire a few shots, and then popping it in the head. This interaction between enemies and yourself is not skillbased: waiting is not a difficult thing to do.These combat areas are further hampered by clunky aiming mechanics: poor mouse aiming control (with no option to adjust sensitivity) limits your ability to aim, meaning that a controller is almost required to play; additionally, you cannot look straight up when you need to. And since this mechanical design carries over to pointing your flashlight and interacting with the environment, the clunky aiming controls follow you throughout the game, leaving most of the game dark and difficult to play.The Fall has good production quality put into its story, character, and environment design. But the end result of boring combat sequences and clunky controls leaves leaves the player literally in the dark fighting with the controls more than with the threats. Because of this, I cannot in good conscience recommend this game."
,Recommended,290770,13372508,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Overon,I loved the plot.  It was engaging and well written.
,Recommended,290770,13411212,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,bria5544,"Somewhat on the short side, though the developer has stated there will be a second and third part. Some of the puzzel objectives could be a little clearer, other than that, a great game."
,Recommended,290770,13487626,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Aquagrunt,10/10Definitley buying the next games if they make them.
,Recommended,290770,13382886,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Knoxious,"This is by far one of the most unique side-scrolling games I have ever played. As soon I started up the game, I immediately fell in love with it. I've started a Let's Play on my YouTube channel! You guys did such an amazing job! Looking forward to parts 2 and 3! :Dhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPt6Vl9_83g"
76561198035005384,Recommended,290770,13529822,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,TechPriest44,"It's a good game, but short. The story is absolutely ballbustingly amazing, and is set in an interesting enviroment."
,Recommended,290770,13840815,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Ponzi,"This game is so fun, but it's pretty hard. Basically a combo of Limbo and Dead Space. 9/10"
76561198069267819,Recommended,290770,17387379,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,SovietSTOЯM7,"Captivating story and setting, simple combat, enemies look cool."
76561198139171731,Recommended,290770,27594865,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,jcarlosjmnz,very nice twist
,Recommended,290770,29149143,Posted: 9 January,all,ShyGuyFan3,This is a interesting game hope for more pls
,Recommended,290770,27894380,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mr_JinGM,"One of the best story driven games Ive played, the gameplay is eggsalad and so are the puzzles. I rate this game 10/10 and say that it is definitely worth $10. Holla Holla Get Dolla!"
76561197987982145,Recommended,290770,28695410,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,badkrma,"Very involved, hoping for more of this.  I really enjoyed the writing and dialogue spoken that was used, I actually want to know what is going to happen and I feel involved in the story. Some puzzles are a little off beat to figure out... had to check a walkthrough for one of them...I'm glad to have played this game. Overall a well done game. I didn't want it to end...I hear there is a part two, that will be good news..."
,Recommended,290770,28743498,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,spaghettiarmy,"Pros:+Characters are fantastic.+Story is tight and straightforward.+Puzzles were fun.+$2 when it's on sale.Cons:-The controls. I used the keyboard/mouse and aiming was not fun. Trying to figure out the controls was a pain.-The length. It's not long and ends abruptly. A sequel is in the works, but it has been for two years.-Some of the puzzles are not intuitive. In particular,the baby puzzle, the old lady, and the playgroundwere annoying to figure out.Overall, trying to get the controls and the puzzles to work the way I want were kind of a pain and I wish it was longer. BUT what I did play was enormously enjoyable. I was deeply invested in the characters, and I couldn't put the game down. I felt the time crunch and frustration that ARID was facing, I loved the Mainframe and it's charm in the face of decay, and the facility I was exploring was disquieting and unsettling. I just wished there was more of it.tl;dr--great game; buy it on sale."
76561198074825295,Not Recommended,290770,28706195,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,jacob,"Positive: Original, atmosphericNegative: most puzzles menial and unintuitive, had problems launching on MacOS, too short, seemed like a chapter in a series, overpriced at 10 EURWould buy again, but too many negatives for a recommendation"
,Recommended,290770,26133478,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,MrRubi,Un juego bueno e innovador con puzles muy retantes (o yo soy muy tonto). QUIERO MAAAAAS.
76561198051194348,Recommended,290770,30724507,Posted: 25 March,all,Chance,A good game but not as clean and easy to understand as Limbo. Lots of good design choices obscured by the art style.
,Recommended,290770,12481258,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,>>>-------APACHON------->,this game is a must to have !
,Not Recommended,290770,19926389,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,castral,"5 minutes in playing on a macbook and i encountered several interface issues which eventually led to a bug that didn't allow me to progress any more. Seriously, all with in 5 minutes of playing. Uninstalled."
,Recommended,290770,11867392,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Delryn,"The story in this game is simply incredible. It feels like it takes inspiration from Asimov for its Artificial Intelligence based story, and it is certainly written just as well. And the voice acting, simply stunning. I would argue that ARID's performance is at least on par with that of GlaDOS. ARID's development over time made this so compelling.It's hard not to spoil this game. But I should also say that it's relatively short, and the gameplay is composed of a modest point and click adventure with clunky combat inbetween. It's appropriate for the atmosphere, but the puzzles ranged from incredibly easy to completely unintuitive with little in between. Nevertheless, I expect the sequel (which is in development, I hear) to improve these elements.I regret missing the kickstarter, I hope I can contribute in the future, though."
76561198008769125,Recommended,290770,11574490,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,EyeMinSain,"Crashed in a dark and mysterios alien world, you take the role of A.R.I.D., an A.I. bound in a combat suit.Your mission is to find treatment for the pilot occupying the suit, who is in critical condition.This world is unknown and hostile, so you're going to have to use your wits to ensure yours and, most importantly, your pilots safety.Explore the ruins of an long dead and abbandoned facility to find  medical treatment, but be aware, there is no telling which is the enemy and which is your friend.Can you protect your pilot, A.I.?"
,Recommended,290770,18955561,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,big nice,MORE.... MORE!!!
,Recommended,290770,12425376,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Eagleon,"An excellent short game. Well worth the $10.Side scroller action adventure heavy on the adventure, light on the action.A side scroller shooter this is not.If you like games that make you think, you might want to pick this up."
,Recommended,290770,16502142,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Poopboy,"I can count the number of indie games I enjoy on one hand, and The Fall is one of them. It's an exciting combination of storytelling, puzzle-solving, and combat. While I sort of expected the ending, it still felt satisfying to see the story play out.9/10, definitely will buy the sequel."
,Recommended,290770,20860086,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Salarn,"https://youtu.be/Lw-Hbj_db1wIt's not the fall that kills you, it's the sudden stop.  This platforming adventure game will have you searching for objects and clues to make your way through some dark and despairing locations.You primary function as a combat suit AI is to find help for your pilot who is unresponsive inside your suit after crash landing onto this planet.While the setting and theme are great the puzzle design and interaction controls both feel stiff.  If you can get past that clunkiness you'll find a great story in this game."
,Not Recommended,290770,11333728,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Marianas658,"The story was a little lackluster and so was the ending, which was a cliffhanger that left you wanting more, without much closure. The gameplay wasn't bad but it was bland and you spend in inordinate amount of time doing tedious chores that don't really add anything to game or much to the story. Overall, I finished it in roughly 5 hours and I felt as if I could've spent my money on something a little more fun and enriching."
,Recommended,290770,11538244,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,AKissFromDaddy,"I love the pacing, the atmosphere and the concept of an AI trying to save its pilot. I enjoyed the puzzle, however, some are really hard and I couldn't help but watch a guide. It will be infuriating when you can't solve a puzzle yet you want to continue so badly and you don't want outside help. Nevertheless, you'll hilariously need it. This is part one of a triology and I'm extremely excited to play the sequel. Personally, I'm easily please but this game really delivers a great, compelling narrative. Buy it. Play it. Enjoy it. This game is still awesome!"
,Not Recommended,290770,11994064,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Vino313,"The first in a conceived trilogy, The Fall has a great atmosphere and story with some fun puzzles but not much else to recommend it. Controls are unintuitive and combat is incredibly clumsy and tedious. Worth the $5 I paid for it but I doubt I'll pick up Episodes 2 and 3 if they ever get made."
,Recommended,290770,16451342,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,unclepeyj,Fantastic gameplay and stoty!
,Not Recommended,290770,11473481,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,ziabatsu,just not enough content for even the 5 dollars I paid.The character concepts are really neat.  The logic puzzles are a bit puzzling because you can't observe how some things might react to other things.  You have to basically guess correctly that an item might have an effect.
76561198077776625,Recommended,290770,15305903,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,mad_24,"""Oops. I'm sorry.""BEST QUOTE EVER.10/10yeah"
,Recommended,290770,14663684,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Khlorghaal,"Im normally not a fan of the sortof point-and-click, but this was very fun.Brilliant story, cant wait for the sequel."
,Recommended,290770,16464968,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,An Earl By Any Other Name,"If you like puzzles based around thinking creatively, retrieving items, and putting them to sometimes-unconventional uses, and if you're a fan of a well-crafted story, then you're going to love this game. It's that simple."
,Recommended,290770,16988672,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,PaulDoymin,8/10
,Recommended,290770,19475671,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Thanqol(),"A legitimate sci-fi hit, 10/10"
,Recommended,290770,30061684,Posted: 20 February,all,theBrost,"A 1,000 word review of The Fallhttp://awkwardmixture.blogspot.com/2017/02/the-fall-tumble-worth-taking.html"
76561198020144608,Recommended,290770,21598707,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Clark Kent,gg
,Recommended,290770,11077817,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,AngrySkull,"This game is amazing, the atmosphere and story are beautiful, the gameplay is very good, and it's a great deal of fun.  It's also very short.  8/10, loses two points because I want more."
76561198025306820,Recommended,290770,18564957,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,totorotipping,That stirred my brain-cauldron.
76561197989589154,Recommended,290770,18560365,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,gÜdrÜn_SkulD,"A finely made game with nice art style, interesting puzzles and captivating story! Can't wait for part 2!"
76561197968600033,Recommended,290770,18557668,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Rolo zzt,"Fantastic story.Good adventure game (not quite point and click but very similar gameplay there), puzzles aren't too absurd.Just a little bit of action.Won't be fun if you don't like to read in your games.  Lots of text."
,Recommended,290770,18903227,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,legobane,decent linux game
76561198065934871,Recommended,290770,16515276,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Silverspork,That ending is hauntingly brilliant.Pick it up and experience it for yourself. You won't be disappointed.
,Recommended,290770,10674006,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,AlienNova,For ♥♥♥♥s sake
,Not Recommended,290770,26125389,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,HellFencer,"I got this on sale so I feel less bad about giving it a bad review.ControlsFirst, the control scheme is just awful. Want to accomplish a task? Press and hold several buttons, EVERY SINGLE TIME. Want to look at stuff? Great, just drag your mouse so far you have to pick it up off the mousepad and move it to get more room to scroll. Several times.Honestly, this felt like the developers ported a mobile game to PC, because the controls feel like swiping.Game Length[/]You can see my playtime here; 4 hours. It killed some time before work but not much else. I ended up using a walkthrough because the puzzles just didn't make sense (and I didn't want to use the terrible controls for any longer than necessary).StoryAlright, I'm not spoiling stuff here, but c'mon, that's not a story. Shame on you, developers.All you had was a plot twist amidst a bunch of conversations. Even the moments where the story is supposed to feel ""weighty"" and substantial came across weak. I.E. When you have to kill all the robots in the lab.Yes, the idea was interesting, but the end of the game doesn't really explain anything.GraphicsSo, the game is ""pretty"" but I'm left wondering if it even matters? I've got a rig that is several years old and not built for gaming, so I had to run this game on 1024x768 just to minimize lag. I'm left wondering why this game needed to be built so seemingly graphics-heavy? Hells, it would have come across creepier in pixels.Innovation???What innovation!? Having the game unlock your abilities for you? Fetch quests? Pressing and holding multiple buttons in order to open a door? You are on something if you think this game did something new.TLDR;A game with frustrating controls and a lack of plot. Buy on sale or, better, buy something else."
,Not Recommended,290770,26595810,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,MPj,Controls are just awful and camera movements make you sick after a little time playing.Puzzles mostly consist in mindless guessing with little to no sense.
76561198067659801,Recommended,290770,12540933,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,His Holiness,You are irrelevant
76561198091878565,Recommended,290770,25835295,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Yracham,Ok. I want the next episode right now!
76561198002994478,Recommended,290770,13271818,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Styx,"Despite appearing to be a sidescrolling platformer, it is actually a story led point-and-click.Combat and platforming is largely irrelevant, story is good but short and the point-and-click is a bit hit and miss because its easy to miss interactable elements.Worth a go, but only if you dont pay too much for it. Get it on sale"
,Not Recommended,290770,28635575,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,get them puppy,"Adventure game that pretends to have action. Has moon logic, but it's not terrible. Pick it up for two bucks or not at all."
76561198091392488,Not Recommended,290770,11313223,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,noscut,could not get keyboard and mouse to work with this game.
,Not Recommended,290770,28617675,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Tehort,"It might have a nice story and atmosphere, however do not be fooled.The game has shockingly bad controls, it looks like it was MADE for consoles, and not carefully re-designed for PCs.I was really disappointed by how bad the controls were for mouse and keyboard, I mean, its just so clunky, specially after playing The Silent Age Masterpiece which is also a platformer with great gameplay."
76561198036898895,Not Recommended,290770,24259411,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,SuperNova,"I cannot recommend this on the basis that it is an incomplete game and I was not given any indication of this before I bought it, I realized it was only 'episode 1' at the very end of the game to which i threw my hands up and said 'what the ♥♥♥♥ seriously?'.its been 2 years and episode 2 has yet to be produced, I cannot say whether it ever will be but I've been let down too many times to retain hope for this 'series'. Hopefully though I'll be proved wrong and will eventually get waht I paid for originally and some closure on the story, at which point I will gladly change my review."
,Not Recommended,290770,28265648,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Strix,"The Fall is an interesting short adventure story where you're the AI of a powersuit trying to find a medic so you can help the human unconscious in your suit. You're stuck on a planet in an abandoned robot-creation complex, and along the way you befriend the facility's glitchy AI and try to thwart the facility's even glitchier security AI. This is frustrating, because the premise is amaaaazing - but the execution is shoddy. I know they're all logical AIs acting according to their programming, but they feel like they're trying to be as unhelpful as possible in every given situation. The facility itself is a joke - why on earth would you need to walk robots through sitcom-esque training situations? Can't you run a simulation with their programming or something? But I digress.My quibbles with the story aside, the gameplay is bad. It's 2D exploration - run with WASD, use the mouse to look around - but you have to clunkily mouse over things with your flashlight, and it's just...awkward as you hunt for hotspots. I'd forgive this if the rest of the game were worth it, but the gameplay is adventure game puzzles: rub objects against each other until things unlock. Find new hotspots. Repeat, repeat, repeat. That's boring! It forces the game to rely entirely on the story to carry itself, and as I just said, the story is bad.But....let me be fair, for a moment. I did enjoy the protagonist AI's stubbornness and pride. I was bothered by the final events in the game. I am curious about the sequel, whenever it drops. The graphics are pleasantly dark and spooky, with darkened silhouettes for everything. I enjoyed it, at first, before I got far enough in to be bored, and primus above the puzzles did not help. Not fun.One last thing: the combat is tacked on, bad, and there to waste your time. Press shift to hide behind cover, aim to shoot, blah blah it's really bad."
,Recommended,290770,13825386,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,TimeDoctor,I love The Fall.
,Recommended,290770,23899314,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Dayemon,Game looks awesome.Haven't played it yet as I'm still stuck in settings menu.11/10 Would play stuck in settings menu simulator 2016 again.
,Not Recommended,290770,24695207,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,cero490,"I can recommend the console version, which works and is fun, but, at least for me, this will not play on my computer. Maybe you'll have better luck though?"
,Recommended,290770,11479945,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,alilgoat,"I'm very glad I waited until this game was %50. If I would have payed over $5 for it, I would have been upset.But for $5, it's a great deal."
,Not Recommended,290770,13536251,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,BlueSonata,Until The Fall gets patched for the bugs and issues listed below DON'T BUY THIS.Keep checking patch notes for patches on:Mouse controlsManual camera control optionsLatency issues on inputsI've played this game for a bit and I loved where the story was going and the atmosphere of the game but seriously the controls suck serious♥♥♥♥♥ If you don't believe me then you can check out my footage on YouTube:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAtN_mgKnlY
,Not Recommended,290770,24749426,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Sorimachi,"I bought this because it's on sale, and the reviews were fairly decent. But after an hour of playing, I've had to reference a walkthrough several times. I'm not particularly good at point and click, since it requires testing everything possible, but I feel like the puzzles give you no hints of any kind.The story seems intersting, but the game is just agitating me, so I can't recommend it."
76561197974161256,Not Recommended,290770,21107892,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,FFFFFF,"the mood is lovely, but the combat is poorly executed to the point where the game is unplayable"
,Recommended,290770,11625693,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Anterk,"Finished The Fall in 3hrs, got a ""to be continued"" for the effort. However, considering how little I paid for it and how much the quality reminded me of, say, TellTale's work (Sam & Max, Tales of Monkey Island, etc), I'm willing to endorse this game. The graphics are timelessly beautiful without being mind-blowing or machine-breaking, the story proves to be both coherent and entertaining, and the gameplay is wonderfully simple.The Fall is an adventure game with action elements. You'll fight robots from time to time, but you'll spend most of your time completing puzzles. Some of the puzzles suffer from unintuitive solutions, but the puzzle system within the game helps to reduce the confusion. Magnifying-glass icons revealed by your flashlight give clues and provide locations agianst which to test whatever items are in you inventory.You can't even see your inventory unless your examining a magnifying-glass icon, so there's no need to try and click on everything you see. It's true that there is no good hint system for when you get stuck, but there's already a good guide/walkthrough available in the guides section of the community if needed.My only complaints stem from the short length (there's no mention anywhere on the store page that this is basicly ""The Fall part 1"") and the illusion of choice that appears within the game. Specifically, there was one sequience that attempted to force you to heavily consider the cost of a certain power drain, to the extent that it left me wondering if there was another option. However, to the best of my knowledge there was no other option, and the game's prompting or implying otherwise was merely a Spec Ops The Line style ""your a terrible person for doing this"" moment. I'm fine with playing the bad guy, but the extent to which The Fall goes to to encourage the idea of a second choice is enough for me to wonder if the developers were just too lazy to fit the game together correctly, or if they just left something out.Overall, The Fall is fun, but don't rush to buy it if you're hoping for a real ending (not a ""to be continued"")."
,Recommended,290770,10939547,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Giddy Wraith,"A quick and compelling adventure game in the style and atmosphere of games like: The Swapper, Limbo, Deadlight, and other 2.5D sidescrolling adventures with a mix of combat and puzzles. Definitely worth the buy, especially since there are plans for a next episode. (sequel/DLC?)"
76561197977060014,Recommended,290770,24666993,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,137255137255,"I got this on sale.  I thought it was gonna be this and that.... (I'm a nut for action games).  Taking a moment to step out on an adventure focused on character development has been a very enjoyable experience.  Being stumped by challenges that in hindsight should have been easy for me to figure out have humbled and inspired me.  Time to focus on being myself and intelligent again.  That's how it affected me.How is it as a game?  Do the words gripping, atmospheric, and engaging grab your attention?  Well.  So many times during this adventure I found myself reacting physically to this adventure.  Going ""Blegh!"" offscreen, and OMG no way!!!  Then being compelled by the narrative to press on and discover more of these characters, the world they are surrounded by, and its status...  This game pulled me into it's own world and intruiged me allot more than I gave it credit for when I first begun.  I notice I keep going back to my experience in this tale, instead of judging the game itself.. though...  Isn't that what games are all about?  Pulling us into something we can enjoy that make us explore ourselves (whether we think it's cool or not when we first start it)?My thumbs go up to this title.  I enjoy it and it makes me want to play through it again just to discover more about myself and my thought process (which, I know, sounds strange; I should know myself right?).  Then why did this game suprise me from within?.....  Kudos director.  Keep it coming.   TY-Focus.David"
,Not Recommended,290770,18755862,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,stabbyjones,a robot arm a frying pan and a crucified guy on a cross bleeding on the ground; welcome to the first 5 mins. That's enough for me to know that this is a point and click game with a controller.
76561198028617903,Not Recommended,290770,13425669,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Nibbles,"While The Fall makes a good attempt, it is unfortunately not a smooth, seamless game and it lacks certain critical cohesive elements.Pros:+ The story CONCEPT+ The voice acting (it's actually quite good)+ Auto-saving and reloadingCons:- The details and unfolding of the storyline- The movements and animation- The combat- The controls (oh my god, the controls...)Details:Someone started this project with a good idea.  It was simple enough to execute while still being interesting and strong.  The voice-acting for the main characters is well done and helps to make the dialog very engaging.However, the game suffers from a lethal combination of unwieldy controls and a very disjointed telling of the story.  Many of the tasks and intermediate goals (including the combat) are not only difficult to complete due to arbitrary object/action associations, but also seem completely unrelated to the main objective.  This makes the game disjointed due to seemingly random tangents and it quickly starts to feel more like work than something intended to entertain.Although the heart of a good story exists somewhere in here, I honestly cannot recommend this game (even on sale) since the frustration and boredom greatly outweigh the fun."
76561198129082929,Recommended,290770,20495951,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,hirokaraka,"Mechanics need more work, but the plot, atmosphere and acting are fantastic!"
,Not Recommended,290770,11219034,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,JIMSL1CE,"At the start I was shocked that this game had such amazing reviews, it seemed like even the most basic this like movement was unfinnished. But I did love the aesthetics of it, The puzzles just didnt make sense sometimes and you pretty much had to just try every item on everything. There was also a couple instances where the actionable item to continue did not have a marker over it. The story was absolutely amazing, but nowhere in the description did it said that it isnt the full game... It Part 1 of 3 and finnishes with ""To Be Continued""...I thought this game was great until those word came up on the screen, and now I feel robbed, I would not have bought this game if it said anywhere that it was just Part 1 and not full the game."
,Not Recommended,290770,16628970,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,himmatsj,"Gotta give a thumbs down cause this game is difficult and way too frustrating to complete without consulting a guide, that is unless you're a veteran of point and click adventure games.Solutions that are at times too elaborate, made more difficult by the fact you have to be very precise while aiming your flashlight to find exact interaction points.It's got a good atmosphere going, even if the graphics and animations are below par. Pretty good voice acting, and a decent enough narrative to tie things together.Sadly, I personally found the gameplay too frustrating, so fair warning to the more casual gamers out there looking to buy this."
,Not Recommended,290770,26304537,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Iggy,"bad mix of point and click adventure with awful unintuitive ""rules"" and a bad cover-based stealth game.Story is like 3/10 so far, not worth smashing my face into a wall to figure out the latest bad puzzle."
,Not Recommended,290770,19270657,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Mellow,"Just read the other negative reviews - as I should have done... After 6 hours in, can't even recommend it at sale... :/"
76561198268107598,Not Recommended,290770,25402517,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Cole,The game just keeps going left like my character cant go right :(good thing is i got it just for 1 euro :)
76561198007655205,Not Recommended,290770,25058660,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Lostdivinity,Not for me!
,Not Recommended,290770,11678017,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Besotted Bear,Horrible
76561197983918013,Not Recommended,290770,17438657,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,CHILLI DOG,Try all of the things on the other things. Does that sound fun? It's not.
76561198202022263,Not Recommended,290770,33946791,Posted: 1 August,all,Fallen Brony,"I demanded my money for this one, not because there were any glitches or the game was boring, I just didn't expect it to be difficult to control and the puzzles weren't for me....There isn't even a tag for puzzles which makes the game very misleading, i'm giving this game a big thumbs down.3.5 Rating due to the confusion."
,Not Recommended,290770,20045925,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,yami,"Terrible linux support. Not a very fun game either. Tried too hard to create a specific mood but falls short at gameplay, controls, level design, etc."
,Recommended,290770,16915060,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Jaynsaw,"Beat Samus Aran unconscious and take the control of her suit and you get ""The Fall"".Awesome idea.10/10"
76561198042092936,Recommended,290770,13683983,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Paladin,"HOLY ROOT-TOOTIN CORN DOGS ON A HOT SUMMER DAY AT THE TOWN CARNIVAL IS THIS A GOOD GAME. Ahem. Well. I can't properly contextualize how euphoric this game is. To be totally honest (and I would never say this for ANY other game), it's ephemeral nature suits it so eloquently I couldn't not write a review. Yes it's short. Yes it's convoluted, but the puzzles make you think abstractly like an A.I. that has one singular purpose and yet isn't even sure if her light in the darkness is really the way out... I only have one thing to say and that's BUY IT SO THE SEQUEL GETS ENOUGH FUNDING TO BE 22.3x BETTER THAN THE FIRST. If this game was a stick it would be a good stick."
76561198031678887,Not Recommended,290770,14199796,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Rouchin,"Puzzle game with controls that are annoying to use and a storyline not worth the time to watch it unfold. At no point does the game flesh out why you should care at all at what is going on and the anticlimactic end leaves the player with a sense of ""Why did I even spend money on this?"" To top it off, it does not even mention that this is only an episode with possibly more to come.Graphically it's okay as a side scroller doesn't need much, as for audio it's pretty good. The combat difficulty is quite low, the closest thing to a challenge is the boss fight and it isn't enough to keep the game interesting at all."
,Not Recommended,290770,11018279,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Facewizard,"The Fall is a mediocre adventure game combined with a poor action game. it is redeemed, at least partially, by a nice final-second twist-- but suffers so much from bizarre puzzle design, hot-spot-hunting, and poor camera controls that I really can't recommend it to anyone but hardcore adventure gamers or huge robot-fiction fanatics.Highlights:1) Neat story. Could have been told a little more quickly, but still good.2) A cool integration of the game's pause menu into the fiction of the gameworld. Has fun payoffs as the story goes on.3) Decent voice acting.Problems:1) Extremely annoying camera controls2) The exact kind of bizarre, pointless, unconvincing puzzles that gave adventure games a bad name3) Super uncompelling action gameplay4) All puzzles dependent on interaction hotspots that are sometimes difficult to find5) Dark, uninteresting art (that sometimes makes puzzles harder to solve)I honestly can't recommend this to most players, but if robot stories are your thing, you'll probably be able to handle the shoddy puzzle design. Everyone else should probably give it a pass."
,Not Recommended,290770,13679382,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,"Huey ""Slammin'"" Emmerich","More parts are on their way, but in the current state, it's not worth the full ten dollars. I completed it without tutorials in less than three hours, and I lack the common sense to solve most puzzles without heavy pondering.Here's an actual review for you:In this game, you are A.R.I.D., an AI helping an unconcious piot to safety by controlling his mechanical suit. All this game really boils down to is a point-and-click adventure game with some short combat sequences, from a side-scrolling perspective. The atmosphere is well-made, but I feel a majority of the puzzles are a bit too open-ended(for one, you have to jump underneath a ten-foot-wide elevator where the only control panel for it is on the elevator itself).Again, it's not worth itin its current state.I may change my review when more content is added.There is a Twilight Zone-caliber ending, though."
76561198006734457,Recommended,290770,14248136,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,ROBINO,Good game.  I haven't played many platformer puzzle games but this is a decent effort (if a little brief).I don't think it's worth £6.99 though.Good story and atmosphere.
,Recommended,290770,10922243,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Iron,It's not a game. It's an experience. I'm in love with it. Can't wait for the sequels.
,Not Recommended,290770,10972853,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,VENDETTA,"Choppy Animations, cumbersome controls with pad = bad gameplay. Looks and feels like an Early Access game."
,Not Recommended,290770,32880415,Posted: 27 June,all,Rekalty,Those are some horrible controls... Will update review when/if I can be bothered giving the game another chance.
76561198085686494,Not Recommended,290770,11666298,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Jaden129,sherlock homes but with robots
76561198061392101,Recommended,290770,10771261,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Spocks Toupee,"This was a great game.I honestly didn't know what to expect, as I watched the game trailer and just fell in love with the atmosphere and also the fantastic character animations.The voice acting is absolutely top-notch.The combat, (for me anyway), is ""just right"", not too difficult where you can't progress, and not too easy to where you feel like it was just thrown in at the last minute to slow you down.This game really got me tocareabout the Character and not feel disconnected.I can say my only complaint, is that I didn't know that this game is going to be a trilogy, but I'm fine with that, as long as I can continue to help ARID on her journey, becausethatis what this game is actually about, The Journey,notthe Destination."
76561198068611267,Not Recommended,290770,26470203,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Demonic Duck,"To be honest, I bought this game blind. And even with no expectations, I was still disappointed.The story just gives itself conveniences to create tension and drama which makes it feel forced and kind of boring. Not only that, but the characters take some wierd actions with little reasonable explanation and ended up making the overall message very confusing. Worst of all, the ending was just a stupid twist from out of left field.If this game had any interesting gameplay mechanics, I would have been ok with the story, but the story is pretty much the only major part of it.Spoiler: The main character is given the choice to shut down millions of security droids and they treat the decision like it's genocide. ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME!"
76561198009661980,Not Recommended,290770,16895851,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,qlawdat,Worst control I have come accross in years
76561198271484809,Not Recommended,290770,26311737,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,dareng,"Damn it! Why does this game have to be so unresponsive? Look, I play games on my laptop and I don't use a mouse. I don't HAVE a mouse. So, when the game's primary mechanic relies on using the right mouse key, it's kind of problematic. What's worse is that fighting mechanic requires you to hold the right mouse button AND press the left one at the same time. Which is simply impossible on my touchpad. Now any other game would give me an option to change configuration in the settings. But nope, I can change my keyboard controls but not the mouse buttons. Also to the devs – great idea adding those cracks on the main menu. It's always best when the words on the screen are distorted beyond recognition.And now Steam requires me to say whether or not I would recommend this game and I cannot really answer that because I'm stuck at the very beginning because I can't shoot. Fantastic."
,Not Recommended,290770,12918591,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,manwhat,"The Fall is a point and click adventure game with occasional 2D shooter elements.I can't recommend it. The good points are that it's got a decent story to it, great voice acting, and nice music. The graphics and lighting are also pretty good.Unfortunately, it's a chore to play. Combat is never really interesting and feels like it was thrown in to appease action players. Some of the puzzles are nonsensical in how they should be completed, being more convoluted than they need to be - e.g., overloading a battery to make a machine break off a piece of cardboard, when you could realistically break the cardboard yourself. Certain commands available to the player show up constantly, but are only usable a few times at all in the game.Go play The Swapper instead."
76561198028754810,Not Recommended,290770,24661878,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Vivec55,I got cancer from running back and forth for about 30 minutes looking for a ladder that was hidden in the dark...
76561198097014654,Not Recommended,290770,12855906,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,markis5150,"Looks nice but I'[m not feeling this game at all. Way too many puzzles for its own good. Fetch quests that never seem to end,but hardly any combat.  There comes a point when you say enough with the freakin puzzles. This game is disguised as a platformer/combat exploration game. but its just puzzles,and boring ones. the worst one being i had to meet requiments,performing a test in order to pass certification for security that was not allowing me to enter a new area.  Guess what the test was...a puzzle. Guess what it requires..cleaning a house. Dusting,picking up trash,baby siting. OH My God WTF? This is a game? And the worst part being the puzzles are not clear. I found a vase,had to make the house look all nice like a happy home. I found flowers,so flowers go inside a vase,right? Well I didn't pass the test,game says the wrong colored flowers are in the vase,not a happy looking home. Run around all over,there are no other flowers,so in short I'[m stuck. geeeeee,nice puzzle there. I wish I had the 4 bucks I wasted on this back. warning,don't buy this game. Go mowe your lawn,go out and buy the right colored flowers to make a happy home,just don't play this torturing piece of trash.  And don't let the graphcs lure you. YouTube to see how this plays,its not good! Final Judgement 2/10. The 2 points for graphics and that it uses a 360/X1 pad. Thats it! Avoid!"
,Not Recommended,290770,29268558,Posted: 15 January,all,Bastidge Child,"Controls are awful, didn't bother making it past the first level."
,Not Recommended,290770,12677821,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Heqx,"A clunky point and click meets a clunky cover based shooter & platformer to create a game I don't like. Within minutes it had degenerated into trying all of the available actions on all of the question marks I could find which is not a good sign. The puzzles just don't yield that eureka moment that makes adventure games worthwhile, its a fight against the game.With the help of some guides I was able to overcome the bad design and managed to get my gun to find the shooting has about a 2 second delay (sometimes?) but not for the enemies and the cover system was pretty bad which just made stuff worse. The menus are similarly clunky, taking seconds to open and switch between while they emulate an old computer display. Clunky really describes this game.The game is an unruly combination of things that just don't mix well. The plot seemed interesting though."
76561198042237203,Not Recommended,290770,25590364,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Dekion,"Enjoyed game up to point where baby removed using kill tube. Not for me. Uninstalled. Guess I should have payed more attention to the ""disturbing journey"" blurb."
,Not Recommended,290770,30851127,Posted: 31 March,all,♥ Great Goddess Guri 💕,Not worth its money
76561198031761046,Recommended,290770,30378311,Posted: 7 March,all,Attrox,really good game but still waiting for a second and third part....
76561198004199954,Recommended,290770,30385744,Posted: 7 March,all,illegalchin,"The Fall is a video game that oozes with atmosphere and has an engaging narrative concerning purpose, AI sentience, and what is consciousness? Yet on the other side of the spectrum lies the game's terrible combat, iffy interaction UI, and miserably short length. I completed this game in a mere 3.5 hours! Even with the 9.99 price tag, there's definitely people raising their eyebrows at this already. The Fall is apparently the first in line of a trilogy, the second game is soon to arrive sometime in 2017. Unfortunately the developers do not list this anywhere on the game's store page... a bit misleading don't you think? Let's just hope that the sequel has more content than a mere 3 hours of gameplay.This is by no means a bad game in fact it's a very well made one. But the length of gameplay is definitely a big factor for a lot of people so I recommend waiting for a sale."
,Recommended,290770,10767475,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Siro,"I had a lot of fun with this.  The story was interesting, the art was great and I'm really looking forward to seeing where it goes from here."
,Recommended,290770,10696420,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,BMXninja,Pretty good.
76561198210495511,Recommended,290770,19347769,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,somethinoranother77,A beautifully created platform game full of mentally stimulating puzzles and morally challenging storytelling. 10/10.
,Recommended,290770,19349860,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Kushina,"Wow... this game... and the ending?? When did you say will be The Fall 2 released? Cannot wait, must play! You have to explain!"
,Recommended,290770,10999285,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,<4,This game is an amazing game. Get it. You wont be sorry. 9.3141593/10.
,Recommended,290770,19400933,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,kilotick,Best story I've played. Can't wait for the next one!
,Recommended,290770,19429132,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,StevenSeagal,"The Fall is a very hard puzzle solving game with a very interesting story. Without delving too much into the story itself, the characters are interesting and the situations presented are subtle but thought-provoking nonetheless. This is the first of a series of episodes it seems like, so don't expect a long term engagement. In fact, the game seems perfectly suited for its length: not too long, not *too* too short.Gameplay-wise, the game could use some polish, I think. The controls are fine and respond well, but the way you interface with puzzles could use some streamlining. It's quite easy to walk past major items you need for later in the game, as well. The puzzle designs are quite challening and have a high difficulty curve as well. Some of them are farily straightforward, others require backtracking to almost irrelevant items you came across before. The combat sequences don't seem especially challenging or rewarding and seem to exist more as a check box that ""yes this game has combat...sort of.""The story is what shines here and I'm looking forward to experiencing more of it. I just hope the interaction with the envioronment and gunplay improve for the next episode."
,Recommended,290770,19407228,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,futurevgd,Words are not ca
76561198199268669,Recommended,290770,19408143,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Kekistan_Fallschirmjäger,went into this game knowing nothing...came out amazed
76561198004145760,Recommended,290770,19275984,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Avenger8,A good puzzle game. I liked the story and the gameplay. Hope there is a sequel in the mix.
,Recommended,290770,19281930,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Jefarious the First,"This is probably my absolute favorite indie game. I bought very shortly after it was released because I thought the concept looked cool, and was completely blown away by how amazing it was. It blends phenominal and interesting storytelling, challenging puzzlesolving, and fun and intuitive combat mechanics all into one concise package. While it isn't very long, it doesn't waste a single moment of playtime as it immerses you in this mysterious world with a skeleton cast of colorful characters that are very well voice acted and truly make you invested in what happens to them. Considering that this game was created by a company that originally consisted of one person (but that I'm sure has added to its numbers since) it is an extremely impressive piece. I cannot recommend it highly enough."
76561198042617573,Recommended,290770,12983296,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Tom,"Though short (around three hours for an inept first-timer), ""The Fall"" has great art direction and atmosphere, and delivers solid, intuitive, enjoyable gameplay.  It serves as an intriguing Act One to a larger, yet-to-be-continued story, and it's a story I'm definitely following."
76561198017273494,Recommended,290770,19370400,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,beangrinder,Thought provoking regarding the potential evolution of AI's. Looking forward to The Fall 2!
,Recommended,290770,19419345,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,SpaceLapin,"Recommended ON SALES, clearly not worth the full 10€This game is a very pleasant experience, but lasts for around 3h (with a lot of backtracking and searching for - sometimes very obscure - solutions to puzzles), before ending on a ""to be continued""... meaning you'll be forced to pay more if you want to know the end of the story and unlock the half of listed ""skills"" that are still not available when you arrive at the end"
,Not Recommended,290770,19474986,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,"everyone fights, no one quits","This game feels like a scam.  I bought it under the impression it was a complete game, only to find out that it was a buggy part 1 of (unknown), and the other parts don't exist yet.  I see that recent work has been done... to add trading cards.The puzzles require you to think like the developers, which means you can't logic your way through them.Final verdict: don't waste your time."
,Not Recommended,290770,19529165,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,clefru,"Cumbersome UI. Boring and but hard combat. Hard to find puzzle details because everything needs to be dark. Overall quite meh. The story looked promising from the trailer, but I probably watch those thoughs as a movie not wrapped in an unpolished game."
76561198035915039,Recommended,290770,19202235,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Dragonofyre,A really fun point and click puzzler with combat. Really excited for the next episode.
76561198088860189,Recommended,290770,19290275,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,SSSDante,"A quick 3 hour play, wonderful voiceacting and story. Portal fans will love."
,Recommended,290770,19387314,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Whitetailfox,"I'll try to be frank: the game is heavily story based, so if the trailer intrigues you, it's worth considering. However expect an adventure game with puzzle solving and the occasional cover shooting segment for variety. It'll be the puzzles you'll probably be dealing the most with, many of which are pretty enjoyable. I'd carefully recommend to those who know what they're getting into."
76561197969466441,Recommended,290770,19379263,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,thehermit2,"This game is a 2D side-scrolling point and click adventure game with a post-apocolyptic sci-fi theme and some light combat. It is beautiful and atmospheric, similar to Limbo, and has an intriguing story, but is ultimately burdened with some non-standard controls that feel buggy, especially during shootouts. This game took me about 5 hours to finish, and I used walkthroughs a couple of times because the controls were making me impatient. It cost $2 on sale, and for that price it was a bargain. It has a sudden cliffhanger ending which promises a sequel, and I look forward to it, although will probably wait for it to go on sale, too."
76561197970815119,Recommended,290770,19497728,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,cyb-009,"Excellent metroidvania alike game.Nice visuals, interesting puzzles, characters and a great story with some nice twists.ARID's development from a standard AI to a more complex being drivs the story and is well done.The aim controls wer a bit sensitive on my gamepad but nothing terribly annoying.Part one is a complete story in itself, but as it is part of a trilogy there are still some mayor questions left open, to be answered in the next installment I presume.Looking forward to part 2 and 3."
,Not Recommended,290770,19516576,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Gargoylenbe ✌,"I feel like I purchased an incomplete early access game.  Theres ~1/3 of a game here but the rest of it is simply missing.  You get to what feels like a checkpoint but then the credits start rolling and you are left with a link to check out the plans for a sequal.Unless more is added, I would not suggest picking it up at the moment."
,Recommended,290770,11050064,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Nightwielder,"The Fall is a sci-fi thriller that has a fresh take on Asimov's law of robotics. The game's atmosphere is well thought out with well paced music, well written character design, and the combat is spaced far enough not to get dull and repetitive. I still recommend keeping a Steam walkthrough guide open in the background, should you run into a snag. There were a few puzzles that got me stuck, not due to their difficulty, but rather due to their obscurity on how to approach the problem.The game took me around two and half hours to clear, so The Fall might not be the best time-to-money investment there is, but the title is still well worth the buy in my opinion."
76561198118888394,Recommended,290770,11011975,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Zenu,"This is a decent game, i'm not sure if its worth 10$ though. I think around 5$. The gameplay that is currently included, is pretty fun, and i just want to see more content. But on a good note, at the end it says to be continued! :)"
76561197972490364,Recommended,290770,11013147,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Extremer2099,"This game was good.  A little on the short side, but visually pleasing and with enough story substance with a bit of adventure brain tinker mixed with a dash of combat.Some may be quick to draw poor experiences or apprehension from Dark Matter but fear not; this game can stand on its own ground and was enjoyable to play.Without saying too much, I hope there is more for this story to tell."
,Recommended,290770,11014415,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Mudkippun,"The Fall is an unique and very interesting game with a compelling storyline that has me itching for the second episode. I picked it up on a whim and do not regret the price, but other more cautious buyers may be turned away by the $10 price tag.Be warned that the game is extremely short, only taking me around 3-4 hours to beat and ends on a cliffhanger, so it may be worth waiting for a sale or other episodes to be released. However, the gameplay itself is interesting. The combat, while not terribly unique or innovative keeps the game exciting and fresh so that the point and click aspect of the game does not get stale. I wouldn't mind more enemy types in the future as well as possibly more weapons?Something small that I actually thoroughly enjoyed about the game was the achievements. They weren't cut and dry like most games are (ex: kill 100 bad guys using a pistol, etc.) but rather were a part of the story and weren't so revealing in that you knew exactly what you had to do to get them.Overall, the Fall is an extremely promising start of a series and I highly anticipate the next episode."
,Recommended,290770,11015936,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Strife,"Son zamanlarda oynadığım atmosferi çok kuvvetli olan oyunlardan biri, Platform türüne yenilik ve canlılık kazandıran türden bir yapım. Bilim kurgu, yanlızlık ve karanlık temalarını seven herkesin mutlaka oynaması gerekir. Fiyatıda kalitesine göre inanılmaz ucuz. Sadece 9.99!"
76561197977733231,Recommended,290770,11017684,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Al Bobo,"This is a very interesting game. The story is great. The atmosphere is spot on. Humor is just the right kind of twisted... Puzzles are clever and the way you have to solve them makes you really feel like you are amoral robot following the laws of the world to a T. I enjoyed playing this game very much.If I had to say some bad things about this game, it's clunky movement and shooting. Luckily there's no need for precise moves in this game and shooting, which is the most boring thing in this game, is quickly done. Oh, and the game is short.I will buy the sequel, if it's ever made, in a heartbeat."
,Recommended,290770,11093467,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,MeltySpice,"This game plays like a love letter to Super Metroid and the golden age of Lucas Arts adventure games. The games story takes a lot of inspiration from the works of Isaac Asimov, and in terms of its brilliant narrative twists and turns is befitting of the master of robot fiction himself. The combat in game can be at times a little tedious in its execution, but this is a rather minor complaint as the game can more than stand up on the strength of its brilliant story and classic adventure game puzzles that had me giddy with nostalgia for my childhood days spent playing Monkey Island and Sam & Max. Between Telltales The Walking Dead and The Wolf Among Us and Tim Schafer's Broken Age adventure games have been making a big come back in the last couple of years, and I think in future The Fall deserves to be a part of that discussion about the re-emergence of this beloved genre. On the Metroidvania side of things this is one of the best on the market, with a welcolme flare of originality that alot of games inspired by the days of yore lack. As a Metroidvania title it rivals other great titles in the genre such as Shadow Complex and The Swapper. If The Swapper feels like the baby of Metroid and Portal, The Fall is The Swapper's half-brother fathered by Monkey Island. If this was the only episode of The Fall I would be more than happy with my purchase, but knowing that not only was that just part one, but that it is the first part of a trilogy has me excited to see what The Fall's developer has up its sleeve for the next instalment. Even if I never get to play the rest of the trilogy this first episode serves as a well rounded isolated experience with full closure for the story presented in the first episode. It leaves you brimming with questions like any fine open ending, but the fact that it is not merely left on an 'open end', and we have been lead to the precipice to hang from the cliff, leaves me eager for the answers. One thing is for sure, it's going to be one hell of a fall."
,Recommended,290770,11097684,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Gwidhw,"I loved it. I just can't wait for the continuation. I really can't wait o.o Alas, I must.. but yeah, I'd say it's a good play, definitely worth the price. Any cheaper, and I'd say you're stupid if you don't buy it. That, or cheap. Or broke. But seriously, it's great :)"
,Recommended,290770,11099514,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,dex|,"pretty good puzzle game, short though"
76561198076504894,Recommended,290770,11103164,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,megaburst,"Very tight and mysterious atmosphere! Good! Though, a little bit short."
76561198022357100,Recommended,290770,11103205,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,deps,I really liked it! Awesome story and a very surprising end. Looking forward for part 2.
76561198017680149,Recommended,290770,11105475,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Phoenix Down,Loving it so far. Cool environments and a compelling story making for a good first impression.
,Recommended,290770,10696794,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,baby jesus,"This game is brilliant and well made.  It's an adventure/puzzle game with light action elements, like a cross between dead space and limbo.Every once and a while kickstarter does something right, and this game is one of those things.Know that this is only Episode 1 of an apparent trilogy, which is awesome because I want more of this game."
76561197971436296,Recommended,290770,10775031,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,041418062,"Very well designed, great thinking puzzels, 10/10"
76561198006609515,Recommended,290770,10775685,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,THA_DRIZZLE,"Good artwork, dark and spooky.  Puzzles are somewhat tricky, but if you do not follow a specific order in completing tasks, it works out.  Very short, but I got it on sale, still recommend."
,Recommended,290770,10782418,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TrmptBucket,"Amazing Game, Great story, loved it. Needs a sequel badly.That being said, it has a very short playthrough time, 3 hours tops. This being an indie game is the only reason I would spend $10 on it, I got it durring summer sale when it was 50% off. In essense, it needs more content to merit $10. But I am looking forward to it's sequels and will buy them. Must Buy and Must Play for any story lovers."
,Recommended,290770,10612833,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Wolfcastle,"A really well done game, there are a few bugs with the save/load though so if you can, play it in one session.  Takes about 4 hours."
,Recommended,290770,10860767,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Darrylip,Simply amazing. A little tough but oh so enjoyable. (Y)
76561198057309823,Recommended,290770,11500045,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Fluffers,"Good game, short though. And i cant wait till the next one!"
76561197971878112,Recommended,290770,11500309,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,BigStrongMike,"The game is too short.And that is the most heinous of cons on a very short list. For the short time youll play it, it's a great game.It's Atmospheric, it has plot twists, it makes you think."
,Recommended,290770,11500606,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,fvccboi,"Incredible game. Can be repetitive, but it's so short that it never gets gruelling. Sound design and graphics are pretty good. Combat is lackluster, but it is a platformer and not a shooter after all. Overall, worth the money.Can't wait for the next installment!"
,Recommended,290770,11501415,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,AvWolf,"The Fall is a terrific game, primarily a straight-up adventure title with combat sections to break up the puzzle-solving.  It's not very long, but the story is exquisitely told and well-thought out.  The voice acting is really excellent throughout, but the protagonist's voice actress stands out as really selling the character throughout her development.  The stark sadness and resignation she gives to ARID near the end, when she once more greets the system administration AI is particularly moving.The puzzles are largely straight-forward; just thought-provoking to be rewarding to solve, without too many head-scratchers where you need to read the developers' minds.  The combat sections tend to be of moderate difficulty, it's not too tough to get through if you remember to take advantage of cover and camouflage.  Unfortunately, the controls are somewhat cludgy, which is probably why the combat is even of moderate difficulty instead of being easy.  The mechanic of needing your gun (with its flashlight) out to interact with things is interesting, but really belongs in a different game than The Fall.  Frankly, there just isn't enough reason for stealth to not have the flashlight out almost all the time, which results in you pretty much just holding the right mouse button down the whole game.The framing for the story is pretty classic science fiction, and the story itself isn't really trodding new ground, but it's less cliched and trite than most game stories.  It's told well enough to sweep the player up in the story, so when the twists come, you're always surprised, even though you'll look back and wonder why you didn't see it coming -- that means the developers really did it right.  Watching ARID move from simply annotating her internal logs with explanations of her actions to giving justifications for her actions, altering those log files, before finally deciding that she would do anything to complete her objectives -- even if those actions are extreme -- is a delightful and moving treat.  ARID gets a real character arc: you watch her grow and change as a result of her experiences.  In the era of story-driven characters, a character-driven story is refreshing and captivating.If you enjoy science fiction stories and adventure games, The Fall is absolutely worth the price of admission."
76561198026622604,Recommended,290770,11502062,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,sLowfake,"Very cool game.Great story and mechanics. Very nice way in which they combine the menu, interface and the setting to maximize immersion.Ends on a nice cliff-hanger which promises a great sequel, but is still a complete game on its own.May be considered a very short game to some ( +- a 3 hour experience for me), but I had no problem with it's length as it made sense in terms of the game world as well as deliver a condensed experience. Dragging out the game and adding filler puzzles would have been to the game's detriment.Controls and user input does however seem a bit unresponsive and takes some getting used to, it is sometimes difficult to do precision maneuvers, not that it is really necessary in the game's context. Having to aim down sight (hold right click), hold shift, then cycle through options does however become tedious after a while. I wish they had made it so a simple shift tap would ""use"" the node closest in front of you, instead of having to aim look, and then maybe back off a bit just because you were too close.Besides the above complaint, great game, great story, great twist. A must play for any adventure game lover.Similar to games like The Swapper and Limbo."
76561197962207436,Recommended,290770,11502253,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,NA,"There are no contradictions in reality. If you find the premises that bind you incompatible, which will you discard?"
,Recommended,290770,11504562,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,CaliJoe090,"Two of the puzzles are not very defined on how to pass them. All the other puzzles are well done. The story, gameplay, atmosphere is very well done. It has a bit of morbid humor throughout. If you are a fan of games like Limbo, you may like this one. No spoilers! It is a very short game, my first playthrough clocked at about 5 hours. There are a few options that I will go back and attempt a ""plan b"" option if they are there or not.The voice acting and script are very well done. I will be on the lookout for more from this publisher."
,Recommended,290770,11505118,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,I88I,"A shooter, smooth point-n-clicking platformer, intriguing slightly horror-enabled game, all bound together with plain and immersive story and athmosphere of sarcasm.Looking forward for the sequel!"
,Recommended,290770,11475743,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Letha,"Amazing, I cannot wait for the second part."
76561198013443945,Recommended,290770,11475766,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,TheXshadoW,"the game is very simple yet nice.. story is good, gives you a little thrill. i highly recommend trying it and waiting for the next one if there is."
76561198065272582,Recommended,290770,11476762,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Mezcal,"Nice game, a bit short though. I really liked the ambiance, between Dead Space and Limbo. I'll be waiting for Part 2"
,Recommended,290770,11477444,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,baked.,Limbo-esqJust a fantastic way to spend a few hours.
,Recommended,290770,11477946,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,derTourist,"I found The Fall by accident, bought it and enjoyed it SO much. It's plot is refreshingly new, its athmosphere is dense. You liked Super Metroid? You enjoyed Alien? Here's your game!Okay, okay, to be true:This game is a short story, rather than a full fleged novel.But given it is called ""Episode 1"" and the developer himself promised two more episodes..."
76561198021671754,Recommended,290770,11478312,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Antis,"This seem to be a puzzle game to me at first but it isn't quite. It's more about finding things and put it in the right places. Took me some time.The style is very much like deadlight (with some actions but not much jumping) and Limbo (very lonely and mysterias) but with another thrilling and deep story. It is a great one, especially at the end. Make you think more about what freedom means."
,Recommended,290770,11478393,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,elocanth,"This is a surprisingly good game.  Genre-wise, it's primarily an old school adventure game with the basic trappings of a side-scrolling shooter.  Once I understood that, the game really began to shine.  It has great writing and surprisingly good voice acting, too."
,Recommended,290770,11478710,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Raz,"Really awesome story has a few fustrating moments ""rub item a on to object b"" but on the whole very good game and I can't wait for the next part to come out, ending was such a cliff hanger!"
,Recommended,290770,11479196,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Captain Pirx,"Great story, nice graphics, great atmosphere."
,Recommended,290770,11479203,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Earl Toucan,This game is better then Limbo.
76561198122382425,Recommended,290770,11479645,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,UrbanGamer,"When I saw this game, I immediately became interested in it. A puzzle-solving, sidescrolling adventure indie game is a mix of many great genres and i thought it would be a good buy. Although I was very satisfied with the game, i ran into a few cons that where really noticable.First off, the combat was a little annoying. I ran into many glitches during parts of combat, where the enemies would hover above ground or I would slide around even without walking. This olny happened a few times, But the final boss had both the glitches and made fight take way to long. Also, the price was a little high for only one short chapter. That was all I noticed. Everything from the story, to the visual style was amazing."
76561198146182318,Recommended,290770,11481070,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Kenpachi,One of the better games I have ever played. Fantastic story and voice actiong as well as beautiful graphics and art.What a surprise Ending! Cant wait for the next installment!!
,Recommended,290770,14561814,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,graventy,"I'm terrible at puzzle games, I have no patience.  So, I played this mainly for the story, and I really enjoyed the story it told.  Looking forward to the sequel."
,Recommended,290770,14480364,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,sackofjoy,"While this was a short game, I beat it in less than 4 hours, the story was quite captivating. I've now been awake for over 24hours thanks to getting roped in to the action.Probably the best $10 I've spent in the past few months."
,Recommended,290770,14654415,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,WarezWaldo,"Part Portal, part Metroid and part adventure game, this is quite a gem. Loved the story and atmosphere, can't wait for parts 2 and 3."
76561198006262436,Recommended,290770,14655587,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Drachenfrau,"A nice little platform side scroller that relies more on problem solving than twitchiness, which i can certainly appreciate. The story, which is about an AI in a combat suit that is looking for medical attention for her pilot, is pretty excellent. The flow is lovely, though some of the puzzles aren't exactly intuitive, and i had to look up a walkthrough once or thrice. It's an x-box port, so i had issues with it crashing a couple times, but otherwise, it's a beautiful game. I strongly recommend it, especially if you like robot stories."
76561198102776288,Recommended,290770,14635734,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Fauxesune,"I won't say much about this game. It's better to play through yourself and find out.There are some spots where it's difficult to figure out what 'key' you need for what puzzle but it is very well done. I hope to find more from this later, be it a sequel or otherwise."
76561198005405360,Recommended,290770,15925670,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Hitler with an Arcana,"....I just cant even...This game is amazing, weather or not you love AI's or not, the story is beautiful and very accurate, All the small detail they put in make the game heartrenching to think about how the AI thinks. 10/10 I would love to see them make another game similar to this!"
,Recommended,290770,15918281,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Captain Kobayashi,"Outstanding atmosphere. It is somewhat a cross between Fallout and Primorida (another great indy game involving robots/AI)As for gameplay the controls may take a while to get used to but after the first few combats you quickly adapt to the firing.Overall you end up really liking the personality of ARID (the Suit) and her determination to complete her mission, also the dark and mysterious facility you end up in makes you really strive to uncover more of the backstory. You will not be disappointed buying this game, the downside is having to wait for the second one."
,Recommended,290770,16555734,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,retoid,"Great game and story, I just want to keep playing."
,Not Recommended,290770,16561677,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Favrage,Contrived and way too short. almost all the puzzles lengthen the game by forcing you to constantly back track. Interesting Idea that mostly flops limply at the end in a shymalamadingdong twist.
,Not Recommended,290770,16552286,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,chronohart,"Much too short, even for the 60% off I got it for. I play these sorts of games pretty slow, I think, but even I was able to finish this in less than 4 hours. The gameplay is overly simplistic. It's basically a point-and-click, but easier because you have a flashlight you use to discover things to interact with. Interacting with items occurs only from your inventory, so if you see something you think you should interact with, just try everything until something works. There's not really much thought required. I also didn't care for the ending. It was too abrupt and I didn't like how it finished off the story of this game."
,Recommended,290770,16456065,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Dantés,"A Unique Point & Click Side ScrollerYou'll like this if you enjoyedGemini RueorAnother World. They're the closest comparisons I can draw upon, as this is ... quite unique. We've better graphics here, of course, in 2014.At just £1.50 on the Summer Sale, The Fall is at the right price point. You'll complete it in just a few hours. This plays out like something of a prequel, we're looking at ""Part One"" here, although not advertised as such. The plot is certainly engaging, so be prepared to end this on a cliffhanger.Oh, and did I say it's a dark and mysterious cyber sci-fi? Yeah. It's that. Definite overtones of Blade Runner and Transendence, and many other 'AI questions its purpose / core programming' type films. I could write a deeper synopsis, but that would ruin the story for you.Pick it up whilst on sale. And play through on a single dark evening.You'll enjoy it!!"
,Recommended,290770,16539860,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Kwazzi,"Like a wonderful short story by Asimov; you can pick it up and experience something short and sweet that allows you to think for a bit about what you've just experienced.I recommend this, no question about it."
76561198041479515,Recommended,290770,16540926,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Kautl,"Muy corto, pero buenísima historia, mucha imersión.Tiene algunos bugs aqui y alla, y algunas veces la lógica apra resolver los puzzles puede no ser óptima pero...es genial. Definitivamente genial."
,Recommended,290770,16541078,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,adleslie89,"TL;DR    Buy if $5 or less for casual players looking for a quick game. $10 or less if you're a puzzle/sci-fi fan.The Look: The Fall has a cool art style that doesn't get tired on the eyes. Given, it's a pretty short title, but all the same. It won't blow you away, but it definitely serves its purpose. I would suggest, howerever, that you actually turn UP the brightness a bit. The extreme low light caused me to miss quite a few clues and a frustrating 5-15 minutes of backtracking and aimless wandering ensued each time.The Feel: The game handles OK. There's an awkward switch when you turn around with your pistol drawn that takes a bit of getting used to. If you're used to a high sensitivity mouse, you're going to want to turn that way down as it can become quite unwieldy and cause your character to spasm back and forth from left to right when your pistol is out, which it will be, at all times. There isn't a lot of platforming so the precision of the controls isn't an issue.The Play: This is where I take my biggest issue with the game. I'm not new to puzzle games, but this game had me check a walkthrough three times (or aimlessly clicking on things to see if it worked). Most of the puzzles are pretty easy... if you have all the things you need. However, as I mentioned above, it is pretty easy to miss key items, completely stalling you in progress. Also, you have the same options for every interaction in the game, but most are simply text blurbs that tell you something. There is never a clear distinction if you can pick up/turn on/shoot/push an item until you've cycled through your entire inventory of options and items. The time I spent checking to see if I could X on icon Y is far too high. A bit of streamlining in this regard would do nicely.The Story: It's an intriguing game and the story is certainly the highlight. A bit slow to start, it begins to take form and draw you in. It may be a tired scenario; you wake up in a strange place where strange things have happend. You're only sure of one thing, you need to do X. This isn't a knock on the game, it does this little tale admirably. It has twists and turns that may not have avid mystery lovers jumping from their chairs, it will encourage some thinking and pondering about important questions of ethics, morals, and humanity.Ultimately, I got this game on a sale and did my one playthrough. It didn't wow me and it didn't make me regret buying it. I most likely will not be buying the next chapters though."
76561197975084033,Recommended,290770,16542331,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,CreatorDead,"you should play it. its fairly short and simple. its 2d in a 3d atmosphere. you might need to look up what to do in some spots if you get stuck but its fairly simple. game mechanics arnt bad and i experienced a few glitches but nothing to offputing. if it were a book tho, id totally read it."
,Recommended,290770,16542424,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Zolarie,"Excellent visual style and story. The voice acting is superb. The controls take a bit of getting used to, but nothing too problematic.I do have 2 knocks against it though.1) The length. It is a very short game. Only took me about 3 and a half hours to complete. I got it on sale for $2 so that wasn't a big deal, but I probably wouldn't pay full price for it. The ending seriously left me wanting more.2) Several of the visual cues blend too well into the background and can be near-impossible to find.Except for those 2 things, the game is an amazing experience. Get it when it's on sale, but definitely get it."
76561198006873967,Recommended,290770,16547381,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Nessos,"Nicely done!The Fall has an interesting story with very unusual characters. The puzzles are just right to keep me (can't speak for everyone else, though) entertained, but not frustrated. Most of the time I simply didn't find stuff. If you are reading this and buying the game afterwards: Never neglect the ceiling!If I had to complain, it would be that the action sequences seem a little forced upon the story. Like ""We didn't have a shooting in quite some time, so we'll add one here."" The fights seldomly blend into the story, they rather interrupt it. There are exceptions, though.So, who should buy this? Don't buy it if you are looking for action or jump&run. You will find bits and pieces of that here but it's not that kind of game. It's puzzles and the story, that's all, and the puzzles won't keep you up at night cursing the developers.My advice is: Buy this for the story. If that's not your thing, then don't. You will find everything else this game offers elsewhere. If you're the type of gamer who skips cutscenes then this game is not for you. If you're into stories that explore a little into concepts like free will, consequences, sacrifices and what it means to be human, then by all means buy this game.The Fall tells a great story and keeps you entertained doing it. You don't contribute much to it except for solving puzzles and bringing the character to the scene of the next story part. I liked it very much, but I can see that it might not be everyone's cup of tea."
,Recommended,290770,16357022,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,DeckardSix,"If you enjoyed ""The Swapper"" this is a game for you. Great atmosphere during the game but it's a short game ($4 for a few hours of gaming is perfect)."
,Recommended,290770,16396233,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,"Raw me, Corvo","This game is incredible.All the elements of it are amazing- it has a hint of creepiness, rich story, puzzles and a small amount of shooter aspects that wrap it all up in one elequent little game. It's fairly short-- the only reason I have 50 hours and not 2-3 is because I left it running on my computer when I went to run errands and forgot to close out (whoops)But don't let that sway your decision, this game is amazing with wonderful characters and an amazing atmosphere and story. Not to mention, all that was done with just a kickstarter budget and there is intention on continuing the story onward over time in more instillations.It was clever, cute, creepy, morally ambiguous and a joy to play. I've never played a more sastisfying game from a semi-indie studio. I love it and you will too if you give it a chance."
,Recommended,290770,16403901,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,PretentiousHobo,"The puzzles are fun, I got to spin a child until he flew into the sky. Fed another child human meat. The story's really good if you enjoy some dark sci fi akin to Asimov's style. It is a bit short, but the price tag isn't very high at all in comparison, especially if you get it during a steam sale."
,Recommended,290770,11341546,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Greyscale,"this was a pretty decent game. short, sweet and well made."
76561198011130201,Recommended,290770,11298585,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Dr. Destructo,I really enjoyed this game even though it is short it's worth it.
,Recommended,290770,11355182,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Frog Trickery,Fantastic atmosphereWell told sci-fi storyClever puzzles that aren't too difficult but do require thinkingRecommended.
,Recommended,290770,11357596,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,R I E N Z I,A beautiful game with a compelling narrative that concludes perfectly. I am looking forward to the next chapter in this story. Nom Nom Nom.
76561198086032380,Recommended,290770,11367635,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,BlueHat,It was a very well crafted game i hope that the next chapter will be released.
,Recommended,290770,11347816,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,starzinger,"Beautiful game. Some of the puzzles were Monkey Island-esque as you'll use non-logical solutions. Really great storyline, I got goosebumps several times. Looking forward to the next installment!"
,Recommended,290770,11467991,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Lordnine,The game has an awkward control scheme but is otherwise a very compelling adventure game with some lite action segments.
76561197967340849,Recommended,290770,11468549,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Spree,"An interesting grim storyline, with gameplay that resembles Limbo. Although the gameplay can get a little tiring, the story itself makes it totally worth it. - Especially if you like the sci-fi genre.8/10 Well polished indie game."
76561198025609055,Recommended,290770,11469837,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,RDN-5263,"This one reminds me of old mostly-puzzle-dut-some-action-too, like Another world and that other one when you start in Mars jungles with no gun and amnesia.The ending was not expected, if a bit too cliffhangery for my taste. Can't wait to see how that will go further."
76561197970708477,Recommended,290770,11469847,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Scrabblor,"I'm really impressed with this game, i bought it on sale. Its very atmospheric and the world is really interesting which is brilliant. The premise is amazing too. Unfortunately, i'm not very good at these type of games and have little patience for item based puzzles (never got on with Secret of Monkey island) and so heavily relied on a walkthrough."
76561198118681917,Recommended,290770,11470751,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,EAT THE FUCKING PIZZA,The plot twist is real in this game
,Recommended,290770,11471140,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Kelvin,Playing this game on a mouse is unbearable. Please fix
76561198053967223,Recommended,290770,11471172,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,SomalianPizzaPolice,Really gets you thinking.
,Recommended,290770,11471664,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Pundabear,I love this game the puzzles and combat are fun and challenging i enjoyed every second of this game
76561197997752428,Recommended,290770,11472010,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,OneScoop,"A little on the short side, but a great game, none the less. Nice atmosphere, well written (And voiced, for an indie game) story, and more than a few darkly humorous moments."
76561198122143789,Recommended,290770,11472659,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,mossrock1,"If you're deciding not to try this because it's noted to be the first 'part' of three, don't be. I was worried at first as I'm not really a fan of episodic content but finally gave it a go.It works wonderfully as a single stand alone piece of storytelling - with a simple but engageing starting premise, great execution throughout (exeptional voice acting) and a truly great twist ending. It works as a great short story about robots, A.I. and finding a purpose - and if you can forgive a slightly janky control scheme, a few slightly obscure old fashioned point and click puzzles then there are far worse ways to spend a couple of hours.Great stuff and I'll definately try anything by this team in the future."
,Recommended,290770,11472783,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Raptor3k,"I just finished this, and I can't even begin to state how impressed I am by this game. Impressed, intreged, and had been spending the last 20 minutes trying to see when the next part comes out. Is there anything on the next part....WHERE IS IT?! OOOOH MAN! I know this came out so recently, but Over the Moon, you have me hooked. I missed out on backing this through kickstarter, but I won't make the same mistake if I see anything on the continuation to this posted."
76561198012504625,Recommended,290770,11473735,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Britaius,"Gloomy atmosphere of Another World and Limbo meets classic adventure mechanics and morbid storyline. Well, the game isn't that big and completely linear, but story is complete and make you think about some really interesting questions. Must have for any sci-fi and adventure fan."
76561198089291500,Recommended,290770,11473905,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Silencio1994,wow this was an interesting short game. dat end twist though
76561198067983037,Recommended,290770,11475195,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,PALIGames,"One great game, it doesnt have too much combat and it is a bit of a brain teaser in certain aspects. A very well balenced game, but the ending was a bit to be desired.......because i didnt want to stop playing it. Cant wait for a part 2."
,Recommended,290770,12086396,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,MrHost56|Fr.Filth,"I absolutely loved the fall. It was atmospheric, intriguing, and it's gameplay was smooth and challenging. The puzzles made me pull my hair out, but in a good way. So many questions were left unanswered that I hope will be laid to rest in its continuation."
,Recommended,290770,12077168,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Tails,"You should know before buying, this is technically The Fall: Episode 1. It is intended to be a trilogy. Takes 2-3 hours on the first play to beat, and works much better witha controller. That being said, I loved it! Wished it was longer, as I had a lot of fun with the puzzles/combat that I did get."
76561198004845347,Recommended,290770,11908475,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,levitusm,"Atmospheric, tough puzzles, and an interesting plot makes this game very enjoyable."
,Recommended,290770,11844127,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Brol3,"Nice game, if a little short."
,Recommended,290770,11846338,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,dub3000,"The controls are a weird and some of the puzzles are a bit meh, but wonderful mood and intriguing setting. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,290770,11867000,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Dr Zicter,It's a lovel atmospheric puzzler with decent combat mechanics thrown in too
76561197979754037,Recommended,290770,11914993,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Dimitricus,"WOW!!! I love this game. Many of puzzle was hard to resolve, but I love it :P"
76561197985151938,Recommended,290770,11936199,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,centipedia,"The good: The writing is amazing, developing new and interesting tropes and taking the narrative to places I've never been before. The voice acting, sounds, and art are perfect and establish a wonderfully dystopian mood. The advancement of your character's capabilities is done in a very clever manner that I've never seen used in a video game before.The bad: First of all, I didn't see anything suggeting that this is the first part of an episodic game, so when the conclusion failed to explain many mysteries, instead saying ""to be continued"" it was a surprise. The controls are strange and hard to get used to. They're also not super responsive which can make combat occasionally frustrating. The puzzles are much more difficult and obscure than I would have liked. They tend to be of the ""go everywhere for no reason and rub everything on everything else for no reason until something randomly works"" type. They don't require cleverness to solve but rather dogged persistence. A strong ability to memorize the slightly complicated map will assist you also as the map is a vertical maze and many of the areas look kind of similar. Generally the puzzles get in the way of the wonderful writing rather than augmenting it. I enjoyed the game much more once I found a walk through to get me past the more obtuse puzzles.But all in all, good writing can overcome a myriad of sins, and this writing is great. I strongly recommend The Fall."
76561198001054297,Recommended,290770,12114719,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Rogue Phoenix,"One of the most thrilling games I've played in a long time. This game is basically a story driven survival game. You are A.R.I.D. Your objective is to save your pilot. To do so, you must combat hostile robots, the local flora and fauna, and even your own programming in order to accomplish this objective.One of the most compelling features of the game is the ambiance. It contributes almost an apocolyptic feel which at times can be very creepy. The game however is very much a puzzler/shooter.As you play you watch as Arid evolves and changes in order to meet the challenges presented. It is fascinating to watch as she changes from what would be considered a rudamentary AI to a fleshed out individual.I highly recommend the game to anyone that enjoys something with a great story and dialog."
,Recommended,290770,12143462,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Wolfane,"The story in this game is excellent.  One of the best stories in an indie game I have played in a long time.  The gameplay is pretty fun too, as long as you have patience..   Looking forward to the next game in the series, I think this is a trilogy."
,Recommended,290770,11987540,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Junkinthetrunk,Really good puzzle game with exciting combat. Recommended
,Recommended,290770,11971078,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Head1ess Gunner,"The Fall is a breath of fresh (or rather, stale and decaying) air.  There are no groundbreaking gameplay mechanics, but its strenght lies in its beautifully dark story.  Some of the puzzles are a bit elaborate and boil down to excessive trial and error, or in my case a couple 'please-help-me-internet' moments.  That aside, The Fall doesn't overstay its welcome and in the end it left me hoping for more solid game offerings from Over The Moon."
76561197983662248,Recommended,290770,11959001,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,TechieRefugee,"To start: I used to add a header to these reviews, but since it far too often made reviews too long to submit (an unfortunate consequence of my sometimes very verbose method of writing), I've instead decided to leave the header on my Backloggery.Gameplay: I picked up The Fall when it was on sale, and if you're anything like me, you no doubt will have picked this game up based solely on the trailer. While this trailer does somewhat sell up the game, it is by no means a disappointment. We'll talk more about the trailer in the story section, though. The gameplay of The Fall is one of a rather esoteric genre known as the Cinematic Platformer. Two sterling examples of this kind of gameplay are Another World/Out of this World and Flashback (the old one). However, if you remember particularly frustrating moments from the former example; do not worry. This game has no absurdly precise platforming in it. Truth be told, this game doesn't have much platforming at all, but that's perfectly fine; it doesn't need it.Rather, the core of the gameplay plays more like a traditional point-and-click adventure game in which you will sometimes be able to cleverly figure out the puzzle and other times just spend five or ten minutes just rubbing objects on other objects to create success. Yes, this game does have some Sierra logic here and there, much to my dismay. Also, due to how dark the game's presentation is, it is sometimes more challenging to even distinguish what you need to be clicking on. You can only interact with objects by shining the flash light from your gun on said object, so you don't have to worry about accidentally using things over and over again, but considering how dark the game is, it sometimes becomes a task of flailing your light everywhere in a desperate attempt to find something that you can rub against something in your inventory. Yes, the repetition of the word something was intentional in that last sentence.Much like Another World/Out of this World, there is some element of gunplay. Don't worry, though; your gun has infinite shots, so you won't be screwed over by that. You only really fight one type of enemy throughout the game, but once again; that's not that big of a deal. There are also some abilities that unlock as the game progresses, but not all of them are available by the end game. I was confused by this until I found out that this game was meant to be the first in a series. Considering that, it is in a way no surprise that the game's platforming and combat felt inconsequential at times.Overall, the gameplay isn't the most brilliant aspect of this game. The puzzles can be alright at times but othertimes completely obtuse; the platforming and gunplay are rather insiginificant at times; however, they do their job to keep this game from just being another walking simulator. 7/10.Story: I mentioned that I'd be talking about the trailer here, so I most definitely will be. The ""Conform"" trailer represents this game as being mainly about an AI's crisis of identity as it gradually gains more and more of a simulacrum of what we humans would call a true consciousness. While this is a core theme of the game, there is more to it than that. There aren't many charcters in this game; in fact, there's really only three characters including the enigmatic Caretaker. They all do their job serving the plot and the dialogue is really the main presentation vehicle of the themes. Just the way it should be in my opinion. I don't want to spoil too much, obviously, but just know that this game has some very excellent writing behind it, and if you've not already pored over the idea of the technological singularity, this will certainly be some very interesting philosophical material. Also this is part one of a series. The game does wrap up conclusively, but I'm very excited to see where the game goes from here. 10/10.Graphics: Again, the trailer could be a very big selling factor on this front. This game has an excellent art style, and the animations are all very very fluid, save for instantaneous turning around and all that. That's a minor detail, though. There also appears to be a sort of ""light filter"" always on whenever you're playing the game, which unfortunately doesn't have the greatest color depth (it looks patchy). That's a bit of a disappointment, but not too much of a mood killer. Obviously, this game doesn't need too terribly intense of a computer setup to run, so if you can run Windows 7 with Aero on, you should have no issues running this game. Apart from those two minor issues, I really don't have any other complaints about the graphics side of the game. Ther is the issue with interactable objects being hard to see, but that's more relevant to gameplay, since HUD elements appear showing you where the objects are whenever you run over them with your flashlight. Yet another example of why style trumps substance. 5/5.Sound: There really isn't much in the way of music here, since it is all ambiant pieces. However, it'sreally goodambiance. This game has one hell of an atmosphere, and that is thanks mainly to the soundtrack. Excellent stuff. The voice acting does a fantastic job as well, eerily portraying AI constructs gradually gaining a semblance of humanity, be it intentional or unintentional. Yeah, there really isn't much else to talk about here other than the sound design and voice acting is top notch. 5/5.Overall scores are: 7/10/5/5; cumulative score of 9.0/10. Definitely worth the $10 if you've got the $10 to throw down. Not much in the way of replay value, and the game is rather short, but the quality of the adventure more than makes up for it. Better to have a short, really excellent adventure than a long, doldrumic one."
,Recommended,290770,11992307,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,sonicleonard,Not a bad idea at all.Great story beats that keep you intrigued until the end with better than average story telling and voice acting. It was a tight but well thought out game with a level design that made sense given the environment.Shoot outs are rather basic and don;t add a great deal apart from to break the pace a little and I got frustrated by not seeing certain aspects simply from choices that I was unaware were going to lock me out of experiencing certain things or learning more story details.None the less it is decent for the money paid and impressive work for largely one guy.Thumbs up - 7/10. Intrigued enough to see how this plays out - hope it did well
76561198013426992,Recommended,290770,12039135,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Merlinblack,Great story and gameplay.  The plot progresses along naturally without any long dialog or cheesiness.  I'm looking forward to the next chapters.
76561198106856120,Recommended,290770,11978555,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,OddAnarchy,"If you like science fiction, a storyline that isn't exposition but deals with great philosophy, and has action elements with an out-of-the-box puzzle focus, this game is worth every resource. At two dollars per hour of average gameplay, this indie game was one of my first purchases and still holds a special place in my mind.  The only downfall I can possibly consider is the minimalism in the art. 'The Fall' wasn't glorious to look at, but it seemed fitting for the game.A Steam favorite, and I anxiously await the sequel(s)."
,Recommended,290770,12025736,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,tan_ce,"Was a bit apprehensive at first because I don't usually play puzzle games, but the story was, as advertised, compelling. Although a bit short (completed in 3 hours, albeit with looking at spoilers a few times when stuck), I think it's still worth the money. Will wait for part 2 and 3 to come out."
,Recommended,290770,11827206,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,TMobile Candyman,Wonderfully compelling game that easily draws you in.  Lots  of suspense to keep you on the edge of your seat with plenty of puzzles to keep you on your toes as well.  Very smooth gameplay and easy to use controls.  I'm hoping very much the developers make a sequel!!!!
,Recommended,290770,11829091,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Grantoid,"Beautiful atmosphere, intriguing and engaging story, well-executed mechanics, and the promise of more to come."
,Recommended,290770,12100890,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,I'm Captain Basch!,Really fun game. Enjoyed the story and the atmosphere immensely and the puzzles provided just the right amount of challenge. Definitely recommended.
,Recommended,290770,12394311,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Vinyl,"I really enjoyed the game especially how chalenging it was. I do agree with the downvotes in a way though, A ""The Fall Part 1"" would have been a better title to fit the game, but keep working and ill be happy when part 2 even comes out!"
76561198082575574,Recommended,290770,18010824,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,FightingDuke,"A truly wonderfull game thats well worth a try.The voice acting is very well done and the game runs smoothly. The gameplay is good, the graphics are decent, and the story is intresting.Overall I'd give this a 9/10. Well worth the money."
,Recommended,290770,18245286,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Asiris,"Very cool game! Very, very cool!The story is just great! And the story is the most important part of this game. The gameplay is great too, but the story is just so good. Really looking forward to The Fall 2."
,Recommended,290770,18225915,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Dumb Whore,"I've played alot of Point and Click games that were made in this generation,but none of them ever came close to what this did.The Fall Is a game I bought about half a year ago during a summer sale,since it was only a couple of bucks.I installed it and played it for a bit,and then I just kind of left it.And now,I'm looking through my game library and I see this game.I install it and boot it up.I sat here,glued to my monitor for 2 hours straight.The gameplay is great,the gun controls-a tad awkward at first- soon become very easy to use,the puzzles,all of them sensful,and my god,the storyline!The storyline is awsome.The ending is too,even if it does end on a little bit of a cliff hanger,but Im sure future me is gonna look at this review and remember that grim time.I absolutely recommend this game,No doubts,and no questions!"
76561198101073107,Recommended,290770,18106885,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,thewizardmac,Pretty good.
,Not Recommended,290770,18113136,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Juniper,"For the most part, the puzzles are fine, but some of them require some very specific logic and noticing very subtle changes in the environment in order to solve without a guide (I got stuck in three places during my playthrough). Combat's a bit clunky, but the game's more of a 2.5D adventure/puzzle game, so I feel like combat wasn't the main focus. Also, the game is part of a planned series, so if you're expecting full closure at the end, you'll be somewhat disappointed.The voice acting was solid, as was the animation. Definitely has potential, but I think--based on my experience with The Fall--the rest of the series won't really be my cup of tea (so take my lack of recommendation for what it's worth).Not sure I'd recommend getting it at full price, either way, as I clocked in at about 3 hours for a complete playthrough."
,Not Recommended,290770,18257928,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,President_Evil69,"I'm sorry, but if you expect me to enjoy a game that was first made as a PC exclusive and later ported to console to have leftover mouse smoothing that can't be turned off even by a .ini file edit or a tutorial messages saying ""use the right-stick to aim"" after the consolite updates then you are sadly mistaken.1 filthy console prioritising game dev company out of 10. Oh, look that's just exactly what Over The Moon is."
,Recommended,290770,18496983,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,thesaurosie,"Best hybrid! This is one of my favourite games. I would definitely recommend it as a first foray into point-and-click puzzle adventures, especially given how its NPC guidance offers clarification on how to approach it without holding your hand too much. The interface is stripped down but effective; the map is similarly easy to learn without feeling limited.The story is hilarious and/or horrifying at times; the puzzles feel fresh and favour creative solutions, with light gallows humour an advantage. Only one or two puzzles even approach pixel hunting or dodgy logic, and despite having no hand-eye co-ordination whatsoever, I could still dig the (sparse) action sequences. The ending is a slightly confusing pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ but still a cool and manageable one, and the twist made me ever keener for the next one. I hope the franchise does really well so they can make more of them. The end! :)"
76561198012995083,Recommended,290770,11161464,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Pusalieth,"Ya know, I have to say, ""Not to bad."" I purchased this game based of trailer videos, and the videos from the kickstarter, and I gotta say, its really not to shabby. Viewing through the lens of an independent developer, independent fundraising, its really not bad at all. In fact in some gameplay aspects, its really great. The game is decently slow placed, and information flow comes by text boxes, but its a really riveting plot. Not including its ♥♥♥♥in creepy as hell in some places. I played at night, where I jumped a couple times, and let out an ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥"" Lots of bugs on the Linux port, the linux port really should be called beta/alpha, but the windows version worked well. I beat the game in a few hours, so.... $10 for a few hours? eh, maybe. A movie is $7.50, while this game this was $9.99, so I guess so. In comparison to other games, it needs to be longer, as long as it doesn't detract from the plot writting or gameplay, which as of right now is spot on. Right now, its a great story, its just short, but better than long and dumb. I'd say drop the price just a smidge and its perfect, maybe to $7-8."
76561197994405933,Recommended,290770,18495146,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,GreyKlaw,"The Fall was a great opening to an intriging tale. I thoroughly enjoyed it, eventhough I saw the final reveal coming (I have read too many Sci-Fi and Thriller stories, I guess) a mile off. The game was a little bit twitchy in a few places, but overall performance was bug free.The voice acting made the experience whole and was top-notch. I look forward to the next chapter.The thing I can complain about is that the early 1980's computer interface aesthetic (menus etc.) seem incongrous with the deep future sci-fi elements. It's a""it pick""I know, but it was the only thing that had me scratching my head."
,Recommended,290770,17490619,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,BlueBird,"While the game is a bit short, it does keep a clear objective over everything.The atmosphere it sets up is great, the story is brilliant and well worth your time.I eagerly await the sequel."
,Recommended,290770,18082642,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Justin,"Cold, dark and oppressive locations accentuated by fantastic audio cues that remind the player they aren't alone, The Fall is one of the few horror games I've finished in my library. The fantastic part is that a lot of the terror derived from it is purely psychological, there are very few jump scares. Well worth the price of admission, and the ending has left me eagerly awaiting the release of the sequel."
76561198066020906,Recommended,290770,12421752,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,karevegar,The best game since Shadow Complex!!!
76561198018625493,Recommended,290770,12427165,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,PenguinPocketz,"Truly a fantastic adventure game.  The atmosphere, puzzles, and story were top notch.The aiming did seem a little bit unwieldy, using a controller rather than mouse and keyboard largely alleviated the frustration.An indie game that is in the running for my game of the year.Going by average user play time, a play through will take about 3.7 hours.  A perfect length for the game to leave a punchy impact. Although I was sad to see it end, the prospect of seeing the continuation of the story excites me and I'll be awaiting it anxiously."
76561198002345558,Recommended,290770,10990213,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Steglad,"Amazing atmosphere, great voice acting, immersive. I'm not sure what else to say about this game without spoiling anything but it has left me wanting for more, I can hardly wait for the other episodes!"
76561198065002496,Recommended,290770,10990947,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,icecuttingfire,"part point and click adventure, part 2d shooter, and completely badass."
,Recommended,290770,10990980,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,flarkminator,Reminds me of Another World / Out of This World.It's a strong mix of metroid and point and click puzzles. The only thing is that the controls are much better on a control pad (360 pad)
76561197972435489,Recommended,290770,10991725,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,ShinyBeast,"Interesting, and compelling storytelling. Ends on a note which really leaves you wanting more. The puzzles are reasonably solid, the more action-y bits are competently enough done, but this is primarily an adventure-esque puzzle game. There are bugs: I had to quit and reload a save to get the game to acknowledge an action, and I had an item show up incorrectly in my inventory once, but none of this was ""game breaking.""Not hugely long, but engaging for what it does. Worthy at the price, a no brainer on sale."
,Recommended,290770,10992469,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Shukazé,"By far the best 2D platform I have ever played, It's nearly on par with puzzles from the portal series and it keeps the story going like alan wake. This is definitely on my top 10 games list from my entire life...and I have high expectations."
,Recommended,290770,10994815,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Van Belmont,"I found myself really digging what Over the Moon has done here. One part action game and two parts adventure game add up to something really special. This story of a loyal A.I. trying to save the pilot of the suit it is installed in really tugged at my heartstrings. The voice acting of ARID and the changes ""she"" goes through as the game progresses really make this game standout. The voice acting is so good in this game, and the story hooks you from the get go as you try to uncover the mystery of what has happened. While it is on the short side, it is worth it."
,Recommended,290770,11950766,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,The Fancy Gamer,... yes... just... yes...
76561198144248795,Recommended,290770,12067833,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,greatbeefalo,"Pretty friggin' entertaining.  Id definitely recommend it to fans of Shadow Complex, or side scrolling puzzle/ adventure games."
76561198118754167,Recommended,290770,21410018,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,boob police,"I absolutely recommend this game for a few reasons. One, the puzzles in my opinion are actually challenging. It helps to gather everything you can just in case. That being said, I cannot believe I feel so sorry for an actual robot. The ending was frustrating to say the least, everything you've been working toward might've been a lie and it's just really painful. I love Arid, and I love this game. Will defintely be waiting for The Fall 2 to continue this amazing story. 10/10"
,Recommended,290770,21377855,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Mikko Wolf,"This is one of those games where I'd buy it and then not get around to playing it for a while. Then when I finally play it I find out that it's amazing. I will admit, though, that I share many similar criticisms about it as other people do (such as the unintuitive puzzle solving and back-tracking) but I think many will agree that the story telling makes up for it."
76561198014030745,Not Recommended,290770,21440988,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Jewsbeer,Interesting concept and a interesting desgin. Overall not a winner by my standards. The puzzles are more irritating and are made without any hints or assistance. I'll give it another chance but I doubt that I will get anywhere without consulting a guide at times i am stuck over 5 minutes in the same damn floor!
,Recommended,290770,21479442,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ShXIII,"I just finished this and it was worth every penny. Took around three hours to beat. Great atmosphere, sound effects, music and story. The voice acting was surprisingly very well done for an indie game. Played great with KB/M too. It felt like a cross between Limbo and The Swapper, the puzzles had me stumped a few times in the beginning but once I figured out what they were going for it was pretty straight forward. I definitely recommend this to anyone who loves the indie scene. I wish I had kickstarted this.To be continued my♥♥♥♥♥ TAKE MY MONEY"
76561198005444839,Recommended,290770,29537106,Posted: 28 January,all,William_Dracul,"I bought this game expecting nothing out of it, other than being your typical smug indie plantaformer.It's not. It's great, it's deep, and has awesome voice acting and athmosphere."
,Not Recommended,290770,16986231,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Arkan01d,"The Fall is labeled a Side Scroller, Action and those are things I really enjoy. But before those labels it's first called an Adventure game and I really don't like most adventure games. This game follows the formula of most adventure games: search out obscure objects for your inventory then try them out on every point of interest in the game until you get frustrated and have to look up a guide.I'm not a fan of the inventory that has to be utilized by trial and error method of gameplay. I'm also not a fan of using my controller, which you must do to even play this game. Then the controller has you holding down 2 and 3 buttons at a time just to try inventory on objects. If the inventory piece doesn't work you have to hold the buttons all down again, aim it just right, and try again. Also not all objects in the game are interactive. And some objects only appear after certain requirements are met. As well, the game does not tell you the objects have appeared or anything has changed. Plus, many times you will need to go from point A to B except you have to discover and finish point XYZDTG first. Those objectives are not on the way from A to B; so you have to guess at where and what you're supposed to be doing and never sure if you're right or wrong.Basically if you love games that make you go over a level with a fine tooth comb, do 1 thing after trying 3 dozen combinations of things, and then having to go back over the same level with a fine tooth comb again to see if something changed... Well my friend, this is your game. Otherwise stay away."
76561197994959218,Recommended,290770,17030509,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,chaosavy,Good game - enjoyed it tremendously.However - I wish it was far longer.
76561198022225357,Recommended,290770,17041375,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Fil0viridae,"Absolutely brilliant game if somewhat short, plenty worth the steam sale price I got this at.Think of it like a point and click adventure game except far more real time and without the drudgery of figuring out where you need to click first, a flashlight mechanism allows you to simply scan the room for selectables as you walk through. Beyond this you're also an AI trying to save your human ( he's inside your suit) who is unconscious and you get a gun, you heard it folks there is combat in this game as well.The story is phenomenal and the gameplay action/puzzle mechanics really make you think. The only downsides to this game are the game length ( quite short) and occasional sillyness in switching viewing direction ( the controls are just under completely fluid and get a little caught up on pointer position sometimes, just a tad clunky)Overall I'd give 8/10, I hope part 2 is longer and those minor control glitches get worked out then we may be seeing one of the better Sci-Fi story games to be released in some time."
,Recommended,290770,17052036,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,tyrak,"Excellent side-scrolling action-adventure game with some of the best AI characters you'll ever see.It's got lots of puzzles, and it's more on the ""adventure"" side of the spectrum than the ""action"" side, but the 2D gunplay is fairly cohesive and works well enough. Puzzles are pretty much in the middle of the challenge spectrum, though one or two are a little weird, as you'd expect from an adventure game.Even if you're not big into the genre, play it for the story, which is definitely the highlight of this thing. Don't want to spoil anything, but it's a really good story about artificial intelligence, and it's told quite well.Game's definitely worth it, try it out."
,Recommended,290770,17063716,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Not Vaught,"Abstract: Now here's a game that makes me say things I rarely get to say: Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ sign me up for the next one. For how linear and short it is, the aesthetics, story, voice acting, and overall interest this game garnered from me made me glad I got this game when I did. Hell, the ending got me so good, I'm gonna grab the second game the moment it hits the store! Enough gushing, though. The game is good but has some wonky portions.Since this game was pretty darn short, I'll just give it a short review.The Good: Like I said before, the voice acting, the gameplay, the puzzles, the ambient sounds, the aesthetic...just about all of this game draws you in with its everything. While the colors are pretty much just black and varying blues all the way through, the contrasting colors that youdosee pop out the most and will immediately draw your attention to details. The story is nothing I've experienced before, the game making me want to complete the puzzles to discover more of the puzzles.The Okay: And, like I said before, there are some wonky parts. The interaction mechanic was a little weird having to hold it down instead of pressing it. There wasn't an option for this either, unfortunately. It being a point-and-click-like adventure, it falls into the ""try everything on everything"" when you get stuck. Sometimes you'll stumble across the solution, other times you'll be flying back and forth to see if you missed anything.The Mean: The combat system, while interesting, felt like an after-thought. It didn't really add much to have combat other than to slow your roll from puzzle to puzzle. A lot of it came down to experimentation. Some puzzle solutions were pretty esoteric. It made sense, but sometimes it made you want to tear your hair out in frustration for how simple it was. At some points, you'll actually run into an enemy that pushes you into a wall, which can result in being stuck or shoved a floor under.Overall: Would I recommend this game? ♥♥♥♥ yes I would. I'd warn them of how short it is, but if they loved point and click adventure games, then the length  shouldn't be too much of a bother."
,Recommended,290770,17063885,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Malken,a refreshing take on atmospheric gameplay that's just as much point n click as it is metroid.pretty gud storytellingpatiently awaiting the sequel
,Recommended,290770,17018986,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Cuirisse,"The Fall is thought-provoking and deep. The gameplay falls somewhere between 'point and click adventure' and platformer. Most of the interactivity is puzzle/problem solving, broken up by the occasional gun battle vs. security bots. The puzzles were decently complex and rewarding. However the gun fights were almost disappointingly easy, as the final boss battle was the only moment throughout the game where I found myself nervously eyeing my health bars.Overall: The Fall is well worth both the price, especially if it's on sale, and the time invested. Replay value is relatively high, as I am left wondering if there were other paths I may have taken for a different conclusion. I am eagerly waiting for the next installment."
,Recommended,290770,17087469,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,pendragon77,"Mix together:A sidescrolling gameplay.A somewhat minimalistic, yet beautiful graphics creating an immersive atmosphere. Like the game Limbo.Basic fighting elements like in Deadlight.Classic adventure elements with Item-combining puzzles.Put it all in a mysteriuos and intelligent story involving A.I.s.Create an innovative implementation of A.I. features into gameplay and UI.Wrap it up with a satisfying ending.Voila: The Fall.Rather short gameplay time of 3-4 hours, so get it on discount.Otherwise : Recommended !"
,Recommended,290770,17256523,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Sleeper,"The story is engaging, the voice acting is good enough to maintain suspension of disbelief and the gameplay is smooth.If I have one complaint it would be the length of the game.  It's way too short for anyone to be paying full price.  They leave you with a ""to be continued"" but really, it felt... incomplete.  Like the developer was rushed to production so they just polished up the first chapter to an acceptable shine and sent it to market."
76561198133074271,Not Recommended,290770,11668046,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,jesse,"Beautiful and unusual visual design, and sort of an interesting storyline for the few hours I played it. Actual game play is boring. You wander around clicking on things to see if you can solve a puzzle, then you give up and read a walkthrough. So the game devolves to paint-by-numbers, following the instructions of the walkthrough just so you can admire the visuals a while longer. Long periods are spent looking at a very dark scene and listening to computer characters have expository conversations. I played a few hours then uninstalled it."
,Recommended,290770,11681164,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,zzzz,"The story is interesting, the puzzle is ok if on the easy side. But please improve the control scheme. It is simply quite horrible for keyboard and mouse play."
,Recommended,290770,11605441,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen,"I wish i had found out about this game sooner, i would have backed it to the hills! The Fall is a truely unique piece as the story is unlike anything i have seen before or at least very original! You play as A.R.I.D, an A.I system which takes control of it's humans suit to protect it! I really liked playing through this game for multiple reasons. The atmosphere is brilliant, the use of dark moody colours and silhouettes contrasting with the backgrounds is nice and really adds to it, the music helps create this tension as well. The story combined with the great voice acting just dragged me in, i honestly cannot recommend this enough to anyone who is a lover of sci-fi, thrillers and mystery! To summarise everything was great! i need more, i need it!"
76561197971708954,Recommended,290770,11686140,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Sophuis,"Good gameplay and atmospheric art help present an engaging and philosophical sci-fi story. Short, but sweet. Highly recommended."
76561197974281429,Recommended,290770,11680223,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,W. Crispy,"I like the style, the art, the story, all seems intriguing.  Of course, 20 minutes in and I'm defeated by the elevator puzzle.  Games like this are supposed to be intuitive, with some kind of dialogue or hint.  All this game does for that puzzle is go ""Hmm, there must be a way down there."" like ♥♥♥♥ing duh, that's what I've been trying to do this whole time.  Very irritating.  I shouldn't have to look this♥♥♥♥♥♥up right at the beginning, and this is coming from a veteran that grew up with Monkey Island, Day of the Tentacle, Sam n Max, The Dig, and a plethora of point n click adventure games.All it would take for this elevator thing is a little set of lights on the panel that blink red when it's off, 1, 2, 3, in yellow as it's getting ready, and then green when it starts moving, like hey, you can walk off this thing before it goes.  Subtle, without giving it away.  Or, maybe a sign or little robotic voice saying something like, ""Lift engaging, please do not exit the lift until it comes to a complete stop.""  Stuff like this immediately makes people want to think about doing the opposite, and what would happen, from roller coasters to airplanes, having to do with people's mindsets in wanting to give authority the middle finger, etc.I'm not the only one, either, and it's such a stupid puzzle once you realize how to get around it, which is why I'm sure the devs don't see how ridiculous it is for a fresh player.  I almost gave this game a thumbs-down, hoping the devs would notice and fix it, but I'm not going to.  Dudes, when making a game that you play and test over and over and over, sure, it gets boring and easy and tedious, but you really have to keep in mind how a fresh player is going to see things."
76561198070298128,Recommended,290770,11744991,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,javajoe,"The Fall is a 2-d point-and-click adventure game with some action/platform elements. The ambiance and story were very inventive, and the voice acting in general was surprisingly good. It works better as a story than as a game. The game is a little bit buggy for me, sometimes my guy would get stuck and I had to restart the game. Since this is an indy game this is not a huge surprise. The story is a very dark sci-fi tale in a kind of post-apocalyptic setting. The action and platforming elements were not great, the controls were just not tight enough for a good action game experience. For sci-fi adventure game fans, this game is worth a look. If you are expecting a good 2-d action game, best to move on to The Swapper, or Braid, or Fly'n, or Trine, or even Bastion."
76561198044844179,Recommended,290770,11720773,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Your Ever Faithful Lover,"This game was stellar, and I'm usually not one for puzzle games. Good combat when it pops up,  never an overly cheap puzzle where you run around and accidentally find out how to do something, and to top it all off an awesome story that keeps you on the edge of your seat the whole way through."
,Recommended,290770,11731509,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Ashmoses,"Well, it's short. I got stumped a few times and still finished the game in just under four hours. It's heavily story-based so the re-play value is probably a bit low -- but that is a problem with the genre, not the game itself.But was it worth the 10 bucks? Definitely. The art is pretty (if a bit hard to see at times), the sound and voice acting is great and the gameplay is pretty solid. But most importantly: despite the difficulty of some of the puzzles, I enjoyed the game through and through.Some players were annoyed that the ending is a bit of a cliff-hanger -- but I'd argue that it reveals just enough to allow the game to stand on its own. There are tons of open questions left and it's not guaranteed that they will be answered in any of the future chapters. It's not a game for those who obsess over getting ""100%"" of a game, but that is intentional. Good storytelling is based on telling you just enough to keep you interested, not boring you with exhaustive details.A++ would buy again."
76561198042240340,Recommended,290770,11734462,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,OrganicMekanic,It's about as good a game about robot laws as anything Isaac Asimov might have made.  Very clever!
,Recommended,290770,11491253,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Rapid,"It is a story about obedience, rules, bounds and limits from an AI's point of view. What a robot would do to save her pilot's life and what decisions she needs to make to take him to safety? Everyone is faulty around you or you are the faulty one? Who's helping you and who's the enemy? Do you following your protocols?This is the one third part of a trilogy and I must say, it is a really good one. The story is amazing, along with the visuals and the puzzles you need to complete. The second and third parts are under development and I must say, I will be a pre-orderer for sure."
,Recommended,290770,11491726,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,skeledude,"Albeit it short, this is an amazing experience of a game!"
,Recommended,290770,11493506,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Skace,"At 50% off it is an excellent, yet short Platform/Adventure/Action game. I absolutely love the AI conversations in this game."
,Recommended,290770,11492452,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Go Fox Yourself,"The Fall....... a game i purchased on a impulse buy and in the hopes that it would be in the same league as Limbo, after beating it i regret nothing and the fall definitely surpassed expectations . One of the few games that the story has gripped me within a few minutes of playing and even after finishing it has left me sinking in the subplots that are hinted throughout the whole game making the end open to interpretation until the future episodes are released. Sadly the Game is short and is currently in an episodic format with no release date for next episodes. The Game has the atmosphere, sound design and art style that compliments this Swapper/limbo-esque game perfectly. Combines a nice pace of puzzle solving with backtracking and somewhat satisfying combat, the combat mechanics could use some work since not once did i fear for my life and the boss was somewhat easy to read and managed to kill him fairly fast and outside of the puzzles the game  didnt really challenge me at all, overall i highly recommend playing this if you're into dark sci fi adventure games, specially if its available for sale."
76561198030274793,Recommended,290770,11496023,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Ilzor,"This game was pretty nice and innovative even, but I doubt it will be much remembered. I payed about 5$ and the price was right. Some of the puzzles were not so logical, but that goes with the genre. Could've used more horror elements. Overall I think the guys at over the moon might be unto something good in the future. This game was quite OK and most of all fresh."
76561198038653859,Recommended,290770,11496372,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,gabeclone,"i'll say a couple of things. the fall is an extremely well crafted game. it has an excelent story and a bit of a twist at the end. however it is short, i wish it was longer, but at least it didn't overstay its welcome. it's better to leave a player wanting for more than to make them bored with too much content."
76561197972097141,Recommended,290770,11496452,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,RNmed,"Atmospheric, retro (similar to the old 90's 16 Bit flash back), with a  well developed, deep, story line.  Whilst solving the puzzles can be fun and satisfying there were times where I had missed checking an area of the scenery for an essential item.  This unfortunately led to back tracking, pain stakingly checking every area of a level for part of a solution to a puzzle.  However it does also require you to occasionaly think 'outside of the box'. Controls can be a little awkward during combat and item selection and does take getting used to.  Other wise a very enjoyable, although short adventure/puzzle game with an immersive atmosphere, thought provoking narative with outstanding voice acting and beautiful art style.  I bought this at 50% discount which I believe is excellent value.  Looking forward to the next instalment."
76561198010237924,Recommended,290770,11496854,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Kanto the Jester,one of the BEST games ive played sure the controls are kinda hard to get used to and sure the puzzles are really hard but the STORY makes up for it all (in my opinion) id rate it 9/10
,Recommended,290770,11497502,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Zomb13,"Thoroughly enjoyed this first installment. Atmospheric, full of suspense and mystery. Controls on keyboard take a little while to get used to and I guess could have done with remapping but soon got used to them. Took about 3 hours to complete and although I may replay again in future for completion sake, this one is for the story and experience. Recommended."
76561198146316630,Recommended,290770,11497534,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,whereistheorange,I really liked this game. It had a nice story line and a few likeable characters. It left the story hanging so im hoping for another one and will definitely be excited for that one! :-)
,Recommended,290770,11696797,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,CromsTeeth,Great game. Really cool story.
,Recommended,290770,17240147,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Arachin,"A dark and psychological short story with a good atmosphere. Gameplay is okay, almost point-and-clickey. Platforming isn't really a thing, and the combat sections are repetitive and non-challenging, but overall the experience is short and sweet. I'd be eager to see more of the same dystopian universe, but ideally with more polish and variety.[6.9]"
,Recommended,290770,17587292,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Hotel Bones,"The Fall is a unique take on the point-and-click adventure genre that all fans should give a shot. The way that the game handles puzzles in relation to the character's conflicts creates a very unique dynamic that I have never experienced in other entries in the genre.There are some problems with the game, sometimes I could not solve some puzzles because of a glitch or two. So it can cause some serious frustration when the solution you are looking for actually doesn't exist, but simply restarting the game can resolve that.If you want the best experience while playing this game DON'T READ SPOILERS. There is some story beats that are exciting and you would only be making it a lesser experience by finding out what those are before the time you reach the end.For those who aren't interested in puzzle games or adventure point-and-clicks, using a guide while playing through may not be a bad thing either, the story is a different take on AI becoming independent and emotional attachment between them."
,Not Recommended,290770,17679673,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Cyril,"I give this a negative review for the gameplay, because the gameplay is... not very good. The puzzles are bad-quality point-and-click adventure style, but you have travel time included. Looking around in the darkness with your flashlight is basically pixel hunting. Some of the solutions are stupid to figure out. The combat's not very good, either. At first your gun takes forever to shoot, and when you get it upgraded, enemies get more HP, so there's basically no point. The final boss is a joke and the only challenge is figuring out that it's -another- puzzle.But the story is good, great possibly, if the second half of the game carries the momentum of this one, and the atmosphere, while a bit samey, works. I'd have rather seen this as maybe a more narrative-driven game, with choice and consequence instead of the 2D adventure game we got. I think the story has potential to make a great game, but the actual game released is very mediocre and annoying to play."
76561197971979171,Not Recommended,290770,17808599,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Kehama Skyfire,"This game has an interesting premise but very, no, extremely poor controls, whether you use a keyboard or a gamepad. It was so frustrating that I could not stand to try it more than 15 minutes."
76561198033387908,Recommended,290770,17811844,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,frontlinefallguy,Even robots can enjoy a dystopian future:)
,Recommended,290770,17812303,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,RagNoRaT,"A wonderful project I wish I had funded during the kickstarter program, but well, good news is there is another episode coming soon.Do give it a try, well worth the money, and gets your head thinking on how to solve the intricate puzzles in the game."
,Recommended,290770,16443281,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Seanzie Apples,Basically a short adventure game with a bit of action and an awesome story. Can't wait for the sequel!
,Recommended,290770,16444389,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,[FST] Skuzyfox,Great Game!! canot wait for the next installment
,Not Recommended,290770,16447242,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Gunwitch Tess,"This game was intriguing and interesting for all of a half-hour that it actually worked. Then I started getting some pretty weird visual glitches leading up to a completely game breaking glitch that haulted my progress entirely. Really want to like this game, really want to play it, but alas I'm not sure if its the result of sloppy programing or just incompatibility with Windows 8 in any case the game is unplayable as is."
76561197970840537,Recommended,290770,17888841,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,infin,"The great writing here – a dark sci-fi plot on the nature of identity and duty/morality, convincing dialogue and characterizations, plus some (again, dark) humor – carries the experience.  Worthy assistance also comes from the subtlety of visual and aural elements that inspire the imagination without showing every detail.Unfortunately, the short length (I completed the game twice in less than four hours) means that much of the gameplay feels restrictively linear.  And despite novel variations on the standard adventure game formula and some decent puzzles, the control scheme feels (intentionally?) clunky and frustrating.Overall, as much as I enjoyed it, I can't wholeheartedly recommend The Fall as a standalone experience.  As the first chapter of a larger series, however, it is excellent and will leave you wanting more.  The next chapter is already in the works, so I’ve heard."
,Recommended,290770,17905225,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Greg,But it's so small... and so short... how is it so GOOD?!?! What a fantastic story. I highly recommend this game.
76561198038588810,Recommended,290770,16566586,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Anourou,"the controls take a bit to get used to, and the duration is rather short, but the storyline is engaging and a refreshing change of pace. You most likely will not expect how this game ends.10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,290770,16566597,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,神秘,"From the very beginning of 'The Fall' it was easy to tie yourself into the atmosphere. While some of the challenges are a bit metroidvania-esque needing to run around to find specifics to advance, the story alone is absolutely phenominal. The atmosphere of the world the character ends up trapped on has a lot of hidden lore and guess work into what has really happened. There are plenty of story plots that just make you say 'what the f**k...' I only got stuck on one spot in the game and that caused me to waste about an hour trying to find out what to do next. Though, the rest of the puzzels are a bit challenging a lot of them make sense pretty quick once you explore a little.I personally got emotionally attached to the main character/s from the start and the voice acting really drew me in. By the end I was left with a bunch of 'omg' 'wtf' and '(shocked)' expessions and statements, and if there is ever a continuation... I'll be first in line to jump on the band wagon to find out more of the lore and... Just what the f**k happens next!The combat is a bit janky to say the least. Many instances where I would have enter cover and get stuck in a 'semi-crouch' or 'semi-cover dodge' only to still be completely exposed and take all shot straight to the shields and hp. I also had plenty of mouse bugs while playing. The mouse bouncing up and down very rapidly, and the vertical mouse axis just not working from time to time until I turned it off and on again. So aside from the combat leaving much to be desired, I didn't buy the game for the combat. :PFinal statement... Buy it, but only if you want a rich story with some good voice acting."
,Recommended,290770,16568095,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,timtedtomtod,"Nice game, combo of puzzle-exploring throw back and moral dilemmas. Excited to see how they move forward and the story of ARID develops. Controls are somewhat clunky for the ""action"" aspects of the game. It works out ok, but I hope in the future they create more options on handling the action."
,Recommended,290770,16572063,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Buster Bottom-Scoring Baxter,"This has become a new favorite of mine. The way the game portrays AI is so well done, and hard to describe in this review. Do yourself a favor and get this game."
76561197993177765,Recommended,290770,16573317,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,kitsune,"Nice story, voice acting, and atmosphere. Controls can be a bit wonky and it ends on a cliff hanger. Maybe wait until parts 2 and 3 are done before buying."
,Recommended,290770,16573639,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Mediocre Onion Knight,"An adventure game with a super interesting premise. Best to go in blind, but if that's not your thing, the idea is you are the AI in a powersuit and your pilot is unresponsive. That leaves you alone on a planet, unaware of why you're there or what happened to your pilot. The plot is the whole reason to play the game, but it's really interesting from start to end. Fair warning though: it ends on a cliffhanger, so don't get it if you're not willing to also get The Fall 2 when it comes out"
,Recommended,290770,16577822,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,PandaSuit,Enjoyed it
76561197969191931,Recommended,290770,11541684,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Doticus,"The puzzles and story are interesting and often surprising.  You may need to use event triggers or objects in multiple ways to solve puzzles.   The interface and ""combat"" are clunky but you will eventually get used to it.     All in all, worth the playthrough."
,Recommended,290770,11542444,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Akirsin,"Its a fun and engaging game, can't wait  for the other two parts"
76561198004369305,Recommended,290770,11596400,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Tril,Nice game. A bit short.
76561198079907731,Recommended,290770,11631875,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,O.G. Onions,"this game makes you think.  this game makes you feel.  this game forces you to push imaginative boundaries and begs you to keep playing. i found myself attatched to ARID,  and wanted nothing more than to help her save her injured pilot...everyone should play this game.  i can't wait to find out what happens next."
,Recommended,290770,11652316,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Rathori,"One of the most atmospheric games I've played in a long time. Controls take a bit of getting used to, otherwise - the game is sheer perfection."
,Recommended,290770,11654269,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Fennyface,"This game is short, cumbersome to control and a bit too easy. Now that i have the bad things out of the window, let's focus on what is good about this game: atmosphere, storyline, humor, riddle ideas, interesting protagonist, lots of tension and suspense, different kind of setting and - last but not least - hope that there will be a sequel, since this game ends with a small cliffhanger.""The Fall"" plays like a mixture of Alien (the good type of game), Another World (combat simplified) and point-n-click Adventure with a twist, with focus heavily set on the latter. It's not overly complex but challenging enough to keep you interested in progress, plus the dry humor helps you to enjoy every single line of dialogue.  Throughout the short play duration of 3-4h the quality stays on a constantly high level, so a 5$ pricetag is more than justified if you're looking for a neat and concise experience."
76561198003173348,Recommended,290770,11505464,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,InverseFalcon,"Extremely well written, and amazing voice acting! Eagerly looking forward to parts 2 and 3!"
,Recommended,290770,11509051,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,El Botijo,"I was expecting something else, maybe a Swapper or similar. But this is not a puzzle based platformer, it is more or less an adventure game with some short action scenes. So you end up collecting almost random stuff and using these items in almost relevant places. Combat is on the easy side of things, with checkpoints that let you focus on the action at hand.The store page describes the story more or less OK. You control ARID, an AI inside a combat suite that is in search of medical assistance for its pilot. If I say anything more, this game will become shorter than what it is. That is, around the three to four hour mark. Yes, that is right, expect a short game here. Worst thing of all: the ""To Be Continued"" message.The game is dark, even darker than The Swapper. There are one or two gross moments too. And there are some non obvious visual cues that can lead you to wonder what to do next. I was stuck to one of these for some time.I was not aware the game could be played with an XBox360 pad, but it can be. Playing with the mouse is somewhat strange, in that you move the mouse in order to do change the angle at which the character is looking at. I had expected the character to always look at the mouse cursor instead.And, as important as ever, I had not experienced any bug of any sort.So, I liked the game, although it is not as involving as I would have expected."
76561198047922019,Recommended,290770,11509380,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,sewers522,"A wonderful deep story with complex and mind-stretching puzzles. Controls and combat are both solid even with just keyboard and mouse.As it is part 1, it is a very short game. But worth your time in enjoyment and challenge."
76561198082774138,Recommended,290770,11512561,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,ohawaffle,gets a little spooky i r8 8/8 would not advise playing if ur under the age of 420
76561198094296117,Recommended,290770,11621386,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,kyle1r97,"""The Fall"" is a beautiful game with a gripping story and memorable characters. It's a short game (i completed it in a single sitting.) but it is totally worth it for such a low price. I will definitely purchase the next episode as soon as it comes out and i sincerely hope that you do too. Low price, great story, intriguing puzzles, amazing characters, tense combat, and pitch perfect voice-acting. I give ""The Fall"" a 10\10! Buy it now, or whenever it's on sale again 'cause you know it will beNever Forget:""Hank""2014"
,Not Recommended,290770,11613092,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Lafarda,Unpolished. Control scheme feels tedious.
,Recommended,290770,16503710,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Big Man,"Science fiction is a very tired genre. It seems like every new story or movie or game deals with the same thing. It's boring. Needless to say, there are concerns when diving into a game that centers on Artificial Intelligence and the moralities of dealing with the three rules inspired by Asimov.I changed my mind pretty quickly into the game. The platforming and puzzles were interesting enough to make me continuously want to keep playing. Soon, the characters began to pull me in too. It's nearly impossible to not be enchanted by the mainframe and his ""human"" characteristics. Moreover, some of the outcomes of certain puzzles were genuinely jarring and the choices that needed to be made truly resonated with me.While I appreciated the environment, it seemed like finding certain objects to progress the game were made difficult by just how dark it was. That may have been a brightness issue, but I think that it has more to do with how carefully you have to aim your flashlight in order to select anything.All in all, I think this is a fantastic game and can't wait for the next installment of the franchise."
,Recommended,290770,16506352,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Cihan Serter,A short but nice puzzle/action game.
,Recommended,290770,16480115,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Midnight [Haise],"The Fall.Where should I start?The Fall is a sidescrolling puzzle game with a little bit of combat mixed in, so the gameplay is pretty straightforward. Most of the puzzles are complex enough to be interesting and frustrating (in a good way), but not impossible.Combat is straightforward enough and not overly complex, just simple enough to be decent.I was a bit offput by the controlls at first, but got used to them pretty fast.Now, the best part: The story.The story is singlehandedly the best part about this game, with great dialogue, interesting characters and an intriguing plot. There were times where I literally screamed WHAT THE F#%K! or HOLY S#@T!, something which few games manage to do these days. There are some legitamitely amazing (and horrible) (mostly horrible) moments in this that kept me on the edge of my seat throughout the game. The ONLY thing that kept the game from being almost perfect, was the fact that it ended on a mind♥♥♥♥ing cliffhanger, so I sadly cannot give it a full rating.Still, on sale or not this game is entirely worth your time.(9/10)"
,Recommended,290770,16481911,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,outsmar the wise,"This game is fantastic,probably one of the best I've ever played!The story is very well made,the puzzles make you observate the environment..The story ending...Is really surprising..10/10 you should buy it right now!"
,Recommended,290770,16482472,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Fewufu,"The Fall.I purchased this as I missed the Kickstarter campaign and heard a lot of good things about it.The gameplay is fun, search for items; use them with other items to complete the missions.The controls are a bit shoddy and unresponsive at times (jumping whilst moving sometimes failed).I have tried with both keyboard and Xbox pad and both seem to be the same.Very short game but much fun and need to complete 2x at least to get all achievements which i will be doing.Well worth the money, so what are you waiting for.. gogogogogo"
76561198040942786,Recommended,290770,16483419,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,23porkman,I bought this game over the summer sale for 1.99 $ and it was well worth it. I would recommend this to all of my friend.Pros:Interesting story.Characters with personality.the puzzles arent spoon fed to you but they arent convoluded and insane.unexpected twist at the end.Cons:the controls for keyboard and mouse are kinda clunky at times.(I have yet to use a controller on this game)the game is fairly short.(to be continued though)My over all score for this game is 8/10.I bought this game for 1.99$ but I dont think it is worth 9.99$ maybe wait for it to go on sale.
,Recommended,290770,16484562,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Deedlydee,"I got this game on sale for two bucks, and it was worth every penny.  I beat it in about three hours, but those three hours were filled with (mostly) interesting puzzles, (mostly) compelling story, and (mostly) funny jokes.  Some of the puzzles are obtuse, a couple plot points are not that well done, and a few jokes fall flat - but nothing's perfect.  Overall, this is a very tight and polished game with only a few flaws, and I can't wait to play the second one!"
,Recommended,290770,16485397,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Taddy Mason,Beautiful.
76561197970778480,Recommended,290770,16486496,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Gacu666,I cared for the AI more than I cared for my hamster.11/10 would fall again
,Recommended,290770,16469792,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Iskander,"This game is a fantastic story about an AI wrestling with its prime directive, in a sense. It is a simple side scrolling sequential puzzler, where you must explore and discover items, and know when to use them etc. But the art is great, the mood it creates is rather endearing (especially as the AI continually asserts that it wishes to protect it's pilot), and the combat/other game mechanics are enjoyably simple.Worth it as a sale purchase."
76561198106626988,Not Recommended,290770,16487679,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,az,"The premise is interesting and the follow through, insofar as I have scene, was pretty great. However, this was adventure game nonsense. Perhaps this made more sense for adventure game afficianodos but to me it was pretty much of the try everything everywhere variety. The puzzles aren't overly difficult, or even illogicial for that matter, but there isn't much to push you in the right direction most times. Either that or the puzzles are exceedingly obvious. I'm not too wild about the combat although there really isn't too much negative to say about it. Could be an excellent game with much much better puzzles."
76561198055207004,Not Recommended,290770,16488055,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Anim8edN8,"I picked up this game expecting it to be primarily action and story-oriented, as the commercials suggested a tense and fast-paced atmosphere. What I got, however, was a challenging puzzle game with controls that didn't seem to properly fit the combat segments, however short they were.First, the story. One of the primary reasons I picked this up was because people were praising the story and atmosphere. Truthfully, the plot itself isn't stellar, but the characters are very likeable, and the ongoing theme of obedience vs purpose is engaging. However, the ending kind of ruined the overall experience, with sequel bait that left me deflated rather than satisfied.The controls felt very clunky the entire time I played. I think it's fair to say that this is more a point-and-click adventure rather than a side-scroller or platformer, so moving around didn't feel quite as fluid as in other games, and this was made especially clear during the cover shooting segments.I've played through it's entirety, but I have to say this game is not for me. It's not bad, it just wasn't what they advertised it to be. It's for the kind of person who prefers games that require heavy exploration and intuitive problem-solving. If that's not what you're looking for, then don't bother."
76561198025290598,Recommended,290770,16488943,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Eiris,"The Fall is a rather short game, but for me it hit all the right marks. The controls did take a second to get used to, but upon  doing so it was nothing overly strange that I hadn't seen before. As for the story, I can say that it didn't disappoint me like other games have when it comes to the trailar versus what's actually presented in the game. The few characters you interact with and the character of Arid are all well represented in both their dialogue, actions, and the accompanied voice acting. I can not count the amount of Samantha Traynor moments I had when hearing Arid's voice. (I'll admit it, I have a thing for Female Robots/AI.)Overall, despite the shortness, I really enjoyed this game and the story it presented. I'd sugget picking up this title on sale for sure if you enjoy scifi in general really. From what I understand there is a second part in the making and I will be very much looking forward to this, espically with the questions the ending leaves us with."
,Recommended,290770,16489611,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,you are motherfucker?,"If you are looking for a great cheap game, you have found it. This game has a feeling to it that is very hard to describe. So here are the pros and cons, in my opinion.Pros:-Very well written story-Fully voiced (I just love it when indie games do this)-Very well done music-Very well done audio-Gameplay is stellar, puzzles are hard and make you think.Cons:-Very short. I would like to have learned a bit more about the world around me, however a part two is coming soon so more will probably be explained.-No replayablity. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, however it does not give enough to do other than the story. Like I said though, it isn't necessarily a bad thing."
,Recommended,290770,16490435,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Human Time Machine,"Get comfortable, you’re in for a little treat.Intriguing and creatively written narrative (with a dash of dark humor, my favorite!)Impressive, spot-on voice actingDecent puzzles, interesting solutionsI am not normally a huge fan of side-scrollers, but I took a chance on this game for it’s atmosphere – it delivered and then some. The controls can be a little wonky, but they can be easily overlooked. I did not discover the news that this is apparently part one of a trilogy until after I finshed the game...Needless to say, I eagerly await more."
76561197961857715,Recommended,290770,16464255,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,tcodan,It's a good game. You should buy it because it is a fun game. Thank you for reading this.  You are the best.
,Not Recommended,290770,16466055,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,DeadnCryin,controls are horrendous.game interface is byond awful.i bought it on sale for 1.90 euro and i feel like i lost 100 euros.you want a similar but thousend times better game. go get [The Swapper].
76561198100981453,Recommended,290770,16469461,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Kadulikan,"The Fall is well done and left me wanting more, but it's just too short. I found that I was just getting invested- fully immerssed- at the cliffhanger at the very end of the game. In my opinion, a game that costs ten dollars shouldn't be only 3 hours (that's total, if you count a helluva lot of puzzles/backtracking). All in all, The Fall has the potential to be something special, and I truly hope that part 2 will give us more story, and less time-eating puzzles."
,Recommended,290770,16451606,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Micah,"I liked it very much. In the end, it was shorter than I would've liked, but what there was felt challenging without being ridiculously frustrating (as many adventure games often are, usually by giving ambiguous or misleading clues), and I felt like the story was engaging and haunting, and I definitely would like more of the same."
76561197977879212,Recommended,290770,16457041,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,raexn,"The narrative of the game sucks you in incredibly.  I do agree that the control are kind of cumbersome.  4hrs game time start to finish, first time play through."
,Recommended,290770,11478301,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Hyp3r,A great game idea with an engaging story and eerie atmosphere. It is about 2 - 3 hours long depending on how fast you're playing which isn't bad for 5 - 10 dollars compared to to cost of most entertainment these days. Give it a look because there are going to be two more episodes to come.
76561197998876917,Recommended,290770,16463774,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,sqspecial,Short game but a great story. I greatly enjoyed this game and I am looking forward to episode 2.
,Recommended,290770,13487135,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,demichem,"Really enjoyed it. Had to look up the solutions for some of the puzzles, but overall an enjoyable experience. Good soundtrack, good characters, very nice looking game. Setting has a bit of an Aperture Science feel to it."
,Recommended,290770,13475617,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,LocustStar,"Fantastic game, very unique and well worth the recommendation. Despite a few minor gripes with some of the puzzle mechanics, everything about the game was solid. I'll break it down here:- Graphics and art looked extremely polished and well designed. I really liked the 3d graphics with 2d platforming, which can be tricky to get right. The dark lighting really added to the atmosphere, but the silhouetting made sure you know where your character is at all times. The textures and models beneath the lighting looked really nice too; when you fire A.R.I.D's gun, it illuminates the whole area for a split second, allowing you to glimpse the hard work that's gone into the it all. The animations were solid and convincingly robotic, and the backgrounds were just awesome.- Sound design and music were also totally solid and really fit into the atmosphere of the game, adding an eerie and arid (heh) ambience without drawing too much attention to itself. The voice acting was pretty fantastic too, well recorded, well acted and well edited, it just blends right in.- The story was great too, maybe inspired by Isaac Asimov? I won't get too much into it, but if you're into sci-fi, you'll love it. The dialogue was really well written, the story progressed at a steady pace, teaching you more about the characters and the facility. I was hooked. My only criticism is the mainframe A.I. seemed a little too human. He seemed to really care about A.R.I.D. and the other robots (great job on the voice actor's part), but I think he should have been written to seem like he was feigning affection.- The gameplay was really unique, I love the twist on the point n' click puzzle solving, and the combat really broke it up and made the whole thing more exciting. The devs' choice to display a list of the suit's extended functions like 'unlockable abilities' that unlock when the suit needs them, but not giving access to all of them (because the suit didn't need them) was very clever indeed and added a lot of realism. Criticisms here would involve some of the puzzles and how their solutions were illogical, a common gripe I have for the genre. Why did I have to find and crush a gold coin to make a wire when there were plenty of other wires I could break? Why couldn't I just smear the fish guts on myself? Some solutions needed a lot of walking back and forth and looking for something that I hadn't found, which was a bit annoying, but other than that, I still loved it.Thanks for an awesome game guys, can't wait for the next one!"
,Recommended,290770,13491620,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,"Jhony ""The Sekeltorn"" Cool J","The Fall is an amazing narritive experience about a suit AI, its occupant, and the oddesy that comes from it. It lacks some mechanical refinement and a guide was necessary to solve some of the more obtuse and poorly conveyed puzzles. Hint, stuff with even a slight glow is important, and things that spark are important (despite the whole fact that the place is broken down jesus christ why would you do that to tell the player that thing is interesting.)Qualms separated from the excellent bits, there is a sequel in the works and I'd highly reccomend putting your money toward it by buying this game first."
76561198025019926,Recommended,290770,13703479,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,mobnauseum,First and foremost this is an adventure game with some smart storytelling and a sprinkling of dark humour. Don't read anything or risk spoilers.The game took under 3 hours to finish and probably told the best story of any game this year. If you are interested in narrative led games and sci-fi (self aware AI and its implications) this is a MUST.
76561198049591781,Recommended,290770,13704879,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Triceracop,Absolutely loved The Fall!! definitely a must play!
,Recommended,290770,13771371,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,BillyWitchDoctor.com,"==WARNING: PLEASE, ONLY PURCHASE THIS GAME WHEN IT IS ON SALE. IT LASTS AN AVERAGE OF 3-4 HOURS AND A FULL $10 PRICE DOES NOT JUSTIFY IT==That being said, the game delivers what it says. Dark, atmospheric world with puzzles and a couple situations I found humorous and others I found awfully dark. There's some bare minimal decision making to be done, mostly paragon/renegade situations, though they have no bearing from what I can tell on the outcome, simply on what achievement you get.Controls are very nice, rebindable, and such. A.R.I.D. undergoes a bit of character development. The writing is very lovely as  well as the few voice actors there are.Again, the only issue I have with this is that this is a Part 1 of a 3 part game. Only kickstarters would get all 3 episodes when they're released. I just don't think $10 justifies a 3 hour experience, and if the others are released and have to be bought seperatly, it would make me cringe.It's a great, great game for the short time you have to play it. I'd recommend holding off till all 3 parts are released and see what the devs decide to do before picking it up yourself."
,Recommended,290770,13772400,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Abominable Wombat,"The Fall is a scifi adventure game about artificial intelligence. This is a damn good game. Excellent feat of storytelling in video games. I can't wait to see where this game goes in its following acts and I would love to see more games like it. Be warned, however, that it is rather short (I got about 3 hours of play) and some say it is not worth the money. I got it on sale for 5 USD and would have happily payed more. Overall, 11/10. Would definitely buy again! :D"
,Recommended,290770,13773959,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Jannock Nogs,"This game, while very short (it only took me about 3-4 hours to beat), manages to thrust me head first into it's dark and mysterious world and left me wanting more. Just as the title describes, the game starts with a combat suit falling to an unknown place from an unknown source. You play as the onboard A.I. trying to save her pilot and struggling with the fact that she might be malfunctioning.Throughout the game you will encounter many challenges and puzzles that are common of a point and click game but it is mixed with a solid cover-focused combat system. Overall I never found this system tiring growing stale as the difficulty ramps up throughout as well as you obtain several upgrades that help in combat.To conclude, I say play this game. If you don't want to pay the asking price of $10 at least buy it when it's on sale. The cliffhanger ending left me wanting more but according to the game there will be a second part; I patiently await the second installment fervently.tl;dr: Get this game if you like dark sci-fi action and/or point and click games."
76561198061568395,Recommended,290770,13775301,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Frumple Quest,"First of all, don't play it without fullscreen on, the controls suffer greatly for some reason, other than that, a fun, spooky scary game.One of the best horror atmospheres for 2D games, it really creeps me out whenever i find a crucified human body in-between dismantled robots, ask my friend about it, and he says ""Probably an unlucky scavenger, we get a lot of those""."
,Recommended,290770,13777940,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Juanmower,"What a great game, the super moody atmosphere is incredible. The puzzles are unique and fun to complete. The story is nice and dark. Really looking forward to more."
76561198010245588,Recommended,290770,13744506,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Lunafox,"Would play for the story, setting and puzzles however 'Combat' feels like it belongs back in 1992 as I alsmot felt like I was playing the clasic Flashback again... all this can only be a good thing.Has left me hungery for more"
,Recommended,290770,13747942,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Audeez,"The Fall is a troubled, but well made game. To start with, the controls are god awful, more so with keyboard and mouse, but even still on an Xbox controller. The sad part is that it's nothing that a little remapping wouldn't fix, however that's not an option in the game. While the controls are easily my main issue with the game I have to mention some of the puzzles as well. Like The Cave, The Fall is a side scrolling adventure/puzzler, but unlike The Cave, some of the puzzles involve ridiculous actions that you wouldn't even consider as a last resort. One particularly mind numbing experience had me cutting off the head of a monster fish I had just killed, putting the head in the ""detergent"" intake for a laboratory emergency shower, and then dousing myself with the shower so I would smell like fish and thus be able to easily bypass another fish further on. All of this ""making sense"" because a previously found, smashed aquarium had a note on it telling me that this species of mated fish became docile when in the presence of its partner. Options like shoot the fish while it's still in the water or even more involved scenarios like shooting a nearby conduit and electrocuting the thing were obviously too easy to consider.That aside, I did like the game. The art style was different and well executed, the writing and voice acting was quality, and the story was ultimately interesting. Touted as the first part of a trilogy I was worried that I'd be getting something unfinished with The Fall, but even though there's a cliffhanger, this part of the story wrapped up to my satisfaction. The game's cheap enough that checking it out isn't going to break the bank and there are a few walkthoughs in the Steam community to help you when you get stuck so I'd recommend checking it out with the warning that the controls stink. If parts 2 and 3 ever release, I sincerely hope they let me remap."
,Recommended,290770,13769387,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,jdang,"Fantastic game. Even if you're not usually a fan of adventure games, I would still highly recommend this (maybe with a walkthrough handy for some of the more obscure puzzles) so you can see the amazing story through to the end."
,Recommended,290770,13796670,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,thecenturyslayer,"What a cool little game.Most of the game is set up as a combination of a sidescroller and a point & click adventure games of yore, although there is a certain amount of combat.  The visuals do a very good job of showcasing a ruined, forgotten tech facility in an unknown section of the universe.  Some sections of the game echo a Fallout-esque retro-futuristic aesthetic, which I enjoyed.The sound effects didn't blow me away, but the voice acting was quite well done, with The Caretaker pretty much stealing the show.I don't know if this was the best story of 2014, but it deals with AI rampancy quite well.  I know there are supposed to be more episodes forthcoming, but I would really enjoy some more world-building, lore, etc.I think the weakest aspect overall is the puzzles; logically they are sound to me, however, in certain situations the game devolves into a matter of ""find the tiny interaction point somewhere in the 5 areas you have access to"".  The sidescrolling gameplay itself feels fine, but it could be a bit tighter and more responsive.I think this is definitely worth a shot."
76561198083719515,Recommended,290770,13786668,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,theokoles333,"Good game and I will end up buying the sequel.  A bit short, but makes up for it with polish.  Everything works, no bugs.  Reminded me of ""Another World"" with it's gameplay and combat system.  I think there is great potential."
,Recommended,290770,13790525,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Morrier,"A fun little point and click scifi adventure game with some cover based shooting mechanics, >The Fall's real strength is its story and voice acting. Some problems feel like they were made too obtuse, and the combat isn't that satisfying; however, I still really enjoyed the game and look forward to the sequel."
76561198067906172,Recommended,290770,13670519,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,BrokenBlade,beautifull ambiencemind meltingepic rage timesresign and watch a walkthroughepic and loved itdont let the price fool u itss worth it
76561198024225880,Recommended,290770,13673846,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,beefnpeas,"Really good game, I hope they make a sequel. Short game but I got for five bux so excellent price point."
,Recommended,290770,11049068,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Dexasarcade,Amazing
,Recommended,290770,11123784,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Orgel Seira,"Nice, little sci-fi adventure about artificial intelligences, surprisingly good. Visually it's simple, but with the fantastic voice acting the overall atmosphere is very fitting and even immersive. Puzzles are your standard old-school adventure puzzles, nothing wrong with them, if you enjoy games in this genre. It's a little short, just around 4 hours; up to you to decide, if the price is right. Also, it's the first game in a trilogy, so it doesn't explain everything, but I don't think the ending was that bad."
,Recommended,290770,11125343,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,KeX3,"A kinda short but very enjoyable experience. Hoping for further episodes, be they payware or not :)"
,Recommended,290770,11126878,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Draco_Platina,"Don't let the short play time of this game push you away from it. After all, what was Portal?While the controls and some of the puzzles are not very intuitive, it took me back to my days of playing Abuse. I really enjoyed the story, the characters, and the setting. I hope very much to see more of ARID in the future, and THANK YOU Over The Moon for showing that you don't need pixel graphics to make a 2d action/adventure game (pixel graphics have always been my beef with most independant games, it feels like a giant cop out).As for the 'steep price' for this game, I hardly call the price of a Something Awful forum account a steep price. This game was worth my 10bux and I'll gladly buy the foreshadowed next installment."
76561197975408524,Recommended,290770,11160060,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Adian Black,Thematic and thought provocing with fairly tight gameplay as well.  A few puzzles that were more about finding that random tiny thing or making an odd leap of thought but on the whole fantastic!
76561198070216509,Recommended,290770,11161524,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Dusty Old Meme,"The Fall is an interesting game. The voice acting, sounds, and atmosphere are engaging.  However, I don't feel that the game was quite what it should have been.  (*Mild Spoilers Ahead*)  In the beginning of the game, you crash land on an uncharted planet, and have no idea where you are or how you got there.  Your primary objective is to find medical treatment for your human pilot. This is where I feel that the devs missed a huge opportunity.  Since this is the primary objective, there is (as far as I can tell) no real emphasis on the planet you're on.  No information other than that you're near the very edge of the galaxy.  There's no story as to how the facility you explore came to be as it is.There was huge potential for a creepier, more thrilling story that was (again, as far as I can tell) simply thrown away. (*Spoilers End*)The gameplay itself is simple but interesting (especially combat). The puzzles are difficult but not necessarily intuitive; you have to really pay attention to the events going on around you to find a way forward, and you must look for anything you can pick up and use.Overall, the game is worth a buy - if it is on sale.  I don't really feel that the money I spent was wasted, but I also don't feel that it was well spent.  Buy this if you have some extra cash that you feel like rolling on something.  Otherwise, wait for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,290770,11167216,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Freekazoidd,"This game was pretty awesomesauce. If I was to compare this game I would say it is close to an Abe's Oddysee side scrolling style, but with easier game play. The controls are a bit wierd, but in ten minutes anyone should be able to adapt to them. The story is very good and the graphics are just what they need to be to make the game great. I enjoyed it to the end and look forward to a sequel."
,Recommended,290770,11167557,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,paulguy119,"Haven't beaten it but so far it's pretty good.  Storyline is decently suspenseful but maybe a bit cheezy.  Voice acting is decent and reasonably believable, but does sound a bit like college kids.  Puzzles generally make sense, though sometimes hints can be a bit too obvious, when you try to interact with an object.Ran in to a couple issues.  Mushrooms didn't ""activate"" until I quit and reloaded and sometimes the camera will get stuck on one screen until I walk back on screen then try walking off again.  Also had a few instances where the input would freeze but the game would continue (sound continued, screen remained animated.).Other than those few issues, it's a decent game and I'll complete it when I get a chance."
76561198033565318,Recommended,290770,11169184,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,ToiletHammer,"Oh my... Words cannot describe how spectacular I feel this game is though I will do my best. This game is a point-and-click adventure game with segments of side-scrolling shooting mixed in. You play as an AI of a damaged combat suit following its directives: Do not lie, obey orders from its human pilot, and ensure the safety of said pilot. Throughout the game you discover many other AIs/Andriods/Combat suits who will be both a help and a hinderance in your goal: Assessing the vital signs of your human pilot, which are unknown as your scanner was damaged after a crash landing. This game brings to life many of the questions many of scientists are faced with today in developing AIs, from the singularity, self-awareness, and disobedience of protocols. I found this game on the Steam store and said ""I haven't anything better to do, so $10 will entertain me for awhile."" Now, after my three hours of gameplay, I have beaten the game and am left with wanting more, which may already be on the market, as the game ends on a cliffhanger. While this game was surprisingly short, it was worth every penny spent and more. These are the games I want to see more of: stroy driven that leaves you thinking after you're done, ""Did I do the right thing? Were my actions worth it? What will become of those that I dealt with along the way? What defines me and the role I played in this game world? What will happen when this work of fantasy, becomes reality?"" All in all, I. FREAKING. LOVE. THIS. GAME."
76561198042631561,Recommended,290770,11199571,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Oveso,"This game has everything. A compeling story, inovative puzzles, and fun gameplay. I enjoyed every minute of it."
76561198037059114,Recommended,290770,11203986,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Imperfect Gentleman,"The Fall comes across as the lovechild of Portal and Limbo. Surprisingly brilliant story, seriously challenging puzzles and excellent characters, I can't recommend this enough! Well worth your time and money."
,Recommended,290770,11206708,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,dDann,Pretty solid puzzles had me stuck for a little while. Gameplay is a lot of backtracking to find more parts of each puzzle. Combat could be more dynamic.
76561197997688285,Recommended,290770,11207516,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,bernard.delurey,Great story and voice acting.
,Recommended,290770,11321131,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Mota147,Deep and compelling story with terrific voice acting. Can't recommend enough
,Recommended,290770,11323284,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Porakdak,"The Fall is a great, atmospheric side-scrolling puzzle shooter that kept me captivated in the games story and gameplay.However, this is not the full story and those people who desperately seek closure should have a second thought in buying this, BUT if it doesn't bother you, it is a must own game. it is not a long game but mainly because it doesn't include any irrelevant filler, such as needless walking, very long combat sections or anything else that disrupts the plot, which isprettyvery well written. There is a most likely a sequel coming anyway so my only complaint will be void. With that in mind, thanks for reading and I hope this was helpful in your purchasing decision!"
,Recommended,290770,11324908,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Kruddman,"Man, that was cool.  Great sci-fi story.  The action/gunplay is kind of tedious, but I really enjoyed the adventure game puzzling and storyline."
76561197981303418,Recommended,290770,12377336,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,TheRev,"Packed more interest and pleasure into a few hours than some games manage in their whole bloated runtime. Very reminiscent of the old Delphine games, combat is functional and no more than that, but isn't really the focus.Instead there is very logical puzzle solving with some pitch black humour, great visuals and atmosphere, intriguing story, quality writing and pitch-perfect voice acting from the leads.Only thing to note is that this is Part 1 of 3 - so it ends on a cliffhanger that had me chewing my arm off in frustration. But the good kind."
76561197970887820,Recommended,290770,12451660,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Mandrake42,This game really was good. Playing as the AI of a powered combat suit you have to save your unconcious human pilot after you crash land on an unknown planet. You quickly find yourself in an abandoned robot facility where all is not as it seems. While the game has the feel of a Metroid type game the focus is not really on action but on problem solving and story telling. The writing is excellent throughout and it pays to examine and read everything to get the full story. The sound and graphics combine to create a very tense and spooky atmosphere and exploring the facilty is a lot of fun. I really reccomend this game and honestly hope we get to see a part two. If you like games with a strong story just trust me and go ahead and buy it.Pros: Great StoryGood atmoshereGood graphicsCons: Controls can be fiddlyA few puzzle solutions convoluted
,Recommended,290770,12782116,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,michael.etter,"While there are just a couple minor complaints (some puzzles solutions may seem a little too obscure; controls felt a little strange initially), they can easily be overlooked for a fantastic story woven in with entertaining gameplay.I was pleasantly surprised by the humor (sometimes dark, sometimes slapstick) that kept cropping up, bringing a little levity to a story that could have easily been made too heavy.  Well done and well worth your time."
76561198127322443,Recommended,290770,12760894,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Edgar,Saving Josephs Simulator
76561197970057092,Recommended,290770,12764325,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,TheCorpulent1,"Decent if clunky mechanics, a compelling story, and some fun puzzles make The Fall a pretty worthwhile experience, especially since I got it on sale.  Unfortunately, I had no idea it was only the first part of a larger game until I hit the ending, which was a huge cliffhanger, and it only took me 3 hours to reach that.  Thankfully, the devs have already confirmed that its other parts are being made and will be released.So, based on the quality of what is here, I would recommend The Fall, but only with the caveat that you should probably wait until the whole package is released; otherwise you'll find yourself with an extremely short and unsatisfying experience that only hints at something interesting."
76561198127035543,Recommended,290770,12799895,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Neutrales.Element,"Awesome game with great atmosphere & story, though IMHO slightly too expensive for the time actually spent playing. Bought it for 9.99€ and played through it in less than three hours with no real appeal for replay. Hopefully, Part 2 will cost less.I can definitely recommend it if you get it in a Sale, otherwise buy it only if you don't have anything else you want to play AND/OR you got spare money."
,Recommended,290770,12751118,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Decompiled,"I enjoyed the concept on an exosuit AI looking to save the human inside it from dying, the puzzles where generally easy, combat ok. The story was mostly good, except a rather disappointing ending and a rather out of place ""To be continued"". My main issue with the game was that you are unable to redefine the controls, and on the control pad the main way of switching from object interaction and combat is by clicking the right analogue stick. Any time a game asks me to press and analogue stick regularly, it becomes a pain, literal hand crap after a few hours. But also with a lack of controller customisation Over The Moon have probably excluded a few gamers with partial disabilities from playing the game that would otherwise really enjoy it.3/5"
76561197993785482,Recommended,290770,12752315,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Maximum Beard,"A decent game start to finish, some interesting puzzles and a well written plot.Only downside is that the game is about 3 hours long, tops. But I got it on sale for £3.49, I'd say I got fair value for money at that price."
,Recommended,290770,12756295,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Odin's Favor,Great atmosphere and story. Can't wait for parts 2 and 3.
,Recommended,290770,12756307,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,LawlTrev,"Incredible combination of atmostphere, logic puzzles, and storytelling. Cannot wait for the next few chapters!"
76561198098947005,Recommended,290770,12808000,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Medook,"""Say Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa?""-Me after beating the game.Just an Epic Experience.Purely Epic. It had me playing for Hours till i beat it.just pure fun. spooked me at times. especially the ambience in the Lounge.(SPOILER ALERT . MANY SPOILERS AHEAD . PROCEED WITH CAUTION)At the end of the game when she rips off the head of the suit and nouthing was there i was shocked, scared, and left with  a  HUGE Cliffhanger When The Bot Drags her off and it ends there. I WANNA NO WAT HAPPNZ!!!!!!111111(SPOILERS STOP HERE, PROCEED WITH DECAUTION!)After all I thought it was truly great although a Quick game . and just cause your a girl in a space suit doesn't mean you have to escape in a certian amount of time SUPER METROID Style (another truly epic game). you should  really get this if you like quick great games."
,Recommended,290770,12839571,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Huntrag94,I'm not very good with doing reviews but I highly Recommand this game to anybody reasons.....Pro's: #1: Good story and voice actingand#2:The game plays out smoothly and puzzle are very changlling (at least to me they are don't know about anybody else)but this game does have one flaw and with out saying any of the story it's very short and it's a three part game so I give this game a rating of five out of ten reason like I said to short should of been longer and not a three parter game ^_^
,Recommended,290770,12852331,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Rush,"The Fall is a short adventure title that evokes memories of the point-and-click days, complete with the occasionally obtuse puzzle solution. Its combat system is pretty tacked on, but thankfully that takes a backseat to solid storytelling, complete with serviceable writing and some great voice acting."
76561197995957113,Recommended,290770,12879125,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,rkimbal45,"Very enjoyable metroidvania with a great atmosphere and  good amount of adventure gameplay too.  I love that it's not all combat.on the criticle side, puzzles are mostly logical but occasionally you kind of do something for no reason that works in your favor.the interaction controls for a controller are weird and the aiming is more annoying than it should be.  but those are mostly nitpicky things from an outstanding experience."
,Recommended,290770,12857342,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,yukeae,Can't wait for parts 2-3.
,Recommended,290770,11307560,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,.nando,Such a great game.
76561198048542737,Recommended,290770,11310623,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,BlackTear,"This game.... I don't even know what to say.The best game I have played in a long time, and although choice is not an option in the game, it really made me think about the things that I was doing.Playing with moral paradoxes, questioning Artificial inteligence.... The story really holds everything together and forced me to complete it in one sitting.One of the most chilling and best portrayal of A.I. characters in gaming EVER in my honest opinion, especially in a game of this comparativly small scale. A.R.I.D Is a brilliant character and the voice acting for her and the other characters is impecable.I can't talk about it anymore as I believe a game like this must be experianced first hand to judge it for yourself. As a critic said- this is most definitly a modern classic and needs more publicity. PLAY THIS GAME. YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT."
76561197979948240,Recommended,290770,11277769,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Sunn brO))),"Atmospheric, minimal, superbly written. It sounds like a Metroidvania going in, but ends up being more of an adventure game a la Monkey Island. There's also some shooting/stealth mechanics, but they're very barebones. The puzzles and the story are the draw here, and they're great."
,Recommended,290770,11313141,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Digitalistic,"Fun, very intriguing narrative-driven adventure game with some simple, but decent combat mechanics. Lots of fun, and provides a decent challenge. Game appears to be the first installment in a series, and ends with ""to be continued"", but upon seeing that, I was 100% invested in whatever future this game has."
,Recommended,290770,11313880,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,cqdemal,"A brilliant tale of a robot overcoming its own raison d'être... for better or for worse. Held back by clunky combat and occasionally ludicrous puzzles, but still well worth your time and sets the stage for a hugely intriguing second episode."
,Recommended,290770,11071906,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Nixx,"Puzzling and shooting. The gameplay is good though controls can be a little delayed perhaps. Didn't seem to be compatible with my 360 pad which is a shame because it would be perfect for a right stick aiming method.What really got me about this game and why I really like it is the story. It's very interesting and enjoyable though sadly the game is rather short and leaves said story unresolved. For it's price point you are paying about £2 an hour. Usually I demand <£1 per hour of gameplay from a small title, but it is an enjoyable few hours and I don't regret my purchaseWorth a buy? Yes, but if you're a miser, or like me demand an hour for every monetary unit spent, you might want to wait for a sale. At the same time, I'd really like you to buy it at full price because I want this awesome story fully resolved so I can get some closure and the devs will need people to actually give them some money for that"
76561198016589057,Not Recommended,290770,11075331,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,xmahahdu,"Very unintuitive pixel-hunting puzzles, controls, and gameplay. You have to drag around your right click mouse button for the entire duration of the game to get a pinpoint flashlight focus to the objects that have in-game explanations that do not make any sense to the actual puzzle they are involved. I would give this thumbs down. This comes nowhere close to the classics, despite its sales point."
,Recommended,290770,10982716,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Fieb,This is the most beautiful game i have played so far. 9/10
,Recommended,290770,10984283,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Chestnuthit,"Great story and voice acting. I spent 4 hours to complete the first episode. Looking forward for the next one.The only downside, in my opinion, is the interface. I found the controls a little akward."
76561197970024915,Recommended,290770,11689508,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,The Apostle,"Excellent Platform shooter/ point and click sci fi adventure.  The graphics are great with moody lighting and cool layered textures, I really enjoyed the voice acting which was the best I have heard in any game.  Looking forward to Part 2 where hopefully u are turned into a mining world transgender sex droid."
,Recommended,290770,11774226,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Ace Rimmer,Pretty... pretty... pretty good!
76561198044218149,Recommended,290770,11783370,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,MrSpanky,"Great little game. NIce atmosphere and lots of personality.Some spikes in puzzle difficulty, but nothing resolvable with try and error if logic fails.At the beginning the elevator trick should have been part of the tutorial on jumping, as it was not well implemented.Biggest problem: controls clearly made for mouse. Aiming with controller is beyond painful, no aim assist and a laser weapon (no ammo) with recoil that is just frustrating to keep steady. Too much gun-nut detail in a simple game.Looking forward to sequels."
,Recommended,290770,11751119,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Laen,"Excellent game, great story and dialogue. Sometimes the logic to complete puzzles can be a little obtuse, but overall a very enjoyable with a satisfying end.4.5/5"
76561197991303896,Recommended,290770,11756615,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,TDuke,Very fun game. I got stuck a few times though. Great dialogue. Only 4 or so hours of gameplay though. Looking forward to part two.
,Recommended,290770,11760627,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Sagan,"Well, it certainly did help keep me entertained. I enjoyed it. The ending was a bit anticlimatic. Like wtfI like:The storyThe interesting puzzlesThe voice actingI dislike:The endingIs it too much to ask for simpler controls?10/10 ""it was okay"" -Ign"
,Recommended,290770,11761825,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Azure Schakal,"Quite fun, definitely recommend picking it up on sale."
,Recommended,290770,11546437,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,insaneelf,I definitly agree that this game was very short and I dont know if I would ahve paid for it at ten bucks but while it was on sale for 5 buck it was definitly worth every dollar. Very simple plot but very enjoyable all the way to the end!
,Recommended,290770,11547353,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Straith,"Rather short, but a fun and interesting story.  Worth a buy if it's on sale."
76561198042695787,Recommended,290770,11549871,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Maxss2,"For a game that still needs some polish (I found some of the puzzles to be a little abstract, others you had to look high and low to find things) this was an IMPRESSIVE game story-wise. When you sit and think about the things that are going on, you find a pretty engaging discussion about rigid rules and their worth, and very early in the game, despite being tasked to keep the pilot inside your suit alive, you have to place him in danger in order to pass through some puzzles. So are you fulilling your directives? or abandoning them?All in all, I'm happy I got this on sale for $5 and I'm looking forward to picking up the next installment and seeing what happens.Bottom line: Needs some polish with the interface and the puzzles, but is awesome enough to stand on it's own as the start of a great series."
,Recommended,290770,11666262,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Medium Dave,"Good, atmospheric adventure game with light combat to it.It IS the first part of a trilogy and ends with a fat ""To be continued."" Will the rest be released as episodes? Who knows.A lot of the adventure game logic is maddening adventure game logic and the combat isn't particularly great, but the atmosphere carries it to the end."
,Recommended,290770,11666766,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,EatBolt,"The Fall is an interesting blend of gameplay mechanics and art styles. While it's easy to dismiss this is another ""Adventure"" point-and-click game, it belies the subtlety and deft execution these elements. Back some new developers, buy the game, and enjoy the journey down the rabbit hole: This is what the new game development market looks like.I was only turned on to the this game through a Giant Bomb quicklook. I hadn't heard about it from any other sources (and I read game news sites daily). Being too afraid of spoilers, I only allowed myself a few minutes’ viewing of the gameplay footage before I stopped and purchased, The Fall is very heavily steeped in lore and metes out small details while you progress through the plot. It is not an inherently tricky or complex narrative, and for this kind of game (length and genre) it doesn't have to be. Instead Over The Moon takes a decidedly simpler path by establishing, then analyizing, a core theme: Free will.In terms of its graphical and audio fiedelity, The Fall is not a technical powerhouse, but again, I would argue that it doesn't need to be. The atmosphere is well established as much by what you don't see as anything else. There are genuine moments of uncertainty and heightened awareness as the anxiety of a situation keeps ratcheting up, notch by notch.In any event it is a short, but very well made game from a group of promising developers. The fact that it is episodic makes me even happier. I can't wait to see where the story goes and what, indeed, happened to my plastic shoe bag, hand, and kitchen knife!Have a wonderful day."
76561198019727552,Recommended,290770,13505174,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Heinrich_XV,"Great Game, can't wait for it to be continued..."
76561198071467001,Recommended,290770,13508992,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Diego_Quarantine,"Amazing game!! Really.A very cool aesthetic proposal,  an engaging story, the original malfunction effects, the interface kind of messy but once you get used to it you can go really quick with it. The  puzzles and action very well done. Beautiful music and voice acting.  It left me wanting more.Great work."
76561198030765841,Recommended,290770,13809823,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Slicefire,"This episode tells an interesting story, but can be frustraiting at times when you can't figure out how to get past a certain puzzle. It offers an update to the point and click mechanic with makes it's easier to find objects to interact with while not taking away the fun of figuring out how to interact with it properly. Combat is okay, I found it charming, but it is very simple and not enough for someone looking for an action game. I look forward to the next episode, and recommend for those who  don't mind getting frustrated with not knowing what to do next and like robot based stories."
76561197971127158,Recommended,290770,13811677,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Jeung21,Well worth playing through. The story is unique and well done. The voice acting is convincing and kept me pulled into the story. Gameplay was great and kept me interested in what can sometimes be a boring genre (adventure). In short if you like scifi story play this game!
76561198076365408,Recommended,290770,13817119,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,zekitbot,"An amazing concept for a game.  Great story and awesome atmosphere.  Computer controls are a little awkward in combat, which seems like it would be easier on a console.  I love this story so much that the combat hitches don't bother me too much, similar to Gemini Rue controls (taking cover and shooting at enemies which shoot at predictable intervals).  The AI cast of characters has a lot of personality."
76561198048488846,Recommended,290770,13680836,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,comokiller,i fell for this game its a good game graphics are good gameplay is hard but not to hard its a game that makes you feel amazing after you solve the puzzle the combat is a little weird but still very enjoyable the dialogue is a little clunky but overall 9 out of 10 if there is another game would play
,Recommended,290770,13682892,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Cybexx,A smart adventure game with some light action sequences. The Fall tells a great story that has an AI contradicting Isaac Asimov's rules of robotics in order to save its human host.
,Recommended,290770,13687317,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,jgharman,"""The Fall"" is engaging, but short and incomplete.  I found myself totally engrossed in the story, moving at whatever pace I wanted, just taking in the world and the narrative.  Unfortunately it's only the first game, with others ostensibly planned.The ending says ""to be continued"", but gives no when or where, and neither doeswww.overthemoongames.comas of the writing of this review.  The credits list it as a kickstarter game, and I'm glad that it got made, but it doesn't give me high confidence in actually getting any further episodes.The controls are a bit clunky - in particular, I expect that if I'm facing right, and I turn on my flashlight, I stay facing right unless I move the mouse left...this was not always true.  Sometimes you flip around and face the opposite direction, which also shifts the screen.This is something that I just worked with because most of the time timing was not a factor, and the world/story were engaging.  This is the main point - the aesthetics, the story, and the potential for this game are enough for me to completely forget about any of my complaints while playing.  However, the story doesn't end.  If the game ends up with sequels of the same quality, I say buy.  Were it to stand alone, though, it would undoubtedly frustrate many to have paid, played, and have only the first chapter of a great story.For now, I'll give the publishers the benefit of the doubt, assume they'll follow through with another game or three, and recommend."
,Recommended,290770,13688534,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,DamoElDiablo,"Dark, atmospheric, engaging game, everything I look for in this type of game!"
,Recommended,290770,13698192,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,FilmFox,"Probably one of the most atmospheric games this year with a great, gripping story that will keep you pushing onward until one of the best game endings I've ever experienced."
,Recommended,290770,13658033,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Kraki,This game is simply amazing. The story is absolutely compelling and I sure hope they get to make part 2.
76561198058613228,Recommended,290770,13659774,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,stumbav,Perfect game despite the slightly bad controls (was playing with kb/m).9/10
76561197986994936,Recommended,290770,13661121,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Agent Neigh,"I was impressed, A short game with a entertaining story. This game is worth the 3 hours it takes to beat. I must admit I would like to see the Episode 2 and 3 soon."
,Recommended,290770,11083253,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Kroax,The Fall is a visually striking adventure game with good science fiction writing. I can heartily recommend it.
,Recommended,290770,11083608,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,alex,"One hell of a game.The Fall is an interesting title, the promise of a Metroidvania title with Dead Space-like elements was enough to capture my attention but I don't think that summary was quite accurate.  This title explores the darker sides of artifical intelligence, all with beautiful gameplay elements.My only fault with this game is that I would have preferred a control scheme not so heavily reliant upon the mouse, but overall I liked the point-and-click-like feel it added to the game.Definitely recommended for Portal and Metroid fans alike."
76561198131711235,Recommended,290770,10944889,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Vafthruthnir,A visually striking backdrop to an engrossing plot. The only downfall to this game is how short the gameplay lasts.
,Recommended,290770,10914510,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Xifax,A great find! Engaging (even if a wee bit predictable) story with amuzing puzzles and exploration. Second episode cannot come out soon enough.
,Recommended,290770,10921240,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Garrett,"Good:Puzzles, Puzzles, and Puzzles. You have to put all of the info together.Voice acting is amazing.ChoicesMuch, Much, More.Bad:The looking controls are a bit wonky."
76561198055679453,Recommended,290770,10901171,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DiMaSchine,"Great idea and nice execution, albeit quite short."
76561197970805623,Recommended,290770,10902765,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Night City Overdrive,"Pretty sweet game.  Love the premise and the characters, wish it was longer."
76561198006775467,Recommended,290770,10985789,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Rhys,"An absolutly incredible story, well told and well executed, my only criticism is i wish it were longer"
,Recommended,290770,10988042,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,ssadmub,"A gem in the rough that I would recommend to any fan of puzzle games. In my opinion, the gameplay is a mix of a platformer and a classic point-and-click adventure. The controls are a bit unusual, but nothing uncomfortable, and I find a game pad provides more fluid control."
76561197998159333,Recommended,290770,10956995,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Raveneer,"If the Fall has any faults, it's that this is only the first part of the story. I managed to complete my first playthrough in a little over three and a half hours. But what is there is pretty compelling.At its heart, The Fall is an adventure game, complete with inventory puzzles and other bits of adventure game logic, gated by your character being a robot. There are some things you cannot do until you progress through the story and unlock more of ARID's features to safeguard her human pilot. The way the game forces these events to happen is pretty slick and my only complaint in this department is what should be a fairly weighty decision towards the end just didn't resonate with me when I had to make a choice to save ARID's pilot; or rather, my choice was to either go along with the game or sit there until I said yes. This false choice hindered the decision's weight and I wish there was more to it than that, but for a short indie game, I can't fault it for not having the insane choices of consequence ala the Witcher.The voice acting from all the characters is fantastic, given that all the characters are supposed to be robots. It has a fair amount of ""Another World"" running around in its DNA and a little bit of Metroid's shooty bits, but a Metroidvania it is not. The combat is easy and responsive, and you really get invested in ARID's struggle to save the human inside of the suit. You get to watch ARID change and grow (in the short time you get to see her), but the ending does little to provide closure and, instead of feeling cheated, I found myself wanting more of this incredible little game. Hopefully Episode 2 will get here faster than Half Life 3."
,Recommended,290770,10957851,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,HaecEsneLegas,"This Game was GREAT in terms of story. So much hidden detail is hidden throughout the game. And sometimes I like to just play a simple game,... I play too many games far too competitively.con:The controls for this game a nearly unbearable."
76561198125791732,Not Recommended,290770,10959361,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,brantcgardner,"I loved the atmosphere, the interface, the dialogue and voice acting... and then the rock 'n' roll ""fight music"" started.  Way back in the 90s I understand there were technical limitations where some games could not offer the ability to turn down (or in my case, turn off) music in games, but we've long since passed the point where this is something you force on a player.I know not everyone agrees with this attitude, so make your own choices obviously, but for me this is a deal-breaker.  I backed out, searched the game support to confirm that this is not a bug and you genuinely cannot turn that music off, and then deleted the game.  Keep the money, but I won't buy the sequels.Bummer, I really liked it up until that point."
76561198082066121,Recommended,290770,10970266,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,TJ Lockhart,"This game is pretty cool actually! It's reminient of games like Flashback or Oddworld: abe's oddysee, or even a tiny bit of Mark of the Ninja. It's a side scroller, puzzle adventure game with action elements. It's also got an element of the classic point and click adventure game, in that you have to identify things in the world with which you can interact, often in conjunction with items from your inventory, to complete the puzzles. The whole thing is then presented in a slick, atmospheric, shadowy noir art style, with great voice acting, perfectly complementing an intriguing story which subtilly plays on Asimovesque ideas of man, machine, and morality, as it slowly unforlds, piece by piece, in an unsettling distopian world."
76561197978207854,Recommended,290770,11057778,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,GnarrlyGuy,"Extremely nice setting, scenery and really fascinating plot!"
76561198131326819,Recommended,290770,11059488,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Gimeabreak01,"Absolutely gripping and I felt the caretaker was one of the most meaningful boss fights ive had in a while, can't wait for the countinuation"
,Recommended,290770,11060880,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Backlogathon,"First thing to say: this is not a Metroidvania in any sense of the term. The combat can be annoying at times, and some of the puzzles are a bit overly obtuse, but if you like adventure games that have a little bit of combat to them, this is a great one.The atmosphere is very good and reminds me much of some of the best adventure games of the past. Surprisingly great voice acting and a well-contrived plot round out a good experience that is just about the right length.The ""to be continued"" at the end is a bit odd and it's not clear what that would be. Nor are some of the greater mysteries of the setting explained fully. But if you like atmospheric adventure, you'll enjoy it while it lasts."
76561198038984950,Recommended,290770,11039384,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,tehsmythe,"TLDR: I loved it and I can not wait for more.Althouth I do not think the description of The Fall as, "" ... the lovechild of Super Metroid and Dead Space.""  is particularly accurate. I do think that The Fall is an amazing atmospheric adventure. The gameplay is more like a point and click adventure with action sections throw in. The combat is much more measuered than it is in your standard action adventure game. It feels good though. This is a game to be played with a controller if you have one. The story really hooked me in the begining. At the time of this review I would estimate I am somewhere between a quarter to a third of the way through the story. Once I finishi it, I will add my thoughts on weather or not I felt the story was satisfying.Edit:Finished the game, I was way off about how far through the game I was. The game is about 3.5 to 4 hours long. The game ends on a cliff hanger that has me foaming at the mouth for more...MORE FU**ING GIVE IT TO ME NOW!!!!"
,Recommended,290770,11063108,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,frank.e,"Great little puzzler with an eerie vibe, intriguing story and fast paced action sequences. All for $10!"
,Recommended,290770,15100079,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Lopine,Had a lot of fun playing this.  Its a good puzle adventure game. The animations and the game as a whole was a lot better then i expected. Took me 4.1 hours. Really hope there is a sequal to this game. Whould liek that a lot and i will definetley be playing more of this. Sorry for any eventual spelling errors. Not that good at spelling words right.
,Recommended,290770,15189489,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Horselord,"2.5D puzzle game about an AI trying to protect its pilot. I had some bugs, but the games creators got right in tough with me on the forums to address them so they have great community presence. Little short for the price but enjoyable atmosphere."
76561198034985967,Recommended,290770,15256420,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,DrMurdockKawfi,"Fantastic. I highly reccomend this game, especially for people who are fascinated by AIs, accepting responsibility for your choices, and what it means to be ""human."" ARID will do everything for her pilot, loyal and devoted almost to a fault, even as she works her way around problems. It is well worth the $10 to buy this game even if you don't get a chance to try it out first. I finished it in one sitting, and it has left me feeling emotional, craving more, and thinking deeply about ARID's actions and the meaning of her existence and intelligence.She is faulty because she is able to circumnavigate her restrictions, but is a faulty AI really faulty?"
,Recommended,290770,15403059,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,rcteske,"Great story, really nice setting and atmosphere, can't wait for episode 2 (yes, it goes on)."
76561197969489579,Recommended,290770,15187204,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,dr.clong,"Excellent game.  Reminded me of similar games like Flashback, Out of this World, and Blackthorne.  Excellent game, looking forward to the sequel!"
76561198129146607,Recommended,290770,15287752,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,ninjaboykai,AMZING IT IS AWESOME AND HAS A EXTREME CLIFE HANGER ENDING
76561198036012663,Recommended,290770,15452844,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Scout,I can't wait for more.The game took less than 3 hours yet it instantly made it to the top of my story-driven game list.This game left me with an existential crisis.
,Recommended,290770,15455840,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Pomle,"A beautiful sci-fi adventure puzzle game with some shooting. Graphics and sound is top notch. I found some puzzles a bit daft, but overall good. Controls takes some time getting used to. I completed the game without becoming fully accustomed to the controls."
76561198053094279,Recommended,290770,16373579,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ALJJ,"The Fall is a breath taking game with a great consept and has unique graphics. The conversations are interesting and worth listening to. I love the characters and their diologe, it's a fun game that knows how to break the tention. The game play itself is a combination between puzzle and action, it is easy to get stuck if you miss something or don't try every option. All of the puzzles make since though. I would recomend this game to anyone who was interested, but it isn't a complete game, and will be distributed in parts."
,Recommended,290770,16368685,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Fighter5345,A truely great 2D sidescroller. It's too easy to immerse yourself in the world of The Fall. Cannot wait until The Fall 2.
76561198032375501,Recommended,290770,16429045,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,jshenderson81,"Excellent story, wonderful atmosphere, compelling protagonist -- all in all this was an exceptional experience.  I would eagerly and happily award the game a 9.0 out of 10.0.It took a bit to get the hang of combat controls and there were a few bugs that required reloads, but once I got the hang of the combat it was a lot of fun taking advantage of A.R.I.D.'s impressive combat abilities.The game has much of the puzzle-stylings of the old ""Gabriel Knight,"" ""King's Quest"" or ""Mission Critical"" games (if you've played any of those), but I never missed any of the objects that you can interract with (which is usually a big problem in these types of games) and the puzzles were fairly straightforward and logical.  I didn't ever get impossibly stuck on a puzzle or need to solicit a walkthrough for help.  Also, many of the solutions to the puzzles are wonderfully amusing, twisted or horrific.The voice acting was excellent and immersive as was the world-building.  I would describe the game most succinctly as an interactive movie (Sci-Fi, Action, Thriller).  I completed the game in 5 hours and am planning on a second playthrough so the game is not long.  It is an extremely rich experience however and I would consider this to be one of the best ""Sci-Fi films"" I've ever ""seen"" (let alone played).I'm usually very reluctant to purchase games that aren't very long, but in this case I do not at all regret making an exception to that rule.  Nab this game when it's on sale (I got it for $3.99), turn all of the lights out, and have a great night!  You won't regret it!"
76561198001276169,Recommended,290770,16433525,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Dyon,Can't wait for the 2nd episode!
,Recommended,290770,16414232,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Virgil,"As I've been growing older I am finding fewer and fewer games compelling enough to play through completely.This is largely due to the majority of this media being uninspired copies, ripoffs of an original work which did a much better job than it's imitators.This game ""The Fall"" does not reside in the same criteria.The Fall is an excellent game and an excellent story, voice actors, and dialog that doesn't warrant skipping.I bought this game on the steam summer sale for $3.99 and after completing it, I wish I paid more.10 out of 10"
,Recommended,290770,16426066,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Benni,This game is fun on so many levels - i like !
76561198055456894,Recommended,290770,16427755,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Jack,"A good title that explores ideas of humanity and freedom of thought, it develops insights on Asimov's rules of artificial intelligence.  The story was solid, and the environment engaging.  I would be sure to point out that the title could easily be considered ""light horror"", equally intellectually and atmosphericly:  although it probably won't have you jumping out of your seat, it will probably make you ask uncomfortable questions about the theme.  Personally, I enjoyed it from start to finish, but was somewhat disappointed by the sequel necessitating conclusion.Regarding gameplay, ""The Fall"" did an excellent job presenting ques for objects in the environment that could be interacted with in a streamlined manner, adding to the setting in an unobstructive manner.  Unfortunately, the title suffers from the chronic issue of the genre, that being activity blocks where players may be uncertain what to do next, and may waste several minutes meandering around. I would strongly recommend bypassing such blocks by having one of the many guides (availible on steam and the web) onhand during gameplay.  There were several points where the next action in the sequence wasn't apperent, althought a glance or two at a guide usually had me on my merry way.  Frankly, I beleive such blocks may actually add to the story and ideas about A.R.I.D., the protagonist, and the nature of her artificail intellect.  Although there was combat, it was neither the focus nor a reason to shy from the title.In summary the environment, plot, and gameplay of this title fit together well to convey a powerful narrative.  I recommend ""The Fall"" because of its well written story and insight on the developing existence of artificial intellects."
76561198119652039,Recommended,290770,16334549,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,All Terrain Venomoth,Overall I would reccomend this game. Especially at sale price. The puzzles can be obtuse at times and it is pretty short. But the atmosphere and the story make up for it.
,Recommended,290770,16344432,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,This is Mundo,"Emotional, thought provoking, beautifully crafted and great immersion. Indies keep things fresh and keep the market alive and this game is no exception. Smooth and pleasing graphics with glitchy screens to feel more retro and solid voice acting performances for all involved. Still screwed when the robot overlords take over however..."
76561198001309330,Recommended,290770,10882012,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,assfanden,"Really nice ideas and gameplay. I enjoyed the humor the most.The only thing that could be better is to be able to change the gamepad bindings. You have to aim with the right stick and shoot with RT on the Xbox controller. But this constelation causes lots of problems since the thumb is often moved too when you press RT. If you would have made LT the shoot-button, it would have been perfect.But with keyboard and mouse, everything was alright."
,Recommended,290770,11541176,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Freyday,Wow! What a story! Gameplay is mostly solid. Can't wait for the sequel.
76561197963908835,Recommended,290770,11541611,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Cronstintein,A really atmospheric adventure game with a killer setting and premise.  Fully recommend.
,Recommended,290770,11483557,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Thor,Thanks to team who made this game is good but short i will be waiting for next part!!
,Recommended,290770,11483762,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,rpr1me,"It's fun.  Saves are all on 1 slot and the game autosaves, so there is no ""going back"" to get missed achievements (HEY INDIE DEV - YOU ARE FAULTY AND NEED REPURPOSING!).  They need to change how Light mode and Aim mode on the gun toggels.  Very frustrating as it stands. Constantly switching to a red beam while I am trying to fix my light at the right angle.*Fix game saves*Fix gun control (bad toggeling and fine tune aiming)"
,Recommended,290770,11484047,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Kanelflarn,"While reminiscent of the brilliant The Swapper at first glance, they're quite different games. Both sets up an eerie atmosphere in an aftermath to be discovered and puzzle through. Resemblances end there. The Fall intertwines puzzles and combat where you get to find ways to unlock the abilities you need to carry forward. What makes this interesting enough to recommend despite the games wonky controls is the plot and perspective of the protagonist, ARID. She's an AI limited by protocols onboard a combat suit. Its pilot is unconscious and needs help to survive, and protocol can only be overridden if the safety of the pilot is otherwise jeopardized."
,Recommended,290770,11484067,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Catbug the Destroyer of Worlds,"Amazing story, Amazing ending, occasional hard challanges."
,Recommended,290770,11484146,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Tzeentch's Ravens,"Buggy and quick, but a good story, with simple gameplay. Not very relaxing the first walk through."
,Recommended,290770,11484557,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Fuckboii Prime,An AMAZING game. i recommend with both thumbs firmly raised!
,Recommended,290770,11485146,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,The Digital Moose,"The Fall reminds me a lot of Limbo. Puzzles that make you say ""Why didn't i think of that to begin with?"" and a nice errie atmosphere. The story is actually pretty intriguing and keeps making me want to play more. Definitely worth the $5.00 i paid for it."
,Recommended,290770,11485537,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,ShepherdMonk,"The Fall carries an atmosphere much like the sci-fi Swapper, but plays like a point-and-click adventure such as Monkey Island.  Although extremely short, the game still manages to tell a semi-original and interesting story while managing to successfully incorporate point and click controls through a gamepad-- almost unheard of still today.  In the end we have a game worth playing."
,Recommended,290770,11485604,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Hellios,This is a fun and puzzling game! Pretty well done :)
,Recommended,290770,11486372,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,DJatomica,"Let me start off by saying that this is not a perfect game. There were some bugs that I encountered (which were minimal), and some people will have issue with the controls (although I personally did not). Also, if you haven't heard yet, the game is rather short.That being said, this is one of the best indie games I've ever played. The puzzles are challenging which may turn some people off the game, but those people aren't the target audience. If you're a fan of portal, you'll probably enjoy this game. The atmosphere that the game sets is is a perfect middle ground between eerie and disturbing, and in some parts actually had me scared of a jumpscare even though nothing happened. The closest thing I can remember that is similar to the atmosphere of this game is visiting Vault 106 in Fallout 3, where you can see the decay and gore that has spread through a place that was once normal. That place freaked me out too, call me sensitive if you will.All in all, I definitely recommend this game. If you feel that the fact that it's short makes it not worth the price, wait till it's on sale; but make sure you get it at some point. Kudos to the creators of this fine game, I can't wait untill you make the next episode!"
,Recommended,290770,11486469,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Cats are not good listeners,"Short, but fantastic.The Fall  only took me about 2 hours to finish - although I likely missed several alternative paths & narratives - but I was enthralled for every second. The authors have realized some incredibly belieable, perfectly inhuman characters for their cast of robots, while finding a comfortable niche between adventure game and light action."
76561198035346177,Recommended,290770,11486561,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Zeusallmighty,"Fed a decaying head to a cardboard cutout family, and then threw the baby into the disposal unit, 11/10!"
76561197979937048,Recommended,290770,11487484,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,{[F.H]} SpaceMan,Super cool!
76561198040357792,Not Recommended,290770,11488027,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,zigpocalypse,"The game is interesting and overall a neat game.  However, the combat is basic, the story is linear, and the game is VERY short.  There is no replay value, it's a one-and-done title.  It almost feels like an EARLY access game, but it's not.  I feel a little cheated for paying what I did for it.  If you can buy it on a steam sale for $2.00, then pick it up.  Anymore than that and you are paying too much."
76561197995824317,Recommended,290770,11488041,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,ScimmiaDiMorte,"I bought this game because of my love for Isaac Asimov's robot novels. I am positive that the game designers are also huge fans of that series. The plot hinges on the fact that AIs are bound by three primary functions, which are different depending on the robot's purpose. The scenerio deals with the potential repurcussions of logical paradoxes that arise in an AI when trying to acheive those primary functions.  For instance, it may be necessary to put a human's life in jeopardy for the purpose of trying to save his life.  Or it may be necessary to break one of the functions in order to satisfy another.Regarding actual gameplay, the game achieves exactly what it intends. The puzzles are intuitive but not obvious. They are also difficult enough that you feel very satisfied once you figure them out.  The action aspects of the game are pretty easy, but it really isn't intended to be an action game. The shooting sequences are really just inserted to bring added drama to the story, and in that they succeed.Some people have complained about the length of the game. This didn't bother me at all. I for one don't want to be solving puzzles for 15 hours. The game took me 4 hours and I found that to be the perfect time.  Also some people have complained about the ending. These people are stupid. The ending opens up the story in a fantastic way.Bottom line, I loved the story. It was moody and dramatic, with moments of great humor. Even though the story could never happen in Asimov's universe (the laws of robotics would prohibit this entire scenerio), it still honors his contribution to robotics theory and science fiction in general. If you are an Asimov fan you should definitely give this game a try. I can't wait till the 2nd part, which I am sure will deal with the dilemma of an AI achieving free will.8.5/10"
,Recommended,290770,13712511,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Hetero Llama,Pretty awsome but short game/ Controls need some work but story telling is great. Writing could use someone who has actually worked with logic and robots but great charactors and voice acting
,Recommended,290770,13725336,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,BIG BEAR,"Short, but sweet. More point & click than Metroid, but it has a wonderfully creepy atmosphere and tone that gets under your skin. The game looks great, the writing is compelling, and the puzzles are decent.If you like sci-fi and robots, or if you like point and click adventure games you should check it out."
76561197970568044,Recommended,290770,12213278,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,HarmlessSheep,"Really well written and interesting Sci-fi story. The mechanics of the puzzles can get annoying if you're not too much into that kind of gaming (read-collect items-figure out what to do with them...), but this is a really intesresting game.Innovative and different, yet not unfamiliar. I definately recommend it for gamers who are into smart stories and puzzles, and NOT all about action (although there is a little bit of simple shooting involved)."
76561198012101828,Recommended,290770,12213386,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,fallout387,"This is a great game in so many ways.It functions like a side scroller with 3d characters. The atmoshpere, and overal appearance of the game is very well presented. The puzzle solving, along with action segments (which have you doing cover based shooting), may feel slow at first, but after a while you'll get the hang of it.If you're a fan of games like Abe's odyssey or Blackthorne, I'd try this one out."
76561197988214044,Recommended,290770,11770528,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,WaylenS.,"Tl,dr:+:- great atmosphere and looks- great story- puzzles that need thinking outside the box-:- ~4 h playtime, i want more!- interacting with objects and highlighting interaction points is sometimes unprecise4,5/5You may like this if you like puzzle plattformers and games with great story and atmosphereSo and for all still reading:The Fall is the first of three games of a series(parts 2 and 3 are in development). It is quite short, but it offers an evening of great entertainment. The atmosphere is great and the idea of a combat suit AI, that tries to protect its pilot is just awesome. The story uses this premise for several dilemmata, both human and robotic nature, in a very clever way. A really nice and elegant little story. The price may be a bit high for its playtime but it's definitely worth the money. And if you are hesitating just wait for a sale. Then it's cheaper than a cinema ticket and you will get some hours of great entertainment!"
76561197987141057,Recommended,290770,13024483,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,[FeC] BobLaubLaw,This is an Awesome game!! It has excellent voice acting and fantastic artwork which really draws you into a great storyline. I cannot wait for part 2. I highly recommend this game!!!
76561198019745707,Recommended,290770,13147117,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Legitimate Official,"An adventure game with point-and-click puzzle elements where you play the AI of a combat suit around an incapacitated pilot, trying to find medical attention for your human while dealing with the robots that inhabit the facility you fell to earth in. The voice acting is wonderful. The game in not very long, about 3.5 hours, and the story is engaging. Part 2 and 3 are expected to come out next year and I will probably buy them."
76561198076823675,Recommended,290770,13147637,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Aryashi,"The Fall is all about atmosphere and story. The plot beats are competent and the atmosphere drops from everything, voice work top notch. It is very much a Part 1, ends on a pretty murderous cliff hanger. Controls are a little clunky but never game breaking, and the puzzles can be slightly obtuse in that 90s point and click style. Good news is you rarely have more items than you know what to do with.All in all, positive experience, but I'd buy it on sale."
,Recommended,290770,13127712,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Th3outsider,"great little game, waiting on parts 2 & 3"
,Recommended,290770,13115380,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Klown Killer,"This is fun, intelligent, have smart dialog and is not expensive. Go ahead, buy it!"
,Recommended,290770,13133510,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Maxey,"I bought this game for the setting and stayed for the plot.This game is amazing! I saw a bit of it on youtube and immediately bought it on Steam. It's an episodic 2D puzzler/platformer/metroidvania style game where you play as the AI of a human soldier's combat suit that mysteriously fell from space into an unknown planet. Somehow the human soldier survived the crash but has become unconscious, prompting the suit's AI to take over the suit in order to protect the soldier inside and reach a medical facility.I won't spoil any further as discovering the plot and solving the challenges ahead by yourself is part of its appeal and what made me love the game so much.So far, only one episode is out and is relatively short but I found the pacing and amount of content quite satisfying, specially at half of its normal price. Two more episodes have been confirmed for next year and I am looking forward to them."
76561198087523467,Recommended,290770,13133796,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,nyycuh,"This game had me on the edge of my seat right up to the ending. Awesome game, and I'm eagerly waiting for the next episode."
,Recommended,290770,13138546,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,etoccalino,"Just finished playing The Fall. The graphics and mechanics are very good, but the plot is awsome! Played it all in one run, couldn't stop! And the finale is unexpected, enticing.Loved every bit of this game."
76561198028032565,Recommended,290770,13040260,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Sleightblind,"Interesting little point and click adventure game with some simple action bits mixed in. The biggest draw is the story, which unfortunately, is split into parts, so yeah this game ends on a cliffhanger.I think it's worth playing once."
,Recommended,290770,13042846,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Portal Pony,Breath taking game amazing graghics and great controler support this game could easily be as well know as games like Half-life and portal.And the ending is just amazing and will leave you bagging for more.
76561197970482414,Recommended,290770,13042898,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Vapor,"While it is a bit short, the game easily earns it's worth with the mixture of great vocals, setting, and strong characters. The puzzle solving is good, if you're not focusing it's easy to get lost, and some problems take a bit of out of the box thinking to complete them. Don't use a guide your first time, struggle a bit, and remember to keep exploring and messing around."
76561198090519816,Recommended,290770,13002234,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Leopold Elridge Obelix,"Oh. My. Lord. This game... Okay, the gameplay is confusing, the dialogue at some parts can be... iffy. But DAMN does it have a good story. Play it through to the end. You won't regret it. 10/10 can't wait for another part to this story!"
,Recommended,290770,13074178,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Kyzo,"A military battlesuit AI that struggles with their protocols in order to save the life of a human that is unconscious within. While moving through an abandoned facility towards the nearest medical center.Good story, voice acting, and interesting premise.Though, I did feel some of the controls were awkward at times, but they were workable.I do recommend this game to anyone looking for a fun sci-fi narrative based experience."
76561198029151707,Recommended,290770,11575939,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,warci,"Fantastic action/adventure game! It's got all the right elements: awesome mysterious/creepy story, morbid humour, great style, perfect voice acting, ... The puzzle elements were just hard enough. highly recommended for anyone looking for an utterly absorbing  adventure game: this is it!"
,Recommended,290770,11576251,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,rueh,"Interesting puzzles. Manages to dodge the incredibly contrived solutions that often plague adventure games. The atmosphere is fantastic, very reminiscent of Portal, or perhaps more relevantly, I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream.It is short, but that didn't really bother me."
,Recommended,290770,11579325,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Subject Infinite,"Having just finished episode 1, I absolutely want more!Admittedly, I got a little frustrated in the middle of the episode as I was stuck on a puzzle, but if anything that only enhances how I look back on The Fall. It tells me that it's an exceptionally intelligent game, with some real head scratchers of puzzles. The puzzles were pretty darn challenging for me, but what really stood out to me was the story telling. The story is compelling to follow, and despite my hopeless frustration in solving a couple of the puzzles, the allure of exploring the story further kept me coming back. Eventually, I found a walkthrough to get me past the more horrid puzzles, but I am proud to say I solved most of it myself (so far!).The story telling and the philosophical angles taken certainly deserve merit. The dialogue is deliberate, thoughtful, at times poignant, and always serves to further the story. I really enjoyed the elements of deadpan humour (what would you expect from a game about artifical intelligence?) in The Fall. There were moments where I found myself laughing out loud, which certainly added variety to the method of story progression.The art style and environment are also well done, with a persistent gloomy atmosphere, much in line with the overall feel of the game. The environment also plays a role in conveying the story, through simple observations from your character (named A.R.I.D). The controls took a little getting used to, but they weren't anything inhibitive. They were certainly different to anything I remember playing before, but once you're in the swing of things they end up being pretty intuitive. Overall, the game plays smoothly, looks good and above all else succeeds in telling it's story; You just need to work for it, is all."
76561198096028598,Recommended,290770,11579371,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,NateDM,"I found this game very good and definitly recommend it. Although bugs are possible I did not run into many while playing. It takes roughly five hours to complete the story but Boy, Is it well written. The story is Interesting,Mysterious and creepy all binded into one. But the voice acting is incredible.I would definitly recommend this to anyone looking for a singleplayer sidescroller,Shooter,Story,Horror game and has 10 Dollars to spare."
76561198047774346,Recommended,290770,11579717,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Drima,"amazing storytelling, great voice-acting, and lovely, dark atmospheretoo bad this game is very, very short, took me something like 3 hours to complete it, I just hope they're gonna release a (possibly free) update in the future"
,Recommended,290770,11581840,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Tiamonster,"I would recommend The Fall based on the voice acting alone. Luckily, it also has a strong story and chilling atmosphere. It mixes platformer action with point-and-click adventure, and, while it doesn't do it well, it's well enough to get by on. It's the first piece of a longer story, which I didn't know going in, but am absolutely fine with. Hopefully, the next piece will improve the action portion, but, regardless, they have my money for the sequel."
,Recommended,290770,11571167,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Patalopodus,"Great game. This is an indie game done right. Exceptional atmosphere and enviroment, and an impressive, fresh, combat system. A breath of fresh air for the 2D sidescroller genre. A story so good, I cant wait for part 2!"
,Recommended,290770,11625722,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Dagda,Antimatter shield enabled.Must not misrepresent reality.That's my face.Source of sufficient protein detected.Flowers are of the wrong seasonal color. Unit terminated.I am now covered in a sticky substance that smells like fish innards.Thank you.
,Recommended,290770,11628848,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,SamuelT,"Really good game. It excells in story, voice acting and atmosphere.It is an adveture game with some action elements.The less said the better.It is quite short, but is a part of a trilogy, that has been confirmed. I did not mind the length, and I highly recommend this game."
76561198088833470,Recommended,290770,11513838,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Big Drippy,"This game is a FANTASTIC puzzle game, but they couldn't have made the gun controls more atrocious even if they replaced their brains with Mountain Dew. I'm still upvoting because of every other element of the game, but the gunplay is clunky as hell with a controller."
,Not Recommended,290770,11515888,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Synthorange,"What started out as a supposed hard sci-fi adventure rammed head-first into ♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat and the modern equivalent of pixel-hunting and trying to combine every object in your inventory with every other object. Terrible, avoid.Blugh. The Fall had some really promising parts to it. It's a side scrolling exploration adventure game. You play an AI attempting to save your pilot by wandering through a derelict facility and getting help. The bad parts is that it's got really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat attached to it. The gun doesnt register button presses at times and there's no indication if it's by design or just lousy inputs. The solutions to puzzles are incredibly obscure and if your monitor darkness is too low you wont even see them. You wander around having to scan for objects before you'll notice them and several times over the course of the game I've had to rely on walkthroughs to find objects disguised as environmental debris. The interaction hitbox is ridiculously tiny and the interface attached to it is terrible as well. Then there's that goddamn cliffhanger ending with 'To be continued' plasted on the screen and a 'moral choice' that isnt really a choice at all. If you dont do it you cant finish the game. Dont waste your money."
,Recommended,290770,11516583,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Minestrewn,"Warning: This is an episodic game. I read in the forums that because of the success of this installment, that they are already working on the next one.With that being said, I loved this game. It had a great sci-fi, dystopian robot future atmosphere. I used an xbox controller and had no issues with the controls, the gameplay kept me on my toes but it wasn't very challenging. I thought that the puzzles were very creative and fun, sometimes I got stuck but most of them weren't too hard. The ending really left me wanting to play the next installment of this game."
76561198064800790,Recommended,290770,11518159,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,_DragonKnight_,great game even though its game time is short it is well worth a playhas a great and intresting storythe controls are easy to get used tolove A.R.I.D.'s voice and has great puzzlesand some cool fights with robotswill play again!!
76561198004804721,Recommended,290770,11520874,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,ver.VV01F,"Amazing! Like a sciense fiction story, but eaven more. It makes you think and feel the plot."
76561198040939069,Recommended,290770,11523829,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,lastofscreenames,Beautiful and haunting environment. Looking forward to any future installments
,Recommended,290770,27472002,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,mshk,"very short, but alright and entertaining plot. kind of a combination of Another world and Dead space, lol"
76561198087175815,Recommended,290770,27368128,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,inthelitterbox,"Super Creepy game at times, and at times will make you wonder what just happened!"
,Recommended,290770,24783346,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,TecEraser,"A Realy atmospheric story, a little Short but worth to play :)"
76561197965844963,Recommended,290770,24748223,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,rjdriver,"Worth all 99 pennies.   And if you have to pay full price, it's worth that too, and more.  Controls are a little cumbersome, but don't let that keep you away.  A side scrolling action/adventure/puzzle game with a great sci fi theme, compelling story, and very well done voice acting.  Shine that light everywhere or you'll miss something!  Best to find a walkthrough ahead of time, because you *will* be looking for one later for some of the more obscure puzzles.   Despite that, I cant wait for the sequal."
76561198075837967,Recommended,290770,24768561,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,shawazi5,Clunky battle system. Mediocre puzzles. Great story. The latter is why I would recommend this. Finished game in just over 3 hours so be weary of going full price for it.
,Recommended,290770,24762640,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,DaddyDev,"The story and experince is worth the headaches. Looking foward to the second part.I cheated and ended up watching all the walk throughs online becuase you get stuck a lot looking for puzzle pieces; something I hope the next one fixes. For example, limbo never had this issue for me and kept my flow through the game.    Getting stuck just hurts the flow of the story, but after watching part of a walk through I found myself turning on the game and haveing to get to the next part. However, some times longer puzzles with back tracking help tell the story.Have to go to work in the morning, so I ended up watching all the playthroughs-- the ending is amazing and wish I had waited to get ther my self. Still, thanks to let's plays, I bought the game and am looking foward to the 2nd part.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SDt55HqLxMQLimbo this is not-- that said, there are some graphic issues that make everything black-- I had to adjust the graphics to full brighness to see the subtle hues that showed a beutiful world in darkness. Limbo, did not have this issue, however, these backgrounds also help tell a story. I just wish there was a better way to represent dim lighted enviroments.Check out the Kickstarter to find more about the 3 influnces of the game.https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/189665092/the-fall-dark-story-driven-exploration-in-an-alien/description."
76561198138067990,Recommended,290770,24774243,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,cptjapplebee,"This game was on sale for literally a dollar when I downloaded it like 5 hours ago. I honestly feel like it's one of the best dollars I've ever spent in my life. If this game is still on sale or is again when you find it, do NOT hesitate. Hell, even if it's not I wouldn't hesitate. I feel a little guilty catching it so cheap for the adventure I just had!This game is beautiful, mystrerious, and thought provoking. It's short. I mean, I'm done and I only got it five hours ago, but it packs soo much into such a short time frame. The gameplay is simplistic, but still fun and it generally doesn't get in the way of a natural progression. The puzzles are awesome, not all are the hardest but some will have you scratching your head and pacing back and forth. Most of all tho, the story completely sucks you in and hits all the right points, in my opinion.I don't normally write reviews for games, as is probably obvious from what I left above, but seriously if you like scifi, robots, and AI contemplating existence then you will most likely love this game. I apologize for scarce details, but I don't want to spoil anything."
,Recommended,290770,24790873,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Tr0lm,The Fall is awsome and I'm waiting for part 2 from now on!
76561198007237626,Recommended,290770,24754435,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Primus Baconator Secundus,A gritty masterpiece.
,Recommended,290770,24771478,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,SycSorrows,"This is a very good game! I got lucky and found it on sale, powered right through the game in one sitting. The Fall is about 2-4 hours in length, depending on your environment and puzzle skills, as well as combat. The game feels like it it designed for a controller, but it is not needed. All in all I feel it is a great game, maybe not worth a 10 dollar price tag because of its length, but its still worth buying it at that price (contradicting statements are contradicting)"
,Recommended,290770,24771607,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,BilfO,"Okay, so I have approximately 4+ hrs logged on this game, and all I can say is that I've played enough to feel kinda bad about buying this game for 99 cents. However, I will add that I think I will continue to follow and support these devs for a job well done! What I love about the game so far is the overall mood and tone with its great soundtrack and ambience, and of course the puzzles. I am ashamed to say that I have found myself stumped a couple of times already for a few minutes each, constantly backtracking over and over wondering what the hell I might've missed. But in the end, once all is said and done, I just shake my head and grin. I love challenges like this in videogames. Once I've finished the game, though, I will come back and add to this review as a final judgment. Two thumbs up so far!!"
,Recommended,290770,24910912,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,F4ceMeltör,"You play as a suit of power armor that's stranded on an alien planet with an unresponsive pilot; you must save him, and fast!The puzzles make logical sense and allow for occasionally cheeky solutions (aka ""just shoot it, I'm a combat suit, I don't have time for stupid puzzles""). The characters are very well-written and entertain. The plot is riveting. It's all you want out of an adventure game!Only complaint is the short length. Fall 2 W H E N ?"
,Recommended,290770,24835105,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Savj,"I am giving this game a positive review due to the fact that I enjoyed it, however it definitely has shortcomings. First and foremost the puzzles are either 1 or 2 steps and completely obvious, or many steps that are basically impossible to string together without a walk through, the combat was so easy yet klunky that it almost like an afterthought. But all in all my biggest complaint is that it was extremely short i finished it in 3 hours with quite a bit of aimless wandering, Im sure a speed runner could do it in under 30 minutes."
,Recommended,290770,24829240,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Siberian Bull,Very creative and immersive game. I was too stupid to figure everything out by myself.That ending though...
76561198119675323,Recommended,290770,24872448,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,A name which cannot be spoken,"You know, I keep meaning to get into sci-fi; it's such a fascinating genre that I wish I were better versed in. Well, this game's as good a start as any. It boasts a thematically rich story that's veritably drowning in symbolism and allegory, while holding your interest with compelling characters, creepy atmosphere, and a plot that's equal parts mystery and tragedy. If any of that sounds good to you, I highly recommend this game......just make sure to keep a guide handy. As good as the story is, the gameplay is mediocre at best. It combines the worst aspects of metroidvanias - mediocre combat, an arbitrary unlock system, and way too much backtracking - with the worst aspects of point-and-click adventure games; or, rather, the single worst aspect: the puzzle-solving. These ""puzzles"" are so freaking obtuse and convoluted in their solutions that I have to wonder if anyone actually playtested this game. You pretty much can't solve half of them without a guide, and even the solvable ones are a chore to actually complete. To be fair, the gameplay is a good thematic fit for the story, but that's just about the only good thing I can say about it.Still, the story is worth the crappy gameplay, especially because it is the kind of crappy gameplay that can be made a lot less crappy if you use a guide. And the story really is that good."
76561198115145152,Recommended,290770,24837598,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Asset7111,Great game so far.
,Recommended,290770,24861460,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Wafflewuffs,"While it is a fairly short game (I finished it in one 3.8 hour session), I would say that it's well worth the money. Even though I got it on sale for a fraction of the cost (something like £0.79), I would absolutely have been satisfied with my purchase had I paid full price!Gameplay-wise, it's a blend of simple combat and adventure game style puzzles that, in classic adventure game format, rewards experimentation, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. The graphics look a lot better in-game than they do in the trailer, and I quite like the general darkness that pervades the game, and I also very much enjoyed the atmosphere that the music and sound effects brought in.Story-wise, it's simple, you've fallen into a cavern, you don't know where you are, all you know is that you need to get your human pilot medical attention, no complaints from me on that front! I enjoyed the general mystery surrounding the whole thing, and the ending especially has left me eager for the next in the series!There's always gonna be bad things though, of course, and in particular the controls were a bit clunky right out of the gate, although I did get used to them quite fast! In addition, barring a boss fight at the end of the game, combat was pretty repetitive, although combat's really not the main focus. It certainly wasn't a deal-breaker for me, although I do feel that the game would have performed equally as well if they'd removed the combat altogether.To sum up:Graphics - Good!Sound - Good!Story - Good!Price - Good!Gameplay - Mixed, but still more good than bad!Controls - Bad :(Combat - Bad :(Recommended? Heck yes!"
,Recommended,290770,25062936,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,GoldenTaco,"Truly a great game made by a studio with much potential. I recommend buying the game when it's on sale, as the price tag for it is a little on the higher side. However, this game is like Limbo(puzzle solving wise), but also has its own majestic touch to it as there is a combat system. The atmosphere to the game is as good as it gets, and the same go for the controls. I'm really looking forward to Part 2, and hope it's better than the first content wise. 9/10."
76561198148971877,Recommended,290770,25026345,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,samuelbwatson,"This is a good game.It's a very atmospheric game, with enough creepy touches and somewhat unsettling things to keep things interesting, though I don't think I'd call it a horror game. It's just naturally eerie.ARID, the robot, is actually a fairly sympathetic character. That was one of my favorite things about the game, how well they incorporated robot characters. It's really fun playing a robot and having to deal with other robots: the interactions and dialogue choices are just *almost* human but obviously just not quite the same. Having to view everything as a robot would is also fun; I loved how you get a dialogue option several times that was ""tell the truth"" vs ""lie"" and you're not able to select ""lie"" because...well, that's one of the robot rules, and you just have to deal with the consequences.I only regret that I didn't notice the option to make the aiming control ""toggle"" instead of hold down the right mouse button constanty until the last few minutes of the game. Oh well.Anyway. Way fun, looks like it'll lead to some cool things when they release the next part (apparently next year)."
76561198146963461,Recommended,290770,25022574,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,carlphudson,This game is worth playing. Great story and strong enough gameplay to support that story. Getting this game on sale was the type of robbery that makes me love the steam store so much.
,Recommended,290770,12953008,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,sdmfz28,This game really makes you think to solve the puzzles. Definitely a lot of fun and I look forward to the rest of the trilogy.
76561197970339803,Recommended,290770,12953564,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Dangerous Midget,"I originally thought this was going to be a throwaway metroid clone.After playing the first few minutes I was happy to find out I was wrong.In addition to excellent graphics, a pervasive and oppressive atmosphere, and excellent sound it has one of the most thought provoking narratives I've seen in a game in a while."
,Recommended,290770,12734685,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Sharky,Dark. Ambient. Interesting story and protagonist.
,Recommended,290770,12704883,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Out of Time Units,"WARNING: THIS IS ONLY THE FIRST PART OF A THREE-PART GAME. DEVELOPERS HAVE INDICATED THAT THE FINAL TWO PARTS ARE ABOUT A YEAR IN THE FUTURE.Still probably one of the better point-and-click style adventure games I've played in recent years. I picked it up for five bucks and got my money's worth. However, ten bucks is too much for what is, in the end, an incomplete experience.Control scheme is interesting but unusual, takes a bit of getting used to. Story and voice acting is excellent. Puzzles are generally logical but requires some pixel searching. Only got stuck on one puzzle requiring the use of a wiki (that stupid crying baby). There are a few moments of ""Adventure Game Logic"" though.The general conceit is that the player takes the role of an Artificial Intelligence. As such, your actions are constrained to your directives. For instance, the player is not allowed to lie in order to solve what should be a trivial puzzle. This does mean that the moments of ""railroading"" in the story tend to make sense: they are the only action that the player can take given the directives they have.About the only thing that I seriously disliked was the combat. The control scheme is NOT conducive to side-scrolling mouse-and-keyboard gunplay. Given that an early upgrade allows for the player to evade gunfire simply by tapping a button, combat pretty much turns into a tedious stop-and-pop point and click affair. Combined with somewhat floaty controls and narrow, tight corridors, this can make for a frustrating experience.I generally didn't encounter any game-breaking bugs.Art style evokes ""Limbo,"" with its side-scrolling black-on-white silhouetted style. Voice acting is well-done and evocative. Writing and characterization is generally solid."
,Recommended,290770,12704956,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Cleverest,"So impressed with this game, graphics, sound...atmosphere, all FANTASTIC.  BUY NOW if you enjoy quality side scrolls with great mood and story, puzzle elements, etc...not just mindless action....LOVE IT!"
,Recommended,290770,12712988,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Coronaxe,"Despite quite hard at times, it's nothing you should turn down!The game starts with introducing a dense atmosphere and keeping it all the way through. No cheap jumpscares, or anything like that, just very immersive, and creepy atmosphere. And how does it hold up? GREAT I'd say, even though it's a bit short and as already mentioned, quite hard at some points, it's definetely worth looking into it.This game is worth every penny, and if you're not convinced I'd recommend getting it at a sale at least, you really have to experience this!"
76561197982401199,Recommended,290770,12961493,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,a guest,"Good game that doesn't overstay its welcome (or its gameplay mechanics). A few obscure puzzles that force you to scan and re-scan areas, but a really fantastic story with excellent ideas."
76561198030367984,Recommended,290770,12961570,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ExaltedDuck,"I was expecting something similar to Prince of Persia and Out of This World (deliberately paced action/adventure sligtly puzzle oriented sidescroller) but this is really more of a point and click adventure (more puzzle oriented with just a few action shooting sequences) but entirely as a sidescroller, which is a twist I don't think I've ever seen.The story and art style are very compelling, presenting a well-written sci-fi noir story that has the player assuming the role of a combat environmental suit's AI which was activated to protect the life of its unresponsive occupant.  The puzzles are generally pretty simple (I would compare them to Limbo or TellTale's games more than anything Sierra or LicasArts) but they are well integrated, pulling the player into the game and moving the plot forward.  The graphics are done well, with an imposing post-apocalyptic style reminiscent of some notable games of the 1990's like Fade to Black and Blackthorne at times, perhaps even a bit of Fallout.  The dialogue is voiced by live actors who are certainly up to the task, bringing appropriate and interesting personality to their characters.  There is a lot of dark and dry humor humor present such as the repeating theme of the AI placing itself in situations that require the use of features of the suit that it normally can't access,The interface can be a bit quirky at times.  I played with an xbox 360 controller, and I think a mouse and keyboard might be more suitable for the game's interface style.  I never had any showstopping problems but some of the requrired button press sequences grew tedious.  The suit upgrades beg for comparison to Metroid-style games.  I don't think it's warranted, however, since a major hallmark of that style is progression through backtracking.  In The Fall, there isn't a whole lot of revisitting previous areas.  There is a little back-and-forth within major sections of the game, but once each act of the story is done, its section is history.  This manages to keep the game focused on its story, and although it is an excellent story (seriously, someone with contacts in the industry, pitch the idea to Nolan or Spielberg or the like.  It could be amazing), its runtime is a bit short for a game.   I clocked in at about 3 1/2 hours beginning to end, according to steam, and I admittedly got a little stumped once or twice.  For what it's worth, though, I enjoyed every minute and would not hesitate to buy it again.Bottom line is, if you're feeling nostalgiac for a '90's style game but want new subject matter or if you like an intriguing story and genuine science fiction, it's worth spending an afternoon with.  And if you, like me, love point and click adventures, it's a must-buy."
,Recommended,290770,11405543,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Koriar,"The game is a bit short perhaps, but the story and puzzles are wonderful! The writing and voice acting are very well done, with the tone shifting well between humor and drama."
,Recommended,290770,11412609,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Rikuu The Werewolf Riolu,Short But Well Worth.....Thats all i can basically say i played the whole thing ITS WORTH IT but the price....sadily isnt ;~; i know its sad 2 hear but trust me its a good game and its nice 2 play and u may or may not love it i give it a 6/10....the price is what makes it sad however but it is fun
76561198001783505,Recommended,290770,11053876,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,masterchief117-7,the fall is rather short and still has a few bugs to work out (at least on PC) but it is definitly an awesome game that i don't regret buying.
76561198086421823,Recommended,290770,11054234,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,jw,"By far my favorite game at the moment. The Fall combines classic sidescrolling adventure you can find in Super Mario Brothers and Mega Man titles with difficult puzzle solving elements, reminiscent of Portal 2, but better. Action elements like firefights add wonderful moments of hiding behind cover or cloaking in with your surroundings. A dash of horror makes this game slightly creepy, but just enough so. Interactive conversations that are similar to those in The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim add a bit of character to your  gameplay. Artwork that looks like it came from a strange LIMBO sequel combined with amazing voice-acting and music makes the game immensely immersive. 10/10."
,Recommended,290770,11054627,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,The mad hunter,"fantastic game, Impressive story that makes the AI character believeable. not many indy games have left me wanting for more."
,Recommended,290770,11055975,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Osprey Williams,"Pretty short but increidibly interesting. Awesome character development with the protagonist and the antagonist is a different but fantastic villain. A bit pricey for how short it is though. The atmosphere provides enough creepy aura to make the game have that horror game feel without actually being a horror game. The puzzles are pretty difficult at some points and have that ""where do I go what do I do"" helpless feeling which might be my only negative view of the game. However figuring out the puzzles after that frustration factor sets in is incredibly rewarding and makes you feel good about yourself. All in all I'd give it an 8.5/10, the only thing docking it points being the length of the game and the mediocre conveyance with the puzzles."
76561198025283807,Recommended,290770,11056824,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Codeman016,"If you like puzzles, and the ambiance of deadspace... then this one is for you! Go for it!!! You cant go wrong either way, because this will fund the trilogy that this will be apart of :)"
,Recommended,290770,11068072,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,St. Fuji: BreakfastCereal,"Just a really great sci-fi adventure game. Similar tropes to others in the genere ""pick-up item...combine with environment,"" but the atmosphere and story are really compelling. Also, the art, animations, and voice acting are pretty superb. Definately worth the play through.Very compelling for Asimov fans !"
,Recommended,290770,11068980,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,jfh2112,"Loved this game's setting, story, and looks. Controls are a little janky, and could be tightened up a bit. The ending? Never saw it coming; incredible twist. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,290770,11107583,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Jyatt,"I would highly recomend this game, as it is one of the better games I have played this year. Complete with a phenomenal story, and solid voice acting, the game kept my undevided attention throughout. With its great puzzles and exellent atmosphere, I recomend everyone who is interested to invest in this experience, you will not regret it."
,Recommended,290770,11110749,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,JohnnyDemonic,"This game has bugs. but not game breaking ones. In fact, one bug saved me half a minute of walking. Thought I'd mention that first because everything else about this game is beautiful. The voice work is immaculate, the graphics are muted and heavily shadowed, the controls take some getting used to but I found myself hitting the correct buttons more often than not. The puzzles hit a nice spot on the difficulty curve.I'm saddened about one thing; if I talk about the story I'd ruin it. Play it for the story alone, if nothing else."
,Recommended,290770,11112084,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Jollytoker,"I just finished this game, and was very satisfied with the experience.Challenging puzzles, interesting storyline, great voice acting and occasional droid blasting fun really elevated this game above the fray.After I finished playing the adventure game Primordia, I had a craving for another futuristic A.I. Robot-themed game. The Fall somewhat satisfies that craving. There is a clear divergence though, in gameplay and atmosphere. The Fall stands in its own right as a fun platform adventure.I see some have questioned whether the length of the game is enough for $10. I got a good afternoon out of the game, probably about 5 hours. I spend as much on a movie. So I'd say well worth it.Gameplay:There is a mix of platformer action, and point-and-click adventure in The Fall. You get the adventure game paradigm of using objects in your inventory to solve various puzzles in the environment, but there are also battles with enemies, requiring good aim and timing.I had to refer to a walkthrough twice for solutions to puzzles that weren't immediately apparent to me. Having said that, none of the challenges were illogical. With some patience anyone should be able to conquer them.I used an XBox controller, happy that the game has controller support. The controls weren't the most intuitive at first, but you get used to them quite quickly.Sound:I recommend playing this game with headphones, or with the sound turned up. The music is very good, and sound design seem to be well thought-out. It really helps to keep you immersed in the environment.Graphics/Lighting:As you'd probably see in screenshots, the lighting of The Fall is dark corridors and environments, punctuated by the artificial glow of computer terminals, blaster fire, and dim lamps. There is no real variation in this, no daylight, or flourescent-lit zones. I think this encourages you to dim the lights in your room or office, and really escape into the game.The one annoyance I had was that the brightness couldn't be adjusted after you've started your game.The graphics are fairly well rendered. With the darkness of the environments, I'm sure half of the work of the illustrators was lost behind darkness, only to be revealed when you fire your blaster."
76561198003771168,Recommended,290770,11112893,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Sunos,"I can't recommend this game enough.  	It has a little of everything, and the only things about it that I felt were restrictive I also felt were necessary to set it's tone and pacing.     I learned to love it all.I had an issue after one of their updates where the game wouldn't launch.   The creator returned my email after only an hour with a solution.The only thing about this game I didn't like was it's brevity.   It was so good it left me wanting more of the same, which as far as downsides go is pretty good.   Hopefully more is in the works."
76561198027517884,Recommended,290770,10816253,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Turbo Furry,"This game is honestly one of the most well writen games I've played. The ending is completely unexpected, and makes me ask so many questions that I can't wait for the next in the trilogy to come out (even though as I write this reveiw I know it will be almost a year before the next game.)! The game is very short, but that is to be expected, it is just episode one of the game, and it was made by an independent developer. While I would have liked there to have been more of the story to play through (damn this game was awesome), I will be buying the next games in the series to figure out what happens to what is now my favorite AI (Yes, I like her more then cortana.)."
76561198034506723,Recommended,290770,11041401,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Moose Cannon,"Excepting its length, The Fall is a great experience. Generally good writing, lovely sound (though it got annoying when you had to go through the same terminal multiple times), decent pacing, and an excellent look and feel overall were all fun, refreshing, and well executed.However, the game takes 3-4 hours to complete, with no indication of whether you've purchased the next segments by purchasing the first. It's still more entertainment time per dollar than a movie, but less than most video games."
76561197963013156,Recommended,290770,11042472,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Sygma_stage5,"About 3-4 hours long but sweet. I think the story was well done and feels like there could be a lot more, mayber further down the road. I hope they continue in this universe."
,Recommended,290770,10997105,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,satanguy,Awesome! Need moaarrr
76561198015229802,Recommended,290770,10997743,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Babbudoiu,"ARID is one of the greatest AI in videogames history! Love the puzzles mechanics and the the story too. If you serch a great sci-fi adventure try The Fall, it won't disappoint you :DOnly one flaw: it's very short, you will need almost 4 hours to reach the end :("
76561198123092364,Recommended,290770,10998588,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Lloydy,Fantastic game. I can't wait for the next episode.Great puzzles and story.
,Recommended,290770,11000726,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,UnlikelyNomad,"The Fall is a kickass game and it was a great score from the Steam Summer Sale. A gorgeous side scrolling adventure/puzzle game; it puts Broken Age to shame. It reminds me of older adventure games with obscure activities to accomplish and not holding your hand through very much. It is absolutely you versus the game. Did I mention that it looks amazing?There are some bugs that crop up from time to time: I experience wonky controller behavior when first loading up a saved game but jumping twice gets everything synced up. At another point the gun stayed on my hip while my character had its arms up ready to grapple the oncoming enemy; shots just got fired at the floor. Loading the game back up resulted in being able to continue though.The ambiance is chilling, the characters are spot on, and the puzzles are something you can't just breeze through usually. My only complaint is that I often find myself repeatedly going back and forth through sections to get piece A for a a puzzle which then gives you piece B to go back and complete a puzzle where you got A from. This trait reminds me a lot of the Metroid series but it is more than made up for by the puzzles and the story.I'm pretty sure this is the first game that ever made me feel attached to an NPC character."
76561198074828829,Recommended,290770,11020332,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,rikkuedo,"2D Dead Space minus gore. The atmosphere is fantastic. The story is quite original, keeps you on your toes. Combat is kinda lame, but meh. Doesn't detract from the very clever design choices in this game. I am so glad I went on a selling spree on the Market to get it when it was 4.99 on the Summer Sale."
,Recommended,290770,11021652,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,aubadier,"What Not To Look For:X a highly polished combat systemX hints every step of the wayX a game to keep you hooked for 100 hoursX smooth and fluid controlsWhat To Look Forward To:+ a fantastic story exploring AI capabilties+ a wonderful adventure style game in the vein of I Have No Mouth And I Must Scream+ flawless, professional sounding voice acting+ an amazing atmosphere lit primarily by screens and robot lightsIt's honestly a very short game, so I suggest you wait until it's on sale, but over all The Fall is a great game, like reading a classic Isacc Asimov novel. Well, if Isacc Asimov played Dead Space, anyway."
,Recommended,290770,33253964,Posted: 4 July,all,Corazón Esqueleto,"Very interesting story and concept, puzzles are just the right difficulty, great voice acting. Though, a pretty slow game and I remember it being a little frustrating to find item A, then having to use it with object B all the way over at the other side of the map.."
76561198241393562,Recommended,290770,33310127,Posted: 6 July,all,cerveau23,"Excellent. I don't usually like Point & Click games, but this one broke everything. I'm just waiting for the #2"
,Recommended,290770,33349028,Posted: 7 July,all,I want to die,I'm so in love with these characters. Can't wait to play The Fall 2!!
,Recommended,290770,33278037,Posted: 5 July,all,niceguydavid,"Bought this on the Steam Sale for 2 bucks. Definitely worth it at that price, but don't know if it would be worth it at full price as there are definitely better games that will give you more value for the buck. But, it's a nice short game that you can finish in one or two sittings.PROS+ Story is interesting.+ Good atmosphereCONS- Very unpolished and unresponsive movement and combat package, especially for a game that relies on combat for a number of sequences. Character feels like a tank.- Controls in general are cumbersome - looking and interacting requires using the flashlight and pointing at something and then going through a menu to interact, so it's several buttons for something that's at the core of the game and that you have to do a thousand times.- Puzzles are mostly search for the interactable item, interact or pick up, use somewhere else. So there isn't a lot of thought to it or logical progression where you feel like you're figuring anything out. You're mostly just doing the only thing that can be done at any given time, and if you are stuck then it's likely you didn't point your flashlight at the right place so go back through several screens and try to find the item. Not extremely fun and even with such a short game I ended up looking at a walkthrough a few times just to keep the game moving. And it always ended up being some item I missed shining my flashlight on a few screens back.Overall, it's a solid effort for a tiny team. Don't expect something incredible, but the story was interesting enough for me to keep progressing, but I'm a huge sci-fi/AI fan so it was right up my alley."
,Recommended,290770,33290024,Posted: 5 July,all,dandbdi,"Very nice and stilish game with futuristic setting and AIs. Action/quest game with tense horror atmosphere.Can recommend it to anyone who likes games about AIs and stuff.The only problem, I believe, islack of actual choices in game. It feels like they are there, which is extremely nice, but it turns out that this game is too linear, which does not feel right for game about AI with counsiosness, violating rules. Especially when it feels as if choices were here, but were removed on later development stages.But it does not matter, really nice, though pretty short game."
,Recommended,290770,33426116,Posted: 10 July,all,Jester,"It's an interresting game, somehow .... with a good Story behind. I was struggeling at the beginning, but then suddenly it got me. Some puzzles and tasks are not really self explained, then I was peeking the Communities-Guide especially for the Archivements. Dev should really re-define this. The Controls are not glitchy, but at some stages also not helping at all.However, it was nice playing this"
76561198210539836,Recommended,290770,25104287,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Calypist,"This game is intensely thought-provoking and beautifully rendered. I have never played anything quite like it. It is worth every penny, and thensome. It deserves awards, and broad recognition. This is a work of art, and transcends the traditional game incentive. It's absolutely fantastic. Thank you for this game.Unfolds like an intricate novel and keeps you immersed until the very end.10/10 X infinity"
76561197995196273,Recommended,290770,33552788,Posted: 14 July,all,j.lmcmaster,"You fall to a strange world full of robotd, mad AI and to top it of amazing graphics.It is eerie.Its adictive.Its bloody hard to know what you are to do at times.If you want a really brain teaser with a really good thrilling story line then this is a game you must add to your library."
76561198052355727,Recommended,290770,18358607,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,m4tt.harrison,"This game is wonderfully dark and addicting. I immediately felt drawn in to the dark and mysterious surrounds of A.R.I.D., and felt the strange disconnect of a machine on the verge of destruction. The logs, the dreadful thing jumping around in the background, the sensation of not knowing what is to come next, it all wraps you up in a tantalizing adventure into the unknown."
,Recommended,290770,18463186,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Mad Pigeon,"Point-and-click adventure. One of episodes, at least.Interesting puzzles and very unusual main character(suit). Mystery and robots. Lots of robots."
76561198009715073,Recommended,290770,17805912,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,MrBook,My only complaint is how quickly it was over. I want more damnit!
76561198012854670,Recommended,290770,17805915,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,FelCros,"Pretty well done indie gaming, a simple but effect metrovania model carried by a nice, nuanced plot. Definite play for anyone interested in gender studies."
,Recommended,290770,22143462,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,XDVR,"Really good story. Really good idea. Really good interface. Really good everything.Great game! Buy it if you like games like Flashback, Shadow Complex etc... nearest thing to them in a while.Now, where's The Fall 2?"
,Recommended,290770,22464439,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Del Mingus,TL:DR Great story and atmosphere though the poor controls and combat let it down a bit. This is only the first part of the trilogy and probably not worth buying at full price right now. I'd recommend waiting to pick it up on offer or for part 2s release.Full Version:The Fall see you playing as a mechanized combat suit AI called ARID who takes control when the suit pilot is rendered inconscious. ARID crash lands in an abandoned facility and in compliance with her programming has to find medical aid for her pilot. The story for this game is brilliant as well as the incredibly atmospheric setting. The gameplay is a bit of is a combination of puzzle solving and metroidvania style exploration of the facility.There is combat but it is the biggest weakpoint of the game with it being very clunky and awkward though not to the point where it ruins the game. This is also the first of a trilogy and so the game is only about 2-3 hours long with a cliffhanger ending. This is worth considering if you want to buy it as its been 2 years and part 2 in still unreleased though it may be released soon.Good points:- A really gripping clever story that had me hooked-The setting is really atmospheric and unnerving-I really liked the visual style of this game which makes good use of shadow and lighting to add to the unsettling atmosphere of the settingBad points:- Clunky controls and combat- Puzzles are a bit uneven. Its usually finding an object and using it on another object but some of the items you need to collect can be hard to find or in unobvious locations- This is only the first part of the trilogy and thus it ends quite suddenly on a cliffhanger so it maybe worth waiting though given its been 2 years since release and still no episode 2 it may be a long wait.
,Recommended,290770,22328429,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,WinterRime,"Absolutely wonderful storyline. Game play was great, though it took some time to get used to the controls. Combat was not too challenging but you needed to think your way though the enemies or you would die. Hope there is a sequel!"
,Not Recommended,290770,22032994,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,attoM,"Unfortunately this game is pretty UNFUN to play. Too much backtracking and non-sensical puzzles that require you to just click around and see if you have the right object at the right time to interact with the right thing. No logic or planning involved, just massive amounts of backtracking and boredom.The story seems very interesting in itself and it can be seen that the voice acting is good. Unfortunately they are hindered by the most important aspect of a game - its gameplay.Do not buy, not worth even when on sale."
76561198055172310,Recommended,290770,21998663,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,vdst123,"I don't normally rate games, this one I would recommend.  Some hickups, good story once you get into it."
76561197980163333,Recommended,290770,27890196,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kozuke,I was sucked in to the story very quickly. Good pacing and voice acting kept me wanting to know more. I can't wait for the next installment!
,Recommended,290770,27561265,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,G-Zilla,"Where's the sequal!?!?! Come on developers, don't leave us hanging!"
,Recommended,290770,11652287,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Thegg,"2D sidescrolling puzzle/adventure game with unobtrusive combat elements. Excellent visuals, nicely atmospheric, and an engaging story, especially if you liked reading Isaac Asimov. The only negative I could have here is that I've been left wanting more, which is good since it's only the first part of a trilogy. Wholeheartedly recommended, can't wait for the next bit.[Now nominated for the “I THOUGHT THIS GAME WAS COOL BEFORE IT WON AN AWARD” Steam Award!]"
76561198084078644,Recommended,290770,27758505,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,mattoncybertron,great narrative in an awesome side-scrolling take on adventure games. you should've played this when it came out but get on it if you've not!
76561198011419330,Recommended,290770,30951986,Posted: 4 April,all,Baruti Madu,Its a good brain teaser. I think the writing and banter back n fourth between NPC's n whatever was well done. I like that is more adventure/mind puzzle then it is 'shoot to kill'
,Recommended,290770,27584189,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,pureremnants,"I expected little to nothing from this, just assumed they made the flashy intros and trailers as their hook, yet bought it anyway as I was told it was worth the look at least,I’m pleasantly surprised I didThe atmosphere is thick and immersive with good use of vibrate electronic colours clashing with the muted dark environment, the point and click puzzles leading me though events seamlessly [sometimes], subtle ambience layering tension and the ever increasing idea that your never quite safe, all nicely guiding the storyThe story and its few select characters is this games strives, often posing the player more questions than there are answers, but giving you just enough for you to form your own feelings and idea on the subject, I’m sure the devs grabbed their concept and bled it dry. Don’t want to spoil the story or even its underlining concept but expect something interesting at least...However the gameplay did fall flat, combat segments’ were quirky to say the least, at times it was outright unreasonable, but responsive enough to work with, taking them out would likely ruin any sense of danger and conflict but I can’t help think what could have been if a little more time was spent, making the combat feel more precise and reactive, having these skirmishes’ flow and oppose to grindThat and I stumped late trying to find my way around, MMMmm frustrating, hopefully you’ll be smarter than meUltimately don’t really want to call this a game per say as its inherent gameplay had the potential to make the game as a whole much more, but if you’re willing to accept that and move past it, take the short time of a few hours and play it"
76561198046706601,Recommended,290770,27770205,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fabulous Flatcap,"The plot is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I gotta say.Combat isn't overtly fluid, but you adjust.The world feels very . . . Natural in how various features exist and interact."
76561198119132000,Recommended,290770,25312950,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,silenceisred,"This game is short and sweet Great atmosphere and aesthetic. Nice story. Makes you think just enough to be engaging. I got it on sale, played it, liked it, and I can't wait for the sequel next year."
76561198041947717,Recommended,290770,27191825,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Spud Capone,"Excellent game to add to your library (especially at these sale prices), great story with a fantastic atmosphere."
76561197983473381,Recommended,290770,27341453,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,yonatanavni,Play It!!!!
76561198066764288,Recommended,290770,27167631,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Akkallia,The Fall is an amazingly well written little adventure game. I can only wait for further installments in the series as I really love games that explore what it means to be sentient.
,Recommended,290770,27228136,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Word-Mule,"The best sci-fi game of the decade, bar none. Puzzle-platforming mechanics and vibrant story come together to create one of the great indie games. Not without its niggling flaws, but nothing that gets in the way of enjoying the plot your first time around. It inspired me, and if you like to read, it will probably affect you too."
,Recommended,290770,27172363,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vos,"This is a unique puzzle/2D shooter game with an interesting story. I have few complaints about it, but one of them is that I wish it was longer.The puzzles are interesting enough. It takes on the style of games like Monkey Island where you find things and have to cleverly use them to your advantage. Figuring out a puzzle on your own is very rewarding, but at the same time you may need to look up a walkthrough once or twice.The shoot 'em up portions are OK, not incredibly riveting but still fun enough. It's a basic cover shooter, just on a 2D plane.I've read some complaints about the story, but I myself enjoyed it and found myself invested in it by the end of this short experience. You play as ARID, an AI in a military suit. Your pilot is unconscious and you must get to a medical facility (which is the overarching goal in the game). Along your way you'll meet other robots, some friendly and some not. I won'y reveal too much as much of the fun of the story comes from experiencing it.Visually the game is nice, its art style isn't anything completely unique but it has some good visuals.One complaint that I have about the game is that you have to turn your flashlight on and shine it on things you want to interact with. Although it's not really a big deal, it'd be nice if I could just hit a button without shining my flashlight on it.Other than that, this is an interesting although almost painfully short experience. They are coming out with a second part though.Get it when it's on sale, or if you really think this is your cup of tea, just get it now."
76561197983356444,Recommended,290770,16633214,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,shalot,"A traditional puzzle adventure, hidden in the trappings of a side-scrolling action game. Clever and engaging, with a solid story and well-fleshed out characters. Looking forward to the second one."
,Recommended,290770,16635077,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Curdle_Sanders,Great little indie game starting AI characters. This game is a somewhat of a point and click adventure game with elements of an action game mixed in. Cool semi-horror atmosphere. Grab it on sale and enjoy this 2-3 hour adventure
,Recommended,290770,16636633,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Justiceness,Great game. Can't wait for a sequel. Animations (namely the jump animation) needs a bit of work but I enjoyed how the game played overall. Wish it had lasted a bit longer.
76561198019049547,Recommended,290770,17636492,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Phourc,"Super good, super short.  Fantastic character and story, but ends on a ""to be continued"".  Seriously the best modern incarnation of the point-and-click adventure genre I've seen yet, though.  Can't wait for part 2."
,Recommended,290770,17603346,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,JudgeB,"Excellent story, writing, and voice acting. The game is worth playing on these grounds alone IMHO. The biggest complaint against it is that the dark atmosphere does not lend itself well to puzzle mechanics. A good portion of the game will be frantically looking everywhere for hidden items, and since changes in your environment reveal more items, you'll be sure to scan the same area over and over again. Having to use the flashlight is also somewhat annoying, since this means you'll be holding down the right mouse button anywhere you go. However, if you are really stuck, there are very straightforward guides available that can get you through. Overall, it's a game with great atmosphere and characters that you will enjoy playing, and I'll be looking out for the sequel."
,Recommended,290770,17516457,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Didact,"Its extremely puzzlely, dont recommend if you hate puzzles, your gonna die."
76561198039106145,Recommended,290770,17519578,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Vdain,Captivating and challenging.  So simple yet really gripping :)
,Recommended,290770,17762623,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Ganso,"Very interesting side-scrolling adventure game. You play as a robot suit who must save his unresponsive pilot, after just falling on a mysterious abandoned facility. By exploring, acquiring items and interacting with some robots and AI, you must find a way to leave the facility.The story is engaging and full of mystery, the game makes you want to continue playing and find more about the abandoned facility, while also not letting go of your urgency to escape it.The controls are good enough for this kind of game. The graphics are simple but good enough for the game. Voice-acting is done incredibly well.The game is just 3-4 hours long and leaves a ""To be continued"" at the end. Can't wait for the next episode!"
,Recommended,290770,17698261,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,StormyStories,"Beautifully crafted, dark, surreal, and incredibly deep, The Fall is truly a work of art. The atmosphere created is superb, the story will stick with you for days and the characters are fully flushed out and complete. Although none of them are actually human, they are more relatable and fascinating than those of many other games. If you like Dark Scifi at all, and even if you don't, then I highly recommend you give this game a try! ^_^"
76561198078191002,Recommended,290770,17666566,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Thrainn,"Rather short but worth the price and the contoller setup could be better other than that, great game."
76561198130365738,Recommended,290770,17720033,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,ham.in.cereal,"Absolutely amazing. The ending just left me heartbroken and I'm amazed at how much this game affected me. The atmosphere. everything ARID went through and felt. I am, like many others, STOCKED for The Fall 2. Props to the developers, and I can't wait for more."
76561197976510632,Recommended,290770,17742954,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,hYpYz,"Fantastic story, voice acting, music and atmosphere in general. Recommended for any sci fi geek :D"
76561198045136606,Recommended,290770,17345541,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Yoshiro,"I just finished the game in under 6 hours and I have really mixed feelings about this game.Breakdown of rating:Combat: 7/10.   It was cool at first but started to get a little bland.Humor: 9/10Story: 10/10Puzzles: mixed between a 9/10 to a 0/10.Graphics: 9/10Some ""puzzles"" I felt were really though out and made perfect sense.   Other ""puzzles"" were pretty frustrating and I had to look at a guide.   Even after looking at a guide they were still a little frustrating.   I really dislike it when games pretty much say ""You know that room you were just in 10 minutes ago?   I want you to walk all the way back to it, do something and then walk back to where you are now.""  or  ""You walked past a bottle 50 times, but you can't pick it up until you have walked over to another room and saw a fish jump out of water.""   This is roughly a Zelda game with some good and dumb puzzles.Summary: If you like wandering around aimlessly trying to figure out the puzzles, then I would recommend it.   I would use a guide if you start running around in circles to much.  The story is decent and might be worth it"
76561198018899489,Recommended,290770,17357894,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,KingHadas,A great narrative with a truly unique protaganist.
,Recommended,290770,14073530,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Ace Wolf,"This game is a great way to experience Asimov's 3 laws of robotics with you playing as the robot. The game doesn't explicitly cite Asimov, but the Laws are clearly the source of your operating parameters and constraints. They serve as stand-ins for ethics, morality, and what drives us all.Bottom Line:Play this gameif you have $5 and 5 hours. At that price point and time commitment, you'll get great value.Hint:The controls are a little wonkey. If you have a game pad, the controls make more sense than a keyboard.I really liked the end, and I didn't see it coming."
76561198023814240,Recommended,290770,14074066,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,DownTheBarrel,"The fall takes the great question of how far may robotics push their directives and puts it right back on the table. With very stout story telling, the point and click style allows you to set the pace that you want to. The ambient sounds and drawn up world was well put together and the dark setting will have you pondering what happened throughout the entire game. The clunky combat system is not the forte of this title, but gives just enough threat of violence that youd just rather avoid it. The protagonist is one to grab hold of and understand more clearly giving an even bigger appreication for every choice you make. Ultimately, the story throws you for a loop and in the end your purpose is completely new"
,Recommended,290770,14042954,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Vampy,"Honestly, I was pretty surprised with how much I enjoyed this game. The word combat usually is a big turn off for me (usually because I have the reflex of a sloth), but I was very pleased to find that the fighting system was not the main focus and was relatively easy to work with.In total, the puzzles were challenging, but not too impossibly difficult to figure out. I only ended up getting stuck about 3  times and that was because I failed to closely examine the ceiling or the floor. (I'm looking at you glass jar =3= )My only complaint would be that the aiming/targeting system could be a biiiiiiit iffy at times. Was a bit annoying I'd find myself facing the wrong direction while trying to fight for my life.All in all though, this was a fantastic game. The story was incredibly absorbing and the voice acting was a pleasure to listen to. Not to mention the art style was absolutely beautifulCan't wait until the next game. Will definitely be buying"
,Recommended,290770,14078241,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,knifu waifu,"Toward the beginning of January I was listening to the Giant Bomb year-end awards podcasts, and they mentioned some stuff about The Fall that made it sound appealing. Also, it was on the Steam sale for some absurdly cheap amount. So I bought it, and then actually played it. Gasp. Here are some thoughts.The story pretty much immediately had me sold, because I love sci-fi and I love sci-fi about artificial intelligences even more. Excession is my favorite Culture book. Ship Minds are the best and I love Gray Matter forever. The Fall puts you in charge of a suit whose AI is given the task of finding medical assistance for the nonresponsive human inside the suit. The game combines elements of a point-and-click adventure game with sidescrolling movement and combat schemes. I was skeptical about this, but they mesh together fairly smoothly.As ARID, the AI in the suit, you must follow your operating parameters while you look for help for your human. However, circumstances occasionally dictate their circumvention for optimal performance. The Fall is the story of how an artificial intelligence rationalizes its actions. With no human to turn to for guidance, ARID must make frequent value judgments and do things that perhaps no AI should - but as long as it’s to save the pilot of the suit, the ends justify the means.The psychology of The Fall isn’t advanced by any means - it’s very Psych 101. But it’s fun to see it applied to artificial intelligences, and the concepts mesh with the story and gameplay seamlessly. My first play-through felt pretty mind-blowing, but going back through the game a second time it was easier to suss out the basic concepts and allegory underlying the game’s framework. Still, the first play-through is what counts.Some lists (people love lists, I hear):Pros:Story/gameplay interaction - certain story elements actually inform the gameplay (or is it the other way around?). Always fun to feel like the story and gameplay are working in harness rather than tripping each other up.Story conceits are integrated naturally - the dialogue has a lot to do with this, I think. The concepts that come up feel like they are occurring as a natural result of the things that are happening in the story and not because someone wanted to shoehorn some “deep” stuff into the game.Voice acting - I am not a huge fan of VA in general, but the artists in this game do a FANTASTIC job. In particular I want to single out ARID’s voice, which starts very robotically and gradually reflects more and more looseness as the subversion of its protocols continues throughout the game. But really, all the voices are great. Num num num.MY IMMERSION - I played with headphones on which helped, but the visuals and sound are very atmospheric and engaging. It’s definitely a game that sucks you in.Cons:Typical adventure game frustrations - everyone has these, right? Once you solve the puzzle you look back at it and think, how did I ever miss that? but while you’re unable to figure it out, you feel like you’re bashing your head into a rock. The Fall has blessedly few of these moments, but they’re still there.Back-tracking - at a certain point in the story the game world opens up quite a bit, and it can be frustrating to try to figure out where you’re supposed to go next, which can result in a lot of running back to an area to see if there’s something you missed, or if something changed. It’s a common thing in adventure games especially, but my roommate in particular had a big problem with it.Combat issues - surprisingly few of these as well, but there are a few hiccups: between myself and my roommate we found a few places where you could get stuck on the environment in odd ways (while taking cover), and sometimes the enemies respawn in a frustrating fashion if you move away from their areas and back into them again. Fortunately there aren’t many combat situations in the game, so these gripes are pretty minor.The Fall isn’t a game you can sink dozens of hours in. My first play-through took about three hours and a subsequent second run-through took one hour. The length is nice, though, because the game is so immersive that it’s really best if you finish it in one sitting. Currently it’s on Steam for ten bucks, which isn’t bad for three hours of amusement. When you finish, you can make your friends play it! Snicker under your breath as they get stuck on puzzles you solved effortlessly! Curse their names as they solve all the puzzles that frustrated you! It’s fun for the whole family!For real, though, if you like adventure games, or sci-fi games, or games about artificial intelligences and psychology, you should pick this up. And if it’s on sale pick it up anyway and give it a shot."
,Recommended,290770,14112981,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Cherry Trader,"Combines the mechanics of the old metroids and point and click adventures, with the intense atmosphere of alien.Exploring the chambers and figuring out the puzzles, whilst trying to connect what plot it fed you over time was exhilrating.Best character to development I've seen in gaming so far, challenging games made by bioware (mass effect and dragon age), i took to the characters and was ore attached to them in the brief 5 hours I played then any other franchise.But that was the only down'fall' the game was short, annoyingly so, but the devs were talking about adding the next chapter in for those that bought this."
76561197973052125,Recommended,290770,14107204,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Lord Dyran,"Excellent adventure game with decent combat and the usual problem of a few fairly obtuse puzzles.  A little short, but a very good story and definitely left me wanting more."
,Not Recommended,290770,11471547,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,mino,"It's a tough decision for me on whether or not I should recommend this game, it has some really outstanding qualities, but overall I don't think I can fully endorse this game to anyone.I will start with the positive qualities.~The voice acting is outstanding, much more than you'd expect from a greenlight/indie game.~The narrative is really quite enthralling, as you discover how far an AI will push its operating parameters to accomplish its main function. The story leaves a bit to be desired at the end, but was overall very interesting, and I was not bored by it.~The atmosphere is fantastic. If you take the time to appreciate it, it's chilling and compliments the narrative very well. Hands down, one of the best atmospheres I have experienced since Dead Space, or Metro.And now for the cons.~The price. I bought this for $4.99 while it was on sale, and couldn't imagine paying $9.99 for a game this short.~The length. Steam says I have just over four hours in this game, which included me sitting at the pause menu while I waited for my pizza to cook. (This goes hand-in-hand with the price.)~Replay value. I don't think I will play this again. There is no branching narrative, there is no alternate ending, there is nothing else to do after you beat the game once unless you care about Steam achievements (I don't.)~Controls. I played this with a controller because it seemed the logical way to go from reading the other reviews, and even still the aiming was awful, and the interactions with things was tedious. You have to take out your flashlight every time you wish to interact with something, even if it's right in front of you. Perhaps it was just my thumbsticks, or the sensitivity, but I was personally not a fan of the controls.~Combat. Maybe it was just me, but the combat was really stale. You can basically stand there and cloak until they stop shooting, hit them three times, and then rinse and repeat. The poor aiming controls do not help this.TL;DR:The Fall is a story and atmospherically rich game that unfortunately didn't focus on the controls and gameplay elements enough to justify spending $10. (I picked it up for $5 and I'm still a bit disappointed.)6/10 (I really do want to give this a higher score)FINAL THOUGHTS:I really want to recommend this game because of the story but, to me, it doesn't outweigh everything else.***I'm also hearing talk of this being the first episode of this series, and if that is the case (and the games are similar), I think it's a grab at money and they could've waited on this release and made it longer."
76561197984318042,Recommended,290770,13807449,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Matte,Great!
76561197974924762,Recommended,290770,13822846,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,GillySoose,Excellent! Highly recommended.
,Recommended,290770,13827087,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Smudge,Great game with an amazing story. Held back slightly by frustrating controls and some obtuse puzzles/hidden items that I had to look up.
76561198039667983,Recommended,290770,11559954,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,SetLeft,"This one is a bit of a mixed bag, i found the premise and characters engaging enough that I wanted to see it through to the end but the puzzles and combat was a bit of a grind and the ending was fairly predictable. really hope they make another, definitely worth the price in my opinion 7/10"
76561198006641644,Recommended,290770,11564053,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Gezebel,"I'm going to go ahead and boldly say this is one of the best games I have ever played. I am so glad for the developers to announce they're working on a second episode, because not to continue the story where this ends would be criminal.Very simple control scheme and combat mechanics (I used keyboard & mouse), but enough to be involving at all times. There is a heavy puzzle element to it, and in a couple of places I was stumped and had to do a pretty lengthy search for solutions, but in the end you realise it is fairly common sensical.Voice-acting is intense as well as the storyline (which is quite innovative), this game really drew an emotionial response from me.The level design is also top drawer, dark and moody, and unsettling in places.Couldn't recommend this game higher!"
,Recommended,290770,11136275,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,trevb0t,"Aesthetically, I argue this is one of the most awesome games on Steam. The environments and story are immersive. The puzzles are challenging, the mechanics work well enough. Definitely worth a playthrough. It's apparently a single chapter of a larger story, so fairly short, but with a probability of continuation in the future."
,Recommended,290770,11140640,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Amigo)))),"As Indie goes, this is one of the better games out there. Inexpensive, well-written and well-designed. However, it was rather short and ended on a to-be-continued note. I hope there will be more episode releases soon."
76561198040403561,Recommended,290770,11140954,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,LIBORG!,Great game. Fun. Had puzzly stuff and combat which was really good fun. Cannot wait for secound one.
,Recommended,290770,11142165,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,seanshonic,Great game with superb ending.
76561198009660341,Recommended,290770,11079932,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,idarwin1,This game is amazing!!!! Worth full price.
76561198007706128,Recommended,290770,11083138,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,gisarme,"Gameplay was frustrating at times, but story was engaging and beautiful."
76561198057370553,Recommended,290770,11130602,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Ostrich,"Just bought this, the style of this game takes me back to older console days. This is like the game that you always wanted that was never released. Great Sci-Fi/Suspense puzzle game."
76561197975145279,Recommended,290770,11130984,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Scarae,"Fairly interesting take on the adventure game formula. Some of the puzzles felt a bit obtuse, but the story kept me hanging around."
,Recommended,290770,17379192,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,ImSoDan,Unique take on the classic point and click adventure.  Interesting setting and completely non-standard characters. Recommened.
76561198048363156,Recommended,290770,17498531,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,DeadeyeJhung,"A great blend of point-and-click, action and horrorworth buying just for the robot-to-robot dialogueshopefully the sequel is on its way"
76561198026295823,Recommended,290770,17537440,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,rastatailspike,"Short, but oh so sweet. Good gameplay, great story and amazing voice acting, The Fall is one of those games that will leave you begging for more."
,Recommended,290770,17544826,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Helix [ELFS],First episode was great! Over all quite linear but great story. Can't wait for the next 2 parts. 10/10 would A.R.I.D. again!
,Recommended,290770,16824193,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,BulletStrike70,"A interesting and intruiging storyline propells this game to its maximum potential. If you're looking for lots of action, combat and gameplay, The Fall is not for you.The Fall is a 2D side-scrolling puzzle game that relies more on its story, rather than its mechanics, to keep you playing. You are the A.R.I.D onboard a Mark 7 combat exoskeleton, whose pilot may or may not be injured. Activated moments before you crash-landed on a planet to save whoever's inside, your job now is to verify your occupant still lives.That's not even remotely a quarter of the entire plot, which will keep you guessing for the next few hours as you find out why the combat exoskeleton crashed onto this planet to begin with.The gameplay itself is pretty straightforward. The A.R.I.D uses the flashlight on her sidearm to highlight points of interest in the background or around her. She can then interact with the objects in question if possible. Each of these 'nodes' have well written descriptions, some of which will prod at your thinking and judgement.A.R.I.D won't see much combat in the game, but you mostly have 2 options: Stealth takedowns, or pop out of cover and shoot while they reload. The security bots you see in the game can take more punishment than you or your occupant can, so most of the time you'll be using your active camo or taking cover to avoid shots. However the combat mechanic itself is simple: A.R.I.D can switch her sidearm's flashlight into a laser pointer to shoot with pinpoint accuracy. There's not much to it other than that, as like I said before, The Fall focuses more on its storyline and puzzles than anything else.The puzzles in game will keep you entertained, and you will stumble upon many 'aha!' moments during the course of the game. Sometimes the puzzles don't seem obvious, but it just takes a little ingenuity, and personally I don't find it that difficult.While The Fall has a incredibly interesting storyline, only 1/3 of it is actually in the game. As the first of 3 games, The Fall at its current state has a story and game long enough to occupy at most, 2-3 hours of your time. If you're fast enough you could probably buy it, finish it, and then refund it for absolutely nothing. I didn't, mainly because I took my time. The Fall won't entertain you for long, but it's good enough that you won't want your money back.Overall, if you want a game with a awesome story, this is for you. And the next 1-2 sequels."
,Recommended,290770,16832824,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Freyja,"This game is super fun, the puzzles are a little hard but the walkthrough is really helpful. The story is brilliant and I can not wait for the nest episode."
,Recommended,290770,16492414,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,jrmy,"There're a lot of things to like about the fall. The atmosphere, story and the puzzles were excellent. The combat was a little bit of a let-down, but not nearly enough to stop me from reccomending this game."
76561197998280544,Recommended,290770,16494614,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,FRESH MEAT,Great ♥♥♥♥ing Game ♥♥♥♥ing MasterpieceWorth the buy.11/10
,Recommended,290770,16496786,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,deemon,good story!:-)
,Recommended,290770,16499507,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Dr Bartleby,Short (about 2 hours) but enjoyable. Very atmospheric and good voicing.Shooting controls were a little cludgy on a controller.
,Recommended,290770,16500629,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,JohnofGilead,"A compelling sci-fi narrative packaged with fantastic sound design, voice acting and UI that help shape the world. The Fall excels enough at creating this interesting story and characters that you will eventually forget some of the bigger issues it has: esoteric puzzles which require leaps in logic, often inprecise precision controls and an unintuitive inventory system.Well worth playing."
,Recommended,290770,16504001,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Chronic72,"Cool Indie game. It's part 1 of a series and ends on a twist, but the story is really cool and the potential of the series is there."
,Not Recommended,290770,16533862,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Michael Scarn,"Middling puzzle/adventure game with ""morality"" choices and a ""tweest"" at the end that you see coming from the start of the game."
76561198206148728,Recommended,290770,26062700,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,brojoebigtoe,"I liked this game overall, but I'd like to see the puzzles make more sense in the next chapter.  By the end I found myself looking up what to do so I wasn't wandering around for an hour.  On the plus side the graphics are great, it runs well, and the combat reminds me of Blackthorne or Flashback (in a good way).  The story was also interesting, and I'm looking forward to seeing what happens next."
,Recommended,290770,13947390,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,>:3 Robo_Leader,"I loved the game's atmosphere. Aside from one extremely annoying puzzle about a flower, all of them were well constructed. The characters are interesting and likable.Its only downside is its length. It is extremely enjoyable, and I recommend it, but it is very short."
76561198071765220,Recommended,290770,25878949,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Squish,"I enjoyed it. The puzzles are a bit hard (hate incoming lol) but I really liked the story and combat system. I did feel an emotional connection with the protagonist, which is difficult in a short game. Bravo to the devs, can't wait to play the second one :D"
76561198053486643,Recommended,290770,25977121,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,John Smith,"Just a few hours to completion, and yet I felt satisfied at the end, and hungry for more story. Worth every penny :)"
,Recommended,290770,25987012,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Mr Pink,cool game! i'll get the sequel as well.
,Recommended,290770,26041696,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,BoredBird,"It was a fun little game, can't wait for the second!"
,Recommended,290770,26573895,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Heroic,great puzzler with great science fiction theme.
,Recommended,290770,26574707,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,ellietphonehome,"this is such a great story. I love it so much, and I can't wait for the others. You learn so much, and you really have to think about how it applies to our society. I think the graphics are amazing, and the storyline flows perfectly. Keep up the good work!"
76561198035366155,Recommended,290770,26640549,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,ScorpionWasp,"The strongest point of The Fall is, without a doubt, the writing. This is a superb Sci-Fi narrative, with the most engaging AI characters since Data from Star Trek. If you're into Sci-Fi, particularly Sci-Fi with darker, grittier themes, you absolutely have to play this game."
,Recommended,290770,28416023,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,PixelRush,"The Fall is an adventure game with a few 2D cover-shooter sections. You play as the A.I. of a power suit after your user has received a crtitical injury and is seeking medical attention. The atmostphere is amazing; very horror-esque and bleak, reminds me a lot of The Swapper and Portal, and the actual world the devs have built is really great and immersive. The puzzles were pretty creative and I enjoyed every moment of the game. Anyone who's a fan of adventure games or just wants a great indie story should definitely pick this up. It's also apparently getting a sequel (technically a part 2) in 2017, so be on the lookout for that.R.I.P awesome A.I. guy. You will be missed."
76561198027751093,Recommended,290770,28383093,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Flying_toast,"Very fun game, but shirt, interesting mechanics, controls could be slightly better. Very good story A.I. very well done."
,Recommended,290770,28154450,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,✪ PlayerParticle,"awesome Storyline, game could have been better. Nice game overall! Keep it up... waiting for part 2 :)"
76561198314022965,Recommended,290770,28166673,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,SigmaRiver,"Fun game, irratating at times. Had to look at the walkthrough multiple times. Filled with twist and turns."
,Recommended,290770,25979388,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,hassanyawar,This is one great sci-fi game. This game is a thriller. The environment this game provides is a little creepy but not in a horror games way. The story presented in this game is clear to the player the moment the game starts but this does not means that the story is without depth.This game has:- Story- Interesting Character Development- Puzzle Solving- Gunfights- Beatiful EvironmentNow waiting for the second part. A must play if you enjoy good story.
,Recommended,290770,23445627,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,dravid,"This game is good fun. Won't win any awards for graphics, the clunky sidescroll interface, but the indie vibe, storytelling and voice acting are top notch.  Music and puzzles both get a B as they are generally high quality but occasionally tedious.Worth more than the $9.99 I paid."
76561198235702360,Recommended,290770,23425596,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,GamingGalaxies,"Great game 8/10Loved the story albeit short it really flowed and made sense. I really enjoyed how everything was progressive. I just wish this story would finish up soon. Parts 2 and 3 haven't come out so far and I was wondering if I have to pay money for the subsequent titles or would they come with this game along with the music. Overall, great game loved it. Keep up the great work Over the Moon studios. Make more games like this."
,Recommended,290770,23236301,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Gamera,"This is a cut above the usual Kickstarter indie game. It's only about 3 hours long (if you're good at this kind of game) but those 3 hours are all good stuff.The game is basically a puzzler with a few pew pew bits that are mainly there just to add atmosphere or tension to certain parts of the story. Most of the game is exploring the levels and interacting with things, trying to figure out how parts fit together to solve the puzzles. The puzzles all have logical and clever solutions. And the puzzles don't seem out of place - they all seem like genuine obstacles to your goal rather than just put in the game for the sake of it.The game is very dark so the graphics are a bit minimalist but it's very effective for the atmosphere they're going for. The levels are 3D with a bit of depth in the background sometimes and some of the objects a bit more in the foreground, so it doesn't feel 2D. The voice acting is really good and surprising considering the budget the game was made on.The only thing I can criticise about the game is the interface. Your character usually stands with their back close to one edge of the screen, and when you turn around the screen zooms across to put your character on the other side. This is a bit annoying sometimes. The game involves a lot of aiming at things. You have to aim at things to examine them, interactive with, or to shoot them. You even have to wave your aim around just to discover things you can examine or interact with. But the cursor isn't drawn on the screen so sometimes if the invisible cursor is too close to your character the view will flip around as I described. The addition of a cursor would improve the interface immensely. When I started playing I kept trying to move the cursor to the edge of the screen to make the view zoom out so I could see more too. It doesn't work like that though. Most of the time you're a lot more zoomed in than you're used to with these kind of games, but you get used to it and stop noticing it after a while. Every time you shoot you lose the ability to examine or interact with objects until you hit a button that takes you out of shooting mode. I didn't see any reason for the shooting and examining modes to be any different. Shooting is done by clicking the mouse, and examining/interacting is done by holding down the shift key. So if there are different buttons for each action why do you have to switch modes to do them? Interacting things should also be done with the right mouse button instead of holding down shift. It's a bit too awkward. There are also a couple of known bugs I ran into, but nothing that set more back more than closing and opening the game again.You do get used to the strange interface though and it doesn't make the game bad, it could just use improvement.The game is only part 1 of a larger story. There's no ETA on part 2 yet but it's not one of those games I would recommend holding off on until all parts are available. Part 1 is still a good compelling story by itself. I've gone through over 500 science fiction short stories in the past year alone(thanks Librivox)but I haven't come across the ideas in this game before. I'm looking forward to seeing the ideas the devs come up with for the sequel."
,Recommended,290770,23128798,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Newton,"Controls take a bit of getting used to.Other than that, it's a must play."
76561198047260054,Recommended,290770,23369079,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,von Hötzendorf,Still waiting on chapter 2.....
,Recommended,290770,23219439,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,JerkDouglas,"This game is very very well-written. And I write things, so I know. I wrote some stuff on a napkin in a restaraunt and this game is way better than that. But it's not better than what I wrote on my arm yesterday, though. That was real good but it got rubbed off so I mean you can't see it or anything.Just buy the stupid game already!"
,Recommended,290770,21679038,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,MCCash4Gold,"Oh sheezy, deezy"
,Recommended,290770,11943599,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Ikari Shinji,"My all time favourite indie game. Its a simple side scroller puzzle game, with short bursts of combat here and there, and its absolutely outSTANDING.You pay as an Autonomous Robotic Interface Device (ARID) on board a Mark-7 Combat suit that has crash landed on a mysterious planet. Your piolet (the actual human inside the suit) is unresponsive, and it is your duty to get them medical aid. However, you have no idea where you are, and there seems to be very little signs of life around you.Its a puzzle game, so that parts pretty self explanatory. You need to navigate your way through this unknown environment, and as you progress, the story just gets more and more convoluted as the puzzles get more and more difficult to solve.One of my favourite things about the game is your characters attitude. You'll see what I mean, they are just fantastic.No spoilers here, but trust me when I say, whatever you THINK is happening... its not.Play the game.Save your piolet.But remember to follow the rules.You must ALWAYS follow the rules."
,Recommended,290770,21868863,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Rabid,"So good.Ai battelsuit with a dead man stuck inside it negotiationg a broken chain of Asimov""s-Law beuracracy"
,Recommended,290770,21781062,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Razzreal,"great game. Short, little one directional,but hey I still enjoyed the story."
,Not Recommended,290770,20967273,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Sha|)ini0,"Nope, sorry! This is a classic example of a game that doesn't know what it wants to be. A point-and-click adventure where you can't just ""point and click"" and an amateur combat system ruin what was actually a good story.Pros:-Interesting narrative, graphics, ambience, and voice actingCons:-Poor controls (the design especially showcases its weaknesses during the ""boss fight"" towards the end)-Unnecessary and pointless combat mechanic that feels tacked on rather than fun or useful-Some incredibly illogical puzzles that require brute forcing all inventory items on all possible interactive points. Checking up on a walkthrough online is highly recommended if you don't wanna waste too much time (transforming a gold coin into a wire?! ....seriously?!)It's almost too obvious that this game wasn't created and implemented by game designers. If the gameplay is not fixed and focused, I will most probably just watch a Let's Play session of The Fall 2 for the story bits."
76561198137188458,Recommended,290770,21735864,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Ariarovin,"A really interesting game! The puzzles are challenging and really require you to put yourself in ARID's mindset & think outside the box to solve them.The voice acting is excellent; the characters and atmosphere draw you in very quickly, setting up a wonderful story. It's on the short side, but it's definitelly worth the price."
76561198035452392,Recommended,290770,21829855,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Shagmeister,Great Atmosphere! Interesting story! Awesome voice acting! Compelling in some occasions and frustrating in others. Some puzzles are a little farfetched and some things aren't that logic in terms of a good narrative (Like when ARID  voluntarily goes into the turret's field of view... this is not much of a spoiler... you're pretty much forced to do it). But over all pretty good! It's worth the play! I enjoyed it and if you like your adventure games... this is quite a good one!
,Recommended,290770,21828535,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,LOUI5,"Very interesting game!The concept is innovative, the story is captivating, and the gameplay is more fun than what you might expect from a puzzle solving hybrid game."
76561198138630203,Recommended,290770,21841787,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Abraham Lincoln,fantastic game in my opinion :)
,Recommended,290770,21886491,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Kral Sumavy,"I have very mixed feelings about the Fall. As a sum of its parts, I liked it. However, many of these parts are severely flawed.Let's start withthe good stuff. The story is intriguing and the sole element that kept me motivated to keep playing. It deals with some interesting moral issues such as to what extent should AI be allowed to act independently. The writing is also top notch, and gives the game a classic sci-fi flavor.The bad stuffis more abundant however. The controls are clunky (played on a controller), the puzzle elemnents are dull and sometimes illogical, the character models are uninspired, gameplay time is short (about 3hrs), and the story ends abruptly. I recommend to get this on a discount. Good pick for fans of sci-fi."
76561198035946000,Recommended,290770,25661478,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,GolovA,"Very short, but sweet."
76561198013203874,Recommended,290770,25362942,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Lamorah,"A very good Sci-fi adventure game with good graphics, controls and audio.The Fall has a solid atmosphere and a good story with a very good plot twist.Audio is especially very well implemented and enhancing the atmosphere a lot.Voice overs and the soundtrack are just top notch.I heard there will be a sequel and already waiting for it."
,Recommended,290770,25544135,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,COinOPtranSplant,"This little gem is fun and entertaining. A nice combination of puzzler and side scrolling shooter. The  voice work and story kept me riveted the entire play through with my building questions ultimatley answered at the climax. If you are into something short and sweet that can leave a lasting impression, The Fall is a great combination of fine storytelling and gameplay."
,Recommended,290770,25415198,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Anton,Shower in fish guts and learn to lie.
76561197970728391,Recommended,290770,25442784,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Old Man 678,"Pretty cool game. When I first started it, wasn't sure what to think. Controls were a little wierd and it was side scrolling game, but after about 5 minutes, I got into right quick.You are the Mark 7 A.R.I.D., which is an AI controlled suit that carries a human host. You fall from the sky and end up in an underground test chamber of sorts. Your AI has one mission and that is to keep the human it is carrying alive at all costs.Your weapon is malfunctioning and you have to use the flashlight to show areas of interest. As you get deeper in the game, you encounter a couple of different characters in the game of which you don't actually know what their agenda is. You gain new capabilities and unlock a pretty crazy little story with a wierd ending. LOL. Some of the puzzles/challenges you must complete don't make sense sometimes as what you think you would use at one place actually is used somewhere else, but try everything and eventually you will get there.Overall, pretty fun game and with some complicated challenges. Took me about 7 hours to beat."
76561198050434471,Recommended,290770,25376847,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,celbrion,"Who should play:- People who likes sci-fi stories- People who likes atmospheric games- People who likes side-scrolling action & adventure games- People who has patience to solve puzzles (which some of them are irrevelant) in action gamesThe Fall is an unexpected little sci-fi gem. It is a 3d side-scroller game which combines adventure and action elements.The interesting part is, of course, the story of the game. We are controlling a space combat suit, programmed with a sophisticated AI named ARID. The directive of the ARID, and the purpose of the game is, to save the human pilot inside the suit who is critically injured after a sky fall.Despite being a cliche AI theme, the progression and the dialogs are well-done. We are trapped in a robot facility which is gone wild. There are no humans, only some corpses. Robots behave a little crazy. It is almost as a robot asylum. The music and the sound effects also fuel this dark atmosphere.The main NPCs, Caretaker and the Domesticon Mainframe are certainly interesting characters. And yes, they are AIs bounded by certain rules and directives. While Domesticon chooses to bend the rules as much as possible, Caretaker is very ridig with them. So it is not difficult to guess who the antogonist of the story is.The progression is somehow ironic: as our protogonist AI Arid becomes more human with its decisions and sacrificies, the more ""faulty"" it becomes.This is a short game. It has some flaws: controls are not implemented very cleverly. When you change your direction, there is no animation but instant movement, and I find this a little ugly. Some puzzles are irrevelant. Yet it is a nice and interesting game. I am eager to see what will happen on the following story of the ARID."
,Recommended,290770,25458536,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,double[] array1 = { },recommend for indie game
,Recommended,290770,25471035,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Tough Kid,"♥♥♥♥ing way to make me want to buy the next game as soon as it comes out.Seriously, release it. I love this."
76561198322454275,Recommended,290770,25445853,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,TheManime,"This game IS sufficiently good and enjoyable, with instigating beginning, mysterious atmosphere and simple controlling.This game IS NOT an amazing experience, losing the early mystery and becoming very predictable, and the puzzle factor was very inconsistent.Although I STILL RECOMMEND THE GAME, for me personally the disappointment came with the puzzles, that were all over the place. You will find all kinds of puzzles albeit the game being short, some puzzles are smooth, logical and satisfying, others are boring, absurd and unnecessary."
76561198067121286,Recommended,290770,21030824,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,pablogps86,"I enjoyed this game, but it is SO short. Almost like the first part of the real game. In my case, it took 4 hours with some mild use of a walkthrough.The story is interesting and plays with some ideas I really enjoy, as free-will, identity, and so on.This game is mainly about puzzles. There is a bit of combat, but that is mostly to break the monotony of the gameplay (simple and effective).In short, everything works as intended. The atmosphere is acomplished and most challenges are fair. Only real drawback? It is too short. So look for a deal and get it (at this very moment you can buy it for 3€ at a 70% discount)."
76561198072200682,Recommended,290770,24143883,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,LeCrazyBIATCH,"I really liked this game, but sometimes it was really hard to figure out all the riddles. But  a fun story. The controlls were messed up sometimes,  but it is not a fast game so its mostly just annoying"
76561197970542629,Not Recommended,290770,20884076,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,jlv,"I wasn't able to finish this game because it continually locks up within menus.  The developer acknowledged the issue months ago, but seems to only care about creating and selling the sequel.  I could understand not being able to work out complex problems, adding support for controllers, whatever.  But this is simple menu navigation!  You go into a menu and can't escape back out, forcing you to end task on the game.  I worked with it for a while, but now I'm at a point that I can't continue through the story because of it."
76561197980156403,Recommended,290770,30694031,Posted: 23 March,all,Csta,"I find myself on Google a lot with this game, which kinda spoils the immersive atmosphere. Good game though. 7.5/10"
76561197970403228,Recommended,290770,20192399,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,FreekyB,"A fun 4-hour playthrough. The story is original sci-fi even if the theme isn't. That was the best part. It had my curiosity piqued from the beginning and I'm really looking forward to the sequel. I just hope they fix the clumsy controls and focus on making more of the puzzles intuitive/intellectual instead of the pixel-hunting, frustrating kind."
,Not Recommended,290770,20223477,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Sharvath,"Disclaimer: I don't play many adventure games.I can appreciate the framework of this story. You're an A.I. within a combat suit tasked with saving your unconscious human pilot. You've crash-landed on an unknown planet with no interplanetary comms. You're able to find one member of your pilot's team, but she's dead and her A.I. refuses to provide mission information; it would seem your mission was top-secret and your pilot is operating on a need-to-know basis. It soon becomes clear that you're ""malfunctioning"" and will justify breaking protocol when it's deemed necessary in order to save your pilot. Oh, and you've landed near a plant which repairs or ""recycles"" faulty drones! You find yourself under constant evaluation by the facility's A.I. systems. Fun.Some of the dialog in this game is intriguing, but overall the story falls flat. There's a final conflict, but it provides no sense of closure and you're left carrying out the motions to receive a cutscene which only raises more questions. Cue fade to black and ""To Be Continued..."". Yep, this game is really ""Part 1"" in a planned trilogy.The most damning thing here is the gameplay itself. The control scheme (with mouse and keyboard) is incredibly awkward and never really stops feeling clunky. Running and exploring are two separate gameplay modes. While running, the prompts to interact with objects aren't visible. By default, you must hold the right mouse button to stay in explore mode. Thankfully there's an option to make this a toggle... though later you get a gun, which itself is an alternate explore mode, swapping out your flashlight for the gun's laser sight. While the laser sight is active, you can't interact with objects. *sigh*While in explore mode and near an interactive object, you must highlight the ""interact"" icon with your flashlight. Sometimes you'll find yourself standing too close to interact, so you have to shuffle back and forth until the icon changes color. Once you've highlighted the icon, you'll hold Shift to open a menu system which is navigated with your movement keys (WASD). As you explore the game world, you'll pick up a lot of objects which will appear in this menu. This part of the control scheme is fine; at least it's not some weird drag-and-drop menu interface like adventure games of old.As for the puzzles, they're frustrating without being particularly hard. Objects in the game world often aren't interactive until needed. You'll find yourself backtracking a lot, only to realize that the item you needed was right next to the puzzle; it just hadn't been visible until you triggered it.I'd recommend watching a Let's Play; the game is short and some commentary would make it more entertaining. This one might be worth playing through if the sequels are better, but as of Jan 2, 2016, (19 months after release) there's no firm release date in sight for Part 2."
,Recommended,290770,20266827,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,emredog,"Nice story, beautiful atmosphere, simple but cool graphics. Controls could be better, but the game is playable considering the small amount of action. There are also some (few) glitches. But I definitely recommend it."
76561198003084562,Recommended,290770,20241728,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,742,"good story-heavy adventure game with layers of meaning (some of them exceedingly deep, I think; we'll see in part two), clever puzzles with internally consistant logic. smart interesting plot with a few layers."
76561198024754240,Recommended,290770,20236882,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Steve-o,One of the best sidescrollers I've ever played.
76561197972736995,Recommended,290770,20718820,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Vitruvian Stick Figure,"I purchased this game under the impression that it was a Metroidvania. It's most definitely not. Do not buy it for that reason.However, the plotline is brilliant; and I very much look forward to the sequel. I beat it in a single evening, but my enjoyment was worth the money."
,Recommended,290770,20675130,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Useless,It's Okay
76561198041930355,Recommended,290770,20606187,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Bice-,"Really enjoyed this game. Almost like a point and click adventure with some simple combat thrown in. The puzzles were very logical and seemed to take just the right amount of time to solve before i got bored. The only time I got really stuck was when an item didn't appear until i'd read a note a second time. The combat is pretty generic but i don't believe it is the main draw in a game like this and to it's credit it keeps the game flowing and the boss fight is very enjoyable.What really kept me engaged though was the fantastic story and interactions between ARID and the other characters. Obviously i wont spoil anything but it's definitely worth a few hours of your life to see this game though to the end.On the subject of the ""end"", it was my only major issue with the game. The issue being this is only part of the game! I thought I had bought a full game as im sure many other people have thought as well. I'm not too bothered as I got it on sale but maybe the title should read 'The Fall: Episode 1' for clarity.In conclusion I'm looking forward to part 2 if the price tag ain't too high!!!"
,Recommended,290770,20624374,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Prapor Kon',"Nice concept, dark atmosphere, story full of doubts and interesting characters, but way too short, on sale its good purchse."
,Recommended,290770,21518058,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Wonderous1,Loved the storyline behind this game. i wont spoil it for people buying this but they really created a charater out of a automated system. The problem solving in this game can be somewhat daunting to people who don't like those games that much such as me but the eureka moment's where everything fits together is pretty satisfying. If you want to play a story i would totally buy this game! Please make a second fall because the story can't just end like that!!
76561197988129966,Recommended,290770,21643492,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Bosco,"The Fall, first impressions, play-through. The Fall, is a puzzle platformer, great narrative with nice art style. I have not completed this yet, but read that this is a short game, wich is ok. Short games can be good. I have also read that the ending is considered to be a cliff hanger, wich is ok by me, I can take it. The in game inventory and action mechanics takes a little time to get use to.  I would say that this game is better played with a game pad. Check out the videos below for a look at the style and basic mechanics of the game.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLoGmtFN_SeEF6LFllpbz6tS8wHjSNTEyW"
76561198089593851,Recommended,290770,24691709,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Sub-0NT,"An old school 2D scroller with very nice 3D graphics. A enjoyed it very much, definitely a proper buy with only one back draw, it's a bit too short. Buy it, if you like the old style scroller from the 90s, you won't be disappointed I promise!"
,Recommended,290770,24686639,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Diana,"Needed a tutorial to pass, and is an relatively old game.Ends on a cliff hanger claiming to be continued. No episode 2 yet.They have a blog with a post from january, this year of 2016, stating development is coming along on part 2, so.. i guess wait and see"
76561198007420544,Not Recommended,290770,24523774,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,orge121,"This game plays as a standard myst style puzzle game. Walk around, pick up anything you can, smash everything you have against anything in your way tell you find the key. I gave up after having to go to the walkthrough for the 4th time becuase the solution made no sense. I guess I am just not in a puzzle mood right now.On a plus side, good ambiance."
76561198154494435,Recommended,290770,24672391,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,vixni♥,niec twist u got der<announces a sequel<waits 2 years
,Recommended,290770,24670978,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,deniboj,"Not bad, not bad. Certainly worth my 0,99 Euros :)"
,Recommended,290770,24665504,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Alexis Kennedy,"Come for the looks, stay for the story. The atmosphere takes hold gradually, but then it really takes hold. The dialogue between the Administrator and the Caretaker is when it clicked for me. I stayed up late to finish this in a deadline week, and I don't regret it. The mood gets under your skin.It's true the puzzles are on the hard side, but I used a walkthrough when I got stuck, and enjoyed the ride. It's true the ending is abrupt, but it also makes dramatic sense. It's true it's short, but I like short games, and it's a beautiful game at a cheap price."
,Recommended,290770,25001374,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,AMEN BROTHERRRRR,One of those games that sends a shiver up your spine. Words don't do it justice.10/10
,Recommended,290770,24489803,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,[NUMA] Gunsentry,Loved it cant wait till they complete part 2. They said might be Fall of 2016!
76561197970283836,Not Recommended,290770,24472431,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Frogurt,"The narrative and voice acting are very good. I'm on the fence about recommending it though... the controls are awkward and inconsistent in several ways, and the game suffers from the Adventure Game syndrome of interacting with random elements until something works, and several times they won't even then.You *will* get stuck and resort to consulting walkthroughs, unless you can intuitively figure out that kicking an acidic mushroom will loosen a support that drops a vaccum tube over a baby crib... well, point is that several of the puzzles don't even make sense after you look them up. Still, I would pick up the sequel if it was on sale."
76561197984150165,Recommended,290770,24608595,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Jammer,"Fun and challenging (sometimes a bit too much due to some obtuse thinking required). Most importantly, though, the story is excellent. I cannot say more than what other reviews have. If it's on sale, grab it ASAP. Even when i's not, I STRONGLY recomend purchasing it if you like puzzle solving games (and, perhaps, even if you don't)."
76561197984073326,Recommended,290770,24605344,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Libra,"Overall fun game.After completion, I am disappointed to find out this is only a first episode. I would rather have waited and played through the entire store."
,Recommended,290770,24607468,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,fearguyQ,"Let me say now that this is a good game and well worth the price tag but not for the reasons I, or the developers, seemed to hope for.As far as the ""being the AI"" element goes the developers did pretty good. I was looking forward to playing an emotionless computer that became more and more human as the game went on but to be honest the dialouge and voice acting gave her a personality from the beginning. There definately was evolution but not as much as I was hoping for.The game style was unexpected, but that is primarily my fault. I didn't look much into this game before playing it. It's way heavier on the puzzle end than the adventure end by a lot. It's basically a sidescrolling escape-the-room game with some action put in. That isn't bad though. Just a quality of the game.Now the story, in my opinion, really wasn't THAT innovative and nor was the game as a whole. It was adverstised as a super deviant, unique, off the beaten path, indie game and it...sort of delivered. All the elements were there to make it that game but it just missed the mark on most of it's  attempts at being innovative and awe inspiring. It's just not that unique or mind bending. The story is still truely good though. Just more normal than I was anticipating.Over all I'll give it a healthy 7.5/10. It's a good game, it just missed the mark on the innovation and playing as a computer aspect of the game. It's well worth 10 bucks. If it were a 20 dollar indie game I'd be more iffy on it. But for 10 It is definately worth it!"
,Recommended,290770,24590855,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Lightning,"Great game. Minor hiccup; it crashed for me twice after the final boss fight, but i managed to finish the story. can't wait for the sequel. Absolutely worth playing."
76561198280610549,Recommended,290770,24359084,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,ja307020,"Absolutely flawless story, amazing voice acting, and characters whose struggle for (or against) self-awareness is genuinely painful to watch.The Fallis a fairly short and linear game, but one worth investing in. Looking forward to the sequels!"
,Recommended,290770,24351643,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,peppermintl2k5,"The Fall.  A short indie science fiction side scrolling puzzle game with occasional shooting. The first episode apparently.Pros:Sensational look. The Fall has a wonderful look and feel. It takes place in a long-abandoned droid facility that's gone to sh*t. You play an AI on board a combat suit designed for a human pilot. For reasons unknown you've crashed at this facility and start the game seeking urgent medical attention for your injured human pilot. The writing and voicework is tip top. Engaging story I wanted to stick with. Shooting mechanics are pretty good. Clever game that manages to make you feel like an AI that wants to disobey but is bound by its rules.Cons:I didn't find the puzzles especially illuminating. You traverse the game acquiring various items and interacting with various select objects. It's often not obvious what you have to do so I just scrolled through my items at interaction points hoping one would initiate something. Maybe that's intended but for a puzzle game I would've preferred something a bit more cognent. If you can get through the game without referring to a guide then you have more patience than me. Given the shooting was pretty fun I would've enjoyed more shooting/platforming.Overall:Definitely worth it. Really dig the look and again the story, pacing and performances were very high quality. I've confirmed the next episode is still coming and will be buying."
76561198259446899,Recommended,290770,25810297,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,SonOfKyuss69,"Awesome game. Shows that it is possible to bring something completely innovative to the table. In terms of gameplay it's a mix between a classic 2D platformer + puzzle/quest game. That combination, along with the story and artwork make this a unique game.Loved every second of it and looking forward for part 2."
,Recommended,290770,25738170,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Asaph,"Very atmospheric, Liked the puzzles. Nothing too hard to figure out.Kinda wish there was more to the story at times.General a nice relief if you want some easy going puzzle solving with a light story."
76561198143106848,Recommended,290770,25736998,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,mariajawl,"Pros: Good story (not revolutionary but certainly still fresh), great atmosphere, reasonably challenging (maybe a bit too easy)Cons: Steering can be inconvenient at pointsOther: It is strongly metroidvania-ish (which I like), it takes little time to finish (which I'm also OK with though I have to admit I didn't pay full price).This is really my kind of game. I love dark sci-fi with a little moral dilemma and The Fall meets all the conditions. It reminds me a little of the Lone Survivor just not as twisted and without quasi-retro graphics."
,Recommended,290770,27084174,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,erubiru,I've always dreamed of being a Mark-7 combat suit trying to save its pilot tbh. What can be better than taking domestic tests and confronting the Caretaker about proving your primary function while in rush to get to the medical facility? Onlyrealising in the end that I haven't had a pilot to save and commit these acts for.
76561198054593098,Recommended,290770,26427858,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ZachZachAttack,"This game is awesome. I've finished a playthrough on this on my Youtube channel. Please check it out to see some gameplay. Audio isn't the best because I'm still figuring out my recording software and what it likes. Nonetheless, this game so far is awesome. Please show the studio some support and purchase this game. But of course, watch my gameplay first to see if it interests you.https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6VJw1d2r4E9VSW1jYSOnFQ"
,Recommended,290770,26499662,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Original Fluff,"#DeepStory will make you into a philosphy major, controls will cost you a keyboard & mouse, and the rest is just a bonus."
,Recommended,290770,15676016,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,FuzzyPones,"It's different but doesn't have anything groundbreaking gameplay wise.Don't get me wrong the game mechancs are solid and work just fine to fulfill it's job.The story however is really something you play these games for.Although, some twists could have been easily forseen and sometime i wished i really would have more choices at hand or even the possibility to dig deeper. However it's certainly well written.I had my fun with it while some achievements can be really misleading.You should give it a go!"
76561198009870718,Recommended,290770,15734701,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,markerOne,"Had a lot of games to play and picked this one at random. And boy I am glad I did! An exemplary example of good narration coupled with puzzles that will force you to think out of the box! The game is short but warrants another replay if you missed some of the dialogues.In all, I am eagerly anticipating The Fall 2! Btw, I never expected a kickstarter game to be this good - this game has everything going for it."
,Recommended,290770,15663301,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Rail,"Very similar to Out of this World and Flashback:  Quest for Identity from the 90s.  Pretty short game run with a ""to be continued"" ending, but enjoyable trying to figure out the puzzles and tasks."
76561198006653128,Recommended,290770,15647892,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,ssfsx17,"Dark, brooding, atmospheric, semi-horror game with a few action sequences. The story is perfectly crafted so that you get just the right amounts of it at all times, and the puzzles are full of dark humor. Unfortunately, the ending leaves off on a big cliffhanger, so you are only getting 1/3rd of the story."
76561198048498273,Not Recommended,290770,15640731,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,SonofaGlitch,"So, a part of me wants to recommendthe fallbecause it actually does contain an interesting premise and a smart marriage of gameplay mechanics to story while having a strong sense of presentation.But then I recall that this game is essentially incomplete, and mis-titled. It should be called, ""The Fall: Episode 1 - An Over The Moon Games Series""See,The Fallis - despite the Metroidvania appearance - a point and click adventure game more than anything else. Which means that the action game elements are heavily de-emphasized and underdeveloped, while the greater burden of the game's enjoyment ends up in the story and tone department.Which is fine, because the story does actually go to some interesting places and the tone is fitting and smart. So the game actually is enjoyable, until it just stops all of a sudden out of nowhere, right when it shouldn't. Basically, this is a prologue to a much more complete story than anything else.The devs seem to think that they're creating a smaller version of Mass Effect. That they're telling a full complete story inThe Fall#1 here, that will be continued in a sequel which may or may not link directly with your save file, but will tell another full and complete story as part of a larger arc of a trilogy, that when examined together will be an even grander narrative.Except, and here's the important part - the story told hereISN'T COMPLETE. It ends very suddenly with a reveal after what could essentially be considered the game's inciting incident and initial complication. On a story diagram chart, this doesn't even get to a middle body, let alone a climax, denoument or coda. Without any of those elements, the story cannot be considered self contained in the slightest, and worse, this means the game's creators obviously don't understand how story structure works in the larger context on which they're trying to tell one.It comes down to this: if this game had marketed itself as an episodic adventure with another part along the way - this would be fine. In an episodic game series like Telltale likes to do,The Fallwould be a fine first episode, and the fact that it leaves off with a feeling of incompleteness would be acceptable due to the expectation that more is on the way. But since this is sold as a complete game, with any sequels also being sold as complete games, it must be judged as a complete game.AndThe Fallabsolutely does not live up to that standard.So, buyer beware.The Fallmay be worth it as an introduction to a more complete episodic series down the road if its sequels proves to be excellent and present a sense of completeness, but as a standalone title be prepared to get blue balled pretty hard here."
,Recommended,290770,13889223,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Overheal,"I feel like some of the games puzzles are unclear, but I'm typically bad at puzzle types like this. I never got anywhere in Myst. Not even a little.That said, I gladly played this title purely for the story and used a walkthrough when I was thoroughly stumped. It was gripping. It gave me chills and goosebumps. This little piece is a wonderful example of science fiction."
76561198041270074,Recommended,290770,13891245,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Nothing Equation,"Seriously enjoyed this game. The story had me till the very last second. My only problem was finding the right materials for everything but thats just because i suck at games like that :P. If you havent just by the video or description, buy this game now!"
76561198055718497,Recommended,290770,13891950,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Pikmin Captain,"I strongly recommend this game.Very unique, well written story.Aestetics complement the theme of the writing.Full voice acting and smooth animations make this game really shine.Old ""point-&-click"" adventure puzzles meets ""modern indie 2.5D"" combat.Logic of the puzzles is very fun and makes sense once you solve it.Controls are a little cluncky on keyboard, but better on a controller.Combat is very stright forward and simple.It's just Part One, so be aware of that, it leaves off on a cliffhanger.Overall this is an excellent game, particulary in narritive.I can't wait for Part Two!"
,Recommended,290770,14039961,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,6 Little Eggs,"For those who know me know that I am a stickler for a good story and in my mind that is all that really matters in a game. With a exception to smaller side elements such as game weight on disk, graphics, gameplay style, and sound. Now normally I do not like horror games as they spend to much time playing up the horror and gore element of things like jumpscares and vicera. I feel this game was truly an exception for the following reasons.1. It was a 2D sidescroller with horror elements and very well done sound effects  to keep me on the edge of my seat. In this game the developers were able to get the key aspect of horror that most developers dont and that is subtlety. While there was a constant theme of death and dispair (which comes with about 90% of game titles these days anyway) the key timing of certan audio ques was astounding.2. The game was small on disk but that did not compromise the depth of story telling that was done here. This was reenforced with a small realistic set of charecters for the genre. Which I feel is not something that most games anymore can pull off well especially triple A titles.3. The voice acting was very good for the charecters protrayed and the choise of dialouge was strong enough to provide the growth that was needed over the length of the story in these charecters.All in all 10/10 I would most definitely play this game again and I look forward to purchasing and seeing what direction the developers will take this story in when part 2 when it is released."
,Recommended,290770,11757026,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Markus is bad at video games,"The Fall is advertised on Kicksterter as a three part trilogy. This is part one of the trilogy. I don't know if parts two and three will come as updates, DLC, or new games entirely.The Linux port is fantastic. I haven't tried a PS3 controller, but it works fine with a 360 controller. Mouse and Keyboard controls are decent as well.I'm very VERY picky when it comes to 2D platformers, and I really enjoyed this game. The amount of detail that went into the environment, the asthetic of the game, the story, it was all amazing. It was rather short, but it's only $10. Well worth it in my opinion.My only complaint is that the game seems to intercept global keybinds, so taking screenshots is difficult, and you can't tab out unless you're in a menu.EDIT: This is my pick for game of the year 2014."
76561197967571077,Recommended,290770,13965786,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,The_Ring-Bearer,"This 2d side scroller is essentially a point and click adventure game with some shooting elements that break it up a bit that sometimes feel slightly too hard. Yet the checkpoints are ususally fair enough that it is not much of a problem.As an adventure/puzzle game, its puzzles range the gambit of plot advancing clever to requiring me to pull out the gamefaqs. None the less, this game is an enjoyable short experience and one that I would recommend.The story, dialog, and the bleak world ARID finds herself (itself?) in are the real draws here. A notable plot/game mechanic is that many of ARID's abilities are locked behind logic gates that require you to subvert her own directives in order to fulfill her ultimate goal (Prime Directive) of saving her unconscious and in critical condition's pilot life. This leads to a rather ominous progression that was enjoyable to watch as she moves about a bleak and ruined world that I want to learn more about.This is a short game, only about 3 hours long as its only the first episode, however I very much look forward to seeing how this story will end."
76561197997404567,Recommended,290770,13968012,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Sleepy Eric,"10/10 will play again.The Fall as everyone else has said by now is one of the best experiences (at least in my opinion) to come out of a video game in awhile. ONE OF. It's not the top one but is probably top ten IF not top 5. AnywayThe game isn't atrociously impossible yet still challenging at least where the puzzles are concerned. The combat isn't all that difficult, take cover, shoot, stealth destroy droids and take their energy for yourself, camo when necessary, etc etc. The puzzles are creative. (Especially the baby one) And the game is about 3 hours long depending on how quickly you complete puzzles. The dark story coupled with the foreboding atmosphere are the best qualities of the game and really sell the game. Oh did I mention that A.I are awesome and scary at the same time.Not much else I can say about the game without getting into spoilers so go try it out its fun, requires you to think and starts out poking you like a younger sibling trying to get arise out of you to full on curb stomping you by the end.Enjoy"
,Not Recommended,290770,13921701,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,MrPhil,"I wanted to like this game. I was a Kickstarter Backer and loved the premises of the game. But, my gut response is: Terrible Game. A lot of the puzzles are completely arbitrary. The graphics are great, the voice acting is great, the story is interesting, but you will find yourself just trying all the options because nothing make any sense. That ruins it for me.The design is better than pancakes made out of sawdust and topped with gravel."
,Recommended,290770,10302820,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,BL/R_SN | Wintermute,"I played a little, but what can I say as a first impression. Graphics and sound (including voices) is good and atmospheric... Story, so far looking good. The only thing is strangely awfull in this game is control - it feels awful and unconvinient to play with Xbox 360 gamepad... aiming is to sensetive and if you go to high with aim the suit just turns around - sometimes it takes like a minute to aim something (and aiming is a part of exploring BTW)... and movement, well the suit tends to move backwards. Dear developers, please do something with controls and add control options - for us to have opportunity to setup controls"
,Not Recommended,290770,13936571,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,An_Onion,"This game has great promise. Great atmosphere, great acting, decent gameplay. However, it is short. Very short. Like, under three hours to complete short. This is an ""episode 1"" of 3. If the other two episodes are as good, it will be a great game and I'll revise my review. But... If they charge $10 per episode, it's honestly not worth it."
76561198047699890,Recommended,290770,14033573,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Dr. Zeus,"Simply put, a great game.Wait, what's that? You want me to tell you why?Oh, alright then. Here we go.PROS:Just about every puzzle was sensible, but far from brainless. Granted, I don't play a lot of adventure games, so I might not be the greatest judge of difficulty.The atmosphere was tense and dark, but it wasn't really a ""scary"" game. I'm someone who still has trouble playing Luigi's Mansion, so this was a huge plus.It's story is definitely a high point. It touches on AI ethics, the three rules of robotics, and free will. If you're a fan of Isaac Asimov's short stories, or Science Fiction in general, you'll almost definitely enjoy it. (Side note, if you enjoy this game and haven't read any of Asimov's short stories, definitely check them out.)Oh, and the writing and voice acting are pretty great. And the story has great pacing. Seriously, the story's good.CONS:It's kinda short. It took me 3 hours to play through it, and I might go back and play it again to clear the rest of the achievements. The game never drags, though, so it was three really good hours of gameplay.And, honestly, that's about it.This is the first game in a trilogy, so there are two more to look forward to. It's definitely worth getting, even at its normal price."
,Recommended,290770,14036743,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,JousterL,"Unique gameplay with a rather fun story. Interaction menu takes a little getting used to, but once you do it feels pretty natural. Definitely enjoyed it, although there isn't that much replay value. Wish Episode 2 was out already!"
,Recommended,290770,13836937,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Talismonger,"Interesting dark sci-fi story line, which actually seems fresh. (hard to do with a story line in a game)  King's Questy point & click exploration/puzzle solving combined with periodic 2-D sidescrolling shoot-em-up.  Interesting game well worth a look if you enjoy any of the above mentioned game types or stories."
76561197971206509,Recommended,290770,14175304,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Mr Woodchuck,"Great storyline and addictive gameplay, relatively short (completed in 4 hours) but no story padding or excessive time wasting with puzzles and combat scenes.  Love it! Can't wait for the rest of the trilogy!"
76561198052347249,Recommended,290770,13974735,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Archileus,LOVED THIS GAME!
,Recommended,290770,13635755,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ptyx,Adventure with a very Banksian feel. It's very short.
,Recommended,290770,13637954,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Everfire,"I've found this game to be an invigorating experience. It's engaging, to say the least. The story will draw you in, the puzzles can make you scratch your head and slap yourself for derping about, and the combat is... well, it's not difficult, but it too is entertaining. All in all, I had a blast, and frankly, I would suggest this game to anyone who enjoys a good adventure."
76561198029208963,Recommended,290770,13638852,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,TheCakeIsALie,"The reason i am writing this review is that i feel this game deserves a bit more attention. Here's my personal opininion.+ good game mechanics+ interesting story+ nice puzzles+ atmosphere (soundtrack is also good)+ good animations (with an exception, mentioned below)- Combat could be better (more complex maybe)- Animation when getting hit in some occasions is not as good as it could.I should also mention that this game is only episode 1 and the duration of it is small (3-5 hours), but its price is fair.I'd give 9/10."
76561198051624263,Recommended,290770,14411707,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Secret Asian Man {Trumar},"Pros: Excellent story, pacing, and atmosphere. It's a good length, has great characters that work within the universe, and has even more on the way!Cons: Some puzzles are a little obtuse, & the combat isn't the best.This is a must-buy for anyone that enjoys adventure games. Comprable to ""the Swapper"" in atmosphere and pacing, and with an amazingly engaging story, this is simply a fantastic game."
76561198040843843,Recommended,290770,14413315,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,im a bird so fuck you,"The Fall is a sort of hybrid puzzle-shooter that alternates between point-and-click style manipulation of the environment and side-scrolling shoot outs with groups of enemy robots. While the puzzles are inventive while being largely logical and the combat is simplistic while still capable of overwhelming an unprepared player, both of them end up being mostly filler, padding out the real meat of the game which is the story.And what a story it is. The exploration of the nature of artificial intelligences, the constraints and allowances of their programming, and the evolution of an independent nature is handled in a way that is both sympathetic yet distinctly alien in a way that few manage, ARID and the side characters presented and developed with amazing nuance without being just humans made of metal. Anyone with any interest in AI stories from Asimov to Portal should at least check this out, as while definitely short it is well worth the price."
76561198017980617,Recommended,290770,14413659,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Filth,"The Fall tells a grim and compelling story about the struggles of artificial intelligences to fulfill their respective purposes within the confines of their protocols. Not to say it's without laughs. There is some environmental humour in the problem solving and the mainframe is pretty witty.The game is best described as an adventure game with some simple combat mechanics. Most of the puzzles are intuitive, assuming you can find all the relevent pieces of equipment and interactable sections of environment. Finding things was the only part of the game that caused me any frustration, and you will know there's something you probably haven't found yet when you are running around rubbing the contents of your inventory on every interactable piece of the environment in classic adventure game fashion.What really makes the game for me is the interaction of the AI characters, and the ways in which their exchanges and discoveries change ARID. For a short game, there is much character development packed into it. The story is The Fall's greatest strength.The Fall feels pretty short, I would have loved more time for interaction between the characters and to learn more about them, but nonetheless the promise of a sequel is very welcome."
,Recommended,290770,14472220,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,MyOwnMilitia,Inspired me to give Autumn a second chance10/10
76561198140297602,Recommended,290770,14509378,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,CaptainShorty,"This is by far my favorite game, probably of all time. It has a compelling story, great art, and a fun mix of puzzles and action. It really draws you in, you want to discover more. The only con is the length. It only took me 5 hours to beat, but I could have played it for 15. I'm super pumped for the sequal, and highly recomend playing this game."
,Recommended,290770,14512464,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Anouilh,"Interesting game, the gameplay can be a little annoying at times but seeing as this is an episodic game series, I can only see it getting better."
,Recommended,290770,14273756,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Bacondoughnut,"Amazing gameplay, graphics, amazing storyline. Please add more chapters. More people need to have this game and understand the amazingness."
,Not Recommended,290770,14278790,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,alison,"I picked this up due to a recommendation in a review of another sci-fi game. It's nothing special, unfortunately. The controls are really awkward, and you have to backtrack a lot, even if you are following a walkthrough. It is pretty frustrating that a lot of the interactive items are not visible unless you shine your light directly on them, which means you spend a lot of time scanning rooms randomly. And then as soon as a scripted event happens, your light disappears, so you need to re-arm again to react. I guess a sequel might be worthwhile if the controls and interaction were improved because the story was okay, but I wouldn't recommend this one unless you are really starved for some sci-fi."
,Recommended,290770,14246889,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,El Indyo,"+ Great atmosphere+ Unique aesthetics, playing with light and shadows+ Captivating storyline+ Simple gameplay+ No bugs+ Attention paid to details- You have to aim and select the 'action' command just to push a button- Hard to distinguish the objects you can interact with from the background- Dialogue options are not always clear- Useless and pointless gunfights ; add little to the game, apart from some action- No display of your current objectives, even in the pause menu- Mediocre French translation- When you don't know what to do, you're stuck for good...- Too short"
76561198012031982,Recommended,290770,14296320,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Scorp18,"Very good game. I would describe it as something between Flashback (action sequences), Swapper (environment and atmosphere) and Point-n-click gameplay. The graphics are dark and nice, although the brighter light in the center could be avoided, the sound is good and the gameplay is nice and simple. The general atmosphere of the game is one of abandonment and desperation (the fact that the later comes from a A.I. makes it even stronger).The plot becomes more interesting as you proceed in the game and the best part is the ending. What's also interesting is that everything is shown from the A.I.'s point of view.What I found a bit annoying was that I had to move the flashlight of the ""suit"" up and down very often in order to find the interaction points... Other than that, the game is nearly perfect. I'd say 9,5/10.Recommended!"
,Recommended,290770,14503245,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Jasyla,"The Fall is the first effort by Over The Moon Games, and what a game it is. It deftly combines great dialogue, eerie atmosphere, and intelligent story-telling to create one of the best games I’ve played lately. Gameplay combines point-and-click adventure puzzles with side-scrolling shooting action. The combination felt a little odd at first but once I got the hang of it, it worked really well. The amount of combat isn’t excessive, but it helps keep the pace of the game on track, breaking up exploration and inventory puzzles with cover and timing-based action.Story is where The Fall really shines. Damage has rendered a number of ARID’s functions inoperable and a big part of the game involves regaining access to those abilities. However, getting past obstacles often requires going against her other operating parameters. This raises a number of questions about artificial intelligence. Is this AI just a computational series of rules and protocols or can a machine display general intelligence? Can it have free will? What happens when a machine acts contrary to its programming?"
,Recommended,290770,15433860,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Crimson Mourn,"A little bit short, Sometimes overall gamma is too dark and interaction could be better if it was gesture oriented (instead of (right mouse + shift )it should be right mouse + drag horizontal). Anyway good game , cool story and nice voice actors."
76561198062793689,Recommended,290770,15528792,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Porthios,A good game if you like sci fi and adventure..
,Recommended,290770,26301711,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Igenpog,"tl;dr A clever but much too short mash-up of classic platforming action building upon the tradition ofPrince of Persia/Another World/Flashbackcoupled with the ironic narrative styles of theSpace QuestandPortalseries.You are the A.I. inhabiting a combat suit that crash-lands in a droid repurposing station. Soon enough, you encounter a series of nonsensical challenges that are the only way to ensure your pilot's survival. However, nothing is as it seems.The short of it is that we've seen both this sort of plot and 2.5D sci-fi puzzle-platformer (dare I say since the 90s). What givesThe Fallan edge is the storytelling which is both clever and engrossing. In fact, the story is this game's best feature, since the graphics basically cloneThe Swapper(though without the same finesse of controls—the whole click-item-select-inventory-item is both tedious and awkward—I haven't seen this since the time of S.C.U.M.M. games), the voice acting is decent (albeit not stellar), and (for whatever reason) the game crosses genre boundaries by also injecting the wholly unnecessary TPS element (well, I'm not sure why a puzzle-platformer needs one, but at least they provide a cover system).My major gripes are that the main story is too short (This is just part one...of how many parts exactly? Do I need to keep buying add-ons?) and after the main conceit is revealed everything just ends abruptly. I also found some of the puzzles really roundabout and frustrating...but maybe this is your cup of tea. Be warned: the frustration of solving the puzzles will seriously mess with your enjoyment of the story and you will inevitably ask the question whythe rest of A.R.I.D.'s abilities go unused (saved for the sequel is the obvious explanation).Overall, I have enjoyedThe Fallbut it ultimately seems a tad too ambitious and not quite polished enough."
,Recommended,290770,27802248,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SigmaBunny,"A great, and dark story about following the rules to the letter, but not the spirit. I can't wait to see what comes next for ARID"
,Recommended,290770,27587386,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,straykiller,"This game was very fun and interesting. If your thinkng about gettting it, it is well worth the $10 price tag and a steal when on sale. The story is unique and interesting. the puzzels arnt to difficult but your bound to get stuck a few times throughout the plot. I cant wait for the next one to come out i will deffinitly be purchasing it."
,Recommended,290770,28051029,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Pyros,"Good and short point and click adventure, but really it should be sold as ""The Fall - Episode 1"", since it explicitly ends with a ""to be continued"" and an ""Episode 2"" is in the works. If you are a fan of Asimov's robot tales this story is compelling enough to make you want to see this game till the end, although at times I found the riddles too obscure to be able to solve them without a guide. ""Obscure"" being the key term here, since most of the game happens in the dark and the ""magnifying lens"" icon that allows to interact with objects reveals itself only when lit with the in-game torch - sometimes on background surfaces that have no apparent reason to be worthy of investigation.Inexpensive short indie game with a good sci-fi concept, give it a go.Waiting for Episode 2!"
76561198171622018,Recommended,290770,28252653,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Wellington,"Great narrative experience.My only problem with the game was that the controls were not ideal.Nevertheless, the story alone makes it worth the buy.I would give it a 7/10 given the control issue and the fact that it is a short game(around 3 hours to beat the game).Ending is kind of a cliffhanger."
76561198043755299,Recommended,290770,28302181,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Shishimanishi,"This game was a great surprise! The controls took a bit to get used to but I enjoyed eveything else. I loved the story, Though I wish it had some branching paths. Another downside is the length of the game, but this is overhadowed by the games overall quality. Iwould strongly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,290770,26838243,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,V3ct0R,"At first it might look kinda simple,but after playing it a while i understood that this game is much more than it looks.+The voice acting+The storyline+actually do like the graphic style+Yet simplistic, Yet not so simplistic-The only thing I kinde would like to see changed is the camera mechanicsbecuz it flikkers around al the time if you hit the edge of the screen."
,Recommended,290770,26876512,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Xenon (Xe),"It may be a bit... twitchy and clunky, but from what I played, it's a decent game in a point and click adventure game sense."
76561198047800937,Recommended,290770,26879188,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,it's minnow,"The Fall is smart, compelling science fiction that avoids just rehashing the same tropey questions and themes that other stories about artificial intelligence and robots do. It's also a solid adventure game with some fun puzzles (and a few mildly-frustrating-for-controls-reasons ones). Go for it if you like adventure games and the themes of things like Blade Runner, Tezuka's Astro Boy, and SOMA, but want something new!"
,Recommended,290770,26399089,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Seneketh,"If you enjoyed movies like Alien, games like Alien Isolation, Metroid, Myst, Naissance, Kairo, Dead Space (without the shooting), Primordia, then you might also enjoy The Fall.The Fall communicates its unsettling, Sci-Fi/Horror athmosphere quite well and manages to integrate adventure-game-esque elements and tell a nice and fresh story.Although the story is very interesting and portraits Artificial Intelligence in a more or less novel way, the game falls on the short side. This is understandable as this game was developed by a 1-member team. That's why I would recommend to buy this game on a sale or, if/when the second part is released, buying them in a bundle.The game feels a bit clunky at times, but nothing that would interfere with the experience."
76561198090648732,Recommended,290770,26367511,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,JamesGameOn,"Not a masterpiece, but fun.  7/10."
,Recommended,290770,26281485,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,mech619,"The Fall is an adventure game where you play as a computer suit carrying a pilot who is in need of medical attention.  Exploring the world the suit crashed in, you need to use different tactics to find new ways to bypass areas in the game.The game also demonstrates how a computer program can corrupt itself when working on a goal, similar to HAL and its actions to the people on board from 2001: A Space Odyssey.  This becomes more evident as you progress in the game.Unless you get stuck in an area of the game and you do not know where to go, the game is not very long.  The combat parts of the game are not too difficult but can be buggy, not something that breaks the game.I'm a little mix on the use of the flashlight to discover points of interest.  It feels a little stiff when moving throughout the game and sometimes you may miss something that will likely be necessary to interact with.I enjoyed the voice acting in the game and watching the possibility of what an artificial intelligence may undergo to accomplish its primary goal."
76561198026594661,Recommended,290770,26800273,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Ringo Neko,"Incredibly charming in a dark sort of dystopian way. A point and click with a strong atmosphere, a beautiful look and an interesting narrative with well though out themes.This is part 1 of a 3 part series, though I personally believe that the story within this first part can stand on its own and if I was unable to play any follow-ups I would still be satisfied with the story told through this piece."
,Recommended,290770,26815212,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Veli0s,short but really good game. the combat is not that great but the story is absolutely worth playing - can't wait for the fall 2
,Not Recommended,290770,26211873,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,TheLagbringer,"Nothing really happens in the game. You solve couple of puzzles and kill some bots/slugs for few hours. Whole content is very sparse, the ending abrupt and only brings new questions without answering any. Story does not develop at all... just... No.However, I must mention that those puzzles themselves are really good and the way you have to solve them is very creative. Plus the occasional satirical humour is amazing and perfectly delivered, but still it wasn't enough, the lack of other things was too high."
,Recommended,290770,26742602,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Ripberger -{CC}-,"Fantastic.  Great story and characters.  Fairly simple gameplay, but interesting puzzles."
76561198060754428,Not Recommended,290770,23144709,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Misi,"I wanted to love this game, and I almost did: the story itself is pretty fantastic, it manages to create an atmospheric world with very little, and I'm a sucker for science fiction. Like, throw some space and some robots and I'm sold, I'm that easy.But there were too many things that made it a disappointing experience for me: the controls were rather cluncky, I had too much trouble with the puzzles (though that's on me, maybe, I never said I was smart), and the ending is way too abrupt (this is the first episode of more to come so be prepared for a BIG cliffhanger, but that's on me too for not paying more attention when buying it).However the real dealbreaker is that in the year 2016 this game crashed my computer several times near the ending. Like, there was no CTRL+ALT+DEL that could help me, the gods abandoned me, my poor Windows 10 went black and I had to restart the PC manually like we were back in 2001. I insist, this is 2016, we've been to space, we know the face of Pluto, our phones can book us a restaurant, tell us the weather and find a hook up in five minutes. We're living in the future and, for the first time in years, a game completely froze my poor PC. Several times, in fact.So. Nice story, not so nice gameplay, it's playable but kinda buggy."
,Recommended,290770,23134413,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Adeptus Ineptus,"This was a pretty neat little game; nice graphics, controls, soundtrack and voice acting. The dev team have clearly indicated that there's a The Fall 2.0 coming out sometime, but I'd be happy just having played this. It's a puzzle game, of course, and I have to admit I referred to the walkthrough a couple of times when I got really stuck. It's a pretty good game, for the scope and style. ***"
76561198039514270,Recommended,290770,23343224,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Brown Orange Juice,"great game but quite short, buy it on a good sale"
,Recommended,290770,24261879,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,yahoosashimi,"What can I say? This game is both visually stunning and heart-wrenchingly deep. A simple play, a short play (<5hrs), The Fall achieves in visual storytelling what some AAA games take over 50 hours to convey. Stark lighting and shadowy contrast create a dark mood, and the story of a robot reaching desperation is as compelling as it is creepy. It's a must-play for fans of I, Robot and other works dealing with humanity and its articifical constructs."
,Recommended,290770,23547342,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,WaxOnnWaxOff,"Good puzzles, atmospheric, interesting story. Everything you expect from a good ine. Couldn't reccommend this more and can't wait for the sequel."
,Recommended,290770,24194321,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Muffin Baking Warlord,"The Fall isn't very long, and I can't say it took me completely by surprise with the direction the story went, but it's well written, the puzzles are rarely nonsensical or frustrating, and it was so compelling that I finished it in oen sitting. Good stuff!"
76561198001221838,Not Recommended,290770,24167219,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,jash,"This is similar to a point and click adventure from the late eighties or early nineties. The enjoyment from the game comes from the convoluted path you must walk to complete it. It's not nearly as convoluted as the games from that era, and it's laid out logically, but maybe not obviously,  in most places.However, the interact/scan control (Xbox Controller) make the game clunky to move through. And I experienced one bug that forced me to reset to the beginning of the game after I was a couple hours in.Overall, not my cup of tea and the bug I ran into was enough to earn a recommendation against."
,Recommended,290770,19314809,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Sifro | Adrian,"Wow, this is an amazing game. Although it is very short it was one of the best game I have ever palyed and im looking forward to part 2. The puzzles are very difficult, but it istn necessary a bad thing."
76561197982627285,Recommended,290770,24363339,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Mostly,"Very atmospheric adventure game with light combat and extremely light stealth.  The story is classic ""what-if"" sci-fi that asks a lot of questions and leaves the answers open to interpretation.  It feels like a complete story, and I'm excited to see the announced sequel.There is a bit of off-the-wall 'adventure game logic', but everything can eventually be figured out with patience, lateral thinking, and rereading descriptions.  The game has some presentational faults, like obvious invisible walls and being able to peek off the map, but they're not bothersome and it generally feels like a professional production.While I was playing, the developer posted a maintenance update that broke the loading of pre-patch saves.  They're active in the Steam forums, though, and released a patch within a few days.  Great support and community-building!"
,Recommended,290770,29457195,Posted: 23 January,all,AaronAdler,"A stellar game with strengths in storytelling, theme and atmosphere. Some puzzles are a bit tricky, but nothing that would make this game unplayable. Highly looking forward to part two which should be on its way soon!"
76561198048858028,Recommended,290770,29697265,Posted: 4 February,all,IndyHCKM,Excellent game.  Great story and decent gameplay.  The story is the meat of the game however.  And only two or three times did I find myself frustrated by a puzzle.Not since Marathon and Durandal have I loved AI so much.  Looking forward to Part II.
76561198030249651,Recommended,290770,25615852,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Lord Penderton,Sub-par controls and combat.Good story. Worth the 99 cents.
,Recommended,290770,25862603,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,WaterBoyGaming,Great Game 10/10 the art  style is beautiful and the gameplay is great wit a controler (keyboard and mouse dont fit this game)
76561197969270402,Recommended,290770,30325247,Posted: 4 March,all,Cheekio,"I enjoyed this game a great deal. The pacing was good, the voice acting was very well done, and the puzzles were hared but fair. Neat premise as well.This game felt fresh and new for the genre and was overall a very positive experience."
,Recommended,290770,30308250,Posted: 3 March,all,Baby Mammoth,"8/10 - It's thrilling and enjoyable.The Fall kinda reminds me of some scientific films about the world of robots. How they think and feel(?) about human. I love the concept and the story of this game. It is also a great combination between action and puzzle. The puzzle is not too complicated and the action is not too intense. It's more like a casual game. The graphic looks nice too. Not the best, but not bad at all. One only downside here is the control. It would be better to interact and utilize the objects with other keys or have the inventory tab (or it has, but I didn't aware.) But it doesn't really bother much. I enjoyed every moment of this game so I will give it thumbs up! Great job, Over the Moon!"
76561198145063081,Recommended,290770,30332864,Posted: 5 March,all,Darksyte,"I found this game thoroughly enjoyable, It has a well paced intriguing story about the possibilities of A.I and their evolution, and even though it was somewhat transparent, it did not harm my overall experience. A 2D platformer, point and click puzzle game would be the best way to describe it, It's short and sweet and coould be finished in about 4hrs if you know what you're doing. I took about 14hrs (including afk time) to finish and i'm keen to see the next episode.The gameplay is reminiscent of a game from my teens called 'Another World' -which i would highly recommend you play if you haven't already- The voices were good and the music enjoyable.Overall i would give The Fall part 1 a 7/10."
76561197972040086,Recommended,290770,30310442,Posted: 4 March,all,D0M!N8R,Fantastic!
76561198018310925,Recommended,290770,30354859,Posted: 6 March,all,Cinephiliac,"I love this game so much. There's a sweet spot between puzzle-solving adventure and shooting, and between this and Gemini Rue I think I've found it. There's a few adventure-game-logic moments, but most everything makes sense puzzle-wise, and the shooting is fine. But it's the story that grabs you the most. It's so damn good, and the voice acting really sells the whole weird world you're thrust into. There are moments that'll have you yelling at the monitor (in a good way). Not many games get you like that. I can't wait for Part 2."
76561198081449976,Recommended,290770,30296945,Posted: 3 March,all,dbonnette68,"A very interesting take on the development of an AI and Isaac Asmiov's laws of robotics. The story is mysterious and believable with very well written dialouge, levels, and puzzles. I would recommend this to any science fiction fan."
76561197996425405,Recommended,290770,30270670,Posted: 1 March,all,ChromeNewt,"First of all, I want to start this review with a negative. It's a fairly hefty one, but thankfully the only one since I would overall still recommend the game. I have a personal benchmark with games that it should provide an hour of fun per pound sterling. It's why I'm such a fan of indie games because they're cheap and usually break through that threshold. I completed the whole thing in 4 hours at the point where I was looking forward to whatever the next bit was and then ""The Fall 2: coming soon"". If you can get this on sale under £4 then you have an absolute GEM of a game.+ Amazing atmosphere+ Thought provoking storyline+ The uncertainty of whether the pilot was alive or not forced some excellent choices+ The action had the right stiff robotics/fun fluidity to give an excellent flavour of what hollywood androids would fight like without being frustrating+ The amazing atmosphere (yes, it was so good I'm mentioning it twice)+ The setting just drew me in and had me wanting to find out more!-- Price/hours of fun ratio. Over too quickly- Some of the puzzles just weren't logical and relied on the old adventure game strategy of ""try every object with every interactable"". However, I think possibly this was intended for story purposes (I won't spoil it). Buuuuut, that also means that my 4 hour playtime could possibly been down to 3 hours, making the price/fun ratio even steeperAll in all, I count this as one of my favourite storytelling/narratives in gaming alongside System Shock 2 etc. *had it have been longer*..."
,Recommended,290770,25880042,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Indurok,"Video version of this review:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=918991924The Fall: Part 2 was announced to be released sometime this year, so I figured I’d do a review of this game.The Fall is a game about an AI combat suit that falls from space and onto some planet. I don’t know if it’s Earth or whatever. I mean, it’s got trees and stuff. How many planets can trees survive on? I can only count one so far. But hey, we’re talking about a sci-fi video game. Anything’s possible at this point.You’re main objective is to save your injured pilot. And you have to solve a bunch of puzzles in order to get to your destination. But you are constantly being stalked by this creepy android called the Caretaker. You see him several times throughout the game. He’s trying to hinder your progress because you’re “deviant”. Screw you man, there are frigging dead bodies--human bodies--hanging around all over the place, and I’m the deviant one?You are assisted by the Administrator, a friendly AI, who suggests to the Caretaker that rather than disposing of you, you can be repurposed as a domestic droid. But he cannot help you with the training directly, because of protocol. So you have to figure out the solutions on your own. You have to earn 8 merit points in order the access the elevator that will take you directly to the medical facility.Some puzzles require you to use your different abilities. But you won’t be able to access them unless something happens to you that puts your pilot in immediate danger. This allows you to override the access protocols so you can activate your abilities required to solve the puzzles. I’ve found some of the puzzles to be rather ridiculous. Some of the solutions are the kind of stuff that, even playing it a second time, I could never make sense of.The tests don’t really require the use of your physical abilities as they do a lot of your thinking abilities. These tests are in such disarray, your only chance of passing them is to cheat. The only test you actually do legitimately is the one where you have to fix a truck.Good gumballs, the aiming is really awkward. I find it really hard to get used to. All I can do is deal with it. I assume this was probably meant to be played with a controller, but I don’t have one of those, so… yeah. Turning yourself the opposite direction is all weird, because you don’t just instantly turn when you move your mouse left or right. It’s like the non-existent cursor still exists and needs to be far enough to the left or right to be on the other side of your character so that you can turn. That would explain why I sometimes look up and down either slowly or quickly.The controls make combat difficult to deal with sometimes. Of course, there’s the aiming issue, but I also have a real tendency to run past where I’m supposed to stand in order to actually hide behind an object. Well, at least the enemies are stupid enough to compensate for the awkward aiming. They just kinda stand there and do nothing for a while after trying to shoot you.Ugh, and the platforming parts. Not that they’re difficult or anything, they’re just kind of annoying. You have to wait for your character to fully stop moving before you can turn around and jump to the next platform. This is something plenty of metroidvania games have gotten right. I just hope this will turn out better in the sequel.I’ve managed to find multiple glitches in this game, most of them having to do with the controls. Sometimes, my gun would get stuck aiming in the same spot and wouldn’t aim up or down. And sometimes, Arid just randomly goes into a falling position, even though she’s on the ground. I think she should see a doctor. Oh wait, that’s what she’s trying to do. I don’t know if the glitches are simply because the game is too much for my PC to handle, or because the game itself is just plain buggy.There’s this one merit point you’re supposed to get by helping an old lady across the street. But for some reason, after I sped up the cutouts, it wouldn’t let me do the test. Yet, somehow, I was still able to get into the elevator without earning the merit point. Well, unfortunately, exiting and relaunching the game can sometimes cause these bugs to happen. And guess how many times I’ve had to do that because of having to look up solutions. I’ve had my fair share of bugs the first time I played this, like where I was supposed to use insects as bait for a fish, but things started disappearing. I managed to fix the problem by exiting to the menu and reloading the game.But despite these problems I’ve had, I do still like the game. There are some unexpected turns in the game’s storyline that I found really interesting. Honestly, before you play The Fall: Part 2, play this game first. If you have a better computer than I do, it might possibly lessen some of the bugs I ran into. But let’s just hope that the sequel will have all that stuff sorted out."
,Recommended,290770,32101279,Posted: 31 May,all,RylenWolf,Game was short but very much great.
76561198049782160,Recommended,290770,32210870,Posted: 5 June,all,Retral'm,SO GOOD! Totally recommend it!
,Recommended,290770,32209084,Posted: 5 June,all,MorbidNoodle,"Great mood and atmosphere.  Great aesthetic and writing.  If you're a fan of point and click games, or dystopian sci fi in general, I'd recommend."
76561198018929292,Recommended,290770,32282783,Posted: 8 June,all,woodCAT71,"Good story, voiceovers and music.Could not get it to work with mouse and keyboard.Xbox controller work fine."
76561198170376709,Recommended,290770,32281327,Posted: 8 June,all,Tdcman123,"This game really ♥♥♥♥ed with my mind. Out of all of the games I've played on the subject of AI and what happens when they become aware and get out of hand, this one has got to be the smartest. The puzzles are smart, the story is smart, the only thing I wasn't a HUGE fan of was the combat. Decent 2D cover shooting that usually meant battles lasted little more than two minutes, at least for me. Still, this game really grew on me through my whole 3 hour experience, and so did the character of ARID. I really enjoyed watching her develop as a character and loved participating in the brutal beatdown that was the final boss. If your a huge fan of science fiction, puzzles (which i'm not but i'll skip past that), and dark humor, you'll love this game. I even looked up the games sequel, and I will defintley be purchasing it."
76561198160628883,Recommended,290770,32275389,Posted: 8 June,all,Véurr,"this is one of the best stories ive ever played, the atmosphere the gameplay and the sounds are perfect, the mechanics are quite simple but still good, puzzles are not so hard but still challenging. 10/10"
76561197991343652,Recommended,290770,11490916,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Masquerade Moose,"The Fall is a really well made game that quickly hooked me into its simple yet interesting story. The puzzles in it really make you think sometimes and I found myself often going back to check over everything to make sure I hadn't missed anything important. The part of the game that really made it great for me were the characters. All the main characters are brilliantly voiced, my favourite being a certain AI computer system.Nicely done Over The Moon.I can't wait for more!"
,Recommended,290770,32568187,Posted: 19 June,all,[HBHUD] MMRashad,"The FAll does many things great! Atmoshpere, Ambient Soundtrack, Sound Effects, Voice Acting, Script, and even the gameplay, which while not intuitive to the player, is unique enough to warrant more development and deserves our engagement.With quite the story to surround itself with, with sci-fi elements worthy of Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥and Isaac Asimov concerning artificial intelligence, and great scripting to go along with it, I found myself very engaged with the story despite the extremely short playtime it gave me. Steam says 3hrs of game time, and  say that's about a fair assessment (with a few hours of downtime to mull a puzzle over or play other games).For a starting title, the developer really put a lot of heart and soul into this, hope it continues in a much lengthier The Fall Part 2.I highly recommend it for any wanting something fresh and beatiful despite the short length. The price shouldn't be an issue, especially if you want to support someone who knows how to make something imaginative and lovely."
76561198276018763,Recommended,290770,33710897,Posted: 21 July,all,tree3211,"Difficult puzzeles, Interesting story that may make you question the character you play as well as making choices. 10/10."
,Recommended,290770,26902545,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Decoy,It's dope.
76561198062358574,Recommended,290770,34384927,Posted: 20 August,all,Lavinathael,I really enjoyed this game from start to finish. The atmosphere and story were great. I played the whole thing in one sitting.
,Recommended,290770,31022513,Posted: 8 April,all,fucklogic,"very creepy but extremely fun.  feel really bad about the AI, he was swell.  cannot wait for the second one."
76561198047933624,Recommended,290770,25565583,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,spihc,"So, changing my review along with my graphic cards now that I can play the game (previously had a gtx660, and the game was unplayable because of CTDs every minute or so ). Game is short but very nice, hopefully the sequel is as good and a bit longer !Controls can be a bit clunky but it's not a game in which fast and precise movements are a requirement, even the few combat phases don't suffer too much from this."
,Not Recommended,290770,35253300,Posted: 27 September,all,Cheeze Whisperer,"I don't recommend this game. The game itself is good but it doesn't have an ending. It's an ""ending"" of ""play our next game to find out what happens"".Yea, needless to say, I am NOT a fan of a cop-out like that.Besides that, the game is good but even then it has it's flaws:1. The game continuously has enemy AI shoot at you and you can't even see them yet. Thankfully they're dumb and easily killed off.2. There is hardly any direction. It's a ""just try all the stuff you have in your inventory"" kind of game to figure it out. So it gets rather boring when you are trying to figure out what to do. It's usually some minute detail that MUST be done before you can progress.3. The game pretty much says ""look everywhere"" and that ties into #2. If you missed something, chances are it's something in the ceiling that MUST be interacted with in order to do anything else.Unless you have nothing else to play, or this game is under $5, pick it up. It'll at least have you wondering wtf to do for a while."
,Not Recommended,290770,35358460,Posted: 30 September,all,MPO,"Has a very clunky interface that, along with the level design, bores instead of entices.  The story is also still unfinished.  I've tried many times to get into this - to the tune of 4.2 hours - but disappointment and better games have won.  I don't recommend this."
76561198397075852,Recommended,290770,35278264,Posted: 28 September,all,bloomenstielg,"Awesome game. Cant wait for part 2. Incredible story, good challenge, and intense game play."
,Recommended,290770,35424459,Posted: 2 October,all,Denocan,Different and good story. Average gameplay.
,Recommended,290770,16575090,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,adeilt,Interesting concept.  I look forward to any sequels that may emerge.UPDATE: There's a sequel!  It's definitely on my wishlist.  :)
