user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,290790,16534659,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,SkyeShark☢,"You mean that I can actually build bases?You mean that you actually need a refinery and silos for your weird alien resource thing?Where is all the ""new and innovative"" complete lack of basebuilding and resource gathering? Why am I not restricted to the ""rapid-pace action"" of a 50 population cap?This game clearly has no idea how to appeal to the action-craving youth of today, it totally lacks innovation and insight into what the gamers WANT! EA would never make anything so disconnected like this..... AND THAT IS WHY IT IS ABSOLUTELY ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING.Please, thank you, yes. I am so sick of idiots trying to ""fix"" the core components of RTSes that make them fun in the first place and producing horrid games like CC4. Grey Goo intelligently keeps all the core elements of a truly fun RTS experience but still expands on them in completely unique ways such as with the Goo faction and the mechanics of the Beta and human basebuilding systems. Basically, I've been a hardcore CC fan all my life until EA gutted it and murdered my dreams. Luckily, Grey Goo has stepped up to fill that void."
,Recommended,290790,15960293,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,iToaster,"TL;DR: It's an RTS with walls. In a gaming world where walls are apparently considered ""so last century"".10/10 walls are love, walls are life. In this game, literally.A spectacular macro-management, not micro-management, RTS based on skill rather than actions per minute, much like petroglyph's older Command & Conquer series when they were Westwood...an exception to this skill-over-APM thing perhaps being the namesake ""Grey Goo"" faction, which is spectacularly original and...strange to play. I won't spoil. It's a fascinating experience to have.Also, uncanny-valley quality (really damn good) cutscenes for the campaign.Outside of that, you have 2 classic RTS styled factions, the humans and the beta. Beta are the easiest to get into and as a result the first ones you play as in the campaign whether you like it or not, as they control much like every other conventional RTS - get resources, build and expand base and outposts, train troops, and fight.The humans, on the other hand, have a big central HQ building and can only sprawl from that using flimsy little connecting wire-like ""conduits"". Hence, they're generally constricted to their main spawning area, leaving harvesters vulnerable when resources have to be gathered from afar. Everything they build MUST be on these conduits, even turrets, so stuff gets cramped fast.Gameplay-wise, this game lies somewhere between C&C and starcraft. It's not as APM or micromanagement happy as starcraft, but also not quite as rock-paper-scissors as C&C was, as all units can, to an extent, engage all others somewhat effectively. Some just do it better than others. There is also a population cap, but that population cap is, well, 200 units in size, so you'll have a difficult time reaching it, if at all. You will also notice a lack of unit abilities, as they...have none. Again, no micromanagement here. There are, however, technologies you can research, with 3 choices for 5 seperate catagories totalling 15 research options - but you can only choose 1 per catagory, so what you pick is how you play. Literally.What also makes this game good is simply the number of options of play style you can have. A lot of games these days encourage you to get out on the field and wreck♥♥♥♥♥♥to get ahead, and while this DOES have advantages to doing that, this is one of the few newer RTS games where you can throw up a wall, plant some turrets, and just build a big army in safety to later watch as the enemy gets steamrolled under the boot of your troops.Maps are expertly designed to be balanced yet asymmetrical, which became very obvious upon downloading some custom workshop maps and seeing the vast difference in quality. I'm not saying workshop maps are bad, and having WS support is a VERY good thing, but the devs know how to map and my god it shows.The soundtrack is composed by Frank Klepacki....you don't need to know anything more.If you don't get anything else, get the soundtrack.Long story short, this is a game where you build a base and send out harvesters from refineries to get a mysterious resources that gives you credits. You use credits to build more buildings and begin training various units. You defend your base with turrets and then proceed with hangars to house your aircraft so you can harass the enemy from afar. Finally, you send your massive army of units to crush the enemy.Sounds familiar, eh?(Unless you're the goo. Then, everything changes...)This is a damn good RTS and you should put it high on your list of games to buy.High recommendation from me."
76561198040172498,Recommended,290790,14202355,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,今道心,"+ Balance seems to be solid, nice and asymetric with each race bringing a new perspective to the table at every stage of the game.+ Tons of little tid bits and helpful micro/macro controls that really help manage your armies and your base.+ Polished design with no units or technology being truly useless (and all being flexible to some degree) whereas some older CnC games would often have units that never saw real use.+ Fantastic map editor and custom map support.+ AI is so smart it's probably self aware.+ In game encyclopedia offers all the information you'd ever want and then some allowing for quick immersion into the game.+ Simple and nostalgia ridden return to old RTS, this is a good thing.+ Solid voices and cinematic work throughout.+ Great OST with 1 hour and 45 minutes of music, Klepacki makes it.+/- Campaign is 15 missions and devs opted for a more cinematic route of race-to-race mission flow rather than race by race selection and does a great job of getting you into the mindset of each race making transition into multiplayer smooth.+/- Map pool is small for now (8 maps), but growing.+/- Only 4 players supported for now, which may change.- Not optimized for some machines, higher level graphics requirements, development is aware and attempting to address it. *- Sometimes persistent alt tabs out of full screen can crash.- Region locks, can be partially fixed with steam client adjustment but this can cause absurd lag for some people depending on geography. **- No observer or replay function, though as of 1-27-2015 they are hard at work at implimenting it.- PC release only* - They are aware of the optimization issues and attempting to fix** - They are aware of the region restrictions and matchmaking bugs and are attempting to remedy them as wellFinal Rating: 8/10I would recomend buying this game especially if you were a fan of older CnC games, it has alot of potential for growth and is a good experience overall with the gameplay being more than enough if you can make it past some technical problems. The price can be a bit steep for some however so I also recomend waiting for sale just as long as you get this game."
,Recommended,290790,14155076,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Furious Bee Pee,"It's good, not sure it's full price good, but it's good. Price point should have been closer to 39.00. Solid C&C style RTS. I like that the units don't have special powers that have to be kept up with. (why I suck so bad at SC2)That being said, it's still pretty challenging in it's own right, just more straight forward, which I like."
76561197965046644,Recommended,290790,14137466,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,DarkSnakeSoul,"Haivng been a classic Command and Conquer fan, I'm glad the old westwood guys are trying their best on finding a new RTS series to hopefully continue on from.Grey Goo is a strange title to start, gameplay is decent and overall performance on my end is fine (running at max settings and haven't had any issues or bugs).The breakdown----------------Performance - Good - Again on my rig, had no issues and was playing on max settings. The only issue I did have was a bit of frame drop during the animated cutscenes but it's nothing game breaking and can be fixed with a few updates. The maps look impressive with nice visual effects here and there but nothing mind blowing new.Gameplay - There is 3 factions, Humans which have their bases connected through a powerline system, Beta who are your alien/human type race which their bases are connected through hubs (think of Starcraft terran but with all their buildings stuck to command centers) and then there is the goo....the goo is the one faction that stands out as there isn't any faction like it from any RTS that I can think of.The goo operates as a living base, it starts off as a big blob and from there collects resources as it moves around, once it has enough resources you can divide the goo into units or another big blob. The cool thing is the goo can climb over mountains and also attacks by grabbing and eating the enemy forces (really neat watching infranty get sucked in), it's really good for players that aren't big on base building and are pure offensive types as this moving,  defensive organism is the best for those player types.The combat is very basic, units are nothing mind blowing and most seem familiar, however the epic units which each faction has is awesome, think Supreme Commander 2 super units. Controls are nicely done and easy to use, however there isn't much micro managing when it comes down to forces, they have no special abilities only upgrades made at main base and that is it. Overall the gameplay is your standard RTS, however there is a 200 unit cap...which is kind of sad coming from the Westwood guys (come on you guys are the ones who started the no unit cap...massive army RTS games...bring back that feel..I love having massive airforces and infantry against another player going all out in the middle of the map and once the battle is over...looking at the wreckage , holes and fires from our epic massive assault)Music - AWESOME , I love the music as it's from the original Command and Conquer Artist. Some songs are kind of strange but overall they give you that nice tone to listen to...also you can pick your song track which I miss...like come on RTS games this feature was made back in 1998 why is there no option to pick your track during missions.Story/Missions- the story is interesting at the moment (currently at level 3), I will update this when I finish all faction stories. However the missions are straight forward, protect this , kill that and do optional objectives.Issues - So far only a few frame issues during cutscenes but other then that had no issue with missions/optional objectives , graphics and combat. Everything checks out. I haven't tried online but did play a bit of skirmish with no issues and the A.I seems to be working properly with default settings.Should you buy this?: the answer is rather difficult as there isn't anything really fresh and new that hasn't been done before besides the one new faction goo. The price is fair (if your complaining about $50 or $60... then wait for a sale.. you can't have everygame $10 or .99, what is even fun is these same individuals don't have issues buying $5 to $10 dlc weapons or map packs for PayDay 2 or COD) for what it is.If your a command and conquer fan , Empire at war or Universe at War then you will feel comfortable with this. I played all 3 games/series and this one is another one I'm enjoying and glad to add to the collection.If your a starcraft player, you might feel upset over the lack of micro-management and special abilities. The game seems more designed for basic RTS players of throwing your force against the enemy lines in hopes to break through.And if your unsure either way or feel scared over the $50 or $60 price tag, wait for a sale. I do recommend giving it a try one way or another.Also...for your classic Command and Conquer fans....this game allows you to build walls!!!! Its about time :D"
,Recommended,290790,16334688,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Thalassocracy,"Besides the low multiplayer population, this game is excellent!  The artistic design is done by Weta, the same studio that did prop design for the Lord of the Rings movies.  The music is by Frank Klepacki, the same guy who made the music for the Command and Conquer series.  Petroglyph, the company that produced the game, is also made up of a lot of ex-Westwood employees who formed Petroglyph after EA dissolved Westwood.  Tbh, I prefer the storyline and gameplay to Starcraft 2's.This game is definitely worth buying if it's on sale; even if it isn't on sale, it's still good."
,Recommended,290790,19166102,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Meepsauce,"While reviews for the game are mixed, likely due to the fairly weak launch it had - I've been enjoying it.It seems like there have been a lot of solid updates to what felt slightly unwieldly on launch and while I'll never play RTS games competitively, it is a lot of fun to hop in and out of.The soundtrack is great too, but then Frank hasn't really had a dull track in any of the RTS games he's ever composed.If you enjoyed RA1 or 2, Dawn of War Soulstorm or even RA3 to a degree, I think this game's a pretty good throwback to the sort of fun you could have in those games.For me at least, this game's really quite optimized now and runs great which is always a pleasant thing given the scale of some of the battles you have in an RTS game.Like most things, I'd check it out on youtube and at least give it an honest look. It's a shame it's still at £29.99, I would honestly gauge a price drop to £15-20 would do this game a favour on the barrier of entry."
76561198022817833,Recommended,290790,14130846,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,elderbowler7,"Never written a review for steam before, but wanted to express how much I have enjoyed this game so for. Grew up playing the old school RTS, Warcraft, Warcraft2, Starcraft, Age of Empire's 1 & 2 and everything in between. As time has progressed I have always felt that the RTS genre was dying with the exception of Starcraft 2. Love the game, a solid testiment to the older RTS style. Players that grew up with Starcraft 2 maybe be frustrated at the slower pace, but anyone that grew up in the hay day of RTS will love it."
,Recommended,290790,14793648,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Mana,"Let's start with bad and work our way up to the good, shall we?What does Grey Goo do wrong? Not much, to be frank but there are a few things that could've been made better. First off the differences between the two humanoid factions are mostly cosmetic even though there are subtle differences in how units work, unit stats and general playstyle. Particularly base building is vastly different. I just feel they could've been diversified a little bit more.No replay.EDIT: Replay is now in the game (2016-02-15 edit)The lack of a proper replay function hurts ranked play and stymies people who want to improve by watching their games from an outside perspective. This is one thing I believe should be prioritized.Performance.The game runs like crap on a lot of people's hardware. There's been a lot of performance patches lately that have dealt with most of those cases. I personally still have a wildly fluctuating framerate in menues and videos, but gameplay is mostly buttery smooth.Lack of content.While I liked the shorter campaign (16-ish missions) some people don't and the lack of multiplayer maps is also somewhat hurting the game, even though I personally find them to be enough. Learning a few maps and finding ways to use the maps to your advantage is a lot more fun than having yet another bloody map every time you play. But it's a con, so I'll list it. Also see map editor.Not intuitive balance.While this is hardly unique for Grey Goo, it's still a thing that drives people up the wall. At first glance, Goo's artillery can seem overpowered as hell with their HUGE range and potential healing. In addition Goo's splash-tank upgrade turns enemy armies into paste (no pun intended) against an unprepared opponent. Human's artillery also works as mines? OP! Etc etc. Grey Goo is fairly balanced, but it takes a lot of playing before you actually realize this. Early on it just seems broken.Difficulty.I dunno why I'm listing this as I've beaten the campaign on hard on the first try. But I've seen billions of threads about this. Grey Goo is apparently hard.AI.The AI is, for the most part, good and will put up a decent fight against a middling level player. It has some issues though and can sometimes break down completely and just ""sit there"".Price.Grey Goo is overpriced in todays market. It's quite worth the price, but it's not going to sell well with such a high price tag.Okay, now for the good stuff:SoundtrackThe soundtrack is really, really good. Even I, who normally shun everything remotely dubstep-y, can appreciate the Goo soundtrack even though the Humans have the soundtrack that I personally like the most. It's also written and performed by legendary Frank Klepacki of the C&C games.Graphics.Grey Goo looks gorgeous, not just in gameplay but in the cutscenes and menues. Top notch quality all around.Gameplay.I personally love the anti-micro pro-macro style of RTS that Grey Goo is. I detest micro-heavy RTSs with a passion and am so sick of Starcraft Clone #451 coming out. Grey Goo makes a return to the strategic part of RTS. Army composition, economy and positioning plays a big role here and you'll rarely be ""caught out"" by lacking twitch skills.Online capability.The maps are great to play on, the factions seem fairly balanced (although I'd argue that Goo can be somewhat underpowered) and the connectivity is rock solid. I've never had a single disconnect or even lag in a single match so far which is impressive seeing as I play almost exclusively with people ""across the pond"".Goo.The faction as a whole. It's unique, yet recognizable. Anyone who has played Zerg or Tyranids will recognize the frantic ""zerging"" style of gameplay, but at the same time the lack of bases, or rather mobile bases make the Goo a very unique faction.Story.Some may call the story basic, but I personally enjoyed the story and how it was told very much. A lot of likable characters as well so this gets my thumbs up.AI.I list this in pros as well, because the times when the AI does play well, it plays really well. It's solid enough to give me a bit of a challenge on Hard, but it's of course nothing compared to a human player.Support.The developers have been releasing regular performance patches, and as of time for this review to be posted, they're also working on their first big balance patch. The ongoing support means this game has a lot of lifetime ahead of itself.So do I recommend Grey Goo?Hell yes, I do. Grey Goo is the best RTS to be released in recent years. That doesn't mean that Grey Goo is the next coming of Messiah in RTS gaming. No. It's a pretty iterative continuation of the C&C style of games. But it does it well and it's a solid enough game for me to recommend it. I still have tons of fun playing it and I expect you will too. If you are hesitant, wait for a sale. It's a pretty hefty price tag after all."
76561197973977339,Recommended,290790,14182083,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Black Jade,"A must have for any fans of RTS. A modern spin of of the classic C&C franchise, this game brings RTS back to its base building roots with an easy to comprehend UI. The helpful UI and gameplay design, reduces the micro intensive gameplay found in modern RTS such as starcraft 2. This leaves a focus for strategy without babysitting your base or units, however, a certain degree of speed is required to excel this game. That being said, it is a simple game but hard to master. (edited) The game's AI on hard (even on normal) provide certain degree of challenge in the campaign, while it suffer in skirmish.The 3 factions are uniquely different, this gives an asymmetery to the game. I would not provide a detail description about the factions, but rest assured, they are fun to play and all have a unique twist to them (for example, humans are the most technological advanced race with teleportation and drones to do their fighting for them).The campaign and skirmish maps are well crafted. (edited) Although the map pool for skirmishes are small, a map editor was included to allow the community to develop more exciting maps, the devs themselves mentioned they will include community crafted maps in the future (if they are good). The graphics are well up to standard for modern times, even the cutscenes inbetween missions have almost realistic CG potrayal of the main cast of the game.The soundtrack of this game deserved to be mentioned, it is fantastic as it is written by composer Frank Klepacki (his original work contribute to the soundtrack of command & conquer and even the infamous Blade runner). With that being said, the scores found in this game are well-crafted, and you can even customise what soundtrack to play during your skirmishes with the in-game jukebox.In summary, this is a game worth getting for the price. I only hope that this game doesn't underperform in terms of sales as it wasn't being advertised well. This is because we deserve more well-made RTS in the market with a return to games which focus on base building and strategy."
76561198019128066,Recommended,290790,32100622,Posted: 31 May,all,GrassWhooper,"if you want to know whether this game is for you or not, there are few questions you need to think of.do you like RTS?do you enjoy nice campagins?do you enjoy a variety of unique races?do you enjoy an RTS that is easy to get into but harder to master?if the answer to all of those is yes, then this game is for you.now in a little bit more details:the game is most definitely fun, the campagin is neat, and the story is somewhat interesting.but the biggest selling point of the game, would most definitely be the vastly different races in it. this is where the game truly shines.if you look at how many hours, i have played this game, you can kind of assume whether it is fun to keep playing it over and over or not. to me, the answer is a bit obvious.this game, especially when you're starting out in it, once you get over the initial hurdle, everything is smooth, clean, and fun, with lots of experimentation to be done, and a variety of ideas to try.also some cool, other things that we take for granted, as a standard nowdays, when they infact are not.dazziling graphics, top notch soundtrack, they actually blend with each other, cool cutscenes, good pathfinding, response time, very simple yet clear and efficent UI, hot keys are rather straight forward, and easy to use even for low APM players and newbies.of course, no game is perfect, and there are 3 main issues in the game.1.it suffered from a very poor launch, {no observer mode, massive lags, poor balance etc} {of course all of those have been fixed, but it most definitely, did take a toll on the game}.2.currently, there are not many active players online, and the developers, seems to have stopped updating the game and are busy with other projects{of course, regardless of that, the game is currently, in one of its most perfect states, when it comes to balance, playability, stability,features, and smoothness}.3.the units, resource collection and unit counter system, are not nearly as unique as all of the other parts of the game. and they most definitely, could use some more creativity, as they fall more into the region of ""bland"" and typical.do i recommend this game? yeah, most definitely, for any RTS fan.it is one of the best RTS games out there, definitely fun, and cool to play with.even for people, who are new to the RTS world, this game, can serve, as a very fun playthrough.{something that i didn't know where to fit into my review, but, they got epic units, like, that is just epic <3}.{oh yeah, i forgot to mention, they also got a very neat map editor {i didn't use it honestly, so i don't how good it is}}."
,Recommended,290790,14141669,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Лев Троцкий ☭,"EDIT 16/3/2016Regional locks have been lifted and the game now has an option for ""worldwide matches"". While ping may be a concern, most games I have played online have not plagued me with packet loss or lagspikes. Game has been optimized for slower PCs and newer machines alike. Gameplay balance is constantly being fixed.Listen up, other game developers. This is how GreyBox and Petrogylph does things: exactly what the fans want. Thumbs up to the folks over at GreyBox and Retroglyph for the continuous updates and connections to the fans. Thank you so very much.EDIT: Issues regarding region lock, game optimization and gameplay balance are being fixed as I type. This is the prime time to purchase this classical RTS and get to commanding![Original Post]This is my first time writing a review on Steam but hell, this game deserves it.Grey Goo is astonishingly fun to play, has decent AI, and good game mechanics. It is a good game overall, sadly I am speaking at launch, and there are loads of issues waiting to be fixed.First off, the game is currently not fully optimized, and it lags the hell out of slower and even newer pcs.Secondly, the game is region locked, so you can't play online if you're stuck somewhere outside of players who have this game.Lastly, Menu screen are extremely laggy in-matches, which is probably due to optimization errors.Would I recommend this game? Absolutely.Would I recommend you buy it now? The answer is No. wait till the issues are fixed and you'll get one hell of an RTS."
,Recommended,290790,14208017,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Inferno,WESTWOOD'S BACK YA'LL!!!!  (Without EA ♥♥♥♥ing it up the♥♥♥♥♥this time)
76561198045014730,Recommended,290790,14223996,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Retro Rocker,"Grey Goo Definitive EditionGenre: Real-time StrategyDeveloper: Petroglyph GamesPublisher: Grey BoxIntroductionGrey Goo is a new Real-time Strategy (RTS) game by Westwood Studios veterans Petroglyph Games. Those familiar with Westwood would be aware of their impressive track record.  As you may have already read, Grey Goo feels like an early RTS, however it introduces many new ideas differentiating itself from its predecessors. There are three distinct factions to play as (the standard number for RTS titles today), the versatile Beta, the defensive Humans and the aggressive Goo. I'll take you through my rundown of the game assuming you're an RTS fan; I'll be making a few comparisons throughout.FeaturesWhat's that? You're not familiar with RTS games? Don't worry, Grey Goo more than explains itself with many tutorial videos before jumping into one of the game's two main modes, Campaign and Skirmish. Campaign is the single player narrative featuring multiple customised scenarios whilst Skirmish allows you to play against either human or AI opponents in free-for-all or team battles. Replay and Observer modes were added several months after the game's launch, a staple for the competitive multiplayer types. It's good to see the developers were not too preoccupied with competitive multiplayer, offering a lot of single player content. Plot-wise, Grey Goo does not follow standard sci-fi stereotypes creating an identity of its own (for example: the Humans are the most technologically advanced faction). The campaign is set on a tropical planet known as Ecosystem 9 and its compelling, 15 missions long and legitimately challenging (not merely an elaborate tutorial). Be prepared to click the restart mission button a few times. Whilst the campaign is challenging, not too many missions overstay their welcome, they'll hold your interest. The campaign takes you through each faction, the Beta (the most conventional one for RTS veterans), Humans (defensive) and Goo (aggressive). There have been suggestions that the Beta and Humans are too alike. They are somewhat similar, but have enough differences to distinguish themselves. For instance, the Beta have more offensive options and are far more mobile than the Humans whom must use power conduits to power their structures and stationary defenses as well as expand. The Goo is the stand out faction solely for its originality. Instead of constructing a base; resource gathering and unit construction are left to the Mother, a large Goo that essentially acts as a mobile all-in-one base that consumes everything in its path (including enemy structures). Each unit has a purpose and remains useful throughout the whole game, even early game ones. The factions each have their own equivalent of the scout, tank and artillery. Other more exotic units include the Goo's Bastion (a moving wall) and Dweller (a subterranean unit that explodes when enemies are nearby).There are no super weapons such as Nukes or Ion Cannons here, instead replaced with ""Epic Units"" similar to those in Command and Conquer 3 encouraging the construction of large armies to back them up. The horizontal user interface is well designed, taking cues from more recent RTS/MOBA titles including hotkey layout. Another idea borrowed from MOBAs is the ability for units to hide in brush. Units may also be auto-queued in order to keep battles big and interesting. Resource collection, construction and unit creation have been beautifully streamlined. Resource collection in particular has gone from babysitting harvesters with iffy path finding to a ""set and forget"" sort of thing. The developers also opted to go with Supreme Commander's income system which translates well into this title. There are numerous technological upgrades each faction may choose from, they are divided into different categories, however you may only select one in each which gives more weight and responsibility for your choices allowing for some army tweaking depending on which strategy you wish to employ. Grey Goo may not be as fast-paced as Starcraft 2 but is still fast enough to keep players on their toes. Combat isn't too deep, more so emphasising unit composition over micromanaging a handful of units like in more recent RTS games. Another trend in recent RTS titles was their encouragement of aggressive tactics and punished anyone who did not expand quickly enough. Defensive strategies are, at the very least, viable in Grey Goo.PresentationThe visuals are impressive, you may max the game out even on a modest PC. There are notifications and detailed tooltip text boxes for everything keeping you in the loop throughout the battle. Each faction is well designed, from the Beta's mechanical, animalistic walkers to the Humans hovering, highly advanced drone arsenal. The campaign cinematics look great too, so great that Petroglyph may have even outdone Blizzard in that regard.Sound DesignEverything either has a sound cue or announcement. There are no issues with the announcer or units trying to talk over each other (the announcer usually takes precedence) although you may hear them repeat themselves over and over (""Wall under attack...""). Units become irritated when constantly selected (a throwback to Starcraft) and let you know when they're in combat or have defeated an enemy. It's small details like these that demonstrate how much the developers cared for their product. The game's score was composed by Frank Klepacki (Command and Conquer/Dune). It's great. Longtime RTS fans may hear echoes of his past work in this game, in particular Command and Conquer: Tiberian Sun and Universe at War: Earth Assault. Each faction has a unique, dynamic soundtrack that changes depending on what's happening on screen.IssuesBefore describing the existing issues Grey Goo has, I should note that Petroglyph have since addressed a couple of problems it had upon it's release. Multiplayer disconnections are now, at the very least, less frequent and additional graphics options have been added. The game has also been properly optimised meaning the title screen no longer stutters and the game simply runs smoother in general, even on a PC that does not quite meet the recommended system specifications. True to their word, Petroglyph also added more units, multiplayer maps and another faction in subsequent updates. On to the issues...Currently, there is no option to play an eight player skirmish match. Multiplayer is region locked, meaning you may only play with others within your part of the world. In order to play with other countries, you must change your download region in Steam, however this may result in a lot of lag depending on where you live. Unit pathfinding is wonky (particularly epic units), each one requires a bit of micromanagement to do what you actually want it to. Satisfying audio feedback from past RTS games, such as Command and Conquer, are not present here (no big chunky explosions when laying waste to an enemy army or base). Unit selection quotes are forgettable, nor do said units gain any visual indicators of particular upgrades unlike other games in the genre. I was also hoping to play with some campaign specific units only to be left wanting (there is one campaign specific unit in the Emergence Campaign downloadable content).SummaryUsually, I would have waited for a sale before picking this up (this is Steam after all). But I've been waiting for a real RTS on PC for a long time. I couldn't wait, I wanted in from the ground up and wasn't disappointed. In my opinion, Grey Goo delivered. It's a creative, polished and genuine RTS title that fans of the genre will enjoy. Another reviewer noted most of Grey Goo's negative reviews were linked to it's weak launch. Petroglyph have since proven their dedication to their product by giving it the support it needed. Now it just needs more players..."
,Recommended,290790,14156857,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Etheras,"WOW. Just like... wow!!This game really snuck up on me. I hadn't even heard of it until I saw it in the ""New Releases"" in the strategy section here on Steam. At first I thought it was an Indie game, but its not. Its a monumental game, with a long rich single player campaign.This game harkens back to the glory days of RTS, when every other PC game was RTS, and before cross-platform console games became the fad... and virtually spelled the end of the RTS genre. You see: its very hard to play RTS with one of those archaic gamepads, but rather than establish better peripherals for console (like mouse and keyboard), game companies simply dropped titles that didn't play well on console, so that they could release on Xbox and Playstation and PC with one giant game and get the largest userbase. Greed trumped making good and interesting games, and so everybody started making FPS.I've gone off on a tangent, and I apologize... but there is a reason. Before the consoles became a serious gaming platform, RTS got a AAA+ treatment from publishers and development studios. They were graphically amazing, with fully rendered cutscenes, long rich campaigns around interesting stories, great dialog presented by great voice actors, well-balanced but with challenging AI (etc). And then it all went away (except for Starcraft 2 and some Space RTS's), leaving the RTS genre primarily being advanced by nostalgic Indie developers.... at least: until now. This game is amazing. Its basically the game that I would expect to see from all major publishers if the Console fad hadn't taken off. Here's a more detailed breakdown:---- THE GOOD ----* GRAPHICS : Beautiful game. Awesome scenery filled with lush alien forests and swamps interspersed with strange alien machinery. The architecture of the buildings is imaginative and interesting, including the base buildings. Unit design is also interesting, with the human drones looking more like works of art than military machines. And of course there's the goo creatures: which are amazing to look at and scary. Explosions and laser bolts are quite beautiful too.* FULLY RENDERED CUTSCENES AND BRIEFINGS : I feel like I'm playing Starcraft! Only... Starcraft had mostly in-engine cutscenes, not full renders. So Grey-Goo takes it one step further! After each mission the player is rewarded with a 30-second (or so) cutscene made with love. Its film-quality (no exaggeration). Then the next level briefing is also fully rendered. It all looks like full-performance capture (with very good actors). The detail is such that you can see the pores in the alien's skin. The races have distinct looks and styles of dress, and even change their clothes from mission to mission. Really big kudos. It helps draw the player in big-time.* AI : The AI is challenging. Some levels can be very difficult, but usually this means you're missing some trick to circumvent a defense. While the AI is not quite human-quality, that is mitigated by the AI starting the level with established bases. So its not really a factor. Additonally, a difficulty setting allows you, if you do get stuck, to drop down to an easier level AI and not punish you too much.* ASYMMETRICAL STRATEGY : Especially around base-building, each race has a different build style and strategy, which adds variety between the races and gives some insight into their culture.* STORY : The story is really great so-far (I haven't completed the game), with interesting sci-fi concepts that are very believable (in fact: based on real theories). The dialog is great, and the voice acting delivering that dialog is great. Its all very immersive. Such that I played 11 hours straight today.* EPIC UNITS : Epic units are always fun. Its hard to get them (as it should be), but once you have them, they're very impressive and fun, soaking a lot of damage while independently targeting numerous enemies and blasting them away. In one mission you get to have 2 at once... twice the slaughter... twice the fun!* OPTIONAL OBJECTIVES : It adds a lot of replayability, especially for us full-completionists.* THE HUMANS ARE SUPER-ADVANCED : This is more of my personal preference, but the humans in this game are a bit like the Protoss in Starcraft. Lots of super-clean lines, strange alien architecture and glowy bits... and I like that. Its a nice departure from the old trope of ""OMG advanced aliens coming to kick our butts"". But also, for the humans to have a bit of an alien feel as we become super-advanced... is really quite an interesting idea.---- THE BAD ----* No VETERANCY SYSTEM : While I am sure the developers intended this as a throwback to old RTS, veterancy was eventually added to most games in that genre, and for good reason: otherwise the strategy tends to be to make waves of units and send them on suicide missions. Because there is no veterancy in this game, that tactic has been reborn (with some variation). It would be nice if there were a reason to keep your units alive, and perhaps make healing them easier.* THE CONTROLS : The controls are generally pretty good, but there are some weirdnesses like... if you select a unit and then the repair wrench, the unit is still selected. So you think you're controlling the unit but you aren't. Also like... the aliens have these great big battleships that you can assign soldiers to hop into and man gun-turrets... which is awesome! The problem is: there are 6 turrets, so they mostly cover the entirety of the top of the ship. But clicking on them selects the _unit_, not the _ship_ that they are riding in. This makes selecting the ship frustrating because you need to make sure you're clicking the back of it, or else it will select one of your gunners. Generally I learned just to assign the dreadnaught ship to a hotkey. But it was a minor annoyance.* THE SOUND : While the sound is really good, including the music, it fluctuates wildly. If I have the cutscenes at normal volume, ingame is very loud.* NO ""DO YOU WANT TO EXIT"" : Minor annoyance, but in a level with optional objectives, if you complete the primary objective, uncompleted optional objectives come up as _failed_. I'd prefer that the game tell me something like ""Primary objective complete: are you ready to exit?"" Or at least a ""Complete primary objective? (Some optional objectives are still active!)""* UNITS AREN'T SUPER-INTERESTING : While this contradicts what I said above a bit, I do have one qualm... there's not a lot of variance in the units. There are quite a few that, at first glance, I can't really tell apart. Also there are LOT of hovertanks. I think they should have considered a little more variety.* UNITS ARE FAIRLY SYMMETRICAL : What I mean by this is... the aliens have regular soldiers, artillery, anti-vehicle, anti-infantry, bombers, fighters (etc), and so do the humans. The unit types between human and alien are virtually identical. While their base-building strategies are quite different, after the base is up, they're almost the same... with some variation for unique units and epic units. Its not like Starcraft where one species has great guns, the other has great armor and spells, and the other has enormous numbers. I do understand somewhat, why they cose not to do this though; because balancing asymmetrical RTS units is hard, and prone to exploitable failure. So its a minor disappointment, but an understandable one.---- IN CLOSING ----All of the plusses are big plusses for me, and all the minuses are minor. I highly recommend this game 9/10 , and I hope they DLC and sequel the hell out of it. Its very interesting, and I want more!  :)EDIT: Just finished the single player campaign (with all optional objectives) and its GREAT right up through the end. I did notice a few bugs towards the end... got 1 crash, Goo units tend to get stuck, and 1 trigger on final map wouldn't activate. Had to move over it like 20 times)"
,Not Recommended,290790,32757255,Posted: 24 June,all,lil Joshu,"I was enjoying it, and finding it decent at first, but I lost connection and got booted from the game...... on single player campaign. WTF?Why is connection required on single player campaign? That makes me dis-recommend on principle. A game that requires connection for local gameplay is either poorly coded or dishonestly coded, and both make me concerned.Edit: Others have responded and been able to play without connection, so it's likely this is a bug, not a DRM design."
,Recommended,290790,14323345,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,govegirl,"First off, this is a quality game.  It is well made, great cinematics, high quality graphics (although the scenes a bit on the dark side) - yes worth the $49 release price IMO.I have now spent about 9 hrs playing and still working things out.  It is not complicated,  just an initiial learning curve of where and how to build structures, do upgrades, keep resources flowing etc.  There is ingame help but I found it to be  hints rather than a hand holding guide which I needed when i started playing.There are 3 factions to learn to play- each quite different,Like other RTS games the idea is to build up a base/bases and pump out fighting units and destroy the enemy.You only need to collect one type of resource.   You can have up to 200 units.Technically the game plays very smooth and well on the main, i have had the game crash once when I was right clicking madly.Is it fun?  Well yes,  I am enjoying the campaign I have played so far.   The campaign consists of 15 missions-5 for each of the 3 factions so plenty of opportunnity to learn all aspects of the game.The skirmish mode seems a bit limited as there are only 8 options of maps which include number of players each map.I have not played the MulitPlayyer as yet, due to none of my friends having this game, so cannot comment there.Nothing can beat my AoM/AoE games but  I did enjoy the slightly different style of game here and glad I bought it.If you enjoy space RTS games this is a nice one.  8/10"
,Not Recommended,290790,19240426,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,markais,"Grey Goo is great concept, but suffers from bugs, crashes and lack of content.The best way to describe this game is ""incomplete"".There are only five missions per race in the single player campaign. The story is disjointed and not very well presented, despite beautiful cutscenes and decent mission briefings. At the end of the campaign, you find out this game, which is billed as a full game, is only a precursor to an actual storyline. The Emergence mini-campaign only adds three more missions (total; not per race) which take place during the regular game's campaign from a different perspective, giving no additional story.Unit types are mostly what you'd expect (light units, scouts, medium units, artillery, air and anti-air). Note the distinct lack of heavy units. Instead, you get epic units, which are extremely overpowered monstrosities. Putting aside the controversial epic units, the basic units are limited and poorly balanced. Artillery and aircraft, for instance, do very little damage. Artillery can hardly even dent walls and structures; medium units do a much better job. Medium units, while doing decent damage, can't take much, and so are easily destroyed by static defenses.Despite all this, the game manages to be pretty fun for a limited time. Until the bugs and crashes strike. For instance, on the final campaign mission, if you save at all during the mission, the win conditions are negated. No matter what you do, you can't win. The bug was acknowledged and had a supposed fix in a patch, but the latest patch still contains the bug. And while I had no crashes during the campaign, nearly half of the skirmish matches I have played have experienced game crashes.As for multiplayer, there are so few official maps available and the unofficial maps are mostly unbalanced, with none of them offering much more variety than amount and placement of resources, that it's really not worth playing for more than a few rounds.Overall, the incompleteness of the game makes it a disapointment."
,Recommended,290790,14185897,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Commisar12,"Grey Goo is a RTS throback to the good old days of Command and Conquer, before the Starcraft 2 juggernaut made RTS games APM twitchfests with only THE PRO WAY to play the game!!!!!!Petroglyph games, made up of former Westwood developers, has managed to find a way to make old fashioned RTS games fun again, along with attempting to shake up the standard RTS forumla along the way.First, this game's campaing is quite good for an RTS. 3 campaigns, each with five mission, lasting about 7.5 hours total make this game fun to play by yourself. The story is intersting to see unfold, and the cutscenese and voice acting are superb. The soundtrack is done by Frank Klepacki, who did the soundtrack for C&C games and Universe at War, another Petroglyph game. The three factions are the Beta, a race of 4 armed humanoids with walking tanks and conventional weapons, the Human, whose units are dominated by hovering drones with plasma guns, and the Goo, a ""race"" of Von Neuman machines who don't build bases, as thier ""base"" is a giant goo blob called a Mother Goo than can spawn factories on resource nodeds and can split once it harvests enough resources. Each faction plays differently than the others. The Beta can build base nodes anywhere, but base expansion is limited by the size of the node. Humans are locked to one base, but the base is expandable by power conduits, and the Goo simply use mobile Mother Goos as HQs.Second, this game comes equipped with an offline skirmish mode where you can practice against the AI.Third, Grey Goo's PvP online allows you to go 1v1 or 2v2, and allows for AI vs. Human matches.Ranked matches are matched via skill, whichhelps to avoid newbies getting constantly annahilated by more experinced players. No Replay mode ATM, but it is on the way.This game comes with a map editor, so the 8 maps that are included in the game are not the end.Overall, Grey Goo is well worth the asking price if you are any kind of RTS fan. If you are unsure, check out some Youtube videos and Steam reviews, as no demo is currently out."
76561198077315361,Recommended,290790,14139092,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,huhaous,One of the best RTS in recent years. Each faction has its unique features and can provide unique experience. Combats are slower than SC2 and a good strategy is much more important than micromanagement. The optimization should be improved when there are a lot of units in the screen. Highly recommend to all RTS fans!PS: Teleporting buildings is awesome!
,Recommended,290790,14152551,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,SupSuper,"Finally Petroglyph dropped the F2P MOBA crap and returned to their roots. A classic RTS with base building, unit spamming and silly voice accents."
,Recommended,290790,14134780,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,[cpx3]nevdawg,"It's refreshing to see an RTS that finally goes back to the genre's roots as well as adding interesting mechanics that feel right. The base building mechanics, units, and technologies for each race are completely unique but gameplay still feels balanced. As a huge fan of the classic C&C's, it's awesome that the soundtrack is composed by the man himself Frank Klepacki. Not only that but having former talent from Westwood working on this game, you really can't go wrong."
,Not Recommended,290790,20097173,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Commander Lemming,"I'm going to leave the recommendation at no for now, since it is difficult to come to a yes/no conclusion. If you can suffer through reading my review, the game has pros and cons that can be interpreted differently by different players.>Played during development stages, got to top 30 in 1v1 by playing goo.>Felt bad for playing an overpowered race (2 minute rage quit wins, or massive map expansion)>Took a break to see if they would adjust the races.>A big patch finally nerfs goo early game, commandos, and gladiuses (gladi?)>Goo is still OP (imho), can still end the game in very early stages, but beta have a chance at stopping them (not sure on humans b/c I don't play them much)The biggest problem I have- The resource areas deplete after a while (usually a long time at least), forcing expansion, but also expansion is very helpful in the game overall. Humans have never discovered how to counter the enigma of the sloped plane, so if there is a hill they can't expand out of their initial area. Beta have easy expansion, but they are vulnerable during it. These are well-balanced. However, the goo can expand easily without being vulnerable early game, and they can dominate the map. Unless the goo player has poor micro skills, it is rare that they lose.Overall, I'd recommend people to give the game a try while it is on sale, NOT for full price. The campaign is fun, and sometimes challenging. I'd also recommend to play with friends, rather than getting frustrated in ranked against different exploits.Pros:-great campaign, great cutscenes (haven't bought the dlc)-cool units, well designed, good graphics-units effectively counter each other (ex: AP versus tanks, tanks versus infantry)-satisfying wins (competitive)-high skill cap (heavy micro management)-A LOT like Universe at War (one of their older games, played it when I was younger)-good servers as far as I've seen-development team that tries to balance the game, listens to the community-despite my hate on goo, it does require some degree of micro skill-spamming one unit doesn't (usually) win the gameCons:-obnoxious exploits-goo is still a bit off-balance-somewhat repetitive-lacks any kind of memorable ""punch"" (does it's job but does not excel in it's genre)-very small active community-restricting unit cap (maybe just to me b/c I love massive battles) (200, epic units count as 60 if I remember correctly)-people like me who write massive reviews"
,Recommended,290790,14138306,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,EisenKreutzer,"Grey Goo is the RTS I have been waiting for. Macro-focused, slower paced and deeply engaging, Grey Goo merges the classic Westwood RTS (C&C, Red Alert) with modern finesse and excellent design (courtesy of Weta Workshops).If you are like me, this is one purchase you will never regret."
,Recommended,290790,14133091,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,ಠ_ಠ Exil,"Overall it feels like a classic RTS from the 90's, early 2000's (C&C / RA / Dune). There are no special unit abilities which in my opinion adds more to the charm, each unit is strong and weak against another. The units themselve are very interesting in both design and how they move and for once we get to see the Humans as the more tech savvy fellows.The tech tree is simplistic, you get to choose 1 out of 3 upgrades for each type of unit (light, heavy, air, economy) and each upgrade caters to your overall playstyle.Base building and management is interesting and not hard to understand if you have played RTS games before (this apply's to the Human and Beta faction only).The campaign is lengthy, fully voiced and interesting to boot. The missions for each faction can be easy or hard, some are quite challenging taking up to 1 or 2 hours to beat and even some restarts. Some of them are trial and error and that's the charm of them. I was never angry with loosing a mission and having to restart again, I learned the AI's tactics each time I restarted and adapted.And of course, the soundtrack is amazing. But what else could you expect from Frank Klepacki.However, for those that love to play multiplayer in RTS, the game currently has a max of 4 players on maps (ie 4 FFA or 2v2). Some consider this a negative point for the game, some do not.Also, for those wondering about the name (why the game is called like this):http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grey_goo"
,Recommended,290790,14396539,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,GarrickWinter,"This is a tricky game to review because, personally, I came to Grey Goo with high hopes but willing to forgive a lot just to have a new fun entry in my favourite genre that isn't Starcraft. I love RTS games and want to see more of them, so take that into account while reading this review.First, some technical problems. I'm running on a PC that was mid-ranged in 2012, and while the game itself mostly performs fine, the menu system has horrifically bad performance, stuttering at almost every opportunity. The in-game HUD is pretty large, and it's not always easy to tell what's going on at a glance since there's a lot of swapping similar panels out for one another. Unit pathfinding can get pretty bad, units push each other around (including into enemy fire!) and sometimes units seem downright unresponsive.The three different factions are quite interesting. I like the mobile, sneaky approach to the Goo's design, which goes against the swarms-of-units that you expect given the marketing; actual unit production with the Goo (you produce  sneaky, weak units that turn into more specialized units) is really innovative, but it's also tedious and difficult to manage, and easy to lose track of a Protean here or there. Playing against the Goo can become painful, though, because it's so hard to track down their ever-moving Mother Goos. The other two factions are fairly standard in RTS terms, though the Humans have a more lone-fortress approach to base building while the Beta are more about sprawling and forward expansions.In terms of moment-to-moment gameplay, I'd say that it's overall good solid fun, with a nice feel of ebb-and-flow once things really get going. A few caveats: units die extremely quickly and are completely disposable; area-of-effect attacks are, given how fragile units are, ludicrously effective; and the ""epic"" units are too slow and, yes, fragile to feel truly epic (though they do have massive AOE attacks that can wipe out dozens of units at a time, especially the insane Hand of Ruk). On the other hand, the brush cover mechanic that lets you hide units in forests is brilliant, and the developers aren't stingy with that cover either. Combine that with the Goo's mobility and the way that terrain height affects visibility, and you get an RTS where terrain actually matters significantly in combat, which is great.As for the campaign, I've just played through the entire thing, and it's a mixed bag. The developers saw fit to make the AI in the campaign extremely aggressive, even on ""normal""; by the third mission in, the AI was rushing my base with a dozen or more units 90 seconds into the game (a point at which it's almost impossible to have built more than a handful of units). In many cases it pays to avoid and skirt around mission objectives until you can amass a large force, since progresssing through objectives usually triggers even more aggressive AI behavior. There are other missions, though, where it's fairly easy to smash some key bases and wait around to build epics that will destroy everything else. Overall, the difficulty varies wildly, though at least the challenge gives you a sense of accomplishment.In terms of the story components, the cutscenes are gorgeous (best CGI faces I think I've ever seen in a video game), and the narrative itself is original and interesting, with some pertinent themes about science, exploration, and responsibility towards life. Unfortunately, the game itself doesn't let the story shine through; there are story elements mentioned in marketing materials or on official websites (or even on the Steam trading cards!) that never actually get dealt with in-game, which seems silly. Much of the narrative feels rushed, like they had more they wanted to say and do than they actually had the money/time to implement. The narrative has a solid core, but it needs some fleshing out to be truly great.Overall, I would say that Grey Goo is a promising, if flawed, RTS; a pretty good game, but not a great one. It's good enough that I hope they get to make a sequel, and that they get the opportunity to iron out the kinks from this initial offering. With alotmore attention to user-friendliness across the board, and a more fleshed-out and confident approach to the narrative, this game could really be something special.Ugh, given how rare new RTS games are as of 2015, I feel like I just said ""Pandas are pretty good mammals, but they're not great."" Seriously, folks, save the pandas."
76561198048587276,Recommended,290790,30343083,Posted: 5 March,all,รкг๏๏ℓ๏๏รε,"Grey Goo is, first and foremost, not Starcraft. If you like the modern Starcraft-esque RTS that's fast paced, micro intensive, and largely based on twitch skill and on-the-fly adaptation mixed with scouting and mastery of build order, this may not be the game for you. Grey Goo is slow, deliberate, and methodical. The organization of your forces going into an engagement is going to be much more important than what you do in the middle of the fight, and for most of the factions, all of your production is going to be very, very centralized, leading to longer games that focus on large-scale battles. Grey Goo as an RTS is far more focused on the large-scale strategy to the small-scale tactics, and it can be jarring for a lot of people if they're familiar with more micro-intensive games.The Good:- Large faction diversity. Basic units are present in each faction, but infrastructure needs vary drastically and while the same general roles are filled by each class and their units (Light tank, light damage, heavy tank, heavy damage, artillery, seige, scout, air, etc.), how each race goes about those basic goals has enough variety to make playing each faction quite different, especially the unorthodox Goo of the title.- Streamlined economy and tech management. Only the one resource to worry about, and tech, despite generally requiring certain buildings be built, isn't linked to them intrisically.- Excellent UI and menu design. Once you get used to it, the hotkeys for building are incredibly intuitive, allowing for easier base management without having to set your infrastructure to 4-5 hotkeys just by themselves.The Bad:- A very slow game. The standard win-condition requires you destroy the enemy core, all of their factories, and all of their refineries. Even if they literally could not possibly recover, you've gotta whittle away their buildings if they don't feel like surrendering. Which the AI doesn't so practicing against the AI is going to be a bit of a long process.- Buildings are very tanky and supply lines are difficult to disrupt early game, which makes harassment a non-viable option. Early-game can feel very same-y as you scout out the enemy and try and build your forces to counter theirs. The exception to this is the Goo, which...- The Goo, despite being really cool and unique, are incredibly weak one-on-one. They're the only faction vulnerable to harassment because their health is their resource, and because they gain resources so slow early on, it's very, very easy for them to fall into a death spiral, especially on small maps.Great Graphics, Great cutscenes, Fun Gameplay, Unique Factions. This game breathes new life into the RTS genre, introducing unique mechanics and strategies. That along with the pretyt solid story make me have no qualms recommending this to lovers of the genre."
,Recommended,290790,14930100,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,VALIS,"Real time strategy is my favorite genre, and I've played most of them over the past 25 years. While Grey Goo isn't going to make the top-10 of all-time, it is a wonderfully solid and smart game, and a very welcome addition to the greatest genre in gaming.What Grey Goo does better than most, from my perspective, is variation in faction/race type. One of them, anyway. There are three races, the Beta, the Humans, and the Goo. While the Humans and Beta are rather similar -- nicely done but somewhat generic military sci-fi type units -- the Goo are downright freaky! There are giant grey goobly globs called Mother Goo that slither and slime around the map like year old Jell-o, and from their (yuck) loins spring forth all manner of other oddball units, from thick-legged spiders with headlights, to giant, tank-like creatures that look like a cross between a sting ray and a rhino. Just weird, and thrilling. One of the most intriguing and original faction designs I can think of.The single player campaign consists of fifteen missions ranging from 45 minutes to an hour and a half a piece. And that's not counting retries, as this game is hard. Once you get the hang of a certain level you'll see a clear but challenging path to the end (hint: that clear path often involves building epic units), but until then, certain levels will leave you frustrated to tears as you throw all manner of units and strategies up against the proverbial wall and wonder what you're doing wrong.When I finished the game and finally overcame the the epic length and difficulty of the story campaign, it really did feel like an accomplishment. You know that feeling when you plug away at a tough game for a while, curses screamed and pets scared, and you feel wired up and full of energy? I was bouncing around my house for a good 10 minutes after finishing the last level; smiling, laughing, pumping my fist. That's the sign of a great game."
,Not Recommended,290790,15833996,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Sanlumiere,"EDIT: PLEASE NOTE: This review was an accurate reflection of the game experience when I wrote it - I do not plan to update the review since I wrote it regarding a game release for AAA pricing that failed on a number of levels. Many patches do exist, and technical and performance issues may have been resolved. I hope those were successful, but the integral weaknesses of the game's design cause it to be unsuccessful in providing a truly AAA RTS experience. The hotkey system is still brilliant however.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Grey Goo is an RTS offering from a studio many would consider one of the masters of the craft - Petroglyph. Responsible for the origins of franchises such as Command and Conquer (as well as a personal favourite of mine, Star Wars: Empire at War - though the quality of this particular entry could certainly be debated).Grey goo wanders in to the Sci-Fi realm of the asymmetrical RTS, making it directly comparable to the likes of Starcraft 2. A comparison which it would rather avoid given how poorly it ends up matching up.You can certainly make the argument that two races are indeed asymmetrical (the namesake grey goo offer a significantly different play style), the differentiation between the two humanoid species is - dubious at best. The superficial construction mechanics offer a little variety but the underlying units and strategies are not nearly as diverse as one might hope.The game does do a few things excellently however.The hotkey system is one that should be ripped off by any future RTS game developer. The design is elegant in its simplicity and intuitive in a way I would not have necessarily believed had I not experienced it myself.The game is slower paced than contemporary RTS - Starcraft 2 - requiring less micro control from the gamer and a more efficient and considered macro game. You learn quickly that economy is king, and you will - even when facing easier AI competition - find yourself overwhelmed if you don't nail down some early game builds. This leads to some concern over the balance of different strategies in the multiplayer version of the game.The campaign is perfectly serviceable if unspectacular. The missions are diverse, and the game itself looks quite beautiful - but that beauty comes at a cost.The performance issues of this game are the major hampering factor to truly enjoying the experience. This machine is no slouch and the ""real time"" rendering is pretty atrociously laggy. The game also slows, stutters and downright chokes once a certain number of units are on the field. It's worth noting that I did not see any of that in the mission maps, only multiplayer.The menus cruise along at an impressive *cough* 12-15 FPS. The system shows no sign of strain (GPU temps remain a cool 48 degrees for example).So, all this said, is this a recommend or not?Sadly, for the cost, it's hard to justify the expense. I suspect the player base will make multiplayer a relatively modest affair, but once the cost gets low enough, it's certainly a very enjoyable campaign and the grey goo are a joy to play with should you desire to skirmish a little.So, it is with sadness that I do NOT recommend this game outside of a nice aggressively priced sale. I was hoping to find a new RTS in to which I could sink dozens if not hundreds of hours. This game ended up falling short - but in the long run, I don't believe I will regret having it in my library, only that I paid so much to get it there."
76561197971380193,Recommended,290790,14218251,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Sof1an SkiLLz,"Just like the old C&C days, bring on the music and enjoy... the sovjets are back!!! i mean the BETA!!!10/10"
76561198026107058,Recommended,290790,16065721,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Andre B,"(Review update) - Almost a year after this game has been released the balance of the game is still in a bad shape, maps for competitive 1vs1 arent balanced at all, and the factions are as unbalanced as they were in release date, it almost made me update this review and not recommend the game but i still think it can get better.If this game had faster updates and better developer communication with the community it could have been one of the best RTS`s out there.Multiplayer: After playing 334 hours and ranking high on the 1v1 leaderboard im totally jaded with this game. Its not a game you should buy hoping for a lasting multiplayer experience, at least not with what the game offers currently.Single player: The campaign itself is decent with cool cutscenes and a nice lore surrounding the factions, however i wouldnt recommend you buying this game solely on the single player experience, as the campaign itself is not long enough or that interesting compared to the price your paying.Final opinion; So why do i recommend this game, its a decent game with a cool art and functional gameplay that has the potencial to get better if the developers put their dedication back into the game. But as things stands the game is sort of in limbo waiting for the developers get their act together. I will still recommend it because it has potential that`s the main thing to look for in this game.So buy it if you wanna support the developers or just want to play a short singleplayer campaign if you are bored.Dont buy it if you want a solid and competitive multiplayer experience."
76561198094722660,Not Recommended,290790,31763733,Posted: 15 May,all,☠☠☠,"OK, so here's the deal. I won't delve into the actual game mechanics because all the other reviews have done that, suffice it to say that, no, the game is not particularly good anyway.The reason I will not be recommending it today is because, while the devs may dispute this, for many players it's simply an ""always online"" game. This means if you load the game it will connect to the central server (they call it M.U.M.) whether you want it to or not. If you want to play single-player you still need to set up a match through the server (which takes an eternity), and in my experience, if you shut off your internet, the game simply will not work. You cannot even use the ""launch"" button on the skirmishes without it. Even if you're in the game, people are reporting being kicked off single player skirmishes because they lost internet connection. Same issues with the campaign.The developers are DRM maniacs and, much like everything Ubisoft has made in the last decade, invasive and taxing internet-reliant anti-copyright-infingement software is woven into every element of the game meaning that if you don't allow the publisher to run your single player experience through their servers, you just bought a game that does not run. Unsurprisingly then, much like everything Ubisoft has made in the last decade, the game itself is pretty crap. It's just not great. It doesn't look good, it isn't particularly well explained, as an RTS it feels very basic and limited, the voiceacting is awful, jus all round not a great game. It feels like a repurposed RTS idea that was initially rejected that they could tack on to their anti-piracy stuff.Easy decision: Don't waste your money, and treat all petroglyph games as suspect until this behaviour ends."
76561198063389593,Recommended,290790,14171463,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Major_Petrov,"When Someone gives Frank Klepacki an orchestra, there's no way this game could be bad."
,Recommended,290790,14202340,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Plexi,"I've never heard of this game before and what actually sold the game to me is the epic trailer and the game coverage done by TotalBiscuit.I loved the old C&C games and this game just makes me feel right at home with the classic RTS genre. But the game offers more than that.EPIC dynamic music just makes the battles that much epic.Interesting and epic storyline and races.Slightly interesting units, most of em are just generic units that serves different purposes.Currently theres only 4 player skirmish and multiplayer, probably due to the game currently is in their Gold release. There are also performances issues that happens after a while of playing, especially if theres a lot of units on your screen. Also there are some graphic options missing like turning off the shadows and AA (I'm pretty sure it's turned on by default) and that slows down the game for many players that are using a mid-powered system to run it on. Here's to hoping that the game would be patched soon!Classic RTS lovers, this one is a sure buy."
,Recommended,290790,14520881,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Suds1979,This is a refreshing addition to the RTS genre. This game has already become one of my all time favorite RTSs and I can see myself playing it for a long time. Worth every penny. I highly recommend it.
76561197965060389,Recommended,290790,14368648,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Iro,"Fun new RTS, that is perfect for old C&C players."
,Recommended,290790,14133265,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,BlackOpsElf,Westwood is back.Nuf said.
76561198005689422,Recommended,290790,14261413,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,mozark24,"Terrific return to the classic RTS formula prevalent before the age of SC2.+ Engaging and challenging campaign with 15 missions that lets you play through all 3 races.+ Amazing cinematics on-par with the best from Blizzard+ Ranked 2v2 / 1v1 multiplayer ladder+ LAN support+ Terrific music, seriously well done+ 3 Unique factions with benefits and drawbacks+ Focused on macro gameplay instead of having each unit with some activatable ability+ Map builder support (and developer support of the fan made maps!)- Glitchy.  Frame drops and disconnects are a little too common.  Developers are aware and patching.- Balance:  Between the map pool and a couple overpowered combinations the game does have balancing issues.  Teleport is way too powerful and some maps make playing the goo nearly an auto win.Overall, I really enjoy playing the game and look forward to future patches & expansions!  Worth the money"
,Recommended,290790,14155149,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,I enjoy this game thoroughly. Makes me think of a mix of CnC and Starcraft mixed with a MOBA. For the Goo! All shall bow to the Goo!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uz0rpLi6LnU
,Recommended,290790,16343554,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Cmdr_TacoShell,Made by the developers of the original Command & Conquer (ex-Westwood Studios employees) which was the first game that introduced me to the PC Master Race. Combined with another amazing Soundtrack to boot thanks to the man himself Frank Klepacki and gameplay feel like classic Command & Conquer (build and attack) with less babysitting (ie. micromanage). For a RTS deprived fan that just want to throw my troops and not worry about special abilities to maintain in the field and $20 on summer sale this is a no brainer.Also for people confuse why they titled it Grey Goo. here's to enlighten some of youhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grey_goohope i didn't spoil anything ;)
76561198026259734,Recommended,290790,14168623,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Necrisguard,"Finnally a game to quell the full on war carnage I have been desiring.Sorry SC2, the micro battles maybe fun but you never give us battles we can appreciate on the larger scale :)"
76561197994971393,Recommended,290790,26381452,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Occupant,"This is an amazing game. One of the best new RTS games to come out since the Dawn of War series. Incredibly well made; the production values are top-notch. The voice acting, the graphics, the models, and the sound are all incredibly well done. The writing is very solid - telling a familiar sci-fi cautionary tale with an excellent twist.The gameplay is smooth and well thought out. The only complaint I can recall is that the mini-map isn't as full-featured as I expect from a modern RTS. You can't seem to (or at least, I never could) click on the mimi-map to instantly move your camera to that location. But these misses were minor, few, and far between.By far my favorite part of the game was the titular faction. The Grey Goo is the most innovative RTS concept I've ever seen. I dare say that they perform the ""Zerg motif"" better than the Zerg do - and before you declare me a blasphemer, let me explain. Part of the Zerg flavor was always that they arrive at a planet. murder a bunch of living things, and then use that biomass to increase their own numbers. Sort of like a sci-fi version of a necromancer: your fallen enemies increase your strength.And that was awesome. But that flavor rarely found its way into the mechanics, really. Sure, you could infest a Terran HQ to produce an infested marine. But that was it. For the vast majority of the time, you harvested crystals and vespene, just like everyone else. And you spawned units out of buildings (albeit gooey buildings) just like everyone else. Not a lot of the ""murdering for biomass"" flavor in there.But the Grey Goo take that concept to its logical conclusion in the mechanics. You have only one production ""building"" - the mother goo. It can roam around looking for suitable mass to absorb, but it is also a dangerous unit in its own right. It can traverse any terrain, and it can occupy the same space as enemy units and buildings, damaging them and healing itself while it does so. And its health is the only resource the goo needs. It spends goo (its health) to spawn specialized constructions. Mechanisms made from goo that perform specialized tasks (like murdering things from far away). Then, once the murdering is done, the enemy becomes goo and heals the mother goo. It's a perfect implementation of the ""murdering for mass"" flavor that the Zerg made us fall in love with.But the Grey Goo is just one part of this game that makes it so excellent.All in all, a highly recommended game."
,Recommended,290790,14501233,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Cska Raskova,"This is by far one of the best RTS games I've played since SC2 released. The developer brought back a lot of the finesse and strategy that the old C&C games had, and brought that into the modern day with a lot of cool QoL changes, and gameplay features. I have memorable moments just by going against the AI that I simply couldn't have in other games. Not to mention, the soundtrack in this game is phenomenal.Pros:-Graphics; a solid 9/10-Audio; from unit sounds to soundtrack the audio is amazing.-Controls; similar to League, but the default hotkeys make things super quick and simple to build from afar.-Presentation; the SP is well presented, the story interesting, and pacing is well done. Not to mention BEAUTIFUL CGI.-Ships with a map editor!Cons:-Slight balance issues.-Needs more tutorials in my opinion.-FPS issues on 2v2 maps occasionally.-No replays, or commentator functions in multiplayer."
76561198092159210,Recommended,290790,19684682,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Foulkesy,"10/10This game is by far THE most immersive game that I own, or am ever likely to own, on Steam.The graphics are absolutely beautiful and cinematic cut-scenes between each mission tell a rich and inspiring story.  The soundtrack behind it all is immense and powerful, although don't be tempted to buy it seperately as additional content because apparently you don't get all the tracks which are in the game - of which there are many, believe me!In terms of replayability, I have played the campaign about 5 times over now, and multiplayer can give you endless amount of time to practice and hone your skills. I would imagine that the game could be somewhat limited in multiplayer though, as is the case when you play any RTS into the ground.If you like strategy games and really want a game with content for a change, then buy this game in the next sale. It's simply incredible and the community is also really fun to be a part of :D"
,Recommended,290790,14130534,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,2sexy4me,"Initial impressions(1/23/15)The game is fantastic, once you get settled in, figure out the controls (Hits close to C&C) you will enjoy the game. The tech/build structure is great, seems/feels like almost everything is physical, from tank building capabilities to air supplements. However since this is a new game, it doesn't come with a few bugs and quirks, but it's not bothersome. If you like RTS with from what I assume is a great story, then this game definitely delivers.In-depth analysisComing soonConclusionComing soonPoints and featuresThe game layout is very independent, it does not rely on a single upgrade that will unlock every feature in every structure.The graphics are superb, however this being a new game, I believe that the performance can be improved.The game is definitely worth the money. If you're a huge C&C fan you should definitely at least try this game.Has acompellingplot.Tutorial is a bit steep, however if you're a former RTS player of Starcraft or C&C then you should be familiar with the key layouts.Price seems fair.Soundtrack is great.Tl;dr this game is great"
76561198003030375,Recommended,290790,18951156,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,The_Cpt_FROGGY,"Grey Goo:~~~~~~~~On board the LSV Darwin, which is on an orbital trajectory around the planet Ecosystem 9, Lucy Tak is eagerly waiting for the analysis on specimens taken on the surface of the planet. The specialist who took the specimens was attacked by a strange life form and all contact was lost. After talking to Singleton, a human android who is on the surface of the planet, she decides to recall all the remaining surface teams to the LSV Darwin. Mum, the on board main computer (does that sound familiar to all of us) informs Lucy that the specimens reveal two forms of life on the planet, when suddenly MUM suffered a malfunction (what bliss)! Something shook the spaceship and Lucy has only one option…. to enforce a general evacuation and launch all pods toward the planet. At the same time down below, a civilization under the name of Beta is having an un-expected issue with the keyhole due to a minor data burst. At the same time pods coming down through the keyhole! Is it the silent one coming at them? Is it the time to form an alliance between two species? Goo will tell!!Grey Goo is a real time strategy game set on a planet called Ecosystem 9. You will be playing the BETA faction first then the Human on the campaign mode. This is a fabulous game made by the original author (developers) of Command and Conquer which is the game that got me hooked on this genre!Whatever factions you are playing, you will have to generate energy by building refineries on catalyst sites. As you collect energy, you will be able to build structures, the likes of factories, silos and factory attachments (artillery, tank, stealth).  Upon this you will be able to build different types of units as well as defences to beat each level.What makes Grey Goo such a special game is the combination of gameplay, graphics and splendid audio passing with absolutely stunning cut scenes.I rest my case.Positives:~~~~~~~-	Great graphics & audio-	Stunning cut scenes-	Entertaining story-	3 factions to play with-	Single and multiplayer modes-	Trading cards-	AchievementsNegatives:~~~~~~~~-	Umm…NONE!If you are a real RTS fan, you must have this game in your game library!10/10Key provided by developer/publisher for review purposes. Any opinions expressed are entirely my own!MORE THE_CPT_FROGGY REVIEWS HEREFOLLOW THE CPT FROGGY CURATOR PAGE HERE"
76561197971318812,Recommended,290790,26085128,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,ZeroGravitas,"Grey Goo is a blander, kind of budget Starcraft. It has innovative base building and unit mechanics between it's three (initial) very diverse factions and much of the polish, too, with great CGI cinematics and a a raft of relatively 'hard' (i.e. plausible) sci-fi pretensions. But gameplay just lacks excitement somehow.It has novelty, but in the context of obvious derivative echos: the aliens are junky, lower tech (like the Terrans), with South African sounding accents and are more sympathetic that the human faction, with a colder, clinical aesthetic, touting smoothly curved hovering units (echoing the Protos). Their structures need unbroken adjacent conduit connection to the core base building to operate, which is interestingly different.The titular Goo would be the obvious Zerg swarm stand in. They're unique in having no base structures to build, all splitting off bigger mother blobs that harvest resources directly.But as a core concept they're emblematic of the game's lack of pizazz. Fundamentally problematic to work with artistically: typically, the 'grey goo' concept involves out-of-control nano-bots that consume all matter around them, reducing entire planets to a mush of their replicas. Nightmarish and unstoppable.But of course, to fit the RTS genre there needs to be units of some kind to click on and control. So the game goes half way and has undulating grey pancake things and specialised bug-eyed offspring for most offense unit that look kind of arbitrary and ridiculous. It all feels a little too naff, that they can't munch on trees and scenery, or even enemy units all the much, since the game has to be somewhat balanced and playable.The story ark was ok, but predictable and uninspiring for me as a hard sci-fi aficionado. They make use of a fair bit of real world terminology (e.g. Von Neumann probes, etc), as well as genre tropes, which is cool to get it out there, but kind of trite.I can't comment on multi-player, which I didn't really try, with no friends owning the game to play with and little enthusiasm after the single player.By the time I'd completed the main campaign and Emergence DLC I was just glad I'd made it to the end! I struggled a lot with the final missions, not really in a fun way. Although they were presumably meant to crescendo, I had to check out multiple YouTube videos, use save games prodigiously and really take a lot of time sitting around to make sure my Goo forces were built up to max strength before attacking, etc.Overall, if you're an RTS fan then you could do worst than grabbing this while it's on sale. Far more artistic value than Ashes of the Singularity, for example, and slightly better money's worth, with an extra DLC mission and forth faction added on for free earlier this year. So, check it out, why not. :-)"
,Recommended,290790,14154301,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,SiderealAdmiral,"A very solid, old school rts, that plays closer to Command and Conquer than Starcraft. Other than some fps and balance issues which will likely be fixed, the best rts I've played in a long time."
,Not Recommended,290790,21441280,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,ZT,"I bought the game because reviewers said it reminded them of old-school RTS games, such as Warcraft II and Command & Conquer (games I grew up with and adore). However, I was extremely disappointed with the poor level design in the game's campaign mode.The most fun levels aren't interesting or innovative - they merely allow you to explore your units' and structures' various abilities and tactics. Half of the levels have a time limit of some type for some objective that you have to find and protect (rule of thumb for almost any game in any genre - protection missions SUCK by default and need some serious effort put into them to make them fun for players). For me, half the fun of a campaign level in an RTS is getting access to new units to control and to revise your tactics to incorporate them against an enemy (which might also get new units that you need to counter).Also, every single unit in the game feels like cannon fodder, except for the epic units and structures. Every faction feels like the Zerg in this regard, except with much less interesting units. I can see some semblance of a rock-paper-scissors type balance between units, but they all die so quickly that it seems to have a negligible effect on gameplay.TL;DR: Poor level design, boring units, nostalgia-boner status = killed. I regret buying this game."
,Recommended,290790,14155675,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Murkury,"It's about time another good RTS came out.  Obviously, there will be endless comparisons with other big franchises such as Starcraft and Command and Conquer.  While it does share some qualities with the previously mentioned games, Grey Goo successfully presents its own fresh take on the genre while still staying close to the roots of classic RTS games.The Goo faction is what probably catches most people's eyes.  They are a unique faction which relies on taking over the map with self replicating nanobots.  They are unique in that they technically don't have base, and all of the units are produced by breaking off ""Proteans"" from the ""Mother Goo.""  These Proteans can be morphed instantly into whatever unit you feel is suited for a given moment.  The Goo faction plays very reactionary, and requires a lot of multi-tasking during the late game.The other two factions are slightly more traditional.  They are the Humans and the Betas.  The Humans are very good at playing defensively.  Often, it is very difficult to break into their main base due to the wide array of defenses and powerful units they have.  Betas, on the other hand, have weaker yet more mobile units which encourages aggressive play that rewards good micro skills.This game is slower paced than a game such as Starcraft, but that does not take away from the skill required to play the game.  Micromanaging your forces is important as fights generally last longer than they would, again, in Starcraft.  Having a high APM (Actions Per Minute) is useful, but does not present as many benefits as it would in other games.Mechanics aside, the game also features modest-sized campaign.  There are five missions for each faction (15 total).  The campaign is garnished with very impressive cutscenes, and a killer soundtrack.  The story is alright, but the gameplay was fun enough to supplement the mulitplayer.  I would not recommend the game if you were just going to play the campaign and then drop it.Overall, the game is very fun.  In an industry dominated by MOBAs and FPS, Grey Goo has satisfied an itch which has been long overdue.  I highly recommend this game if you are into competitive matchmaking, and hope the game grows to have a modest playerbase.Pros:+Stylish graphics+Great Soundtrack+Decent campaign+Fun, unique factions+Competitive multiplayerCons:-Lack of replays (Devs say it will come shortly after launch)-Menu lag-Somewhat lack of diversity in distinguishing Goo units-AI could be better-Maps could be bigger and allow for more than 4 players at once"
76561197994897424,Recommended,290790,19859612,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,The Church of Flarisu,"I did not play this game's multiplayer - as a caveat.The single player met my expectations for a fun storytelling experience with a challenging RTS campaign.It didn't stick out, but it was definitely worth my time and money."
,Recommended,290790,14187803,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Kuro466,"If you enjoy SC2 ladder play, and are looking for something new, I highly recommend this game. Given the small developer, it's amazingly close to Starcraft2 level quality. Visuals are awesome once you get contrast/gamma tuned up. Multiplayer ladder is very engaging. Cheese exists, as do cheese counters. As a novice, gameplay seems a bit slower and more positionally strategic compared to SC2, though there is certainly room for micro APM to make a huge difference. There are a few ""first release"" bugs, but pretty minimal and as-expected. Windowed-Fullscreen works well. Steam shift-Tab chat stuff is a little clunky compared toSC2/battle.net, but that's half because of steam."
,Recommended,290790,14205124,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,illage2,"We needed a proper RTS, no more MOBA's and Petroglyph once again delivered.  If you play MOBA's exclusively then I can't recommend this game.   This game is more like a real RTS and plays much like Command & Conquer combined with Halo Wars.Break downPros+ Good old RTS Gameplay+ Excellent Keyboard Controls+ Awesome graphics+ Cutscenes are well done+ Map Editor included+ Great Soundtrack+ NOT IN EARLY ACCESS WOOOOOOOOOOO!+ Plethora of options to customise the way you play the game.Cons- Enemy AI can be punishing especially after the third campaign mission.- Poor frame rate in menus and cutscenes and sometimes gameplay (this should be getting fixed soon)- A few options missing such as AA and 1280x720 resolution.Seriously give this game a go.In short this game is well polished and a more slow paced RTS like those seen in the 90's.  Petroglpyh have once again delivered a stunning RTS during a time where MOBA's have taken over.  I'm happy to finally see a game which hasn't been dumbed down to secure a console release and it is a true PC game through and through."
,Recommended,290790,28020491,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,k1rin,"I'd call this game a ""quick"" RTS - one where the matches are over pretty quickly and instead of spending a lot of time on base building, expansion, and resource gathering prior to all out war, it's one where you're generally going to build up and engage pretty quickly with the intent of obliterating your opponent.  In this regard, it's on par with other similar games like Planetary Annihilation.What sets this game apart, and makes it superior, is the goo itself as a faction.  It has a delightfully simple but well-designed, well-balanced, and just fun to play mechanic.  The Humans and Beta are your typical Quick style RTS fare, and play about the same as most other RTS games you've played.  The Shroud has its own set of interesting, fun mechanics as well, but imho, the goo is just awesome and fun."
76561198003867060,Recommended,290790,21086998,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Element,"The Shroud, when domination is on your mind.I love this game. The CGI in the campaign is literally un-matched and has a fantastic short story. A very entertaining RTS that gives you 4 unique factions that play quite differently from one another. I am glad to see the developers are active and keeping the user experience at the highest level.[CAMPAIGN]The story is golden and gives you adequate information on each faction -Shroud, To provide you with confidence when playing the factions in skirmish. Unfortunately the campaign is not very long and leaves me wanting more! This is not exactly bad news simply because it is amazing, just that it leaves you with a desire for more. I recommend everyone that owns this game play the entire Campaign.[SKIRMISH]//Beta -Ironically, The Beta are a Human-like alien race with lesser technology and primitive weapons when compared to the other factions. (ie. [Ballistics; missiles, rockets, bullets, cannons]  Heavy armor, rugged metal designs, simple looking structures.) Nonetheless an extremely fun faction to play as. The Epic is a great utility on the battlefield and can easily sway the odds in your favor. Simple expansion, good variety of units with good stats. Beta IMO are the easiest to play as with their layout of bases, which can be placed anywhere you have vision and space to do so. Overall Beta provides you with a great variety of units and structures to give you a high winning % with a low learning curve!//Humans -Sci Fi-like units and tech, Drones are the primary make-up of vehicles. Teleportation gives you the ability to teleport units to a certain ""visible"" location. Also, teleporting structures across the conduits gives flexibility and many strategic options. Units deal decent damage and the Epic is all-around quite powerful and can quickly shut down the opposition when played correctly. HQ is the central point of your expansion in which you can only extend so far with, sadly. Great defensive capabilities but expanding is rather difficult. Overall Humans give you a slightly harder yet satisfying experience. The diversity of the Humans makes them deadly when you learn the curve.//Goo -A complex algorithm which evolved into a deadly consolidation of nanites that are extremely adaptive. Unlike the other 3 factions the Goo do not have a set HQ, instead an exceptionally mobile ""Mother Goo"" in which can split itself (Meiosis) into smaller proteins in which form units. The Mother Goo is also able to countlessly split and form into additional Mother Goo's that give you easy expansion over the entire map. The Goo are easy to play but hard to master. Goo are primarily illusive and are extremely hard to pin down which give them versatility. The unit make-up is interesting and can leave you favoring only a few for mulit role functions. No air units! Damage and health are not quite as good as the Human and Beta faction, Instead utilize quantity of quality. Having only the need for ""Spigots"" (appear as steam from resource pools) the Goo can indefinately produce units and over time wean down the other factions when they become resource drained. The Goo are dangerous when using ""Zerg-like"" tactics to overwhelm the enemy. The Epic can be had quickly and is deadly in more than one way, able to heal Mother Goo and consume targets (not for health) as well as pulverize from a distance. Overall The Goo are IMO the most fun yet challenging of the 4 factions which require a decent amount of awareness.//Shroud ""Silent Ones"" -Ancient race that coincidentally resemble the Protoss from Starcraft and are equally as powerful! The Shroud is the newest playable faction and shake up the roster a great deal. Able to evolve, overcharge, mimic etc.. The Shroud can easily overcome an opposition's tactics. Unique characteristics for their units which can give them high damage and armor if upgraded properly. The base units can seem a bit underpowered early game. The Shroud has amplifiers which obviously amplify and can evolve into spikes which give you great adaptivity. Unfortunately you can not go back once evolving amplifiers. While not able to set base anywhere from the start like the Beta, The Shroud can however expand when placing structures and exctractors down to provide a larger radius in which to place structures. The Shroud has the most devastating air units IMO and can easily change the tides of a battle especially against the Goo. The Epic is by far the strongest of the 4 factions and as a result needs to be evolved to stage 3 which can take a great deal of time after building. Overall The Shroud are not easy to learn but once understood IMO are the strongest of the 4. (My favorite race)I know it was not a long review but it is worth describing how great of a game Grey Goo is.I recommend this game to anyone that enjoys RTS of any form. The gameplay is entertaining, the graphics are tasty, the audio is crisp, and the CGI is un-matched.P.S. The Shroud aka Silent One's Epic, The Dirge at Stage 3 drops black holes.Would Black Hole an entire race into extinction again 10/ Divide by 0"
,Recommended,290790,14143570,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Nokterian,If you like Westwood and Frank Klepacki. You will not regret it. For oldskool gamers who missed the C&C of RTS this game will bring you back.
,Recommended,290790,14139293,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Hayden,"It feels good. Very slow-paced, in a good way, with a focus on managing your economy in order to be as efficient as possible. The end-game has a tendency to be a bit deathball-y, but that's fine, because that's what you want in this sort of game. Visuals are very nice, the cutscenes in particular. The three factions all have a distinct personality, and the different take on Aliens/Humans in a sci-fi setting is refreshing. Audio production is top-notch, with great voice acting and sound effects, with a particular shout-out to Klepacki's music. This game sounds GREAT.Overall, it's a tonne of fun from what I've played so far. Absolutely recommended to fans of Command and Conquer, or RTS in general during its peak of popularity."
76561198009623982,Recommended,290790,14150892,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Arckhan,"A must have for anyone that fell in love with RTSs through the C&C and RA, and can be well enjoyed by fans of the AoE series.This game brings back the fast paced base building and army building, all while avoiding the need for extensive micro. Victory rest on staying on top of your economy's development and maintaining a well balanced army that makes extensive use of complementary units types, since success revolves around making full use of unit hard counters. If you think you can get away with simply using a massive army of cheap units of the same type agaisnt Hard AI or decent human players, then you're sadly mistaken."
,Recommended,290790,14232365,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Joseplh,"Story: Well made and movie qualityGamplay: Easy to get into and simplified without making it shallowMultiplay: Functional, but lacking some featuresOverall: GET THIS GAME"
76561198117391036,Recommended,290790,14154850,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,DustBust,"Nice game to add to RTS, reminds me of Starcraft but the pace is much slower which I like. Theres limited units and tech upgrades, resources are depleted just like in Starcraft. Each unit provides its own unique strategy to the game.Pros:GraphicsRuns smoothEasy to pick upGreat StoryGood Pace (Not expand and attack as fast as possible)Cons:Limited Units for each FactionLimited TechResources are limitedI would recommend getting this on sale, replayability is good but I wouldn't pay top dollar, the overall structure of the game is great but at the sametime will get repetative due to the limited units and buildings."
,Recommended,290790,14137598,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,TR-8R,"A game that both old and new fans of RTS can get into and enjoy equally. The campaign alone is quality and is well worth checking out. An epic military science-fiction setting and story with well made CGI cutscenes and briefing sections from characters inbetween the actual missions to flash out the story more. Besides the campaign, the game offers a Skirmish, LAN and online multiplayer modes with about about a dozen (I forgot how many maps were there exactly at the time I was typing this review) or so maps although the developers have confirmed that there will be more to come in the future, but fret not as this is covered by the awesome and competent custom map editor which, I hope, to see it grow with innovation from the community!The game is as traditional RTS as it gets but there is definitely a significant and unique take on its gameplay. There are three factions in the game and each faction is unique in its base building, unit variation, aesthetic, design, lore and its playstyle. As the name of the game suggests, the Goo faction is the main highlight as it's significantly different over the other two factions in the game (the Human & the Beta) but this does not mean that the other factions don't have any awesome tricks up their sleeves. All 3 factions are nicely balanced and worth trying out, which one is the best is entirely up to you, and that's the beauty of it.On the technical side of things, the performances does need a tiny bit more optimization as frame rates on a few occasions can plunge down by good bit when many units are battling it out on screen but for the most part the game runs smoothly and it isn't that demanding of your hardware to enjoy the sheer beauty of Grey Goo's battles and the lush world of Ecosystem 9.Overall, Grey Goo is a greatly polished and epic science-fiction RTS game well worth its selling price as it offers a good and quality campaign, a competent online multiplayer and a nice offline skirmish mode with a smart AI that can satisfy both casual and hardcore RTS fans. Petroglyh understands what made RTS games so fun and why it was superbly popular back then, but they also don't fear from bringing out something new! A familiar but unique RTS game that can be enjoyed by fans yet also pushes forward and oozes with innovation... ALL THIS plus Frank Klepacki's awesome, AWESOME music.I am looking forward to seeing Petroglyph expand on its new IP with new and gripping campaigns which will flash out the story and lore  evenmore in the future, I hope for the community and mulitplayer to grow and signifies its success as a really good RTS.My final score for Grey Goo is a superb 9/10 from me. One of the funnest and best RTS games that I've played in years! :)"
,Recommended,290790,14243231,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Orcidea,"A great old school RTS! Currently (end of January 2015) desperately needs some patching and proper performance optimization, but otherwise I love it."
76561197976815428,Recommended,290790,14154586,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Zxynax,"Petroglyph delivers yet again.  A game as fun as universe at war yet not as buggy.The three race dynamic is one that has been in use since Starcraft put it on the map and this game does it justice.  Each of the factions has a unique infrastructure and units that make for wildly different strategies when played.  There is a single player campaign that involves cut scenes and voice acting which has a high production quality.  SP and MP will give plenty of value out of this game.At times there seems to be a balance issue but that may be just my perception with only 10+ hours into the game thus far.The interface could use some improvement in some places, but overall you feel in complete control of your forces and are not limited by interface restraints as you are in some of the other RTSes that I have played lately.Keep it coming Petro.UPDATE #1: Petro, why only 4 players?  We need bigger maps and bigger battles."
76561198041148598,Recommended,290790,14217182,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Blahkey,Best RTS in ages. The campaign is very good even if it is only 15 missions. The ending was a cliff hangar which means there is more content to come. Multiplayer is kind of empty since not many people are playing so play it with friends if you are into multiplayer. Well worth it since the gameplay is new and original.
,Recommended,290790,14131279,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,MC Reb,One of the best RTS games that i have played in a long timeThe factions are all distinct which grants the game a good variety of playstyles which i loveMore games like this are neededwould recommend to any RTS lover as a great game very worth the money
,Recommended,290790,14137856,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Scipi,This is perhaps the most satisfying RTS experience I've had in quite a long time. Absolutely worth your time if you enjoy classic base building RTS games.
,Not Recommended,290790,29571242,Posted: 29 January,all,DaVinMan,"I do not advise any RTS lover to take up with this game, at all.  Multiplayer is reportedly dead, which is understandable given that it's not exactly new at this point.  Worse yet though, single player is crippled by the lack of stable servers.  Really?!  Single-player?  And why is that???  Because you cannot save your game without a good connection to their server.  The supposed Steam cloud support for this game doesn't appear to use the Valve servers; instead using their own.  It would be bad enough if the save just failed ... no it does that, takes a long time to do it, and then if if it fails it actually KICKS YOU OUT OF THE GAME.  (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻    Nice eh?Now before anyone asks, no I am NOT using wireless.  I routinely play Starcraft 2 and Rocket League which require live real-time connections at all times, and I NEVER lose a game or am otherwise thrown out of my game because of connection issues.  Searching through the forums on this issue, I see the developers coyly asking 'well, are you using wireless?' as if that excuses this P.O.S. design!!!Beyond that most irritating issue, the gameplay itself is sub-par.  I like the abilities of the buildings to build in parallel, how resources gaps can pause build queues, and the ability to specific perpetual build queues but then they have crippled the pace of the game by not allowing the player to start with or build a reasonable number of resources at a fast enough pace in the beginning of the game.  The result is that the first part of any match, even in single-player, is a slog towards actual gameplay.  Strategy does enter into the early game in the form of building configurations, pace of resource consumption, types of units that can be built at one time, etc. but it's very difficult to try out the various options without risking complete disaster because of the above save issue.  You may just have to start over and over again just to figure it out.Which brings me to my next point, there is very little explanation of unit capabilities offered to the user.  The various buildings mostly enable various types of units, and you'll be able to make many units at once if you configure your base properly, but you'll mostly be forced to just amass units and zerg rush opponents because you have very little information about what units can do.  Again, see above the for the save issue that prevents meaningful trial and error.All in all, I wanted to love this game.  It's a pretty game in action, and it presented enough new gameplay ideas to be interesting, but it's far too irritating to continue with it in this state.AVOID!"
76561198082421442,Recommended,290790,14217553,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Kuwabatake Kato,very good game most of the bad reviews are people complaining about how their carp computer cant handle it or that it is to hard.
,Recommended,290790,18559599,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,[RFI-I] Wallie,"Its a really good RTS and runs so freakin smooth and what's this you can build a base and use it WHAAAAT?!?! I had a few issues with it running on WIN10 but it was able to fix it by not launching the game from Steam.I do think the factions are a little unbalanced but I didn't buy it to play MP with random people. So can't comment to much on that side of things sorry.- Great GFX- Great SFX- Good Story line- Hard mode can actually be tough at times and the AI (least what I can tell) doesn't seem to cheat to make it ""Tough"".Very much worth getting this game now while its on sale!!"
76561198003381569,Recommended,290790,14155338,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,valefor_sdad,"I have found my FIx for Command and Conquer (the good ones).This is Extremely High production.I Played the first Campaigne, and was stunned at both the gameplay and the quality.I recommend this game Highly."
76561198005980943,Recommended,290790,14351555,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Oompah,"Grey Goo is an interesting game.The design is centered around keeping things simple: there are few units and they have no abilities and not much in the way of upgrades.  The interface is one of the best I've ever seen for an RTS.  And while after playing about 50 online PvP matches I still am not 100% decided on how much meat there is on the bone.  I don't think this is a game of endless strategic discovery.  That might no be a bad thing, it depends on your preference in this regard.As of now I am still having fun, after all the game looks fantastic and it plays smoothly and is responsive.My biggest concern is the design of the factions.  You have to play each faction differently and because of that there are built-in advantages given to each faction and to be successful you must explore those, and in the end it can feel a bit like ""I was forced to play this way"" - because, to be honest playing another way just won't work.Take the Humans for example, you simply have no option to expand.  You have to turtle up in your base.The Beta have to expand, but are much weaker in unit power and compositionthe Goo has to be constantly on the move and making short term, quick decisions since they spawn units right on the battlefield.  You must have a pretty healthy apm to play them well.If you don't mind that sort of paint by number approach to your options then you may end up enjoying this game greatly.After about 30 hours of play time in I do recommend this game for people who are looking for a responsive, fun, old-school RTS game but don't necessarily need a ton of new discovery to be baked in to their game play.single player is fairly short with some cool missions, overall it was fun to romp through themskirmish is there and it's goodbiggest complaint is that multiplayer is limited to 4 players max.  That seems like a big mistake and step backwards in the genre.  This fact alone will assuredly hurt sales and RTS + MOBA games have baked in play groups already established and playing with 3 other friends in a game makes it easier to expand sales and entice new players and expand the community size, which right now seems small."
,Recommended,290790,31074695,Posted: 11 April,all,aruvin,"Grey Goo developed by Petroglyph and released to the PC on Jan 23 2015. On Metacritic(http://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/grey-goo)it has:A score of 77 with an average user score of 7.6#99 Best PC Game of 2015#48 Most Discussed PC Game of 2015If you have ever heard of Westwood studios (makers of C&C and Red Alert) you'd probably played their games before. Ahh, so many sweet memories with the games made by Westwood studious notably Red Alert. My first PC game. My first love. Until EA ruined it. Lol.Can you expect the same game experience in Grey Goo? Probably and I'd dare say this for the record. This is definitely the right step going forward and there is a huge potential for this product/the universe which Petroglyph has created.Not many RTS games can match up with Blizzard's Warcraft/Starcraft standard(s). With Grey Goo, as weird as the name sounds, it's actually pretty good (with some issues).The StoryGrey Goo (GG) is set in the distant future where 3 factions are at war; The humans, The Beta, The Goo and the final battle leading up to another faction? Supposingly to be the greater evil which the Goo is trying to protect everyone from? Sounds confused? Yup. It's a sticky situation.VisualsThe visuals are good. It's hard to explain how good something looks like lol but it's really good. Think of something like Starcraft 2.Each faction unit and base has been designed distinctly. Each faction has a different “ultimate” unit.Each video briefing presented before a mission is beautiful to look at. The characters, their clothing, the background. Job well done there.I have no complaints on how good the visuals are in fact, I was actually surprised that the devs decided to go with this beautiful game engine. Red Alert and C&C wasn't about graphics, it was about game play experience so kudos to the entire team for giving us this visual appealing product. ( and Audio dept team too =p )The ControlsControls are very important when it comes to RTS game as you will be constantly joggling tasks and observing different areas at different times. Dota style. Micro management. It's a good thing the controls are not broken in GG however they are very different. It's hard to use the key binding but maybe thats just me.This is related to the base building design/system. In starcraft, things are straight forward and you know what you want. In GG, a building has “attachment” which enables you to build other buildings to it. And depending on the building you build, you also have a skill menu that you can research or cancel it to pick another research.It takes a while to get a hang on the base building controls and it takes even more time to get a hang on the goo faction because there is no base mgt at all.My personal thoughts:GG has left a very strong impression on me. The campaign was good and challenging. The in-game bonus objectives can either enhance your game play experience or ruin it completely as some of these can be tricky to get.The Units were designed very uniquely across all factions and players can research skills that “alters” the units purpose in game. I like this system but it can be very overwhelming when in massive fights. Micro management gone haywire. It would be great if the UI can be improved to show unit building and skill menu separately.Yes, I want more. Missions should be expanded to troop level just like in Red Alert where we have infiltration levels; spy, submarine, or breaking into a base to save your comrade – anything aside from blowing up your enemies to kingdom kong.I am expecting the Story/Writing to be more interesting for future titles. War/StarCraft has always been very interesting because of it's story. You fight for survival and then each faction has its drama..and then theres Jim Raynor with Sarah kerringan and the zerg..yeah I think GG lacks drama. I want some drama. Lol. It's the “drama” that pushes us on – to find out what actually happens.That push was not here for me.Bla bla bla. Kill this. Boom. Done. Kill that. Done. Kill everything. Done. Whats next? Killl the..-Stop. Ok. I get it. Just kill.-Just having a video to “usher” your audience to the next level is one thing. Having your audience to fight for a reason/fight for certain characters in game which they like/favor is another thing. That's something I hope to see.There's a glaring issue especially when it comes to base expansion. Unless you are a Beta/Goo, the humans will have a nightmare time when expanding their base from one end of the map to the other. I hope the devs can introduce new unit that helps with base expansion. Pity the humans (Lucy) =pMy Summary:Overall, GG feels really good. It is very different. It is unlike any traditional RTS due to the unit & base design. Short on the story side but not bad. Missions could use some some variations. Combat is fun.*drums roll* So, on the scale of 0 - 10, my personal rating for Grey Goo is a of 7/10.ps: If saruk, Lucy and Simpleton can sit on the hand of ruk, i'd give it an 8! xD"
,Recommended,290790,14145893,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,BurnieByrnes,Did not know this existed tilll yesterday. If you loved C&C 3 Tiberium Wars and Kanes Wrath. Then you'll love this game.Frank Klepacki soundtrack is a win win.Brilliant cutscenes and tech trees show you the ins and outs of each faction with lore
,Recommended,290790,14136617,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Skyblade,"Enjoying the campaign so far. Normal difficulty is challenging, so hard will be, well, hard. Looking forward to multiplayer. Took me 2-3 minutes to find someone, hopefully the queue will be faster as more people buy and play the game. If you enjoy RTSs this game will be a good addition to your Steam Library."
,Recommended,290790,34386202,Posted: 20 August,all,Đﾑ√łĐ MØN$Ŧ€Я,"Old-school RTS... and if you're simply sick of SC2 being the only game around. If you want a solo player campaign experience, it's not exactly an AAA title, the multiplayer is much more fun. It's got three races, each fairly distinct, and an old-school type of resource mechanic. It's definitely, definitely a slower-paced game than SC2, and there aren't so many punch/counter-punch, counter to your counter, gameplay mechanics with units and combinations. The interesting mechanics make for a fun time, and the top-level competitive play is interesting enough to keep you around for a time."
76561197991954071,Recommended,290790,14194227,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,the pode,"An RTS that takes the focus away from twitch reactions, and back towards battlefield positioning and map control tactics. Very fun!"
76561198138010399,Recommended,290790,14202494,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Lordshunter,Great game! the visuals are amazing and the game flows really well. The building system is great for all three races and the Grey Goo offers a unique/fresh way to strategize and play the game
,Recommended,290790,33143849,Posted: 2 July,all,ＮＴ ＯＳ ＴＷＯ,"I'm very particular in the RTS games I play and this is one of the best I have ever played. The game is very balanced, such as the firepower of the Beta being matched with the mobility and quantity of the goo. The game tends to bring a bigger emphasis on expansion and defense with a balance of offense, unlike games such as Starcraft which is more offense based. This doesn't mean you can't play offensively, you have a choice. This game is in the Command and Conquer style, which is probably why I enjoy it so much. In this game, it isn't about bigger units, it matters more where you put your units. You can hide units in forests or on mountain tops (only certain units can climb mountains) to ambush armies. Units that would be overwhelmed have a fighting chance when taking an ambushing route. The way the game plays keeps it interesting. If you like base building RTS games, I have to recommend this to you."
76561198048260923,Recommended,290790,14187715,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Jumboplaya,"Played through about 9 missions in the game and a few skirmishes and I have to say I haven't had this much fun in a RTS game since old westwood CnCs and I am loving it! The love is a very strange feeling because everything feels so on point from units' firing sounds, units voice acting, cutscenes, background music (Especially Agile Manuever for human race...soooo goood), to even the explosion from units' destruction...I definitely recommend this game to even those who haven't tried old CnCs. And this game is also worth even if you don't play multiplayer."
,Recommended,290790,16415349,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,MLG Hunter_248,"This game belongs right next to my top RTS games.Haven't played multiplayer but as far as the singleplayer and campaign goes this game is a gem among the rubble.The story is great! Something I don't expect from RTS games these days. I'd go as far to say the storyline is just as great as the one from Starcraft2. (Not entirely but a great start to say the least.)The game itself has 3 very interresting factions although the humans play kinda... mhe, they could use an overhaul to make em usefull... anyway that's my opinionAlso is this a bit slower pased RTS more like the ones from the golden days, it stands next to Red Alert2 & C&C Generals.Also I can't say it enough but this is a fully polished game. Every aspect has been thought about. Not to forget some damn good voice acting and cutscenes.If you are a fan the old play style of RTS games and surely like a good campaign/storyline/SP then this is a must have for you! (Can't speak for the MP, I don't tend to play MP.)"
,Recommended,290790,14402206,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,iSoul_,"For anyone in love with the old Command And Conquer games, get this game.For anyone who wants to try a genuinely challenging game where you have to use the most important muscle of all, get this game.for anyone who finds themselves more often than not bored of playing the same crap over and over, get this game.A genuinely challenging strategic military game whereby you MUST employ genuine tactics to simply survive. Winning is another matter entirely.9/10 - Multiplayer is a bit unbalanced as yet.. you'll see what I mean."
,Recommended,290790,20899686,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Slamminslug,A new free race? well... its a step in the right direction for sure
76561198019779711,Recommended,290790,14205427,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,undren88,"Its hard to find a decent new RTS, this is def one of them, if  you like classic good RTS games then u will like this one :DPlays almost like tiberium wars 3  sorta.  the 3 races have totally diffrent play styles which is awesome.Beta is my favorite , humans were...meh and the goo was alot of fun to play!worth the money, every cent"
76561198032249102,Recommended,290790,17528000,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,TheDavid,"As I read through some of the reviews. I had to make my own. Which I never do unless a game is HORRIBLE or awesome. So here we go and you may not like my opinions but again....its my opinion. I also typed fast so my spelling sucks. GG is an amazing game for any long time RTS fan's or just starting out. The cut scenes and CGI are phenomenal and stunning. The music is some of the best since Total Annihilation... Alot of games these days feel like theres no COMPELLING story anymore, But the story for GG is very well done and at the end of the game you just want more. When it was first released it was very buggy but the developers really listened to the fans which you don't get often. Even though there isn't alot of levels prepare yourself....they can last an hour without you even knowing, The skirmish levels are just as good with the AI. There not just getting resources and rarely attacks you. They bring EVERYTHING at you. Which is fun and hectic. I grew up playing Total Annihilation,Command and Conquer, Starcraft (part 1 only,sorry part 2 was A$$). So I know RTS games. My only complaint was the price and they shouldve added water/navy units! Bottomline is I havent played a decent RTS game since.......I don't even know haha."
,Recommended,290790,23561565,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,TrueWOPR,"Perhaps one of the best games for easing people into the RTS genre due to its hotkey system.  And hopefully with it being $4 on humble bundle at the moment, hopefully the influx of new players will breathe life back into the dying multiplayer that is earning it so many negative reviews.Still don't know why they added a fourth race though."
76561198012670643,Recommended,290790,14154750,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Ventulus,"Grey goo is a fantasticly fun game with an entirely unqiue ""Goo"" faction. If you miss the days of Tiberium Sun and the good old Red Alert series then you'll love this game as much as I do.The campaign is a bit on the short side, but the story and the multiplayer is great!"
76561198109537536,Recommended,290790,14418466,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,OaiaNeagra,"Very solid strategy game. Fun, no frustration, no complicated mechanics that you have to train daily, just a good, solid strategy game that rewards strategy before all."
76561198016179367,Recommended,290790,14190691,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,DeadKillerQX,"the game is  good but the devolopers must add more  stuff to it like 3v3 and 4v4more maps  and  it need alot of patches .... after it, it will be awesome game ."
,Recommended,290790,15728737,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Obey The Kitty =^.^=,Great game and and a nice modern make of the old school rts. yes i agree that there are some small problem but updates are coming and the game has already had some updates and alot of them have been adressed already. This game has some cool factions and some sweet graphics. and for the people giving bad reviews alot of them have had like 10 hours max on the game. yea the interface is new but once you get use to it its very good. i think the guys have done a great job with this game. And people giving bad reviews good chance got there a** handed to them rather than take the time to learn the game. as for the price yes i would say it is a bit too high and thats one thing lower the price please i have so many friends intrested in the game but they are asking a bit much. i have alredy bought myself and a friend a copy but i hope that money goes towards the development of the game . they are a small company give it some time it took sc1 & 2 a good year to get to where it is at now . so if you like the look of the game its only money and you will get your moneys worth . peace
76561198034431437,Recommended,290790,16129254,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Gwi,"Great game with a decent campaign.. The game is cool if you don't mind references from other games including SC..  The Beta and Human are fun to play and  look awesome with some very original ideas.. The epics are great. The Goo is what kills the fun of the game..The Goo is an over powered faction that is impossible to play against.. They have no flying units so to compensate they have endless supply units that can climb mountains, attack from out of range that can only be destroyed by flying units from other factions that have to go back to base to restock ammo..The Goo's multiple bases are mobile and climb mountains which is horrible in the campaign and in mp/skirmishBecause of the Goo faction the game feels half done..It's a great game but its not worth the cost of admittance.. If the other Mother Goo's had a time limit or flying units had endless ammo.. then maybe it would be worth while..  Wait for a sale.."
,Recommended,290790,32971093,Posted: 28 June,all,bwahahahaha,"This game is a throwback to older RTS games like Command and Conquer, which rely more on tactics and building the right set of units instead of giving emphasis on actions per minute. The player who wins is the one who plans beforehand which units it will build and manages to have the most solid economy."
76561198020609363,Recommended,290790,20109332,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,The Implication,"Grey Goo is a Real-Time Strategy game made by veterans of Westwood, the studio responsible for Command and Conquer (before EA bought them and hollowed them out).  Featuring three interesting, asymmetrical factions, the goal of the game is to harvest Catalyst, the one resource in the game, and use it to create units to beat up bad guys.Pros:+Namesake Goo faction is a unique faction that does not construct buildings, opting to instead produce its units from Mother Goos+Unusual movement options combine with a large scale to create a game with an epic scale as well as interesting micro options+Interesting takes on various units; no unit is a direct comparison to the similar-niche unit from another side.  For example: Beta artillery leaves behind mines, Human artillery can fire on the move, Goo artillery leaves a pool of corrosive acid that heals units+Good graficks+Awesome cutscenes and story delivery, nice fluffy universe that makes you want moreCons:-no extremely interesting units aside from the epic units; mostly standard fare for an RTS-short campaign (15 missions, 5 with each side)-Other reviews report poor multiplayer balance-only 4 players on a map"
,Recommended,290790,20984891,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Schism Navigator,"After a year and a free expansion I think I can safely say this was worth the purchase. Here is the rundown.Pros:- Not two, not three, but FOUR asymmetrical factions! Each with their own base building, units and epic unit.- A very traditional RTS with a healthy balance between micro and macro. You will need strategy and tactics to be the best.- Amazing detail to individual units, both in animation and sound design.- A competent single player campaign with pretty CGI cutscenes.- An AI that, after lots of tweaking, is fun in Skirmish with lots of dynamic responses.- Astounding soundtrack by Frank Klepacki with an in-game jukebox! (The OST DLC now includes all songs as well)- THEY JUST RELEASED A FREE EXPANSION-UPDATE! The publisher Greybox have been nothing but amazing with supporting the customers with patches and content.Cons:- A somewhat unoptimised engine can tax systems on ultra settings.- Aforementioned engine means that 4 players is the max limit. Personally I like a minimum of 6 players in my RTS games.- Not many people playing anymore so don't expect an active multiplayer community. Grab a friend or three for PVE and PVP.- Balance for PVP is an issue. Though they are still patching.If you like Command & Conquer, Starcraft, and even lesser known games like Perimeter then you'll have fun with Grey Goo!"
,Recommended,290790,14212334,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,tintsu,"Overall the game is good. Quality is good. There are some small kinks and issues, like region lock (there's a workaround), missing replay functionality (developer confirmed that it will be released later) and some bugs (the game was just released and it's not worse than my previous experience with any fresh release), but nothing that would stop me from playing.Single player campaign starts off slow, but gets better as it goes on. Towards the last part of the campaign there's much revealed about the story and it gets good. Campaign is of good quality although a bit short. In the end, it's worth the price of the game and I will not hesitate to buy the game again.As an old cnc/ra fan I definitely recommend Grey Goo if you enjoyed those old rts games"
76561198007825933,Recommended,290790,14612353,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,bisugz,Petroglyph games (westwood studios before) did it again. this RTS game blew me away.. I recommend this game to everyone who loved the cnc series.
,Recommended,290790,33938822,Posted: 31 July,all,"[SBT] Fedaygin ""Dune Books <3""","Voice Acting during missions & briefings are Perfect & the Product looks beautiful both during Missions & @ Mission Briefings. Also Music is created with fine Touch & massages Ears when in beautiful Grey Goo world. Grey Goo may have a steep learning curve for newcomers to Rts genre ""also some new cool features even for Vets"", but the intuitive tutorials & UI will guide those who r interested to learn :) Done @Video Tutorial via extras ""if i recall"" & can see Encyclopedia where many things explained. I love the new design for Patrolling for ex. as it's welcome for the Genre. Grey Goo Gives the feelz of a Complete RTS package & @Darker times for Rts genre It helped to show there's life yet in there.. Formed by the likes of Command & Conquer series, Great Dune 2, Dune 2000 & Emperor: Battle for Dune <3Latest one that still has Clearly Best Soundtrack when comes to Rts Genre or heck even in whole gaming if think of it with wider view.. Such beautiful tracks on Emperor: Battle for Dune & kinda shame it wasn't released like 5-8x years later. Battle For Dune OST is on my Phone Playlist. Back to Grey Goo: Some Missions have weird lvl design, but after some thinking nothing too complicated. @Times it felt strangely punishing even on Normal Diff. & that i always use or highest to get the feelz of job well done.Final Thoughts: Grey Goo totally is the C&C we never get after it started to go downhill.. After all it has some Devs who have worked for a long time on C&C series. By using C&C's roots as a base to build upon, Petroglyph Team created a solid piece of RTS history with Grey Goo. Adventure that i strongly recommend & especially for fans of Westwood's work.. :) My fav. Faction in there is Beta & shame that couldn't adventure more with them. Seems that devs won't give expansion where could fight with using Shroud faction or against them.. :/ High School rating: 8.5/10 & happy to support :)"
,Not Recommended,290790,15318560,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Software2,"I really loved this game. Despite its flaws, I really did.But the developers not only ignored the community for months, they've begun actively spitting at the most dedicated fans. Do not buy this game. Do not support any company that treats its fans this way."
76561198005429506,Recommended,290790,14155793,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Megax780,"I've played quite alot of RTS in my time from the good old command and conquer series to starcraft then warcraft, and few others great RTS Classics.  I have to say Greygoo is a great addition to the RTS genre's I mean I haven't seen a good RTS since Dawn of War back in 2008. Once I heard about Grey Goo I though what the hell is this! Then after watching videos and actually getting to play the game I loved it. I mean music in the game is made by Frank Klepacki and if you enjoyed all the classic command and conquer music and  red alert 1&2 my god he does some good stuff. I do recommend this game to anyone who likes the old feel of an RTS building, expanding and waging war upon your enemies.The GreyGoo may be a very odd name for an RTS, but actually it fits quite perfectly for the Race the Grey Goo and what I mean by this is the race is very unique from any RTS I've seen the way you can form your units and gathering resources  it different, then your Goo can run over everything and when I mean everything I mean EVERYTHING!!!! it insane."
76561198005406191,Recommended,290790,31383115,Posted: 26 April,all,servvsumbrarum,"Greetings!  Grey Goo is the RTS that restored my trust in the genre. For the longest time I felt the age of the RTS was gone or going; the issue being that many of the largest names in the industry had stopped making them or had gone out of business.  Then, this little gem came out of nowhere!  I really feel this game belongs up there with the greats of StarCraft, DOW, C&C and Homeworld (there are many other amazing RTS).Back to Basics:  As an RTS the core mechanics are very classic, the style of the units, their movement and how brutal the battles are.  There are some very large battles (mind you not as big as the TA series) and none of the units have really much to micro.  Gone are the activatable abilities and skillshots that seem to be popular.  Thankfully the game does maintain a modern approach to controls having queue commands, production queues and even short cuts for almost everything.  One interesting thing I found was the shortcuts for buildings and units.  It uses an innovative command similar to MOBA using only the Q W E R T keys.  This creates a very fast build style if you know the keys as you have to press the buttons in a sequence.  For example if I wanted to build something I’d first have to select what type I’m building (Structure, Light, Heavy, Air, Wall) then the specific unit (Commando).  The game even goes back to the classic ‘wrench’ to repair things.Classic Graphics with Modern Effects:  The game is nice to look at but instead of a super stylized appearance or realistic approach the game goes more to what I can only describe as classic C&C.  This may sound like a bad thing but the game is polished to a shine, the effects are amazing and models despite being old school styled are detailed and individual.  Even the cut scenes are amazingly well done; my one sadness is there wasn’t more story!  I want to know so much more than what the game showed and told me.What do I do:  My one major complaint was the tutorial system, it was kind of lacking, just little blurbs of text that you click on to help you figure out what you are doing, a game with this uniqueness needs more.  Which brings me to one of the coolest things about this game:  every faction is unique, from the way they build to the units they create and even the method in which they acquire resources is different from the others.  You have a faction who only builds buildings in attachment style (think Halo Wars), a faction that uses power lines (basically) and one that doesn’t even have buildings.Going forward:  I really hope to see more of this game, they already gave out a free extra mission and a new faction; there was also a small DLC that explains what happens to another character but I haven’t seen anything else coming out in a while.  But I remain hopeful as they have brought things out in the past.  I’d also love to see more stories, background and just more.  The source material for this game is amazing.Ultimately this game can be summed up as an amazing RTS with old school style and modern mechanics.  It needs a bit of work on the tutorials and the Goo faction really needs more direction (it plays so counter to the others it becomes hard to see how to be effective) but I’d definitely grab this up if you are an RTS Fan."
,Recommended,290790,19298269,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,†<CC>< ShaddaShk,"Enojyed this game very much. Yeah, maybe it can be seen as ""similar"" to Starcraft, but I enjoyed the slower gameplay and the different storyline. Some parts, mainly when I was playing the Goo, were difficult and challenging for me to play.But the real impact was in the ever present spreading ""Silence"" that slithered throughout the whole storyline worse than the Goo weasling it's way into my base. I love it that the Silence was never defined in this, the mystery made it more impactful, more of a deadly and malicious enemy. My two favorite scenes was when Singleton gets to see the spreading Silence from the Goo's view, and also the ending credits with that dark curtian creeping closer and closer to Eco system #9? Wow, devs, very nicely done! Looking forward to the continuation of the story.Recommend if you enjoy story line along with some action stragety. Not Recommended if you're looking for another Starcraft with complex units and tech trees."
76561197972516329,Recommended,290790,20900940,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,JDPUK,Added a fourth faction today along with several other updates across the game for FREE - continued support of this game. Great to see!
76561198010128699,Recommended,290790,14160337,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,"Simon, The Kind Cutthroat","The game does indeed give the early c&c vibe. It looks and plays rather smoothly, except the occasional random framedrop, usually when there are many units on the screen moving/fighting or many buildings explode at the same time (surrendering)It feels like there are some optimisation issues at the moment, but I dont think its anything that cant be patched. (EDIT: Tried many combinations of settings, from lowest to highest, it all laggs under the same circumstances, to the same degree regardless of graphics detail. At least, I couldnt spot any difference)It is really refreshing to see a well made RTS in this day and age, that plays so well, however I agree to the critics assessment of the units being a bit bland, and there not (yet?) being enough of them. I'd also add more choices for upgrades.Even as it is, I'll probably have close to as much fun with this gem as I had with the Red Alert series, especially if they add more content, extend the map editors capabilities (which is promised), and fix the few optimisation problems.I cannot comment on the campaign, because I hardly ever  play those, but I have watched the cutscenes while my friend played the campaign, and they are superb quality.TLDR: Well made classic style, fresh RTS with minor optimisation problems as of now. Big potential for updates/more content. It is lacking a bit of variety of units/upgrades atm. A+ quality cutscenes."
76561198074050516,Not Recommended,290790,25400268,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Gametrenches,"A decent game, but the lack of anything higher than 2v2 (such as 3v3 or 4v4) hinders the experience and makes it quite hardcore (whitch is fine but I believe this emphasis on intensity over fun had most of the players leaving) in fact I was playing on easy and despite my rts experience couldnt beat the 3rd level in single player. So single player is tough, multiplayer most ppl have jumped ship already. Only buy if you know those two factors to be fact and you don't care."
76561198000751209,Not Recommended,290790,28824971,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Jubblator,"Very simplistic in many ways (low unit variation, few units) with a HORRIBLE Ai in singleplayer...seriously the Friendly Ai wont attack to help you and the enemies tend to stand 5 meters away with units peacefully while i reduce their base to ashes...I thought it would be a nice single player experience...its not.Nice upside are the short cutscences...thats it pretty much.Not to mention the oh so friggin tedious SLOOOOOW movment of units and gameplay...i mean im not a StarCraft pro or even newbie, but this slowpoke kind of management bored me to death inbetween engagements.Dont recommend it for the single player (not going to play multiplayer)."
,Not Recommended,290790,15339287,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,MisterCoes,"You have probably heard enough about this game to have doubts. In short, don't buy it. Look up the Grey Goo's subreddit, the forums, anywhere. You'll find this is a half-baked game with game breaking bugs and balance issues that all of us who coughed up $50 to buy sadly regret.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
76561198077024471,Recommended,290790,21092352,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Deacon Rapier,"THE BOTTOM LINELets be straightforward, this is a good RTS game, it has great balance and lots of unique units. Each faction is signifigantly different, not just from the units and the type of gameplay. The soundtrack is fantastic, and the campaign is very nice how it tells out the story. This game feels a little like the first starcraft, because it feels special enough that I think this is a game that belongs in everyone's library.WHAT SHOULD BE IMPROVEDNow that is said, this game still needs improvement, it is a lot of fun, but the game feels like it is still missing something, there are just not enough units and buildings and feels like it is lacking depth. There are a very limited number of upgrades as well, which also adds to the feeling that the game is lacking in a little bit. That can be improved, and I really hope they keep releasing new content or even an expansion to the game, it could make it fantastic"
,Recommended,290790,26467266,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,w.roylance,"good fun that is right at home for Command and conquer fans, it is different but in a good way, speed is key in this game and the AI can provide a decent challenge, looks good sounds good and with 4 awesome factions, (shroud is great) it is well worth its discounted price, need to get into the single player but for someone who just wants to build a base and an army the skirmishes are great fun"
76561198063116220,Recommended,290790,14205002,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,jozsab1,"This is the only RTS released in the past 1 year ? First one after Starcraft 2 DLC....Hard to compare it with anything as long as there is nothing else similar.The game is quite decent overall. Would play it again.Pro :- finally an RTS game ! ( steam says bejeweled is an RTS game .. )- factions are different and you will probably use different aproach to win- graphics are nice. Cinematics are well rendered..polished- has that awsome feeling that unless you manage to exploit the enemy AI you will probably restart the map. You need a good defense with a good trade ratio than an offense- units have positioning advantages : bush, siege, wall....- playing with Goo and having 10 mother goo is just funny to cap out unit count within seconds. Than the whole map moves...Neg :- collision box of units is quite large- when you order units to move, they push other units aside that will not move back to their place. Annoying as you want siege units to stay in the back at specific positions- enemy AI will wear you down unless you have a clear win strategy- at maxed out unit cap, my pc lags a bit"
,Recommended,290790,14212039,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Nova,"Gooey Game is Ooey Gooey.I like this game. It's a throw back to Command and Conquer before EA f**ked that series up the pooper.It's also deep enough to allow for some planning and management, the three factions are unique enough and have their own srengths and weaknesses. So far the story is fantastic to play, great CGI and great voice acting too."
76561197999627397,Recommended,290790,14207256,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Aklarath,"This Game is great !!! it has the 3 factions somewhat like starcraft, they are equally diverse and the blob faction is so weird. The only bad thing which I hope they fix is the lag and crashing when you have 200 units all at once I will also say that multiplayer does not work which is a big let down matches de synch and crash and are impossible to actually set up with for a game with a friend. Please fix the multiplayer its the only let down here"
76561198007488824,Recommended,290790,14192459,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Murigrim,"I have been waiting for a game like this for a long time.Although as of this moment I have not played the game as much as I would like to, that is not down to the game.the game itself gives me the feeling I use to get when playing games like starcraft and age of empires or command and conquer.this game will go down as a classic and any fans of RTS games should get this.prosgood graphicsnice AIthe alien races are done very wellfeels like an RTS should feel.consonly 3 races - although they are done very well.had some display issues with resolution but eventually resolved it.sound on some of the cutscenes is low"
76561197963925371,Recommended,290790,14160028,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,MadSkullz,"While SC and its ilk continue to dominate the RTS genre, there's space for CnC style games which emphasise strategy over clicks per minute.It's a very well produced game, and while 2 of the factions are a little similar the third adds a good deal of spice and gameplay dynamics we've not seen in RTS before. While Universe At War (Petroglyph's last RTS) was innovative and interesting, it suffered from GFWL and the baggage of a controller-based setup scheme (someone somehwere thought peasants should have an RTS). This isn't burdened by any such limitations, and is very obviously a PC game from the ground up.So - this is more macro strategy than micro management, and I think it's better for it. Don't for a minute assume there's no build orders, counters or clever tactics to be had here - there are plenty - you just don't need to (in fact, you can't) micromanage your resource collectors etc. for a 5% advantage over the other player.8/10, 9/10 with rice."
76561198008984856,Recommended,290790,14128849,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Big Mike,"As a long time generals fan i am loving this so far, just gotta convince my friends now :D"
,Recommended,290790,32752416,Posted: 24 June,all,elomenopee,"The best RTS in the last ten years, hands down. I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game. 10/10 Can not wait to see what this team produces next"
,Recommended,290790,14129688,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Tonez,"Plays like Company of Heroes and Warhammer 40kCinematics are Amazing Sound quality is AceGameplay was smooth already i can see unit micro management is going to be key due to the collision pathing they have.Its a nice break from Starcraft 2 but has lots of potential in being as competetive. Dont expect it to play like starcraft though, unit damage wise.If you haven't been following this game for a while the 49.99 price tag might be too step. So if your unsure id say wait till it goes 15 - 20 percent off."
,Not Recommended,290790,14332019,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Minitrue,"An impeccably produced RTS that harks back to simpler days, there is a lot to like here for fans of RTS - but there is also a lot not to like.There are a number of issues with this game that whilst on their own wouldn't amount to much, taken together they really spoil what could otherwise have been a great game.Problems include -Sloppy click registration. At times the game will blissfully ignore a click or two at a critical juncture - whether this is because its cycling through a unit animation and can you please just wait a minute for me to finish, or whether at other times its just a fug of having to click something twice, overall the control can at times feel a little sloppy and sluggish. For an RTS that wants to turn the clock back this is something of a killer problem - good control feedback is a must for this kind of game.Frustrating / Unimaginative campaign play. Endless hordes of hordes. Again. And Again. And Again. Whilst the campaign cut scenes are absolutely top notch and the story is interesting, the actual level design is abysmal with the same idea spammed out endlessly. Not to mention a difficulty level that staggers wildly from tricky to insane, and some questionable tactical choices can make some levels a real turn off.Dodgy unit capabilities. The Flying hand of Ruk. Which has to navigate through doors. Because it can't fly over a wall. Or cliff. Or anything. On its own this is a trivial point. But when added to the sloppy control and poor level design just ends up making you want to repeatedly smash your head into a wall.And don't get me started on the tactical genius of the forest cover which hides units within. This is a great idea in theory. In practice against a spamming level design its a chore fest of sniffing units out, wiping them out, only 5 seconds later to have your scouts wiped out and the enemy grief sniping you all over again. Wise tactical decision ? Yes. Enjoyable gameplay ? Hell no.All of these problems pretty much sum up the game - love and effort has obviously gone into crafting this, but along the way they have made mistakes, cut a few clunky corners or made some just plain bad decisions which turns the final result into something of a flawed experience.If you can see past the flaws then this is a solid old school RTS game.If you can't then this game is a frustrating piece of meh - albeit with lovely production values."
,Recommended,290790,14133016,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,tRuTrIx,"Great RTS, but needs a little more polish, especially performance-wise.To ammend my previous statement:The game stopped crashing on me after 2 weeks. No idea why."
76561198010510742,Recommended,290790,14200935,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Ouroboros11,"While this genre is now often called the grandpappy of MOBAs and Tower Defense games in this day and age, I'm still an avid fan of RTSs and Grey Goo does not disappoint! It takes many of the best elements from the C&C series and incorporates some progressive new ideas of it's own!- Single player is incredibly well polished, with great cutscenes, although the story itself leaves something to be desired.- The QWERTY hotkey-bar setup takes a little while to get used to but is generally much more user friendly than other RTS hotkey configurations like SC and AoE.- The foliage cover mechanic is a fun twist to traditional cloaking.- So far balancing between the three factions looks solid, but I haven't played that many multiplayer games yet so we'll have to wait and see if it still feels right after that.- I enjoy having the resource rate meter on the top right, like Supereme Commander and other games in that vein vs. just a straight up resource count.- The multiplayer games I've played with my friends so far have been action packed from the get-go. Even with 2 factions having walls, turtling doesn't seem to work as a valid strategy for too long.- The unit upgrades in the game are more strategic than, ""This just makes my units beefier,"" like SC2 where you pretty much have to get some upgrades without thinking too hard about them.- The Goo is probably the most unique faction I have EVER played in any RTS game. It will be a lot of fun to master!My only major gripe with this game is that the multiplayer scene looks a little scant so far. More people who love RTSs (of which there may not be many) please buy this game so I can play with yo'll!!! :D"
,Recommended,290790,20110769,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Konoko,"Game reminds me more of Starcraft than Red Alert series.But hey, I don't mind, Grey Goo I would say is one of the best RTS games released in the past decade.If there were more RTS games that were coming out which weren't absolutely a complete waste of time, then I should think Grey Goo might still be up there on my top five list. Because it's really sublime. Good soundtrack, good gameplay, all the modern conveniences of a modern RTS (which I appreciate).Ordering your units around just feels smooth. Unlike some other games, Grey Goo just feels uncluttered and simplistic. I love it. The shortcut keys to quick select units and buildings makes one feel like a pianist, and I love that too. I also like that, it seems to me, the tips on the loading screens are actually useful for once. And that's awesome.The Grey Goo faction is also pretty neat.Also, I can't stop saying Grey Goo for some reason. It's a name that really rolls off the tongue. Bonus points for that.In short, it's an RTS. You like RTS? Get this game. If not? Don't bother. I mean, obviously don't bother, you'll never have fun if it's not your thing. But yeah. Game is good."
76561198056577779,Recommended,290790,14215275,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Chaoscat2001,Do You love C & C? did you love halo wars ? well if you did this game is for you.
76561197961161953,Recommended,290790,28171629,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Zolace,"This is a VERY well-polished RTS!  If you bought it for $60, you did not waste your money.  Grey Goo is on par with StarCraft.  Its races are well-balanced, the gameplay is smooth, the AI can be challenging (if you want it to be, if not the lower difficulty leves are very forgiving), the tech trees are well thought out, and the single player story is decent for a RTS game.  The races manage to be similar to each other, yet different enough that you will be using different strategies with each.  The most wildly different race being the game's namesake, the Grey Goo itself.  This alien sludge is as wierd and innovative an RTS faction as they get.  You don't build any buildings, you just roll a blob over enemies and resources, get massive, and spawn stuff.  It's like The Blob from the old scifi horror movie, only it can turn itself into alien machines.  It's the sort of thing you'd expect to see on an episode of Stargate SG1.If you're an RTS buff, I definitely recommend this game."
76561197965939575,Recommended,290790,19230261,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Pickle Zorak,"This is a great game.  If you like a game that has a good, well thought out story with RTS then you will love this game.  Made from some of the veterans of westwood studio's you will find the game play to be very reminiscent of Command and Conquer.  Fantastic game!  I can't wait to see more."
76561198122191063,Recommended,290790,19324710,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,kILLjOYY,"this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Unless you're a ♥♥♥♥ing genius whiz at popping soldiers outta your♥♥♥♥♥then this game ♥♥♥♥ing hard. the single player campain is fun, I do like the lore but ♥♥♥♥ man, I have not won a game yet in the pvp section is there some trick im missing the what the hell. Its fun until you realise you cant win because you are a terrible player. very much a confidence killer and made me feel like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ person. BUT, im going to master this game and ♥♥♥♥ everyone over eventually. hopefully. maybe."
,Recommended,290790,14203463,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Jayschwa,"A competent RTS, similar to C&C. The gameplay aesthetics are kind of bland, but the single-player cinematics are surprisingly well-done and so is the soundtrack."
76561198028015061,Recommended,290790,14239775,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,hector552,love the music love the game its a new rts which its no common nowrdays so if u like rts games buyit ( worth every euro)
,Recommended,290790,25050260,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Herne the hunter,"An Exellent RTS game that take's many of the features of older strategy games, and gives to them fresh graphics and an interesting storyline.With four unique faction, each with an interesting playstyle this game has plenty of gameplay that relies a lot on unit placement and range's for your tactics, forgoing activated unit abilities and support powers that many other strategy games have.With a large and intriguing campaign that has missions for three of the factions (the fourth was put into the game later) you will learn how to control each faction as well as learn about the history of the Grey Goo and how it relates to the other factions.Though each of the factions is fun to play they all have only a limited number of units, thus limiting the potential tactics useable. With unlimited resourses on the ground you can take your time and push forword at your own pace to victory.One slight negitive is that each faction has an epic unit, which while fun to use the only real way to kill one is with another epic. This means that all of your other units will do you no real good against one thus further limiting your tactics.All in all Grey Goo is a fun Rts that will make you loos track of time with its awesome campaign and great factions for your tactical enjoyment."
76561198009192659,Not Recommended,290790,28887604,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,K2D2,"I can't reccomend this game.The single player campaigns are well done and serves well the purpose of telling the Sci Fi story of the GOO universe. That being said, the Devs really dropped the ball when it comes to skirmish games vs the AI. Small maps with confining placement options for initial bases, makes this game underwhelming for playing anything beyond the campaigns.It's obvious the development money for this game went into visual UI design, CG cut scenes and pretty landsacapes. Because  the core basebuilding mechanics, map variety and units in skirmish seem an afterthought to the CG story.Given that, I cant reccomend this game for purchase. After the single player campaigns, there is nothing more to offer from this game. And that's a huge dissapointment for RTS fans such as myself and anyone whom enjoys waging SCI-FI war, at any scale, (and not just very small venues within very pretty maps) on a supposedly large fictional planet. And just for the sake of the sheer digital fun of playing a RTS game.Skirmish simply just fails to deliver, in terms of map size, unit and structure variety, and outside of playing the goo, placement options for structures.Not worth the purchase price untill the price plummets significantly, thus justifying a game of very limited (or non existant) replayability. And for an RTS that has nothing beyond it's campaign, thats your call.That being said, at or about $12 USD is about right. But when you consider a DVD cost of 3 or more titles for the same price and hours of enjoyment....well once again. Your call, as those definately go back on a library shelf but CAN be enjoyed again at a later time. As the OS that drives a DVD player, doesn't render ones old DVD's obsolete and unusable for enjoyment."
,Recommended,290790,27710203,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Vancer2,"This game is made by the developers of Westwood Studios who had enough of Electronic Sharts crap to leave and develop Petroglyph Studios..Now that I have your attention. Let me start off by saying this game has a very good Command and Conquer feel, while also having a Starcraft 2 Rock, Paper, Scissors triangle of units to counter what with what. The graphics are amazing and the workshop for making maps is alive and well.The 3 unique factions are the Humans, Beta and the Goo, The humans are trying to find places to colonize. The Beta (pronounced Bee-ta) are trying to escape from something, The Goo are trying to absorb everything om nom nom. If you loved all the C&C titles (Except C&C4 we don't talk about that aborted fetus) Give this a shot. Its definitely worth the full price."
76561197970616511,Not Recommended,290790,33894510,Posted: 29 July,all,JojoTheSlayer,"While the production values are great and the game tries a few new things. The single player part is very boring. I dont really buy RTS games for the MP so I cant speak for that, but the single player feels like very good cut scenes. Followed by missions were you have to do A-B-C-D etc. Because if you do A-C-B its game over. The startup of every mission is the same and tedious because you can only do ONE thing. For example on several missions you dont even get to build a single unit before you are being harassed by the enemy if you dont do the ABC and you have to restart because its just a matter of time before you lose the gain over time very slowly. Another thing that makes the game boring is the heavy focus on tower defense. Your starter faction for example can only defend itself IF it has units in towers. Thats it, that is their thing.. And guess what their super unit is? Yeah, a 5x flying and moveable turret platform!I played until the Human faction and a few more missions, but the whole single player game just feels like tedious trial and error on rather small maps where only one tactic works and every mission start is just ""sit there and watch A being built slowly, then B, then C and now you can build some units. Oh wait, incomeing enemies, you need a few more towers there and here..."" FFS. Do anything else and you lose.Top it off with uninspiring units and lackluster sound effects and the game becomes more of a chore than anything else.The music at times, is good though. So you can consider buying the soundtrack. :) Otherwise this is a sales only and only if you are RTS desperate!"
76561197995110566,Not Recommended,290790,14174597,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,HaloWarrior44,"Alright, so Greygoo is an RTS game that takes place on a distant world where three races duke it out in all the sci-fi glory you could want. First, there are the humans who have an interesting way of base building where you are tied into building power grids to extend your base. It's an interesting take on base building while the other base building race, the Beta are set up like Halo Wars take on base building, you only have four points to build on from your HQ. After that you have to call in extra hubs to start new bases. There walls can also be mounted by various units for added defense! Next comes the 'revolutionary' Goo race that has no base building to speak of at all. As mentioned the Goo have no buildings at all, instead they have Goo Mothers which are essentially mobile HQ units that spit out goo units while they also have the ability to consume any hapless enemy units that get to close! Got the basics of what's going on here? Good.Now this game is supposed to lure you in with the tantalizing idea of facing this Goo enemy that eats units and can cross over any terrain for the most part. Sounds exciting right? Well, not quite. I'll get to that later, first the good!Pros-High level of detail in maps-Professional looking cinematics-Good Voice acting (Always adds a nice touch in any game! Mostly. Eh)-Sharp looking units-Soundtrack (Very inspiring)-The goo!Cons-Bad AI pathing-Bad campaign AI-Invisible walls-The goo!(Who would of thought?)-Campaign leaves you on a cliffhanger(Alright so its not a real con, *shrug*)The campaing is something to be lauded, at first anyhow. The campaign consists of 15 missions in all, and interestingly enough you get to play as every race during the campaign! The first five missions you play as the Beta, the mid part of the game finds you playing as the Humans, and for the final five missions you are the insidious, ravenous Goo!(Ahhhhhhh!).The Beta missions are fun and are a nice introduction to the game mechanics, the game shines in these early missions as you plod through lush rainforests in defense of your home planet from these mysterious invaders in shiny vehicles. (Hint: They are not the Goo). The game runs fine until you run into Goo, the goo do change the gameplay and that's interesting. Truly it is. But it turned out to be a bit of a let down in all honesty. (Heres looking at you 'The Trench' and 'Crash site') I expected the goo to come in waves, to come tearing into my base and just start munching everything. It didn't to my dissapointment. As it turns out the Goo is very much like the other races in terms of units. One thing I noticed, especially on the Crash Site is how annoying it is to hunt down the Goo for good cause you always seem to miss one of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Goo mothers somehow, and then you have to chase that one across the map, it's not really a challenge, it's a test of patience really. I had some fear for the rest of the campaign missions that this would be a recurring theme.Mission: Crash site tips!-If you initial base is shot to hell, rush to build a repair pad, when you get the second Hand of Ruk bring it to your base and begin a fun process. Have one of your hands of ruk hunting goo mothers whilet the other gaurds your base and heals from the repair pad. RInse and repeat.-Drop refineries on any resource veins you uncover! You can actually wall off half the map and man the walls, thus funneling the goo out into the open where it is easily defeated. Unorthodox? Maybe, but it works!From the Beta campaign the game throws you into the Human side of the conflict where you and your robot allies seek to protect yourselves on two front's as the war heats up. The human's way of base building where you are tied into this sort of expanding grid system is a bit weird. Worse, if the grid is destroyed any buildings tied into it at that particular spot and beyond it go dead. I enjoy how you can spam artillery and turrets and basically turn the game into a tower defense game in most missions.The human missions are also where you run into some annoying and or game breaking moments. Theres a campaign mission called 'The Observatory' that finds you facing down three Beta commanders at once in what promises to be an epic battle where you face overwhelming odds to save one of your only other human friends who survived the crash. I discovered something that kinda made the whole mission a cake walk.......Mission: The Observatory tips!-Build your defenses up at the elft entrance to your base, put up walls, spam turrets and artillery.-Rush for invisibility tech for 'Dagger' units.-Spam Dagger units while building up right side of base with plenty of artillery and anti air.-Send Daggers to every enemy base.-WIn.-(Sigh in dissapointment of how easy it was)Theres a theme here with invisible units, I promise. For some reason the AI cannot or refuses to build detector units in this mission. I won by blasting each base to bits with twenty something invisible daggers as the AI units stood there and let themselves get shot up. I Blew up the air base the same way. I then rushed the last base and blew it up too....using invisible Daggers.Note: This was on hard difficulty too.The next mission that manages to be a bother is 'The Terminal'. You and an AI commander from the Beta team up to take down the Goo! Yeah! Kick♥♥♥♥♥ It actually turns into a pseudo tower defense game sprinkled with 'Defend your useless Ally as the Goo munches everything'.True story ahead here folks, my Ally in this mission came under attack by the Goo and even though I helped them fend off the Goo attack my Ally AI never built another unit for the rest of the game. Even though they still had refineries and factories......The goo in this particular mission sends out it's epic unit, 'The purger' or as I like to call the 'deer in headlights'. The Goos purger ended up finding my allies base and started attacking it, I thought the mission was over since the Purger could wipe out his base as the hapless units he did have showed no sign of moving to engage this new threat. Luckily for us both the Purger stayed right beneath his base beside the cliff top and only attacked his outlying buildings. The purger actually destroyed his outlier buildings and then instead of pushing fowards it stayed right where it was and didn't move. Taking advantage of this stupified Purger, I preceded to bomb it to smitherenes with impunity. The purger never moved a muscle as I bombed it to death....On the flipside you do get to build the Human's epic unit! It is as glorious as it is shown in the cinematic trailer if your wondering. Another interesting thing that happened is that the Goo's units got stuck in corners and on cliffs and even units out in the open suddenly stopped moving and stayed still for the rest of the game. Perhaps they knew I was coming for them eh? A scared Goo enemy is a dead Goo enemy, or a sign of something wrong with the AI.... For the rest of that mission I preceded to chase goo around the map and eventually ended up hitting my unit cap as I patrolled every resource point and cornered the Goo. After bombing it to death the day was one! But was I having fun? Eh.... GreyGoo promised epic battles with this new mysterous race called the GreyGoo, it was going to be terrifying, insidious, and oddly enough not very grey,(More blackish??? Further data needed.) But instead I found myself dissapointed by the Goo and only kept playing the Campaign to see how the epic struggle between the three races would end.I'm not going to talk about the Goo campaing much because that's where the game falls apart.Two words: Invisible walls. Take a look at my pics of the game if you don't believe me folks. You can beat all the hard missions with invisible walls of Radiants. You can beat the last mission by rushing from the start... GreyGoo, a revolution unrealized.  :("
,Not Recommended,290790,16478247,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,So Much for Subtlety,"Pros: Fun, if very short campaign, very visually pleasing. Awesome soundtrack.Cons: Holy balance batman! Limited amount of players in general, you tend to queue against the top 40 players int he world any day of the week. The maps are very awkward, as some are very imbalanced toward a certain race or another due to catalyst placement(basic resource). Strategy is lost when each races tier 1 units are basically the best unit due to the ability to mass them in small tight knit groups that have one or two counters that are lackluster when you cant get in range.IE: Drovers usually deal with Stalkers well, but if you have 40 stalkers, the drovers cant even get into range to start aoeing down the striders, basically body blocking. Pathing is wierd, hitboxes are weird when trying to move units around, they just slide about like they are all in a hockey rink.Basic armor needs to be looked at.  Walls from both beta and human need to be looked at, as 1000 hp is really silly considering the low cost and its no-effort utility.There is a very limited variety of units on each race, and even less upgrades, you basically get 5 total for your entire race. And once you upgrade one you cannot upgrade two others. At all.Goo is very strong at early harassment as long as they are not harassed themselves.Pro games where the goo player gets found before the minute mark almost always end in the goo players defeat, since they rely so much on their production/main unit the Mother Goo. She clocks in at an amazing 6 feet/hour.Humans are locked into this ugly power conduit design that honestly is just terrible. I'm not sure how much cocaine was consumed during the development to think that anyone would enjoy never expanding and dealing with insanely small amounts of space to even build in. This is even WORSE on certain maps that have very tiny starting placements.Basically the only race that feels even close to fun to play is Beta, at least they can expand and actually maintain map control rather than watching your units slowly travel across the entire map because thats where your factories are stuck.This will never grow, and probably never see any esport coverage. Funny enough since there is a tiny little playerbase, I was able to play most of the top 10 players(and getting owned by them) from the day I got the game.I enjoyed it while it lasted, but seeing no new players and the complete silence from the devs make this game a dead end. I shouldn't of listened to the circlejerk and passed this one by. Sadly, since I gave it a chance I'm out of the time period for a refund.  6/10."
76561198006589298,Recommended,290790,14211929,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Shadow of Genius,A good RTS. Each faction is different not just reskinned sides. Games will either be quick or marathons.
,Recommended,290790,20276948,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Keaton,"I haven't got words for this game. It is good, but yet still bad at the same time. It's an okay game, i enjoy playing it. But I feel as if there's something missing or unfinished about it. Maybe its the limited units or there's no powers, etc. like other RTS games, such as Command and Conquer. The cinematics of this game was very beautiful though and what made me play the campaign. It can get boring playing only skirmish, but i can see having friends that own this too, it would be good for something like a LAN. With the right updates or DLC this could be my new RTS to play.Pro's:- Great soundtrack and cinematics- Pretty decent balanced on each faction- Map and sizes aren't too small or too big- Each factions has an Epic unit (similar to C&C3: Kane's Wrath)Con's:- Feels limited on units and upgrades- No factions powersIf you enjoy RTS games, this is a definite buy for your library!"
76561198064654416,Recommended,290790,19453900,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,lin-chong,"Good points:+ Old school RTS.+ Nice cinematics and good world-building.+ Beautiful levels.Bad points:- Only one, as far as I could tell: you can't play offline.This is actually ridiculous, since you can't even play the SOLO CAMPAIGN without a connection."
,Recommended,290790,20904723,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Loo,"Giving this game a positive review because:It has good graphics, good gameplay, solid story.Cons: Small maps and AI that is not demanding at allAll in all i am very happy to have this game in my library and i enjoy playing it once in a while.Another good thing is that the devs continue to work on the game."
,Recommended,290790,20906985,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,MrN,its a great classic command and conquer style base building rts.
76561198022093574,Recommended,290790,20907789,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,JonnyKnows,"This is a fun game, it has some rough moments and some technical issues but the developers keep working on the game and improving it. It is truly much better than a year ago, I definitely recommend trying it or coming back to it if you've already played it a long time ago."
76561197970412313,Recommended,290790,20280814,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Legather,"Would I recommend this? Yes. On one condition: when it is on sale.Why the condition? Well I'll get to that...The good:- The title faction, the Grey Goo, is the most interesting faction I've played for years in an RTS. The unit designs are simple but appealing and the faction's overall design philosophy is as far as I know unique. It has several units that are truly distinct, there are no counterparts in the other faction's armies.- The presentation in this game is lovely. The Goo, as mentioned above, are stellar standouts but the rest is still very competant.- The cutscenes are beautiful. I really wasn't expecting them. Iirc there is a cutscene in between every mission, all of them quality CG (as opposed to in-engine) ((Not that there is anything wrong with in-engine, but this is damn good CG work))- Music is pretty competant, I believe Frank Klepacki (of C&C fame, among others) is involved. Nothing as stand out as Hell March but there are a few tracks that caught in my mind.The grey:- The game does not have a long campaign. There are 3 factions, 15 missions overall meaning 5 missions apiece. You'll play your first 5 missions as the Beta, an unremarkable faction whose only saving grace is awesome accents. The second 5 as the Humans who use drones built by Apple. The third 5 as the Goo, who are awesome. Your mileage may vary depending on your buying price, interest and patience. I'll get back to this one...- Most units from all factions fall into specific roles with little deviation. For the most part each faction will have 3 light units and 3 heavy units. 2 factions also have 3 aircraft, scouts, fighters and bombers. The Goo outshines the other factions here because of it's different approach but still has the light/heavy formula weighing it down somewhat.- Some of the unit designs are so generic as to be boring to look at and boring to use.- I'm not particularly versed in balancing, I don't know all of what goes into balancing decisions. Bearing that in mind, I found one or two of the Goo's units underpowered. Actually all of their heavy units, as cool as they are, seemed to be flawed. The heavy tank seemed fragile and the artillery seemed weak even in massed groups.The bad:- The Goo has a unique unit with no attack whose sole purposes are to block line of sight and taunt enemies. It's a great concept. The trouble is they are slow and when moving a mass of units they are not always in the front line when needed and unit pathing/collision would not allow them to move. Good, predictive micro helps this somewhat.- Let me phrase that last point another way, units of the faction whose army is made up of puddles of nanobots grouped in certain formations cannot move past each other. Conceptually they should be able to flow around each other. Gameplay wise, there is an upgrade to let the above unit start a rampage when critically damaged. A far better upgrade would be to have them charge enemy units. A missed opportunity.- The AI is not the best. This works both for and against you. Enemy units will sometimes not retaliate to your attacks. Your units will not retaliate while a nearby enemy attacks them. This is unrelated to the gameplay of stealth units and units in bushes.- Unique to the Goo, every once in a while you will find your Mother Goos (the mobile HQ/factory/so much more of the faction) randomly moving. You will not have told them to do so, will not have had them even selected. But they will move. And you will curse.Now the crux of the matter, why the condition? If you've looked this far, you know why you want to play 'Grey Goo'. You want to play the Grey Goo. The other factions aren't anything remarkable. You've seen the Goo and thought you'd like to get your hands on them. You're also probably not new to RTS games, you know that you only get the good stuff, the 'cool faction' at the end. You're right: the Goo is the third campaign. You're going to have to sit through 2/3rds of the game to get to the part you actually want to play. The positive is that each faction has only 5 missions so it won't take that long to reach the 'Good' bit. The conditional 'Yes' recommendation hinges on the fact that on sale, this isn't too big of a pill to swallow. But at full price? You're paying £30 or the equivalent in the knowledge that £20 is a chore you have to get over to get to the fun.Now this is all subjective, my opinion only. I didn't even mind playing as the Humans as much as I thought I would. The Beta are terrible in their blandness though. But I can only think back to my thought process as I played through: 'Get this first bit over and done with and then the fun starts'."
,Recommended,290790,19445927,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,UrbanSteepler.v2,I would rate this game 10/10 if i can. Includes goo that you can change the colors of. This game is the future. Also directed by Michael Bay
,Recommended,290790,20628808,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,bigcityitsalivinhell,"Lotsa fun, and interesting story. Looks great."
,Recommended,290790,21069214,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,JLB,"Riddled with problems, not the best RTS around. Other reviews have already covered the main ones - similar factions, lack of unit abilities, odd and univesting story, balance issues here and there. With the price drop, however and with the deal you get out of the Definitive Edition, it is actually quite worth it. It is far from bad, but it was nowhere near the price asked - the drop was already enough to justify a recommendation.However, another bit of good news to consider is the Shroud, the fourth faction. In short, they are an example of Petroglyph finally realizing the issues their game has. Having a fourth faction already fixes a significant amount of issues with the game, having two rather similar non-Goo factions for one. However, they are also clearly different without being... weird like the Goo. They are, gasp, a decent RTS faction, which it seemed Petroglyph had forgotten how to make.That you get them with the Definitive Edition is already good, but another point in Petro's favor is that previous owner get it for free. For a game that underperformed as this one did, it's reassuring to see bold decisions such as this massive price drop and non-half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥DLC. Sure, it's because they're desperate, but they didn't give up, and they went on to make it far more consumer-friendly.As for the other elements of the DE - Emergence is not an improvement on the shrug-inducing original campaign, actually, it's worse. The OST is now fully worth it (Frank Klepacki, if not at his most metal)  because they fixed it because they somehow broke the OST for close to a year. The Shroud is the best thing to happen with the game so far, it really elevated my own opinion on the game. You do as you will, but the new price makes it worth it for any RTS enthusiast."
,Recommended,290790,20334881,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,JacksomusPrime,This is the first rts in the past few years besides starcraft 2 ive truly enjoyed. the factions have variety but build in similer patterns so its easy to pick up. the champign is pretty damn fun
,Recommended,290790,34119037,Posted: 8 August,all,$K33M,Great Game!! I love Petroglyph Stuff!! heck all the way back to Westwood!!! Ya I stalk you guys! Keep up the great work!!
76561198022304710,Recommended,290790,14714648,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Dstract,This game is great. I've already spent 150 hrs. playing it. If you like RTSs but don't like the level of micro required to play Starcraft 2 well you will love this game. It simplifies a few annoying things about Starcraft without taking away any control. I like how you can rebuild extractors very quickly so it isn't too devastating to destroy them. You actually have to control ground on the map instead of just running around the map doing hit and runs on buildings.I really hope the community grows so that the queue times are faster for 2v2 ranked.
76561198014929663,Recommended,290790,14681198,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Samvimes,"For all the players who want to taste an old school RTS like Emperor Battle for Dune or Command and Conquer, Grey Goo is a must. The game is not so long in history mode but with the bonus goals and the hard difficulty level then I assure you that you will spent some good hours playing. The last time I played a RTS in multiplayer mode was Starcraft 1 a lot of years ago and I started again with this game. I do not have performance issues with this game and my pc is quite ordinary (I read some reviews saying that some people had problems with this)."
76561198129515091,Recommended,290790,32340918,Posted: 11 June,all,A_buckyo Bro,"So....This game is what found me a really great friend and I would recommend it....But I have to say only if you have one or more friends most likely at least two for fun games. I have played this game many times and when the shroud was introduced I was really excited, lets just say it turned out to be cool, but MEH.The campaign is cool, I loved the cinematics, but thats because I'm obssessed with animation and at the time that was amazing to see. The story is cool, even without the DLC I figured out the story and the ---------------  which was a shocker when that happend.So basics/ my opinionBeta are big on defence, but don't try it, because you will always get overrun. Try expanding quickly and being sneaky at setting up multiple bases to pund on the enemy why using distractions and lures to keep away from them, just my tactic.Humans ar the biggest turtles ever and they are cool, most of the time though (and this can occur with beta and goo) the opponent with just spam revolvers not even pairing them up with their trident counterpart. The bases can be good, but silos in the wrong place and lets just say I really enjoyed the fireworks. It took me ten seconds after I attacked to kil my friend that time, good times. Also use teleporting ability to maximize expansion without using up your population cap by making new turrets. you can move old turrets to new places.Goo is probably the most balanced in my opinion at times, the ability to hide a mother goo in the corner of the map where no one can get it is cheap (But I've done that in a lot of games.....SC2, SW...) No air units, but sneazing drovers are the best especially when you cna make the excuse that you can't hear your friend because your sneazing, get it....no... neither did anyone else. Also building up a large amount of goo then attacking, then turning them to units can almost one shot the enemy base unless you..Be the most annoying person (Me) and build the true impenitrable fotress. requirments1. Play as humans2. Have opponent on voicechat or constantly typing3. build base and artillery.4. bluff your way out of attacks and charm your opponent5. Build as many walls as you can I don't car if they wont fit make them fit, connect every point to every other point and fill the walls with artillery and any other units you can find.6. BUILD MORE WALLS.7. BUILD SO MANY WALLS THAT IT REACHES TO YOUR OPPONENTS BASE (Only if they haven't rage quit/ also beware of airplanes)8. Build epic unit and follow the path you have made. (If they are stubborn)9. Not neccesarily in any of that order except #1010. Rub it in your opponents face, and just know you are a jerk.BUT AT LEAST YOU WON!"
76561197988077759,Recommended,290790,24641971,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,danny_maland,"""Grey Goo"" is beautifully produced, but ultimately disappointing.Let's start with the positives.This game has a grand setting and top-shelf art. The cinematics, though not having as much action as a Blizzard production, absolutely CAN compete with Blizzard in terms of character design and visual quality. My jaw also dropped for the Beta and Human mission briefings, as those often featured cinematically rendered and composited characters that were big and lifelike.And, of course, the realtime graphics look as good as you would expect.As a piece of art, this title stands up to the heavy hitters. I actually wish Grey Box would make a movie of this universe, because it seems like they have most of the necessary assets on hand, along with the general knowhow required. (Plus a story worth telling, naturally.)Another aspect that earns a hat-tip is how the different factions actually have separate identities. The Humans and Betas are ""external hardware"" cultures that aren't completely estranged, yet the Betas have a freeform ability to plonk down structures almost anywhere. Humans, on the other hand, require a connection to their central power grid, and this has real implications for how you relate to resourcing operations and general expansion. The Goo manages to feel very alien by having a completely different take on everything. For Goo, your HQ is your resource operation, and your factory, and also a weapon. Even in ""Starcraft,"" the Zerg distinctives don't go quite as far. This game does a great job at actually presenting the internal experience of a race that reproduces by fission, which is a feat that I will definitely applaud.Where ""Grey Goo"" doesn't manage to truly compete is technical execution. Mostly, it comes down to lots of little things that aren't quite up to scratch.To start with, the interface tries to ""up the game"" by being less ""contextually bound"" than what you would get in something like ""Starcraft."" Unit build information is almost always available, and that's nice, but the way you get around in the various panels isn't quite as smooth as you might like. I also found it strange that certain structure build commands aren't ""sticky."" That is, once you've built a structure, you drop out of the structure build command and go back to ""click to select."" On the one hand, this makes sense, because Grey Goo isn't really about building a giant swarm of buildings - but there are some times when it's clunky. For instance, a human player might want to build multiple sentinels (weapon towers) at a time, but there's no apparent way to do so. You either have to call up the right panel over and over, or hit the hotkey combo multiple times.As it turns out, having an interface rearrange itself based on your selection context (and what makes sense in that context) is a better choice.Another design choice that didn't quite pan out for me was how the ""tech-tree"" requirements are presented. If you can't build something yet, the prerequisites are mostly displayed as icons. This seems like a good idea in theory, but in practice, plenty of things (especially in the realm of building attachments) look pretty similar. What happens is that you end up getting a little confused, and clicking around to get another look at what that thing you need is supposed to look like.In the same sort of track, you'll sometimes run into situations where pulling off build requirements is fiddly, or even obstructed by the natural way that a faction's builds work. Specifically, humans build on their power grid, which has an alarming tendency to block off tech-attachment slots. This causes trouble for building the ""Alpha"" epic unit, because various build scenarios end up preventing your large factory from attaching everything necessary. Yes, you can rotate buildings before they're constructed, but doing so never became immediately intuitive for me. Also, once you do figure that out, there's a very real tendency that the structure won't want to attach to the grid at the point you need.I had to pause the game and go look up how to situate a factory to build the Alpha. Come on, guys...A different problem area was the fog of war on the main map. In this game, the difference between areas that have been explored, but are not currently visible is not defined well enough. This can lead to all manner of possible confusion. A bit more contrast between those two display states would make a world of difference. As it stands, there were multiple occurrences of me having to look VERY carefully at the screen to figure out what my units could and could not observe....and I was pretty shocked at how underpowered the aircraft are, with limited, ""plinky"" munitions that have to be refilled at a landing pad every 10 seconds. (Of course, aircraft can be killer when the CPU sends them against you, but you already knew that.)""Goo"" can also suffer from some rather disappointing technical problems. As far as I can tell, the game uses a client/ server architecture for even the single player campaign. This would be fine, but my game somehow managed to lose the connection to itself(!) on a regular basis. This lead to long freezes, sound problems, and even the occasional hard crash. The final insult was during the Goo campaign, when my savegames from a long and hard-fought skirmish suddenly refused to load without crashing the client.That's when I gave up.I do still recommend this title, because I think its worth experiencing. Like I said, the artwork factor is really very good - but there are lots of functional things that don't seem to have worked out. I don't want to be unnecessarily hard on the Grey Box team, but dang it, they could have hit a home run if ""Goo"" had actually worked out as a complete package."
76561198045943749,Recommended,290790,14897672,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Mr More Dakka,"The 3rd RTS to be released by Petroglyph, Grey Goo is honestly a weird title all matters considered. On one hand, this is the most traditional RTS Petroglyph has released to date. This definitely makes it seem like Grey Goo has fewer defining qualities than its predecessors: Empire at War and Universe at War. At their repsective glances, Empire at War had its Galactic Conquest structure, and Universe at War had a focus on Faction differentation arguably exceeding the likes of Starcraft (Whether it did so successfully is highly up to debate).Grey Goo has neither of these defining traits- its structure is completely traditional in both its campaign and skirmish gameplay (It doesn't even have a light version of Galactic Conquest like Universe at War tried to), and its factions are nowhere near as differentiated as Universe at War's were.Now this level of traditionalism is indeed a selling point for many, since outside of Grey Goo (and a few other isolated games like Starcraft 2, arguably Homeworld Remastered, and some indie titles here and there) there aren't really many RTSes coming out that do this structure anymore. So in theory some people will appreciate Grey Goo for that alone.But in brutal honesty, considering just the purely traditional RTS stuffings within Grey Goo- there are plenty of older RTS titles that fare better. Its not that Grey Goo does anything horribly, its traditional elements are solid overall. But everything it does traditionally has been done better and made more interesting by other RTS titles. Whether it be better optimization, better balance, more interesting traditional faction AI, more varied units, or more interesting campaigns, you're definitely better off with older RTS titles in that regard.But this isn't really fair to Grey Goo- because that's not considering the few truly unique things it does actually do underneath its traditional surface.And its all because of how much focus Petroglyph clearly put into the Goo's skirmish AI. Being a completely mobile faction, the Goo are able to use elevation to hide their unit-producing mother goos. The Goo AI knows how to do this. and is NOT predictable when doing it, It won't just leave the Mother Goo on the hill for a random amount of time- it will ACTIVELY wait if you have it surrounded. Or the AI will figure out where the gap in your LOS is and try to use it. Or if you get too close to its hill trying to surround it, the AI might just come down and absorb those units. The Goo's AI feels like some of the most dynamic AI we've gotten in an RTS for quite some time. Its certainly not perfect as it will make questionable movement and attack decisions in plenty of situations- but it remains a joy to play against.Its just a pity that most everything around the Goo AI is lackluster in comparison. Unlike the Goo's AI, the AI for the Beta and Human factions is a complete bore. They don't do anything you haven't seen done better by other traditional RTS AIs.It might not be much of a definiing trait to clasp onto- but overall the Goo Skirmish AI alone is arguably worth the price of admission to what would have otherwise been a competent, but rather stale RTS."
76561197963664525,Recommended,290790,14138226,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Terkala,"A great, detailed RTS. Much more of a focus on overall strategy and less on twitch gameplay of clicking special abilities."
,Recommended,290790,14173255,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Monkey Vision,"A throw back to old school RTS it is a well polished game that combines spirits from command & conquer and starcraft. Like most RTS the game offers three races to control and achieve victory with domination from one. The game is quite easy to learn but hard to master. Macro elements present in starcraft have very little meaning in GreyGoo which forces the user to rely more on strategy and resource management.Overall this is a game really worth having. It deserves big praise for not only making RTS approachable for new players, the game mechanics for a new playable race ""Goo"" is truely worth looking into.85/100"
76561197974907759,Recommended,290790,14172720,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,ssupergek,Finally something good to play again from petro after my alpha testing of End of Nations ^^Waaaaaay less moba crappy like allot of games now and waaaaaay more RTS again wich made me smile while crushing the enemies.Gameplay is easy to pick up and enjoyable from the start and smooth and the game looks very nice.I endorse this product and if u like oldskuul RTS (c&c etc) u will also :)
76561198072131617,Recommended,290790,19323750,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Scoobls,Its a great game but the community is so small they did a horrible job at adversing this game so it will take a little bit to find a game but if u like rts games its great better than command and conquer in my opinion
,Recommended,290790,21207594,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Jack_Burton,"Grey Goo is an outstanding RTS from a great RTS developer in Petroglyph.   It truly reminds me of the RTS games of old when the genre was at it's peak 15 years ago.   Great graphics, very original factions, fun gameplay, excellent AI for skirmish mode, good campaign...its got it all."
76561197970500688,Recommended,290790,20898661,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,BrickTop,"Command and Conquer esque, no performance problems that I have noticed, Excellent soundtrack, New DLC & faction added free."
,Recommended,290790,30434767,Posted: 10 March,all,Lion,"Good decent RTS game definitely worth it in my opinion it is the best RTS games released after starcraft 2, Grey Goo better than Halo wars 2, Act of aggression ,Deserts of Kharak,...etc, the lack of great RTS games nowdays make this the best we can get."
,Recommended,290790,26668275,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,(un)Funny,"This game is easily the greatest RTS game I've ever played, and I'm extrememly unlikely to forget it.  I have absolutely adored this game since I first tried a test build at PAX South, and the final version is a masterpiece for those that can appreciate it.  The campaign is brutally challenging and fairly engaging, but the real meat and potatoes of the game is in the multiplayer, which is just fantastic.The game operates at a speed somehwere between command and conquer and starcraft 2, little slower than starcraft, but not by much.  Because of this, unit positioning is of extreme importance.  The bulk of the game rests in microing armies of slow-moving artillery pieces, to barrage your opponent's armies, and countering for their unit-splitting measures, line of sight, and elevation.  It's really intrieguing stuff that you're sure to enjoy if you were into command and conquer in the past, but couldn't get into the imbalanced and chaotic multiplayer of the older titles.  It's CnC through the lens of starcraft, borrowing mechanics from other games all the while.If you're at all interested, it gets featured in bundles, and goes on sale frequently.  I cannot reccomend this game more highly at all.  I fell in love with this game, and I hope you will as well."
76561198068441414,Recommended,290790,14138831,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Pres. John Henry Eden,"Was losing the whole game, made a giant floating battlestation and crushed my opponents.10/10 would Hand of Ruk again"
76561198008361598,Recommended,290790,28789374,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MaY.Firin,"This is like an oldschool RTS: Three very cool factions, few but unique units organized in a Stone-Paper-Scissors-like system and an absurdley high game speed only reminiscent of the original Starcraft."
,Recommended,290790,14139144,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Rykuta,It was GOOd.
76561198051324782,Recommended,290790,22790761,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,bkirca,"PROs:* Awesome plot* Gripping campaign* Very distinctive races with drastically different mechanics, play styles and units*CONs:* Multiplayer not balanced and no communityCONCLUSION: if you want to play a very refreshing RTS for its campaign mode you will have 15-25h of fun. If you're interested in multiplayer, look somewhere else (ehem Star ehem Craft)"
76561198125785785,Not Recommended,290790,24540589,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,JimTheWazard,"normally im all for giving a game a positive review but with a game like this, an empty shell with a literally♥♥♥♥♥♥storyline i can only say that i am disappointed.-the campaign sucks-the character development is hollow at best-the factions all seem too generic, the only reason i put as much time as i did into this game is because of the goo faction, it is the only faction that shows the slightest shred of originality-not enough units or structures, i feel limited with how pathetic the list of things i can build is3/10 would not play again sadly"
76561198039408108,Not Recommended,290790,15314386,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,IamJohnSmith,It is a good game but.......... 50$ for this game is almost a rip off.....Squirmish.....2vs2?!?!?!? the hell?........and the maps......they made the bet that players would make the map for them.....workshop? it's more like working for them and not getting paid lol Don't buy this game at 50$ it dosent worth it!*
,Recommended,290790,14129036,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Benji,"Game is really good overall. The classes do feel really balanced and I find all three classes pretty fun. What this game doesn't do unlike other rts games such as starcraft is each unit having their own counters based on different races. All units do have counters but it's more each unit has an objective such as seiging instead of army combat etc. The game is really well optimised and I have not had any frame rate drops with all four players on max size armies. The graphics are also quite pretty, especially for an rts game. You can feel the command and conquer influence when playing it but that's to be expected due to the developers and it's also a damn good thing anyway. Overall, I would say it's worth picking up at the full price and I believe this has potential to become a big game with a good following."
,Not Recommended,290790,16799050,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,RemoteExecution,"Bought this for the single player campaign and was severely disappointed. It plays out like an extended tutorial and isn't all that enjoyable. The cutscenes, music, voice acting, and overall polish are all quite good, but I found myself struggling to want to continue playing.This might be fun for skirmish/multiplayer, but skip if you're mostly interested in the campaign."
76561198047119396,Recommended,290790,14216095,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Salt Bae,"Definitely worth the asking price. Great looking, classic feeling RTS. I hope to see more additions to this game in the future."
,Recommended,290790,20115304,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,shandlanos,"It's a ton of fun, the graphics are nice, and the storyline is compelling.The epic units are unbalanced and the Goo epic unit seems very overpowered compared to the other two factions.The universe they've crafted has a ton of room to grow, and I hope the developers will continue to add new content. I didn't find much replay value in the game - but I also play RTS games mostly for the campaigns, not the multiplayer, so my opinion doesn't represent the typical player.Overall, it's definitely a good RTS. The three factions work very differently, and learning to work with each system as you go along is a nice exercise.If there is more campaign DLC down the road, I'll definitely buy it."
76561198022387553,Recommended,290790,20117460,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Ceph ilis,"Honestly, it's a really fun game that's receiving a hell of a lot of support from the developers.You have so many AAA titles come out from EA, Ubisoft, ect that get little to no support. They ship out a broken game, ask for money for a bunch of content that should have already been in the game, and then leave you with a broken product you had a lot of hope for that crashed and burned after a few months.Grey Goo had a rough release, but the developers have been continuing to create an awesome gaming experience. They promote tournaments, regularly communicate with the community and keep us in the know of future development.Thanks for the hard work and keep it up guys!"
,Recommended,290790,20918622,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Pr0fane,"It doesn't feel optimized at all; frame rate is all over the place, and it makes my PC run pretty hot. In fact, playing this game on Medium stresses my computer more than Starcraft II on Ultra.+ decent storyline+ diverse playable races+ good soundtrack- feels a little short- 'epic' units are pretty weak- maps are tiny- poorly optimized- unable to customize UIIt's a good game, but there are a few problems. If those problems are fixed, it will become an awesome game. Updated correctly, this game could easily rise to the level of Starcraft and Supreme Commander.(I'll recommend this game because I enjoyed my time playing, and plan on playing a lot more.)"
,Recommended,290790,20976696,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Rodos,Easy recommandation for all old school RTS lovers
76561197993672144,Recommended,290790,21062195,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,fatmanboozer,"I would recommend this game. Really enjoyed playing through the game.I have only played single player however just from that i would recommend it for the price tag.Pros+ Each Race has its own mechanics+ Cut scenes are gorgeous+ Voice acting is spot on+ Intresting Lore+ Free new race added recently+ Workshop campagins (not something you see often)Cons- Campign is fairly short- Goo micro management is a ball ache but okay- New Free DLC mission was a bit boring, thought there would be more too it, possibly a teaser for the next DLC.- Wish there were more missions just so i could see more of the gorgeous cut scenes"
76561198006249533,Recommended,290790,20889679,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Olrikus,"I like Grey Goo a lot and I don't understand it's mixed rating on Steam.People are saying that the game was not stable. I've started to play on day 1 and performance was pretty stable with nice FPS.People are saying that the game is too difficult. I beat it on hard difficulty with all possible achievments (even saved all humans) and I am not korean. Again, I've satrted to play on day 1 before any patches.People are saying that the game lacks content. I have spend 20 hours to beat the campaign and got more fun than with any of LotV or HotS campaigns.People are saying it's not like SC2/bad clone of SC2. It is game of it's own and there is nothing wrong with that.People are sa... Well, you've got an idea.PROs:- Graphics- Solid campaign, setting and story- Asymmetrical factions, Goo faction is something very unique.- Frank Klepacki OST :)- Micromanagement concept and map design. While many people think that micro means special abilities, this game builds around positioning. You can annihilate an entile army or loose an entire army just becasue of that.- Hotkey concept is awesome and way better than in SC2.CONs:- Unit variety can be better.MIXED:- More hardware demanding than StarCraft 2 but nothing extraudinary."
76561198135799167,Recommended,290790,20902600,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Iron Virgin,Great RTS great story with unique races. Today they add new race for free no dlc ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and campain to it! :DBuy game show respect to devs.
,Recommended,290790,27956938,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BloodHair,"Mechanics and graphics are beautiful, units design could be more realistic and serously thought, but the game itself has a good looking and maps with a lot of improvements"
76561198020265869,Recommended,290790,34147638,Posted: 10 August,all,vur_y,"I would like to state that my whole review will be extremely biased, offensive and discriminative against game types, publishers and developers so if you become easily offended please do not read this review.I have to admit that I waited long time for this game to be released. It is a good game however I didn’t get excited as much as the time that I was watching its trailer.Well my problem is with the story and atmosphere of the game. I love to be pulled in to it but this can only occur will well prepared designs which has soul and a harmony with its play, story, music etc…The game starts colorful and interesting. Gameplay is standard so no problem to get on with an average rts player. I like the design of the units, they really fit to the world created. But I cannot tell that fractions are so much different than each other. All fractions have a unit which does the same job so it doesn’t create any strategical distinction. (You cannot tell that human’s earth units are more advantageous but aliens has stronger air units etc..) Well I can take out epic units from this evaluation. I accept that launching highly explosive rockets same time having mounted other units while ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ around new units was different idea. But I don’t understand why the name is Hand of Ruk instead of Fass of Ruk. On the other hand, bases show some significant differences and that definitely makes game more fun to play. For this part I can tell that game deserves 6-7/10.What made me feel great was that the music. It was nice to see that music change according to the gameplay and they were really fitting the tension. It is always a significant Plus for rts games and I can tell that it is a must for every type of the game. Sadly, majority of the games. It gets an 8/10 from me for that.But the story line… Ok maybe I am expecting unnecessary details… maybe me and my expectations outdated as old rts games… maybe I need to learn modern new gaming world as it is but for now I am not capable of that. Tha game starts in a way that makes you curious about the rest. However, this excitement ends with meeting with humans. I feels like there are lots of jump skips on the story that makes you somebody started to write a scenario and suddenly got bored after the introduction so the director created “attack to an unknown intruders (humans) because of an explosion, find out that their intentions were not bad, join with them and attack to the other intruder (grey poo) that emerges (which you find out that their intentions were not bad in the expansion and most probably you will join with them too against mentioned black silence). Sorry but this is the story and must be named as“struggles of grey poo before joining together against silent something that we have no idea”. Hence, we can call the expansion simply “Treason of Dingleton and grey poo’s joining together”.For whole game, it feels like there must be some prequels of this game since all story runs like we already watched all seasons up to 3 and we are at season 4. Nope sorry for this one game gets 3/10. And I am giving 3 only for the amazing design of the aliens.Play it. You will not regret. But don’t have extreme expectations."
,Recommended,290790,34072012,Posted: 6 August,all,Ducain,"It had some very interesting mechanics (the 3 races I played were pretty cool and different enough), and I liked the cutscenes and story.  It also only makes you play a few levels with each race before switching to the next part of the story (I liked this instead of parallel storys), so the races didn't get boring during the campaign (except I did skip the final battle because I had already played the game for a long time).My only big gripe is that it petered out at the end (both mechanically and storywise).I wish they had figured out some way to finish strong.  I honestly expected a different ending before the last mission that might have not left people hanging, no spoilers.However, I still had a lot of fun with the mechanics and story up to that point!"
76561198017197515,Recommended,290790,14178587,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Mikey,One of the best games i've played in months! Super thumbs up! I miss such games!
,Recommended,290790,14201315,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,fireblaze543,"All of my units are destroyed except for my proto purger (epic unit) and another one being built, all the while my last mother goo (base) is hiding on a mountain next to about 20 to 30 enemy units. At this point the entire map is nothing but red dots representing the human extractors, earlier I got a look at the the enemy base teeming with refinerys, factories and turrets noticing the fatal flaw in all of it. It was all connected by power cord. I made several attempts to severe this cord effectively powering down all enemy turrets, with no success. But my second proto purger was finally completed  and I moved the to like massive tanks across the land, and climbing over mountains directly in to the enemy base, I then attacked removing several power cords including the one powering it all. I then took my time demolishing each one of the enemy's refinerys, at this point being some where near the 30s and ended it all with the human headquarters being shattered in to nothing by the two epic units. They don't get the label for nothing."
76561198030301209,Recommended,290790,20642656,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Vocko_cro,Verry nice game with nice graphics and physics. The only problem is that there are not enugh players onlineThe game is not dead by anymeans. I even seen a turnament with 1st prize of 10k $ .Curently there are around 360 + playersIf you like RTS games similar to C&C games you will love thisThe game isnt that complex but each faction has its own play style that is completly diferent from othersI'm sorry for bad english since its not my mother language. :)
76561198018107756,Recommended,290790,14225387,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Tono,My first thoughts:+Interesting story+Great game mechanics+Superb cinematics+Nice music+Not blizzard+Feels like an oldschool RTS-Not very memorable units
,Recommended,290790,18974657,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,BabbageUK,"This is an excellent piece of software. The UI is clean and well thought out, the cut scenes exceptional and the story arc intriguingly different to many others in this arena. The protagonists in the story play very differently to each other and one strategy may not (most likely will not) work as well for another.This is a most welcome addition to the RTS genre and I whole-heartedly recommend it."
,Recommended,290790,19280578,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Imperator,"Very fun game, bringing back memories from the good old days of RTS's like C&C while bringing new features that makes this game unique. I really enjoyed it and it's a gem in a time where sadly there's very few RTSs being made. Game is somwehat short (15 hours) but you'll have fun all the way. I recomend all RTS enthusiasts to get this game, either normally or through a Sale but do get it!"
,Recommended,290790,18558091,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,The Silent Ones,High quality RTS game! Nice!
76561198067463208,Recommended,290790,18587961,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,GunnerWill,GREAT GAME good old proper RTS Fab
76561198038469585,Recommended,290790,18557943,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,1nfer0,"Grey Goo is a fun but challanging RTS game. although there is nothing that I would call game changing about this, this game puts a new coat of paint on the old RTS games we knew and loved. I feel that its a wonderful game, and would highly recommend this to anyone who has enjoyed games such as SC2 and C&C."
76561197998340944,Recommended,290790,18606414,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Arch,"It's decent, good take on a strategy game and definitly a good story line. Obvious sequel to the game, going to get it as soon as it comes out. Overall:Good:- Classes are awesome and each has it's own strong qaulities.- Good looking game, graphics was to my liking.- Multiplayer against AI is difficult, this is a good thing.- Story is epic.- Gameplay is fun and didn't feel any issues with the classes. All the classes are awesome to play with.Bad:- The Goo class feels like it's lacking some good units, I wouldn't mind them having flying units.- campaign does feel a bit short, makes up with the multiplayer atleast. There is also the DLC, but they could have just added it (corporate commander crap).- Mission do feel a bit repetative, stuff like the goo being able to cross mountains could have been focused on more. I could easily win a match by just building a large army or an epic unit. There wasn't any challenging (strategic thinking) matches. Except for the first Goo mission thoughOverall a good game, regardless of it's bad points. I Don't regret getting this."
,Recommended,290790,18851419,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Spartanburger,"It's a bit short, and it feels as if the story is missing a few important details, even with the DLC campaign (which is quite important to the story, IMHO), and certainly lacks a huge variety of units, but is a very well-rounded RTS. One of the best in recent years, in fact."
76561198206381299,Recommended,290790,18546551,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Juntao,"If you like Command and Conquer, you will probably like this. It looks very appealing. The CG during campaign is very well done. Also, the AI won't instantly zerg rush you like some of the modern games available now. That to me is a cheesy way to appeal to ""hardcore"" gamers while making the game inaccessible to casual gamers. It will send armys to keep you on your toes, but in my time with this game it didn't feel cheap (Age of Wonders for reference). I like time to set things up before getting into the fray, so for me this was very pleasing.The negatives are probably the limited options available. The units feel pretty generic. The tech boosts don't convey a sense of elevated ability. It can take what feels like fifteen minutes to dispatch a enemy base with a full population cap army. This might appeal to some multiplayer gamers. But it just doesn't feel like you are a group of bad dudes roughing up the opponent with your high tech gear. It feels like you are shooting bottle rockets at a brick wall. Also, just for future game companies of the genre who might read this: spice it up. Unit variation is good. Powered up tech is good. Wouldn't it be cool if the enemy base was hiding a nuclear bomb or something and your army was unaware and upon catastrophic fail your attacking army was blown up in a huge explosion? Or how about if damage was registered more realistically, with pieces falling off or parts exploding in a shower of molten metal? That would be so awesome and increase the playability. You see it in other games. Just feels no one really innovates anymore in these games. As a fan, it leads to a stale kind of feeling. Nothing breaks you out of the feeling of gaming more than sitting for 15 minutes while you hear ""pew pew"" and see the same flashes and explosions.This is a good Command and Conquer style game. If you like that, you will probably like this. It is a bit generic, but it is well done generic. I got it on sale for twenty bucks. I would say it is worth that for sure. Just don't expect ground breaking stuff."
,Recommended,290790,18809796,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Hrimner Volsung,A surprisingly enjoyable old school RTS game.  I expect I'll be playing it off and on for months to come.  Definitely worth the $20 I paid for it.
,Recommended,290790,30213635,Posted: 26 February,all,seano,"This game is totally fun, I don't know what's up with some of these reviews. Beat the game on hard, loved most of it. Was very fun, recommended."
76561198089454112,Recommended,290790,21539392,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,whitewheat,Awesome game. Gives me flashbacks of the old Command and Conquer games.
76561198327938328,Recommended,290790,28339043,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,TBAGGER,"Definetly one of the best RTS games out there, graphics are good, campaign is basically a massive multi-faction tutorial and the skirmish mode is equally as satisfying. It's quite simple compared to many others and thats what makes it great. It really is alot like the original starcraft but with a much more interesting campaign and factions that have completely different playstyles. Each faction playes differently than the other, and each faction has many different ways to play within itself, because of having such a vast selection of specialized units available. You can rush with basic infantry all the way to the end of the game if your fast enough, or play the defensive and build mega units that crush everything in their way. The GOO faction really puts a twist on how an RTS can be played and Im glad someone finally changed the genre up.The default Hotkeys are kind of confusing and there's just too many of them, its' a good idea to play the tutorial missions and then go and re-map the hotkeys that you use the most into one spot on the keyboard."
76561198148092546,Recommended,290790,25479710,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Macross-frontier,"love the game when i get a chance to play it properly took a little bit of getting use to, last time i played anything like it was red alertfor a strategy game it does well but its no command and conquer if your looking for it in this game you wont find ithave fun"
76561198008088676,Recommended,290790,14160982,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Ether Bunny,"I'm only an hour into this game, and as we all know the RTS community tends to look for games with a lot of staying power. Rather than try and talk through every single bit and piece of the game I'm going to give my first impressions, then later on I'll try and throw something more complete up.First things first: it's gorgeous. The cutscenes, the units, the buildings, everything feels really solid. I will say that my computer chugged a bit on the menu and at the beginning of each cutscene, but my computer (while pretty nice) isn't top of the line. Specs at the bottom if anyone cares. Weirdly enough the actual gameplay doesn't seem to have any slowdowns at all, so I'm wondering if it's just some minor glitch that'll be patched out.Next up: it's fun! Most of the gameplay is pretty intuitive, the units respond in fairly interesting ways, and in general the game feels like a competent studio worked on it. The only real issue I had as the Beta in the campaign was a mild misunderstanding of the hub system, and if I'm being honest that's probably more down to me being oblivious than anything.I haven't tried multiplayer at all as yet (waiting on a couple of friends to pick it up), but the gameplay seems like it would translate really easily and well to multiplayer.The tutorial section of the campaign does a good job of explaining things, and the fact that the tooltips are visible without being overwhelming or intrusive was really nice.Apparently there's a map editor, and I can hardly wait to start tinkering around with that!Apparently a fair number of the people in the developer came out of Westwood, and I can only say hurrah to that! I loved me some Red Alert back before the black hole known as EA destroyed them and it's good to see that they seem to be back in business!One thing I wish they'd bring back is the faction system that existed in Emperor: Battle for Dune. The faction/subfaction choices added a lot of spice to that game, though the overall game sadly doesn't really hold up these days.PC specs:CPU: AMD Phenom II 1100t black x6 (running @ 3.3 Ghz)Memory: 8gb 1600 hz RAMGPU: Nvidia GTX 760 (EVGA card)My hard drive is pretty much garbage, but that just means slightly longer load times."
76561198022054222,Recommended,290790,14151788,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,William EqualsD,"Finally!An RTS game that DOESN'T require an open wallet!! the feel of the original of how an RTS game should be, back to the roots!Great job! highly recomend!"
76561197978673857,Recommended,290790,14173307,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Lesardah,"Fantastic game. Hadn't heard of it at all. Read PC Gamer review and decided to watch a few Let's Play videos. I had to buy it after watching videos on the gameplay.The single player campaign is excellent. Fully voice acted with amazing visuals. It feels like a real campaign from the early days of Command and Conquer. Absolutely worth full price.Petroglyph, fine work."
,Recommended,290790,29637626,Posted: 1 February,all,Marxon,"I originally couldn't launch this game and just let it set in my library. I gave it another go the other day and found it works now and that it... works impressively well on my potato of a laptop with beautiful graphics and zero frame drops to speak of.The campaign story is a bit lacking from what I've seen but the gameplay itself is interesting to say the least, real strategy is required as it's all too easy to throw isolated groups of units into the enemy's meat grinder and be very wasteful. The tutorial is a voluntary thing as it's a bunch of messages in the corner you can completely ignore if you so desire, very unintrusive.Mind you this is not some genre defining work of art but at the same time there is not anything that comes to mind when I think ""what is wrong with this game"" and I genuinely enjoy the gameplay and visuals.Simply put I cannot think of a reason why you MUST have this game but also have no reason to tell you to avoid it, multiplayer issues can be solved by having a friend who has it and the game runs shockingly well on low end machines."
,Recommended,290790,34740491,Posted: 4 September,all,Colleague Doubt,"Grey Goo was very difficult to run and quite unoptimised at launch, but in the years since, a combination of constant bug fixing and improvements coupled with the advancement of hardware in general has made this the accessible experience it was meant to be.Grey Goo is a tightly balanced and pretty unique 3 (Now 4) faction RTS. The online scene has matured somewhat so if you want to really get into the multiplayer, LANing with a friend is probably a more fun experience.The game comes with a fairly short, but also very, very sweet singleplayer game with beautiful proper cinematics and voice overs etc to reward your progress. The story is a little rushed, but it's good stuff fundamentally and could have easily carried a much longer game.Overall, I'd really compare the experience of playing Grey Goo to the experience of playing Starcraft 1 for the first time, way back when it was first released."
,Recommended,290790,14332241,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Skullbreaker123,The most fun ive had in a Command & Conquer game in a long time!
,Recommended,290790,14139116,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Umph,"This is the RTS game I have been waiting for.  If any developers of the game are readng, I hope your game sells as well as it deserves.  We need more developers like you making RTS games.  There is a market, gamers like me have been craving this game for a decade.  Great, great work.  Please make the campaign longer next time though, theres dozens of hours here, but it coulda been 100s.  Looking forward to DLC."
76561198087566272,Recommended,290790,14140758,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,siewwah,"First touch almost overturned  the tactics used against AI in hard mode. I realized I was too bounded to the SC1/2 to play RTS.If you want to enjoy the game, change your mindset & strategies or bring back the notes from ""old school"" ages to study CNC1/2 or Dune 2000.In summary, it is a new Brand of nowadays RTS. Of course, it requires both of our effort to bring another classic piece.[7.5 / 10]"
76561198038418460,Not Recommended,290790,33388712,Posted: 8 July,all,Bizzaro,"In a word - frustratingPositive: Grey Goo is beautiful to look at, they clearly took their time to make both gameplay and cut scenes look incredible.Negative: The gameplay itself is stressful.  The unit pathing and collision detection made me want to shout as my army marched repeatedly in the opposite direction I had just ordered it.  Resource gathering requires constant baby sitting. There is an incredible amount of micromanagement needed to play any of the three factions, but ESPECIALLY the Goo faction, which was very disappointing as I was most excited to play as the menacing Goo.  There is no ""exit game"" option from the mission menu, you must quit the mission, then go through 3 separate menus individually to get back to the home screen to close the game.  There are numerous bugs - unable to load or save if a character is talking, unable to click on mini-map any longer after alt-tabbing, graphical errors if you don't start a mission quickly enough after it finishes loading.I managed to play the game the entire game, but on numerous instances I nearly uninstalled it out of frustration.  They tried to do something unique in the RTS genre, but ended up creating a micromanagement mess where any potential fun is overshadowed by frustrating game mechanics, poor UI, and bugs."
76561198021619883,Recommended,290790,14257264,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Lichdom,Me: Super Huge RTS gamergreat game but not enough depth to keep me coming back over and over. Not enough unit types and not enough strategical options to keep me interested for long.but still a great game for people who have not been spoiled by starcraft 2 and supreme commander. But even command and conquer 3 had more options and was more diverse than this game.I been waiting on it forever and its nice but thats just not enough for me.
,Recommended,290790,14139665,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Yuri (The first Cosmonaut),"Very good I like it , the voice acting is awesome."
,Recommended,290790,22838018,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Chuckles☢,"This is definetly worth buying if you like RTS titles. Its cinematic attributes are pretty stellar, something unseen elsewise outside of C&C full studio acting. (AWESOME)Good RTSs have ben pretty rare for a long time but (in my opinion...) GG does a real good job upsetting said trend.Alot of people bash this as being dull and lacking a unique unit set but I have say that's BS. Rarely does any game have super unique structures between units like C&C, AoE, etc, the base structure in any game is going to be tediously similar but GG still has some good unique attributes between its FOUR races.It does feel kinda like starcraft 2 but that's just a good thing for SC fans. Likewise, this is a Great RTS and worth a play through and some multiplay."
,Not Recommended,290790,15318014,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Makbeth,"You know, I'm a huge RTS fan. Played every warcraft, red alert c&c you could think of and this is just bleh. It isn't interesting, it isn't difficult, it feels like an introduction to RTS games for children before they play the decade old starcraft. This game is behind SC2 somehow. I cannot believe I allowed good reviews to convince me this was good."
,Recommended,290790,14178027,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Razoric,If you are a fan of old school RTS games like Command & Conquer and Red Alert then Grey Goo will release white goo in your pants.
,Recommended,290790,14150767,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Utari Onzo,"Played as GooMade lots of GooMorphed Goo into Goo to make SUPER GOOMade my Super unit and won the game.GOO/10EDIT: On a serious note, this game doesn't break massive ground, but it's the solid Non-Blizzard RTS we've been needing for years. Classic Westwood style, without the heavy APM requirements to compete in SCII. The Goo is the real game changer here, perfoming in a way I've not known any other faction to play in any RTS I've owned. I'm legit hooked.Casual/Competative RTS players, this game is well worth it and will only get better once all the e-sports add ons come in to effect (game records, spectator mode, more maps etc)"
76561198019417626,Recommended,290790,21411065,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,[FD] al20milla,"Incredible RTS. The game itself is not as fast as other offerings such as SC2, and it emphasizes more tactical gameplay like groung control, map vision, scouting and positioning. It is a really polished game, the UI is also amazing, giving you access to create all units on the fly at all times. In the end it tries to cut off a lot of the intricacies between the game and the player, so you can actually focus on what you want to do, and not on the how to do it.9/10"
76561197963667592,Recommended,290790,21426201,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Dr Strange[LoVE],"A really well thought out and actively updated/maintained classic C&C style strategy game. I'd been looking for one of these for a long time! Last decent one was C&C 3.Well worth buying, the creators just released a new faction with new campaign missions incoming and its a year after release!"
,Recommended,290790,20897950,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,The Decoy,"When I first began playing GG, I felt that the game had excellent presentation and theme but that it was missing something. The factions seemed unfinished, specifically the goo, and the campaign was weak.However, I got over these feelings fairly quickly. The factions started to feel less incomplete and more refined; they have unique tactics suited to their builds, and though the research/upgrades are kinda meh, they do actually help introduce some variance and tactical flexibility. Likewise, the small unit list is not so much bland as it is well balanced.I should say, that the game feels really well put together, and the units/tactics/themes blend together satisfyingly, for at least a while. Multiplayer starts to feel a little strained once you blow a weekend playing with people, but the games are usually short if that is your thing.The campaign is still unfortunately short, but it's not bad. The missions are actually well done and fun, but I am left wishing the story had a little more to it."
76561197994382714,Recommended,290790,20121890,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Java Renegade,"Asymmetric factions, great music by Frank Klepacki, and an interesting sci-fi setting. The game is easy to pick up, with an intuitive interface that never gets in the way, and always keeps things interesting without dragging on for too long. Overall, a great classic RTS with modern-day graphics and UI."
76561197982815216,Recommended,290790,20207764,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Fe,"8.5/10Although I have some good memory with SC1 and C&C red alert2 when I was a teen, I'm not much a RTS fan after I found out that this genre push its direction toward competitive play and fast-click fast reaction.But sometimes I still have some urge to play as a commander of an army after I've watched a movie like the Lord of the Ring or Starship Troopers,  that's why I still have been trying to search for an RTS game which does not required me to have light speed reaction, then I heard about Grey Goo and finally have a chance to try it.here's what I think about this gamePros- slow paced, this game doesn't forced you to have light speed reaction and apm, but still faster than Sins of a Solar Empire.It's a very good time killer if you have 1 hour before you need to do something else, and have no idea what to play in your Steam library.- no micromanagement like activating units' skill, it's more about units position and type- EXCELLENT game design, it has a very fun and unique resource management and base building mechanic. Building base and army feel less chore than classic RTS, and more easy because there's automation for building units and base- great graphic. It bring me back some memory of SC1, but I wish units could have more texture detailCons- only 3 factions with 9-11 unit types per factions, I wish it'll go the same direction as DOW instead of SC2, DOW is not as balance as SC2 but people still love the game because it fulfill their multi-factions war fantasy- a wall of core-gamer and competitive gamer bashing suggestions and ideas from casual gamer. That's why there's not much hope for new units and new factions- Human units design looks too simple....it's just some random floating objects with gun for me"
76561197985366037,Recommended,290790,20239427,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,cerberus 451,"This is a great RTS that keeps true to most of the classical elements of the older games like War Craft 1-3, Star Craft, Red Alert, etc.  It does a good job keeping things interesting though by introducing the unique Goo race, and race defined limiters like the power conduits for humans.  The one down side that I have found is a very short single player campaign.  However, I found the story and universe to be compelling.  This is a great buy if you find it on sale, or perhaps if you are a big RTS fan and do not want yet another EA or Blizzard game.Warning!  I do not ever play RTS games online or even in multiplayer.  I enjoy the great challenges presented by the unique scenarios and puzzles inherent to good RTS games.  To me solving an seemingly impossible puzzle is much more rewarding than training myself for years to micro-manage units only to lose to some 10 year old who is using a hack IT did not even make."
,Recommended,290790,18685032,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,SilentStorm,"I bought Grey Goo after playing it during the free weekend, and it has quickly become one of my favorite games!  The campaign took me approximately ~15 hours to complete, and even on easy the missions were surprisingly difficult.  Each mission offered something new, and never was repetitive.  Also, I will be playing through it again very soon because I realized afterwards you unlock special steam achievements if you complete all bonus objectives in a mission in addition to your primary missions, which I did not do the first time through.One thing you probably will notice is that the campaign, even though it has a great storyline, plays as more of an extremely in-depth and advanced tutorial for the multiplayer.  It introduces you to a faction and what it has to offer for 5 missions, then switch to the next faction and allows you to become acquainted with that one for 5 missions, before switching you to the last faction.  So if you would like to get into the multiplayer, I highly suggest you play through the single player mode first.Alot of people have complained about not being able to find matches for multiplayer, however, I think the free weekend/steam sale has fixed that because I have not had any problems finding matches.Overall, I highly recommend this game!"
76561198023507179,Recommended,290790,18670925,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Lelouch Vi Britania,"This game is phenomenal and awful at the same time. The campaign is great but the multiplayer is very difficulty to get into, especiall for the non-goo factions. I have no editted this review 3 times in different states - joy, rage, and now neutrality. At first i was blown away by the sleek design and well organized maps and the unique feel of each team. The secon time was after being soundly defeated by the goo which - which at the time, felt like an over-powered team. Now after watching twitch and replays I was not only able to play better, but defeat the goo player that had decimated me so many times I almost uninstalled the game. The one beef I have with goo is that they have so many detectors, not because i rely on my stealth units to do damage...as daggers are rather weak, but it mkaes it very hard to keep eyes on the goo moms - which is what wins or loses games. Either the small proteans or the goo moms should have detector, not both. Only because the goo also have their scout/detector unit which means that goo has more detection than any other faction.TL'DR there is balance in multi-player, you just need to really learn the game to see it. The goo have a slight edge over the other teams, but that edge- the abilit to quickly control the map, is also their greatest weakness, if you can exploit it.The human team is slightly under-powered. Concidering a few of our units are signicantly harder to get out than the other 2 teams I would like to feel a bit more punch behind my units. I would like to see the Gladius becoming slightly faster - but that may just be me wanting a stronger unit.Is the game perfect? No - but it is a damn good effort, and if you can get passed screaming at the screen when you get beaten once again by goo or one of the top 10 players it is a fantastic game.Pros:- simple easy to use UI- by not requiring to constantly moniter unit production you are free to really play tactically and out maneuver your enemy.- the teams are very diverse and allow for specific exploitation.- the AI is intelligent and challenging even in the campaign. Can honestly that hasn't happened to me in a long time.- despite not being a AAA company, the cinematics, music, and voice acting are top notch and very well done.Cons:- High learning curve for new players getting into multi-player the reason for this is con number 2- small player base. Wait times for a match can get up to 10 minutes. Because of the small player base you often play the same people over and over again and those who play the game most often at the top 50 players. Which can be very frustrating for new players, i know I got slaughtered a few times. But beating that one goo player after losing 15+ matches to him... that's a feeling i cannot describe.This game needs more sales and a lower price tag. The free weekend is what got me into it, and a few more events like that might just get more players involved."
76561198120091026,Recommended,290790,21567384,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,GameWrecker,Great RTS Game and great story. The cutscenes are great and of high quality.You should defentily get this game.
76561198177849119,Recommended,290790,14347600,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Usiel,Game is good thou it still has some fps and performance issues.. Worth to buy ^^
76561198024626893,Recommended,290790,16606473,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Elvis Presley,"I personally enjoy playing this game a lot more than sc2 now. While the units can be a little simplistic, the game itself is amazing now and actually has a pretty vigorous multiplayer scene and population. This game has a come a long way over the last few months and, at this point, it is absolutely worth a purchase."
,Recommended,290790,21610809,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,i am Monster,"Pretty good RTS, wasn't worth it at $50 but now that they have brought down the price its a must have."
76561198035055940,Recommended,290790,14221805,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Shade,"This game is a brillant fix for all those desiring a great RTS. The races are defined, each have their own technique to win and are fun to play. The campain is a bit short but very satifying."
,Recommended,290790,14230773,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,von Boomslang,"Fun. I dont' regret the impulse buy but that's because I was starved for a pretty C&C style RTS with a campaign, FMVs, pretty unit design and an engaging plot."
,Recommended,290790,14473547,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Chimas,"I pay attention to all RTS that comes out and Grey Goo got published an article about the new concepts you could find in-game and the concern to make all races unique. Before playing the game most of Screenshots were focused in the Human Race and besides being extremely well thought and well done, I disliked the style. Due to the article though, I followed the development distantly.Now the game is out, I bought it and recommend to any RTS player.In my case, I'm a casual player that likes the classic RTS management, so I liked the BETAs more than anything. The GOOs are interesting and the HUMANs didn't get much better from my earlier preconceived perception. But I still see them (G+H) as NPC (non-playable character). Besides that, they are formidable opponents in Skirmishes and Single Player. If you tend to be a RTS player, be thorough with the critics you read, mainly those that complains too much using the usual arguments (price, unfinished game, etc). This is a new game universe, not an expansion, made by enthusiasts and experienced RTS players/developers."
,Recommended,290790,14148062,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Skitariio,Dem Goos doe dey is well gooey
,Recommended,290790,18526811,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Singleton,It feels like the good old days of RTCs. Great story. Just enough complexity for individual gamers like myself. Overall 10/10!!!
76561198091547612,Recommended,290790,18529704,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Franz von Væterland,The sprit of West Wood forever.
76561198079998059,Recommended,290790,20923340,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Dracoserpent,Grey Goo is an amazing callback to older rts's and now with a free update and fourth faction with a permenantly reduced price there is no reason to not buy this.
,Recommended,290790,20974524,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Man Nurse,"It's a solid RTS. Never played it for the online multiplayer, but it was super fun single player. Campaign was unique, played across multiple factions. Skirmish against AI is fun too. Plus, the dev team just added an entire fourth faction in a DLC updatea year after release... FOR FREE. It's a fun game."
,Recommended,290790,26194505,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Rhapses,"Grey goo honestly has all the hallmarks of a great game. What did it for me in the end was that I found skirmish games too quick. There was little to no way to have a longer game as it'd become evident fairly quickly who the dominant power was in the game. It is unfortunate really as I quite like the different races.Would I still recommend the game? Well the storyline is not too bad, and I like to support developers like these guys, so yes, I'd recommend it in the hopes that by supporting them, they'll release another one which has a bit more depth to it with a scale similar to what you see in the trailers.."
,Not Recommended,290790,31330794,Posted: 23 April,all,Iwifia,"Bought the game when it came out, seemed like it would be awesome.Started playing again today, 4/23/17 and noticed that I had to let some random app run to play a skirmish. Middle of a game, no issues on a high end computer, the server app has a crash.Now my OFFLINE SKIRMISH WITH BOTS cancels after 1min of waiting for nothing to happen... That is just absurd. I will never play this garbage again."
76561198004815777,Recommended,290790,14237566,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Guiyran,"First off this game is AMAZINGLY polished. You won't get any of this unfinished/beta/alpha crap. The graphics are very good. Gameplay is smooth for me even in high unit battles.This game is a throwback to the Command & Conquer days with its own twist. People who don't enjoy the fast paced nature of Starcraft 1/2 and like to spend more time strategically planing instead clicking all over the place then this game may be up your ally.This game is by no means easy just because it is a more laid back RTS. Several missions I struggled with on even Normal difficulty, and I like playing Starcraft 2 campaigns on Hard and above.You don't need to fill up your refineries with worker units. They auto produce resource haulers as necessary. This makes defending what you own much more critical.Unit production buildings can have more than one unit set on repeat so it cycles building to what you define making setting up army compositions very simple.The Tech perks you select really define how you choose to play each game. For example. A Lancer(Humans) fires a channeling beam that does more damage the longer it fires without stoping. Sound Familiar? Well you can select an upgrade that transforms its weapon into a railgun that travels a set distance and pierces targets damaging every unit in its path. So you need to decide if you want a building killing mega beam, or a light unit shreading Rail-of-a-Good time.The exception to many of the things I have listed is the Goo faction. They have a much diferent playstyle that involves no permanant buildings. instead you have a Mother Goo(Mobile home base of sorts) that grows in size as it absorbs resources and units. You then split the Goo up into smaller sizes and morph them smaller ones into units and such.All in all each race feels likes its own. Some of the early units feel generic, but that changes when upgrades and more advanced units come into play.There are a few things I would like to see implimented. When you fail a mission they should prompt you to restart without making you load back through 2 other screens and have to reskip the cutscenes(which are awsome btw). There are a few other things I had on my brain but I lost them. Nothing that really detracts from the games enjoyment for me.I'm hoping to see expanded campaign content in the future.-Gui"
,Recommended,290790,14260499,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Dapper Ork,"is this good? no... I would say good... This is one of the best rts' i have ever played a starcraft like game with massive variations between the forces. Goo are the most offensive early game with the mother goo being an amazing first assault unit winning games almost instantly. The beta are the humans of this game (they are the least tech impressive race) relying on a very powerful epic called the hand of ruk to destroy large forces very quickly. And we have the humans who, ironically for a sci-fi game, Are absolutely amazing. They can teleport forces, build the strongest defences and ,more amazingly, Build a mech with a deathray. Humans<goo<beta<humans is how my games usually result as."
,Recommended,290790,14251505,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Tech197474,Simply the BEST RTS I have played since the original games by Westwood. This game is one of the new games that all others should be measured by. Keep up the Great work.
76561198009192533,Recommended,290790,14180214,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,YazooWolf,"I do recommend this game, It is a different kind of RTS game when compared to Blizzard's RTS but in a good way. The graphics and cinematics are high quality. The gameplay is fun as well. I am currently still playing the game on Normal Mode and if you want to check it out, it's at:http://youtu.be/ZEBzWWJv40I?list=PLLpHnJFqBliJ5P385DNfh9hiRlRYQB5zl"
76561198046330755,Recommended,290790,14174309,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,XDrako,"I've been craving a good RTS that will make me sweat. I bought this today, managed to make it to the fourth mission on Normal mode so far. I got my♥♥♥♥♥kicked.Resources are running out fast, you have to expand and the AI are relentlessly harassing you. This isn't a game where you can turtle and build a massive army to attack. Each base is temporary (aside from your HQ), each force of unit counters are critical. When you finally get half the map locked off and defended your population cap is up and you have to start deterring defenses to form an offensive force.In contrast to most recent games, this difficulty curve is a pleasure. I don't want it forgiving, I don't want it easy. I want to be forced to play the mission over and over until I figure it out. I want to have to walk away and take a breather because the last hour resulted in a crushing loss based on a timer and some information they didn't give you until the very last possible minute.A job well done by the original creators of CNC who apparently haven't lost their roots. Having a strong faction balance, great mechanics and an unbuffered feeling that I thought didn't exist in gaming anymore, I am very pleased. The game was not rushed and Petroglyph made sure to dot their I's and cross their T's.9/10 - Only losing a point for the conduit system ripped off of CNC3 Nod turrets."
76561198026997819,Recommended,290790,14134112,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Mrwho,"Hell, its about time we get a real RTS !Quite easy to learn with good turtorial and brings up alot of old school RTS`s like Starcraft, C&C and I dare say even a bit of LOTR:BFME 2.Solid gameplay and great campaing so far.In my end its getting a low FPS in the cutscenes but nothing noticible during gameplay.Thats what you get when you see true passion and commitiment to a genre with the right team backing it up !No wonder they nailed so well, developed by the same company of Star Wars: Empire at war, that in my opinion, is a great RTS as well, good job Petroglyph !"
76561198064655005,Recommended,290790,14251020,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,King jm1,I like the game. Playing the goo is a unique aspect to the game.
,Recommended,290790,14722738,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,esu,"Just what i was looking for, a Real RTS like the old WestWood games Dune 2000 and CnC. <- THIS"
,Recommended,290790,14177771,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Nuln Oil,"made by the devs of probably the best RTS games I've ever played, and the soundtrack is from Frank Klepacki.. why are you not playing this?"
76561198220622581,Recommended,290790,19349983,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Johngxx,"Who would rate this bad???The good:1. The factions are wildly different in game style (don't see that often in RTS).2. Campaigns are very interesting and tell a decent story.3. Trees can cover your units (this is really fun to ambush an enemy).4. LAN mode play and INTERNET play or very good single player.5. Never a boring monment, units are nice, its not the easiest game.6. You can build your entire base and units.The bad.1. Maps don't support large players.2. Larger maps would be my must have for a Grey Goo 2 or beyond.3. Team play is wierd, just let people team or not, not sure why this is a sepearte game type, but not a horrible option.I don't understand any negative reviews, I'm not sure why it would get anyting but positives. It has a few bad things but its good outweighs every single bad part.  If you liek Red Alert and games where you have control and don't wanna micromanage everything, this is a FANTASTIC game."
76561198116220047,Recommended,290790,14158531,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Sladewins,"I grew up on the old school RTS games - Warcraft, C&C, Total Annihilation.  I only found out about Grey Goo two weeks ago and decided to give it a try.I have been pleasently surprised.  It does have a slight C&C feel to it (not generals, but C&C, Red Alert type feel).  It plays like those old RTS with some of the annoying features of the old RTS games out of the picture.  (No camp in your base for your super weapon)Like many said it is not a Starcraft so if you expect it to play like that you will be disappointed - there is not as much micro as you would have in SC and the pace is slower.It feels very well polished, so far the single player campaign in the best I've played in an RTS in years.  It is a bit short, but the cutscenes are plentiful and the story is great.The three factions are very different as well.  There may be a lot of similar units between them in some regards, but the base strategies differ vastly.If you like RTS games and you liked the old ones back in the late 90's early 2k's pick this game up.  You won't regret it!"
76561198157294618,Recommended,290790,14158476,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,alex4571,great gameplay. great visuals and awsum user controls and inter face. a few bugs as expected as game sis onloy few days old.
76561198079998150,Recommended,290790,27420548,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Basudite,"Grey Goo ReviewPros:1. An Sci-fi genre RTS that can be enjoyed by nerds and competitive players, alike2. A campaign story-telling, that narrates the factions' perspectives and their destinies,3. Graphics have this futuristic feel to it. Makes you the satisfied audience.4. A multiplayer that gives you the option to have private matches or join the competitive players in ranked matches.Cons:1. Balance issues.2. The hate train's passengers cite the major faults of the game.3. Short narrative in the campaign, as if the voice acting staff are very few and limited.4. Few players/small community.Review:This is a Sci-fi RTS that gives you the classic feel of the game. Like any RTS, the concept of management is involved. This motivates you to improve in your management skills while under time pressure. Definitely, making it the ""Real Time"" aspect in the Real Time Strategy Game. The community may be small, but it may grow and eventually, turn into a big one.Surely, this game is like a revival of the RTS genre."
,Recommended,290790,27103623,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,voldane,This game is a keeper for strategy games lover.Must try and highly recommended.My rating 10/10...nuff said.
76561198103813301,Recommended,290790,27864276,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Little_ Pappa,"I love this game sooo much. i want the devs to make a new one (mabey with a different name). I was scheptical to get this game at first but when i played it i really enjoyed it , the game has a great story and grreat game play and suprisingly my laptop can run it i just really enjoy this game all around i encougage people to get this game and i hope the devs make a sequal. :D"
76561198023799486,Recommended,290790,27878063,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,bluedragon186,love it after i got used to it
76561198060433751,Recommended,290790,27881907,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,xeen313,Bought this on a friend recomindation as she worked with the development. Played it plenty and has a starcraft feel. Plenty of maps in the workshop and multiplayer options for those who enjoy it!
76561198011539099,Recommended,290790,27894884,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Shade Meadows,Best RTS In my opinion second only to Star CraftAddicting and fun!story rich and intriging!
,Recommended,290790,27864208,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Eldritchmouse,"This game breathes new life into the RTS genre, introducing unique mechanics and strategies. That along with the pretyt solid story make me have no qualms recommending this to lovers of the genre."
,Recommended,290790,27533435,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hypernova,"Very solid RTS, with 4 asymmetric factions and a diverse range of units."
76561198004009454,Recommended,290790,14157147,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Adam_C4explO,"Thanks for the game been playing good ol' westwood style games for decades now and loving it.   Everything 	Petroglyph  has done since then, has been very enjoyable.Loved Empire at War, Universe at War, and the defunct End of Nations would of loved to had continue playing that.    Cinematics are top notch, animations are good, weapons effects good, macro/micro good balance.In regards to the multiplayer,  I hope they can continue to build a solid foundation for a enjoyable ladder experience,  or alas just a stable 1v1. group, ffa 2v2 etc etc.    Work on the factions and even may build a pro scene."
,Recommended,290790,27412941,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,NaMJaG,One of the best RTS games I have seen in a while!
,Recommended,290790,16434665,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Jazz Candy,The goo isn't even Grey wtf
76561198019214129,Recommended,290790,14203962,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Asakevios,Best RTS game in 10 years!!!!Buy it if u r a fan of westwood's games!!!!
,Recommended,290790,18020357,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,DJ_ten4,"I really like this RTS, slowing it down without dumbing it down. A great game and one that, despite my paltry playtime, I enjoy greatly."
,Recommended,290790,17593322,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Daroo,"Could beat multiple hard AI as the Goo within 7.5 hours. Despite user reviews of the game playing similarly to old-school Command and Conquer and AoE III, still reminded me completely of Starcraft II. I really can't say if the game is good or not, but from what I've so far experienced, despite what I mentioned earlier, I would still recommend Grey Goo."
,Recommended,290790,18556709,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Jackiechan My Dudes,"Great game.  Easily the best RTS I've ever played, right up there with starcraft 2 and supreme commander 2.  The main part that makes this game unique is the races.  The beta have a regular building system that requires power.  The humans for once are a futuristic type of race whereas in almost every other RTS they are behind the other races.  The Beta are the onces with the regular tanks, and machine guns, and the sorts.  The goo is the most unique thing I've ever seen.  Instead of using buildings or turrets the goo is just one huge mass of goo.  The units are spawned from mother goos and is just incredibly unique.  100/100 easily."
76561197968843616,Recommended,290790,18548985,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Imba™,"Really fun old school 90's style RTS in the guise of a Starcraft clone that actually works more like Orcs vs Humans (better known as Warcraft which spawned that MMO and a thing called DOTA).  Made by a bunch of people who worked on Command and Conquer it has some new ideas in side but plays like a classic 90's RTS.Nice CGI by Weta (Lord of the rings, Avatar etc) Great score as well. Run great at 4k and 1080p no issues.8/10"
76561198046392103,Recommended,290790,18802136,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Your3rdShadow,"Great story, fun campaign, love the factions, but the multiplayer is dead. And when this corpse occasionaly rises, it has the face of Goo. You literally cannot beat the Goo faction in multiplayer. By the time you might have just gotten a base up and running with either of the other two factions, the Goo has already spread to the rest of the map and has an army at your door. If it were just the human and beta factions or those and a third similar faction, the multiplayer would be awsome. But like it's namesake, the multiplayer of this game is entirely dominated by the Grey Goo."
76561198040066001,Recommended,290790,19034686,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,JJ,"Good old base building RTS with decently difficult AI and CGI that is just incredible.Only issue with the game is that if you alt-tab, or any notification takes you to windows the game pretty much crashes. Maybe not worth that full price, but a great game none the less."
76561198026122685,Recommended,290790,30240416,Posted: 28 February,all,icecreamrape,"The pro's of this game:-Great faction design each race is unique to the genre and offer interesting game play.-It is extremely well balanced.\-terrain design in the maps and how tree's can work to set up ambushes are also really well thought out.- The developers show a lot of love for the game. For example they released what was essentially an entire expansion (update included a new race and new units for each faction) for free.The con's:Game play is really slow. Honestly just increasing the game speed just a little bit would help a lot to make this game more exciting.The resource system is extremely dated and unoriginal. We've seen similar if not identical systems in other RTS games, and honestly I think it is the one thing holding this game back.Regardless this game and the company behind it are worth a look. Like I said they released an entire expansion for free, and these days any company that isn't nickle and diming you with dlc's should be praised for doing so."
,Recommended,290790,24746328,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Ben McLean,"Grey Goo is the closest thing to StarCraft II without actually being StarCraft II. The best part of it is playing as the Goo faction, because they have no ""buildings"" -- all their stuff moves. This makes even a moderately skilled Goo player nearly impossible to kill. Which means that the Goo faction is not fun to play against for the very same reason. Tracking down every last goo after having broken any serious resistance can make games drag on, and somewhat harms the pacing of the single player campaign, until you get to play as the Goo faction and then it's awesome.The games feel a little slow compared to StarCraft, but the units are clearly distinguishable visually so you will be able to get a pretty clear idea of what's happening, which makes Grey Goo far above most other StarCraft clones out there. (I'm looking at you, Achron!!)The developers of Grey Goo are real good guys and deserve your support. They added an entire fourth faction to the game long after release FOR FREE! That shows some real Blizzard level dedication to post-release support, and ultimately that's what Grey Goo seems to be at it's core: a well-executed Blizzard fan game.So my conclusion is: Get StarCraft II. Play all the campaigns of StarCraft II. And if you are still wanting more StarCraft II after exhausting all the StarCraft II content, then Grey Goo is totally your jam, son."
76561198020437841,Recommended,290790,14146006,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,br3nd0n264,This game is absolutely amazing this is worth the money. performance isnt really a problem just make sure you meet the spec requirements
,Recommended,290790,14142958,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Highlow9,A great RTS it feels like command and conquer red alert 3. And the campain doesn't lack anything either!
,Recommended,290790,14145485,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,James,"Classic RTS games are back, but this game also makes quite a few meaningful additions, such as stealthy cover in forests and the effect of elevation on combat. Excellent music from Frank Klepacki too!"
,Recommended,290790,14143278,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Cuervo,"This title is a throw back the the classic RTS genre define by the original Westwood team. A classic RTS with amazing cutscenes and units with plenty of character. Each race plays differently enough to give you a slightly different experiance. If you're a fan of the RTS genre and looking scratch that old school itch, buy it. If you're a fan of RTS but aren't sure about this title, wait for a sale."
76561197968572064,Recommended,290790,14152018,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Infowarz,"Just started this game and it is very fun and addictive. The Frams per second are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ so far. I have crossfire r9 290x, 16 gigs of gskill ram, 480gigs samsung ssd, haswell 3.4 processor. I turned vsync off and it made it a littler better. I dont want to play anymore until this issue is fixed, but after 2 campaign levels I cant wait to play some more. The graphics look great, but the skipping is too much to handle."
,Recommended,290790,14136560,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,TakesOneBullet,"Ok first of all let me say that this game is awesome I love the gameplay, The cutscenes are beautifully rendered and intresting, and all 3 factions have different playstyles. This is games mechanics are a great return for those who played the old classics like C&C and Dune.Pros-WALLS!...but seriously walls that actually do something like keeping the enemy at bay and not crumble in like 2 seconds-3 unique factions that play completely different-You have the freedom to play this game however you like at your own pace.-UI is well done and easy to understand-Economy is simple so you can get straight to the fighting.-Graphics are beautiful for an RTS-An RTS game not made by EA or Sega lol-in game encyclopedia for learning all aspects of the gameCons-framerate seems to be a bit wonky at times. Running this game with a GTX 760 oc but framerates drop at the lowest to 30 fps after playing a long time...-only comes with about 8 maps at launch-those looking to play with 8 players at a time will be disappointed since max is 4 playersWith that said the game is awesome and well worth your time and hard earn cash. Petroglyph thank you for creating such a great game."
76561198009115016,Recommended,290790,14140588,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Sarahsauce,Incredibly fun once you get used to its mechanics. I am going to put way too many hours into this with no regrets whatsoever. Beta sure are ugly though! :D
,Recommended,290790,14145716,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,No hope For humanity,"Brillant, fun, and a classic feel to it all with some minor twists.Only wish there were some  extra modes, and faster epic units.."
76561198167971901,Recommended,290790,14146391,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Texas Commando,Westwood is back. Nuf said. This is what a True Old School RTS is folks worth the money !
76561198042563501,Recommended,290790,14151503,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,snowhawk17,Loving it.  Reminds me of old RTS games.
,Recommended,290790,14300822,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Rowtag,"Awesome, i missed a gime like that! Me and my friend are mostly stuck in our old C&C Games, now this is a big Surprise.There is so much stuff in this game, that the community wants to had in the past. And now there it is!Also i see the game is made with love, also some love to details! Great work!!!"
76561197975571003,Recommended,290790,14235451,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,McDumpsterXI,"This is a beautiful game. Very well done, old school style RTS. CGI is great, with the facial motion capture being particularly well done. I haven't bought a game on steam that I haven't had a small pang of regret from in awhile. Very pleased with this purchase.Edit:I'm about a third of the way through the campaign (normal difficulty) and still really enjoying the game. CGI, Story, gameplay, music, etc. all top notch."
,Not Recommended,290790,32835419,Posted: 26 June,all,Crazyi,"A little boring for my taste. I am an long time RTS fan and this just isn't enough of a spin for me. Seems like a solid game, would be a good introduction into the genre probably."
76561198031185862,Not Recommended,290790,18956307,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,BeenIn,"This game has become unplayable.  I bought this when it first came out and enjoyed the game for what it was, but nothing innovative or unique.  I came back to it this weekend to kill some time and started the campaign and the game continues to crash.  I can not recommend this to anyone at this time."
76561197987674677,Not Recommended,290790,18690344,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,redblade1530,Grey Goo has an interesting story line and stunning visuals. gameplay takes a midrange learning curve. The campaign  is entertaining but I would say it has low replayability. This is on the same level as Starcraft except the goo is relatively weak - overall I would wait for this game to go on special before buying. I was disappointed overall - would have liked to see a more intense storyline.
,Recommended,290790,14336566,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Steve Austin,"If the cost of this game was licking twelve ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, I would buy ten copies. You don't even have to wipe."
76561198202398471,Recommended,290790,23243593,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,|BST| ♐ R€N€Ǥ₳Đ€,"This is without a second thought, the most unique Real-Time-Stratergy game I've played since Starcraft 2 and its awsome expansions (Heart of the Swarm & Legacy of the Void). Although this game will never be as perfectly designed as what Blizzard has created, this game is epic and one of my all time favourites!The Pros:Four unique races that (In my opinion) are well balanced. The Humans force consisting of solely AI units. The Beta are more 'Human' like in regards to current day civilisation, with mechanised vehicles, ground soldiers with a great construction coverage of the visible map. The Goo consist of nanobots that can replicate fast and formulate into uniquely designed units. Once having established a foothold on a harder difficulty, they a near-impossible to eradicate as their expansion rate is rapid. Last but not least, the Shroud. They are a mysterious race that are hellbent on eradicating all life in the universe, as if they are trophy hunters, (In some regards, I think they are exactly that). Awsome to play as and verus.The Cons:Multiplayer is at times, quiet and dead, but there are thousands of active players playing by themselves.The Frame-Per-Second can drop considerably for a short duration whilst there is large AI/User activity on curring during matches.Conclusion:This is an epic RTS that needs to be avalible in hardcopy for purchase to help boost the playerbase.Rating: 8.5/10"
76561198138085393,Recommended,290790,14134312,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,wbutterhof,ok from what i have seen so far i would recommend this game.Pro.Graphics are great(only 2.6hrs into game play) the story seems like its going to be goodvoices arnt bad there not great (i dont feel anything coming from the voices)Cons.units seem blah and seem to be underpowered or super weak armor makes attacking a big painbuilding anything is a bit of a pain as money is slow even with 2 or 3 things getting itno real tutorial kinda just puts you into the thick of itlike i said only 2.6hrs into game its a C&C type game and the graphics are really good and game play doesnt seem that bad (i say that as i am not that fair into game)Graphics-9.5/10voices-8/10game play-8/10sound-9/10 (headphones)overall i give the game a-9/10Edit: after spending more time playing this game i still give it a 9/10 overall but im only about 2/3's of the way done and i have to say great game over all and its hard at some points and easy at others (im on normal) just what you would expact from a play though if you like the C&C type games this is a must in my eyes not as good but all the fun. only major issue i have is when you have a ally there not that smart and you end up spending more time tring to keep them from being killed you end up dieing so be forewarned. other then that the story line seems great but feels like its missing alot. but again this game is a must if you enjoy C&C type gameing
76561198049109969,Recommended,290790,15114389,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,SleepingInRlyeh,"Recommend with a caveat.TL;DR: I recommend buying this game on sale if you have other friends who want to play it.  $50 is steep and a tough time finding online players are the main negatives.  Also, disconnects happen too frequently, but that can be fixed if the devs get their butts in gear.This is a decent RTS.  However, it is hampered by two things. 1) Too many disconnects which haven'tbeen fixed yet. 2) Lack of online players.The game play is definitely economy bound.  You have to watch your economics closely in order to build the right units at the right time.  Good micro helps in a pinch, but the macro is what will make or break you.  So if you like RTSes where micro is the definining factor, you may not like it.The ""Goo"" class is a nice innovation.  The other classes have to hunt and destroy because Goo has no HQ in one place.  This makes for some tough tactical decisions, including for those playing Goo.The AI is hard in campaign mode, but the campaign isn't really compelling.  The fun is in multiplayer mode.The connection issues can be fixed if the devs put their mind to it, so it wouldn't stop me from buying the game.  What might stop me is the lack of online players available.  The initial price was that of a AAA game which limited the number of people who got it right at the beginning.  This limited the number of available players, so it made it hard to get a match going.  Which in turn caused others to stop playing.  So, the pool is kind of limited right now.  If you have other friends who play, though, or join a group where you can set up matches, it's fine.  But if you expect to join the server and get a match going in a few minutes, it will be frustrating."
,Not Recommended,290790,24157616,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,きゃり [NOOB],"Pros:GoodFunCons:Well, as a Classic RTS player, the command bar is SO NOT EASY TO USEyou have to keep pressing a category just to build something.there is no ""right-click drag"" to move around the camera.Camera zoom causes head ache, it actually zooms in, and NOT moving the camera closer.I can't find the option to turn ""Right click to move"" into ""Left click to move""There is still no Mod support (yet)Comment:It's still a Good game tho.I just EXTREMELY DISLIKE the command bar, too redundant and not easy to use.Its better to Categorize it by 4:-Buildings-Defense-Infantry-Vehiclesor something much better.Message to Devs:Release the SDK now!!!!"
76561198068115730,Not Recommended,290790,18723912,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Boromir,"I would NOT recomend to buy this game.Here is why:LACK of 3vs3 Matches. It's bad, really bad.Maybe you got 2 friend and want to play with them all togheter in a team, and you just can't.There is nothing to say about it, the developers, if they really care about their game should engage to make 3v3 available.Other games has it, and if Grey Goo want to be competitive should add this feature very soon.Second point, the balance.Everyone you find in multiplayer are almost BETA or Goo, let's ask oursef why? Well;Another point Developers should see, is that the Human Lancer is pretty weak. It's point is to be the Human heavy units (as the avalance from Beta) and it only deal 20 damage, then 20, then (after 4 secs) 70. The avalance from BETA has 250 damage (300 is the damage of an epic units and avalance is not an epic unit, I would make notice it to people), almost same penetration (10). It just ONESHOT every enemy unit, the only things that try to limitate it's firepower are the range and the fire-rate, both useless, because you can just shut down the enemy at 1° shot. If you accompany them with anti-air and light is just the perfect army in mid game. The cost are almost the same, avalance cost 600, Lancer cost 560. What I'm sayng is not just my opinion, if you check on multiplayer, there are few people playng humans, and they all rush, and even if they rush NOBODY even makes a Lancer. 20 starting damage is just RIDICULOUS. Even with higher fire rate. A good deal would be if Lancer would get 80 starting damage, reaching 130 over time. If this will not be done, Lancer will never be take seriously, you're better to directly remove the unit from the game. Another thing I would point is that the aoe damage of the alpha should destroy all light units entirely, that's why I would sudgest to increase aoe damage to 125 from 100. Anyway, this is not even needed because nobody uses Epic units in multiplayer. The REAL problem is the Lancer, actually.I would be glad to edit or even delete this bad review, but I will only if the games really change. Unless, it's almost a waste of money for the actual condition."
,Not Recommended,290790,32797918,Posted: 25 June,all,Brigador Merplöf,"Colorful, bright, and far less interesting than it looks.Grey Goo's control scheme is clunky and unintutive, hindered further by mixing control schemes from different eras of gaming. WASD does nothing. Use the arrow keys. But there's keyboard shortcuts for unit actions to bounce back to, requiring mouse use for some, and constant hand-skating around. Bad default controls are compounded by unintuitive unit structure, with only a  main menu encyclopedia to shed a little more light on what units do. I'm sure this would be offset if Grey Goo had a decent multiplayer community of dedicated RTS fans willing to learn and forgive the dated-feeling UX, but, no, this game should be viewed as single player only in light of a dead online community.And single player won't save this game. Very basic, stupid and unchallenging enemy AI with old school Command & Conquer unit-wave tactics, mandatory server-based play that isn't actually mentioned prior to purchase, clunky tutorial mechanics... I've only ever returned one game up until Grey Goo, and this one has the distinction of being return number two. Not worth it, even at 84% off"
,Recommended,290790,15081885,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Saru,"I've only played single player. That said, I loved the story (nothing really mind-blowing, but efficient), and the gameplay (the difficulty is challenging) is quite compelling. Hope to see more of this, because this universe seems to be so rich that this game feels just like a teaser. Don't get me wrong, although not as extensive as other RTS games, this is a complete experience, it' leaves you with the need for more, in the best way possible."
,Recommended,290790,16557438,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Stegosh,Most awesome space strategy game since StarCraft/BroodWar!!
76561198017574095,Not Recommended,290790,31924004,Posted: 23 May,all,Torakk,Its not a bad game in itself. the mechanics work and the factions are balanced.That said i find this game just so boringEverything is so generic and uninspired.Ofcourse there are people who like this game and i mean to take nothing away from you. But if youve played the C&C games (I have) and expect the same experience youre gonna be dissapointed.
76561197998367269,Recommended,290790,14137491,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Shadow of Sauron,Very good game back to the old CNC days all hale the return of the good old westwood companylove the betagoo is okhuman still learningAI is very good
,Not Recommended,290790,32966083,Posted: 28 June,all,Davincie,"now i have completed some of the hardest rts games out there all on whatever the hardest difficulity they have is, but the campaign in this is just badly balanced and purely reliant on dumb luck. it was fine at first, but when i got to the mission 'the swamplands' it just became unfun. you start out incredibly outnumbered, having to rescue a guy that dies almost instantly and worse of all he spawns deep in enemy territory. i tried the map 10 times and each time he started (his start position is random by the way) so far away from me it was impossible to even get to him before dozens of enemy units killed him. now i looked it up and sometimes he can spawn right next to your base making it a 5 minute mission, but i just don't think its good game design or fun to have to rely on that. oh and the multiplayer seemed dead, so don't buy it for that"
,Not Recommended,290790,16856393,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,IIEarlGreyII,"Unfortunately I cannot recommend this game. I even got it on sale for $20 and I feel a tad cheated. The story mode is extremely short, which wouldn't be so bad but they basically leave you in the middle of the story. It just screams ""Oh well, better get some DLC in the future, right? Wink Wink. Huh? Don't you want to know what happens, come on, give us more money."" I buy DLC to expand on a game, not to get to see the actual ending.Also, the units are all extremely boring. They are the same units and buildings down to the HP, just reskinned with a different name. And none of the units really stood out for me. Beta were interesting at first, but the human forces were uninteresting for the most part, and the goo were just annoying to play by the end. Overall I feel like this game just lacks something major and while I don't regret buying it, I wouldn't recommend it.However on the positive I will say that I haven't ever seen a game with such good visuals. The units and maps come alive and you can see some pretty small details from time to time. And the cut scenes are hands down the best I have ever seen."
,Not Recommended,290790,16050111,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,TheLumberjack,"Dont hope for this game to be the next RTS. It is not. The campaign is monotonous. The multiplayer is broken and uninhabited. Sadly no future for this game.  Nothing refreshing about this RTS. this is not your C&C, this is not your Starcraft 2; Move on...."
76561198087203649,Not Recommended,290790,15593429,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,kimseanmam,"The scenes and graphics are stunning, Its simple structure and killer AI are amazing also!Unfortunetly it lags and crashes so often it makes it to the point where it's just unplayable.I'd wait till a little long before buying so they can sort it all out and hopefully by then add new maps and just do a complete rehaul of the multiplayer."
76561198072652044,Recommended,290790,20856490,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,I can't come up with new names.,"Grey Goo is a game where you shoot at goo because goo is evil and want to take over the universe and turn it into goo. So a bunch of highly advanced humanoids came from ""Earth"" to a planet called ""Ecosystem 9"" or something like that, to stop the gooey menace of society. But to their surprise they found a bunch of crazy alien dudes that were mumbling something about the ""silence"" and attack anyone that looks more advanced than them. So the Goo, Humans and Beta(aliens) decided to settle this conflict as any rational person would, with guns and lasers, marching their armies to their imminent demise because the war must be nourished with mindless violence! Anyway what was I talking about? Oh yeah, Grey Goo, it's a game, an RTS (real time strategy) game, shares gameplay similarity with the Command and Conquer series and Starcraft 2. Is it perfect? I would say no, but is it fun? Oh yes, definitely! It has interesting game mechanics and tends to be more easy with the micro-managment. My score would be 8/10 needs more goo."
,Recommended,290790,21043915,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Zaheer,The only problem with this game: Units moves too slow.
,Recommended,290790,14146624,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,DemonicTactician,Great game
76561198040758095,Recommended,290790,14718365,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,tjjared,this game is awsome.my only real problem with the game is that in all it only has 15 campaign missions. a patheticly small amount which i was able to complete in 1 and a half days  but other than that the game is very fun. i most certainly suggest this game.
76561198059459004,Recommended,290790,14719684,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Murtaugh,"Very good game. Reminds me of a more complex Halo Wars, which was an under appreciated game. Actually worth the $50."
76561198021879273,Recommended,290790,14248251,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Hykaraku,It remindnds me of command and conquer and still has its own feel.
76561198049404401,Recommended,290790,14179073,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,hacks21,"Finished grey goo :D ... Its fresh, new especially in our dying rts series... Its a wonderful game.. What i like the most is the concept of goo gameplay, it is something entire new :)What i don't like about the game is that there is not much difference between the unit from each faction.. and it feels rather stale after a while."
76561198094634421,Recommended,290790,14183586,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Gamers Guild,love it!
76561198077435087,Recommended,290790,14174975,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Sara Ryder,"Actually spend 50 bucks buy a game that combined key features from C&C and StarCraft is totally worth it.  still have lots of things to learn, to know but after a little peak of this game, I can say I am falling in love."
76561198083617594,Recommended,290790,14140385,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,KobyashiMaru,I'm loving this game so  far.  It's a breath of fresh air in the RTS space.  I still love SC2 but this is a nice alternative.
76561198079369020,Recommended,290790,14149715,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Seared,"Fun game so far. A bit buggy still, but it does a great job of bringing back RTS from its glory days.."
,Recommended,290790,14142759,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,MR.Allar,"This game almost feels like real and orginal old school rts. Camping is good but chalenging, graphics is beatiful and every faction is unique.  Plus former westwood guys made it so if you like rts agemes or C&C games buy it. It is worth it."
,Recommended,290790,14147224,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Twinblade,"Fast paced, adrenaline filled RTS game that brings back the fantastic memories of playing the old CNC games.Just when i thought this genre is dead Grey Goo comes in and revives an old, and partly abandoned genre.Buy it."
76561198038535547,Recommended,290790,14184464,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Jabbas Seamen,First descent Command & Conquer like RTS in a long time definately worth the money
76561198048696400,Recommended,290790,14285240,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,theZou,Just like to C&C of old. And the difficulty is also there. Story is too.
76561197972177805,Recommended,290790,14132270,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Ghaell,"Finally, a new big RTS on the market. Boy, did we RTS nerds miss those. I dont think it will break SC2 hegomony, but it`s refreshing, has easy-to-learn-hard-to-master-formula, and it`s just pure fun. The graphics and amount of detail is just outstanding. Races diffrer from eachother in a big way, each with it`s unique setting.The price is what it is, but I can understand that due to lack of any solid RTS`s on the market, therefore it`s target audience is a niche.GJ Petroglyph, gl hf you guys. :)9,5/10"
,Recommended,290790,14141998,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,xI TICKLER Ix,"A great oldschool RTS. Campaign is great, AI is very good, cutscenes are polished and the overall visuals are fantastic.If your a fan of CNC (Besides CNC4) then you will be at home with this game, Map Editor should bring up some interesting community maps"
,Recommended,290790,14169643,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,JOEHAMMER,"This is a very underrated RTS , it has a great classic gameplay style of earlier Command and Conquer games. I would recomend it to anyone who is interested in RTS.Pro'sVery stable game engineEasy unit mechanicsUnique Story line with lots of visualsSimple UICon'sBush battles are some what troublesomeWall deploying units AI needs some work"
76561198038049601,Recommended,290790,14174298,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Bees,"Grey Goo is a beautiful game,and i could go on about how well designed the game is but screw that,all you need to know is that it is pretty much a very handsome starcraft that you dont need to be korean to play the multiplayer."
76561198038557624,Recommended,290790,14174564,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Joe,I have played for a couple hours and this is more of my first impressions.I never played earlyier c&c but will probably buy them next time htey are on sale.THe campaign seems solid on the 2nd level i wasnt prepared and was building my units slow nad not expanding i laated about 5 minutes since the enemy constantly was sending troops my way. The 2nd time i learnt from my mistakes and won. I so far enjoy the game but the 50$ doesnt seem fair and was not sure weather or not to buy but so far i havent crashed or had any bugs and the ciniamtics are great! If your considering buying this game i say watch some videos/streams first to see if you like the concept.
,Recommended,290790,14176673,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,chaotea,"A fantastic game. Much of it is reminiscent of games like starcraft and supreme commander. Compared to these games however the three races feel and play entirely different. Each feels truly unique, yet everything feels very balanced.Good campaign and multilayer, the AI is good and has a variety of preset behaviors.There are a couple of issues. The units path-finding can get tricky, as units going opposite ways will try to walk through each other rather than walking around, and there is a rather small pool of multilayer maps (though there is a button for custom maps, so maybe a future workshop expansion).All in all, an excellent, beautiful rts. Well recommended."
,Recommended,290790,14178003,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,SithHawk,This game is a lot of fun.
,Recommended,290790,20929819,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Ez4mizi,nice
76561198018102618,Recommended,290790,14149970,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Master of Mirrors,"Great visuals and attention on details (e.g. when you produce a commando unit in the factory, you see him actually trainning xD). I'm about 3 or 4 missions in the campaign and for now they are pretty diverse in objectives and such. Story wise it is pretty compelling , the cinematics are GORGEOUS and the voice-acting is okay.Gameplay: the hotkey system by default makes it very easy to macro (produce units, construct additionnal buildings, research tech, etc) using Q W E R T to access every menus and sub-menus. Unit control is fluid but not quite as fast as a game like Starcraft 2, so the micro is less effective. Large group of units tend to get stuck in small entrances.Overall, great addition the gendra and I hearthly recommend it to anyone (experienced or not) interested in playing a good rts"
76561197969435589,Recommended,290790,14156619,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,bricktop66,great fun like old c and c
,Recommended,290790,14170509,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Construct,For anyone that loves old school RTS games this is the rts for you. The Human and the beta play like standard factions from older rts but the goo is something new and wonderful.
,Recommended,290790,14176835,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Substance,"Someone took the best of SC2 combat, mixed in some C&C style base management, added a control system lifted from Dota, pared the resource management down to minimum and released a fantastic game.Supports Lan as well. Defs a keeper!"
76561197971849993,Recommended,290790,14147076,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Dank Robat,Best thing since RA2
76561197982805256,Recommended,290790,14140496,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,SableDrake,"Finally an old-school RTS again. Great soundtrack, awesome cutscenes, fun gameplay. The only downside is the very large UI."
,Recommended,290790,14142073,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,TSUNON,"This game has awesome story, awesome graphic, much better than star craft i would say... but....The difficulty is way toooooo hard!!! I was playing only on easy level but the enemy is so much more powerful than our troops the building time is never enough... I passed the first 4 chapters but I couldnt continue anymore after 8 retry.... i just couldnt make it...Please developer, have mercy on our pooor souls...."
76561197971261464,Recommended,290790,14176554,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,seraph144,A very good game with incredibly detailed work on presentation and graphics. The 3 factions play very differently from one another. Easily one of the best RTS games in recent memory.
76561198019952183,Recommended,290790,16569308,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Birdman,Got it on sale then the next day it went onsale for cheaper.. annoying.. That aside the game seems fun but needs a easier to use map editor and 2v2 is biggest map which seems boring i want massive battle.  Interesting game though.
,Recommended,290790,30843311,Posted: 30 March,all,Found the source of my pain.,A great game. Really need more people to play thiw with.
,Recommended,290790,14137765,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,SpaceBuddy,AWESOME GAME!!!
,Recommended,290790,14155856,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,White Tiger,Lone beta guy attacks my blob of grey early game.Run him over and consume his body with said blob.7.8/10 too much goo.
76561198035542462,Recommended,290790,18463297,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Rysophage,This game is awesome but it NEEDS to be cheaper. There's NO reason this game should be more expensive than the juggernaut that is Starcraft 2.
,Recommended,290790,32782128,Posted: 25 June,all,ILikeH8@^ | XXX.,Another great RTS. Too bad it's dead but the single player is lit.
76561198024714392,Recommended,290790,25402085,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,MEver3,I enjoyed the main campaign. It wasn't exactly the wonder that starcraft 2 is but a nice solid RTS that is worth the price of admission. The control scheme is quite innovative and interesting too. I found it easier than memorising all those keyboard shortcuts...
76561198006587369,Recommended,290790,14136234,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Breo,"Petroglyph made a classic-style RTS and they made it well.I have only experienced a sliver of what this game has to offer, but I am blown away.Pros:- Immersive universe and truly captivating atmosphere- Wonderfully diverse units- Three asymmetrical factions- Old school RTS with some new touches here and there (esp. the Goo)- Fun to playCons:- Low and inconsistent frame rate in the main menu?- Possible framedrops in-game when reaching high population counts (although I have not experienced this first-hand)Verdict:Absolute recommendation if you grew up playing RTS games, despite the (current) technical inconsistencies."
76561198006934629,Recommended,290790,14137029,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Blackoth,"I grew up playing RTS games, they were my favorite. This game flashed me back quite quickly and told me that my RTS skills have gotten soft in recent years, since the tutorial managed to catch me off guard, causing me to sit up in my chair and say game on! This is a pretty solid RTS, not spectacular in any way that ive seen yet, but very solid and fun to play."
,Recommended,290790,14160400,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,OURS IS THE FURY,"At first I was a bit skeptical about this game but after a few hours in I got hooked.This game has a good level of polish, the assymetry is good. Factions are unique and you can tell the differenceThere are however few issues i have with the game, which are :- Frame rate drop at times (not that frequent though)- Lack of content , this issue can be solved with the community as the game supports modding, let's just hope that the devs  keep adding new content- Maybe this is just me but i would love for units to have special abilites, similar to that of red alert 3. It creates another layer of complexity and fun at the same timeIf you like SC like twitch ""RTS"" this game may not be for you, if you enjoy games like C&C then this is the game for youOverall it's a great game, gameplay is mostly smooth, graphics are nice, unit designs are cool, soundtrack is awesome as expected of frank klepacki. Imo a must own for RTS fans."
,Recommended,290790,14165698,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Invasion,Pretty friggin' solid rts. Buy this if you like older rts games. This is NOT Starcraft.
,Recommended,290790,14136672,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,zzyzx,"Great game for classic RTS fans.  Interesting game mechanics.  Story is short, but serves its purpose - to be a tutorial for new players to learn how to get a base up and running as well as how the units work.  Some might be put off by the $50 price tag, but kickstarter-free game development is expensive, and they paid for it out of pocket.  This is one of the best RTS games to show up since Starcraft 2."
,Recommended,290790,14137085,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Json Henry,"If you like the old school RTS games like Command and Conquer you will like this game. It DOES have a pop-cap which is kinda sad but its the closest thing to the old CnC formula you are going to get any time soon I am afraid. It is good, it plays just like you'd expect. I would recommend this anyone that wanted that old school RTS magic."
,Recommended,290790,14158161,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Cheerio Gizmo,"This game is refreshing. Not only does it have a greaa soundtrack and absolutley stunning cutscenes, but you  get to choose what songs you want to play with the Jukebox feature. But onto the meat of the game. Of the three factions, the Beta are fairly typical for RTS games. They are well balanced and spread their bases around the map. This in contrast to the other base building faction, the Humans, who unlike the Beta, build one expanisve well-defended base. Their strategy is typically to turtle and send out waves to wear down enemies and pick off enemy instalments. Now, on to the real pull of this game; the Goo. The Goo are a completely new type of faction that has never been done before in this type of game. Instead of building a base, you start off with one Mother Goo, who, depending on hoe much resources it has absorbed, can spilt into smaller blobs called Proteans. There are 2 types of Proteans, Large ones, which are about as slow as the Mother Goo, and split into heavier unit types, such as tanks. The other type, is the zippy small Protean, which  spawns light infantry. On top of this, Mother Goo and Protean blobs can traverse any terrain, and absorb building and units, making them something akin to melee-range siege weapons. Despite all this innovation, the game has a few setbacks. Despite the campaign telling a good story and having constant and wonderful cutscenes, some of the levels are absolute hell, like the 5th and last Beta level, where after holding out for 15 minutes, you spend an hour running around the map chasing down the last goo blobs. The interface also is very clunky and unresponsive, though a lot of that can be changed by toying with your hotkeys. All in all, this game is just the breath of fresh air the genre needed, from all the Total Wars and Starcraft. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,290790,14159170,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,EsEs,"Just played a bit love it so far, definitely for the classic RTS fansSouth African Afrikaans-English accent makes the game even more awesome11/10""come here little prawn ive got a sweetie for you"""
,Recommended,290790,14135823,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,ExcaliburJoe (Joe),Terrifc. Been waiting for a great RTS for a long time. High production values. Sweet!
76561198066470891,Recommended,290790,14152326,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,The Noose Moose,Goo'd Game.
,Recommended,290790,14154227,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,jackman179,good game and a fun RTS i recommend
,Recommended,290790,14136996,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Brunio,"Grey Goo brings a good RTS game into the frey. If you are familiar with Comand & Conquer Tiberium Sun you'll find familar ground, although the game is more like Comand & Conquer 3 in story and factions.+Grey Goo has 3 extremely different factions with fairly well-done balancing to keep the game fair.+Combat is fun and using the map completely changes the outcome of fights. Use elevation or hide units in brush.+Resource System is fair for each faction. I extremely like how you can expand out and just protect your supply lines of harvesters (which are all auto-built and free).+Story is decent and kept me at least somewhat interested. Biggest problem for me was how we are thrown in with no real backstory given.-Short Campaign-AI does indeed bug out or just make stupid decisions.-Only up to 4 players supported in MP-FPS drops later in games/matches-No great character to love-There are some bugs present. I've had one crash during a loading screen. Selecting units tends to bug out a lot for me which can get really frustrating.Overall I'd give the game an 9/10. Its good. Don't get me wrong, The minuses are simply so you know what might put you off. Can easily see some great competitve games coming from this due to the great base this game has laid out for competitive matches. Doesn't seem to me made for the fun 4v4s 3v3v3s or large custom party games. Its made to be great in competitive 1v1 and 2v2s.As it stands Grey Goo is 50$ on steam. I can see plenty of people enjoying this game and thinking it was money well spent, but I can also see a lot of people getting frustrated with bugs, fps issues, or just not getting into the style. If you are on the fence watch some videos. You'll see what you are getting into."
76561197965986001,Recommended,290790,14161012,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Kibbles,"Nice and pretty graphics. Units handle reasonably well, in that you can just make a pile of them and throw them at the enemy without a lot of thought or micromanagement.I'm a little lazy these days and I don't really want my units to have special abilities unless they can autocast.It has crashed a number of times and is costing a lot of my review points here. I would have given it an 85 but until they fix the bugs I can't give it more than a 60."
,Recommended,290790,14136399,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,nexionly,"Pretty, smooth and fun."
76561198005675512,Recommended,290790,16422263,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Gidderuni n Cheese,A Great solid game however it isnt worth $50 I'd say more about $30 or less it would be more around $50 if it had more content in it for the races
76561198050161613,Recommended,290790,16439572,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Shaytan,"I enjoyed the gameplay, but the ending left me begging for more.Its not often I find myself looking for more from a story line, takes me back to Command & Conquer RA2 Days!"
76561198052278126,Recommended,290790,16410466,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Astral and Arcane,"A great throw back to the glory days of old. Easy to learn but hard to master, a must buy for any old school RTS fan and a great game for anyone interest in the genre but put off by some of the more hardcore titles.If you love the old command and conquer games, don't hesitate to buy this.Edit - The game is now even better with a fourth playable faction added in a free update showing the devs commitment to making Grey Goo a great game."
76561197999529592,Recommended,290790,16407072,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Molasses,"Short review:it has a really nice feel thats a mix between starcraft 1 and the original Command and Conquer, it takes very little time to learn to play and so far has been very very fun. Definitely a good game for anyone whos a fan of the older easy to learn but hard to amster RTS games."
76561198079252988,Recommended,290790,14183328,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Gotdzellal,a really GOOd game
76561198065096387,Recommended,290790,16408419,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Jabberwakkee,"This game is a very fun RTS to play, and it has many mechanics that make it interesting!  The resource system is challenging but easy to grasp.  The building of structures and units is simple enough, but there are enough choices so there is still variety!  I have fun playing this game, and if you like Starcraft or Supreme Commander, you would too."
76561198011795054,Recommended,290790,16490252,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,BooMan,"A generally good game, however, the skirmish AI difficulty settings seem meaningless. Hard AI's routinely get wiped out by Easy AI's, while occasionally a medium AI will just sit there and do nothing. While the settings for defensive, offensive, etc seem to have some bearing, an AI set to ""balanced"" will assault you with relentless waves of enemies such that they are indistinguishable from an AI set to ""offensive."" In team skirmish mode, your ally AI will rarely if ever assist or cooperate with you, while the team enemy AI's will coordinate exceptionally well, even when set to ""Easy."" I lost my first dozen or so matches against an ""easy"" AI because it was so brutally aggressive."
76561198038635890,Recommended,290790,16461858,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,GlasswalkerJ,"I went into this with some decent opinions and reviews.  And it was woefully underestimated.  This is an amazing RTS, reminds me a lot of StarCraft, with its own unique storyline and seriously addictive gameplay.  Highly recommended.  Seriously, buy this game.  Probably one of my favorite purchases in recent memory if you enjoy RTS, and what appears to be high budget."
76561198022236367,Recommended,290790,14163870,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,stumpysheep,"The wait for a new old-school RTS is finally overDon't be fooled by the name, Grey Goo may be the old-school RTS you've been waiting for. At its heart it's a bit of a mix of Starcraft and C&C3, with enough differences to have easily fought for a place in the crowded RTS market of a few years ago. The question is how much its novelty in 2015 is part of the reasons it's getting some very good reviews?I don't think it's unfair to say that Grey Goo is a bit rough around the edges. The graphics aren't going to push a mid-range PC much, and I did find some bugs with loading and menu screens, however the cut sequences are impressive for a team on a smaller budget and the overall style is classic RTS (in a good way).The three factions comprise humans, the humanoid Beta, and the eponymous Goo. Other reviewers have commented that the former two are quite similar and the latter not great fun to play, but I'm quite liking all three and the more you play the more the subtlties are starting to come out. Also, the Goo is about as different a race as you're likely to see in an RTS and could lead to some interesting tactics in a three-way scrap. The team deserve some real credit here and I'm looking forward to seeing how the factions will develop, but I'd also like a few more skirmish maps to play about with (presumably we'll see both in DLC).So, to answer my question, only a bit. Novelty value aside this is a fully-fledged RTS with a decent campaign and enough skirmish options to keep single players happy, at least whilst more maps come out, and the asymmetrical set up is going to be great fun for multiplayers. If you're looking for a new RTS and you pick up Grey Goo - and I certainly recommend you do - you won't be be disappointed."
,Not Recommended,290790,28890137,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,SephiaSky,ProsGood Story CampaignIt seems to employ different strategy for each race but not making them overpowerd.I like the way you can build structure and units without moving around the map to muchConsIt doesn't seems to be optimize very much. I am doing campaing a made a couple of troops. I am not fighting against a large group of AI but the game lags so much at solo campaign. I didn't wait to find out if it lags in multiplayer mode.
,Not Recommended,290790,31295633,Posted: 22 April,all,Agonistarch,"Grey goo involves some novel takes on the RTS genre. However, the units are made of tissue paper, whilst the buildings are made of steel. Given this, it's frustrating to try and push your advantage, only to come up against one of the various defence emplacements.There are a couple of different aspects about the resourcing system that remain unclear to me, even now. This, in combinaton with a story that, once again, whilst novel, reeked of some Sci-Fi cliches, even if the nametags of the races Zerg, Human and Protoss, have been changed for Goo, Beta and Human (Yes, the humans are the futuristic faction.)A good concept, let down by a lack of clear gameplay instructions and a focus on turtling."
,Not Recommended,290790,31153558,Posted: 15 April,all,Crimson Porpoise,"An old school RTS with a modern polish. Unfortunally with this modern coat also comes with technical issues that should never be encountered with a game. In this case, I am refering to the save system.Grey Goo uses Steam Cloud Sync to save your games and progress, opting to not keep a local copy of your save game (Feel free to correct me if I'm wrong here, I'll be glad to know that I am).Normally this would not be an issue, for I can usually re-download my other games such as Deus Ex or Fallout: New Vegas which I last played months ago and continue on the exact spot where I left off.Grey Goo however, despite being a two years old games at the point of this review, is still unable to properly sync itself to the Steam Cloud. This is a major issue, for it is the only way the game will save it's own progress. I have currently played slightly shy of 6 hours,my save profile have already mysteriously dissappeared twice. Following the advice on the forums, I have ensured that I have enabled Steam Cloud Sync, but the game will still fail to properly save my game and will complelely erase any progress!It's such a shame too, the story is actually decent enough for me to want to know what happens next! Unfortunally with my save file needing to play a russian roulette everytime it tries to sync I am unable to recommend this game for protential buyers.Edit: Decided to give it a chance again to play the campaign, still does not save my progress at all. Wasted quite a few hours going through the Beta and Human campaign for it to go to waste again. Even going online on Steam before playing the game (as recommended over the forums) didn't help."
76561198004625244,Recommended,290790,14491052,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Lord Kek,"Finally a really awesome RTS on steam! StarCraft can be so stressful, but this game is just freakishly fun! It's not twitchy like StarCraft.I love the defensive strategies and the fact that the races play so differently than eachother. Also, the concept behind the races I found to be intriguing and the playstyle appropriate for their respective dynamics.One thing I wish was that there were more skirmish maps... I'd like to see more maps that allow the humans more freedom to expand their conduit lines. It'd be really cool to be able to conduit directly into an allies base to build defense structures for them you know?"
76561198039117615,Recommended,290790,14331793,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Romanthony,"Alright this is my review for this game!This game is beautiful The graphics are awesome (with some factions you can even see units being built/trained)The music and sound is Really niceThe ingame cutscenes are Just wow!The market hasnt had a good RTS for a long time, and out of no where this came in, its a real must have for any RTS fans specially fans of C&C since it has some old Westwood staff behind it.The only thing i didnt like was how short the campaign was.  With 3 factions you basicly make one big campaign split into 3 partsFirst beta then human and finally the goo.Each mission was challenging, Ones for beta vs the goo.Now for the factions.Im not sure which I like more really The beta are a soild faction with good units and upgradesHumans are quite in the middle, units again being a good mix, but there base building mechnic is alittle broken (take out one power cable shut down buildings)Goo are the most fun and can be overpowered when played right.I wont spoil the ending, But i was alittle disapointed with the ending, but Am looking forward to greygoo 2 with how good this was!Overall i give a soild 9/10"
76561198084199467,Recommended,290790,14346454,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,themusic,"Summary: Grey Goo has a lot of potential, and its a solid game right now. However, it lacks intensity and likewise replayability. It all comes down to game speed.I've been playing RTS's for a long time all the way back to the first C&C's. It's by far my favorite genre of games. While i respect the choice of slower gamespeed for style of play, GG is a bit too slow. The ability to be quick on your feet with high APM, quick thinking and fast micro is pretty much obsolete in this game. This type of intensity is a huge part of competive RTS gameplay.The units and game mechanics are pretty awesome and well done. Honestly, if everything were the exact same and the game speed sped up to double (yes double) what it is now, it would probably be pretty fantastic. Until then i probably won't be playing too much.There have been network issues and i've been getting dropped from about 1/4 of my games. But the game just released so i'm not considering that as part of my review.Anyway there you have it. The speed does not do it justice, which is a shame because the game is very well made."
76561198050331535,Recommended,290790,14273733,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Semos,This is a great RTS. A very refreshing resource management system. This game does a lot of things right that other RTSs don't. I don't have that instinct to turtle like in most RTS games. I feel encouraged to expand and attacking on multiple fronts. Very statisfying. Buy this game if you want to get an early edge on its meta game because I really think this RTS will be big.
,Recommended,290790,14289521,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Valkyrie,"Full Video Reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vsc_KGAL9rkGrey goo is a return to classic real-time strategy. Taking the best aspects from basing building, unit management and combat and merging it together giving it a fresh style without making the game to simple."
76561198063822716,Recommended,290790,15717636,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Z--A--C--H--E,"Its a good game, but the only problems I faced was the maps are very small and resources are very limited. Plus there is not much to build as each faction in comparison to most RTS games. Otherwise, the depth of the map is amazing and certain units have imaginative unique abilities. Buy it just for the experience of how unique it is."
,Recommended,290790,15707009,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Edgewalker,"Grey Goo doesn't bring much new to the genre, but has some great qualities. Its C&C-style large-scale top-down strategy emphasis (as opposed to Blizzard style bottom-up micromanagement hell) makes the game fun for casual to moderately serious RTS players.  ""Serious"" RTS players who measure their success in APM might be disappointed, but they will also be missing out on a great game.The storyline and characters are engaging and memorable enough, with the cutscene character models being some of the most realistic seen in a game of any genre.The lack of a robust AI is a problem, but not one that brings the game down.  It is a pity, because it stops challenging the player fairly early in the game, but in general RTS AI has never been strong, and we should not expect it.The very small number of maps means that play outside of the campaign can become dull and repetitive more quickly than it ought to, and the developers should address this by producing a number of them in the future, perhaps with the planned expansion."
,Not Recommended,290790,15322912,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Darren,"Absolutely terrible, fails on all fronts. Garbage performance, zero post release support, p2p 10fps multiplayer, cheating, disconnects, etc etc. It's worth 5 euro, not 50.If you want a decent RTS, this is not it."
76561198016761758,Recommended,290790,16842813,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Soundlover,Completed. Its somewhat short and can be a bit boring. Story not bad but units are not interesting. The goo concept of dividing is great. I think the Beta units are the best.I don't recommend it if its not heavily discounted. I bought it for under $20 with daily deal 60% off.
,Recommended,290790,17245158,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Ty 哈,"Very nice game, great potential.7/10"
76561197972490364,Recommended,290790,16345095,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Extremer2099,"This game is amazing!  Excellent graphics, in-depth game play - rubs my C&C / Starcraft itch all the right ways."
,Recommended,290790,16359799,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Imran,Well made game.If you liked C&C Red Alert and/or Tiberian Sun then you'll like this.Sending a copy to EA just so they know how to make a decent RTS.
76561198143545197,Recommended,290790,16781758,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Blood and Steel,"this game is fantastic, i buy when it on sale so it worth it :)"
76561198028096440,Recommended,290790,17072022,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Timi,"Has good CGI, but lacks content."
76561197960485174,Recommended,290790,17146729,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Kill-o-M@tic,One fine example of an RTS game ... =)
76561197994430944,Recommended,290790,18450235,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Bostblack,"Classic RTS (mid-early C&C era) controls and a great campaign.  Music stands out in a great way with a storyline that has depth.  If you thoroughly enjoy RTS games, buy it.  If you don't, buy it on sale."
76561197972561077,Not Recommended,290790,18730232,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,lowix,"I play a lot of RTS, and unforutnitly the campaign on this one is very poorly done.  Everything AI bases its actions off of certain triggers.  So it forces you to turtle.  If you go really slow the game is easy, and if you go fast the game becomes impossible.  The oppisite is true if you play against people.  The story is ok at best."
76561198097801738,Recommended,290790,18577245,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Modus Ponens,Recenlty bought this game when it was on sale. The game is just amazing and extremly underestimated. I've come to the conclusion that the only reason why this game isn't more popular then it already is might be because people simply hasn't heard about it or have just watched some clips and not tried it. The game is so much better then the videos and the marketing are showing. The campaign is so much better that SC2 campaign in my opinion and the story is just amazing. Great job devs!
76561198038059212,Not Recommended,290790,18628089,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,robert.busseau,"Fantastic game. I like the game play, I like the artwork.......BUT, the campaign is so short."
,Recommended,290790,18548918,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,-(aaK)-Devrij,"Yes. Yes! I just took a punt on this because it was a FTP weekend, and I love it. It is essentially supreme commander but with a 200 unit cap and walls. Which is exactly what I wanted. A classic RTS with base building, resource harvesting (and the economy management as a side effect, and defending your resource ), ground and flying units etc. I like that the higher tier stuff unlocks as a match progresses, so you can't just rush a heavy unit at the start. You have to build a unit factory, and a silo, and research a piece of tech before you can build a large unit factory for instance. So the game ramps up nicely into a large scale war without the worry of rubbish rush wins. You still need to be careful though!All in all, I've been looking for a classic RTS like this for a while. If you liked SupCom, you'll like this. It may lack the massive scale of supcom, but it makes up for it beautifully and I never felt that I was limited by the unit cap."
,Recommended,290790,18817142,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,[BoBo] AY PAPI,"Slower pace than Starcraft 2, but way more challenging.  You need to git gud not by improving your actions per second or micro-managing, but by having a better strategic plan overall.  This is how an RTS should be."
,Recommended,290790,18555786,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,SandInUrVagina,"Just played for the free weekend but I think I may end up boying it, even if I miss the sale and end up paying full price. I hadn't played any thing like this since Starcraft, which to be honest got kind of overwhemling with all the available customizations and associated strategies that I finally just hung it up. Grey Goo left me wanting more. Its challenging, even on easy. Some levels you sale through and others mess you up over and over until you finally scrape through it.  The base building system is simple and varies between the 3 factions, Unlike C&C where the opposing forces were mirror images of each other.  I managed to get through the Beta and all but the final level of Human but didnt get to play the Goo. As soon as I get paid I think I will be adding it to my cart!"
,Recommended,290790,18501827,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Shoji Tabuchi,"Solid RTS.The story that this game tells isn't boring, is delivered in a well paced manner.However it ends with a cliffhanger, which I hated. beat the game on normal difficulty in 24 hours.The Free DLC they gave out for it may fix the cliffhanger ending.If you aren't wanting to pay for the 30 Starcraft2 ""Games"" that are coming out just to milk your wallet instead of making good content, support this game, its reasonablly priced for the quality you get, The developers often to community events, i have seen them show up at least once a week doing events.Fun Races to build with, holds your hand just enough in the begining to teach you the game.TLDRGood story, Cliffhanger , Free DLC, solid RTS. If you liked starcraft (the original) you will enjoy this."
,Recommended,290790,18509763,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,J4R0D,"I saw this on sale and being an RTS fanatic, took advantage of the free-to-play for the special. From the get-go, it was different from most RTS I've seen. Every faction has a verfy different play style, the resource is limited on the map, it is very dificult to get the EPIC unit of each faction, and therte are very few ""tanky"" units that just soak up the damage.Now I'm going to buy this game so I can play it forever."
76561198090200509,Recommended,290790,18532323,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,FollowTheWay,"This is an amazing game.  Fantastic graphics, fun unit quotes, amazing gameplay, challenging but intresting mission, and fantastic blizzard level cinematics, these all come together to form one 5 star game."
,Recommended,290790,14247606,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,AzureusFlames,"HOLY CRAP, this game has released my old days of Command and Conqure. I love this game WAY BETTER than SC, SC2.i havent tried multiplayer yet but wow single player campaign hnnnnngnngnnnng"
,Recommended,290790,22739786,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,bunnzy,"You want old school RTS a la Blizzard, AoE etc?  You got it.  Grey Goo is great, and what I've been waiting for while waiting for Starcraft II.  What a shame it wasn't out earlier!     And you know what?  How refreshing is it to hear South African accents in games?  That never happens!The story is really interesting, the different races and classes (or I should say shrouds) are distinct and enjoyable.  There is challenge where there needs to be.  A variety of different level types, however still keeping it RTS-like.I love it, it's a worthy investment.  If you like traditional RTS games, then don't wait for a sale, get it now!9/10 (because only Blizzard gets a 10 from me)P.S I am unsure why my many clocked hours aren't showing up.  Trust me, I've played the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game, almost as much as Stardew Valley..."
,Recommended,290790,22822308,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Chapter Serf,"If you're looking for an RTS in the old style of Old StarCraft or Old Command and Conquer, this might be what you're looking for. A slower paced game, with a great campaign and diverse factions."
76561198179115370,Not Recommended,290790,29364411,Posted: 19 January,all,vincent-reaper,"First things first: I'm here for the shroud and the goo and I'm a single-player player, so I didn't even touch the multiplayer part.Well, I have to say that I'm pretty disappointed with what I got for the money.Even though the campaign in and on it's own is nice, it's still very short and... let's call it 'on the point'. Nothing special here.I like the ideas behind the factions and to an accepable amout also their execution.On the other hand it's hard to find out the real differences, reasons, pros and cons of the units and how to utilize them correct. Also there are too few missions to learn the units right and at the point where you start to get somewhat familiar with a few uints, you get thrown on the next faction and start over again. In the end I myself just went with what felt the most efficient, like an army of cloaked Daggers in the human campaign.At the start of the game the tutorial at least sort of tryed to help the player understand the mechanics, but that got weaker with the humans, was mostly nonexistent with the goo, and the shroud isn't even playable in the campaign as well as not explained.Another weakpoint is that if you for example want to play, and therefore learn to play, the goo, you have to play through all of the campaign first and can't decide which faction you want to learn specific.And if you want to learn the shroud faction you have only one chance, namely a skirmish match against an AI-idle enemy and crawl through the encyclopedia.Sadly if playing skirmish matches with AI, especially as the shroud, you get immense FPS drops when having the unit/build UI open and moreso when hovering your cursor over the units/tooltips up to the point where the game just crashes.Such technical problems with the game itself are known for long on the forums and no sollutions or patches given officially.The only answers from the staff in the forums to any problems is the explicit demand to fill out a ticket and providing them with your personal data (or data-mining for short).In conclusion, personally I think the game was very promissing but poorly executed and I myself regret spending the ~30€ for the game.If it's on sale fore like 5~7€ feel free to give it a try (if you don't plan on playing shroud) but for the price it's listed at, don't even think about spending.So, I won't recommend it."
76561198033207683,Not Recommended,290790,29882292,Posted: 12 February,all,mauferas,"Worst game EVER, when it comes to RTS type games!  Even on easy, the game is impossible.  I understand that a game needs to be challenging to keep the gamer coming back for more, but frustration usually ends in broken controllers/keyboards and bad reviews.  Any game that is going to have an AI, should not have stealth technology as an available tech.  Seriously, do you really think the computer ""Doesn't know"" where you pieces are when in stealth mode?  When it's the computer controlling the moves you give to your troops, how is the computer supposed to not see the stealth troops/pieces?  It’s a point and click interface…you select the troops/pieces you want to move/give orders to, select the desired outcome, and the computer carries out your command.  Of course, the player can't see the computer's stealth pieces...  Any way, if you are looking for a game that is just like all other RTS games, this is the one for you.  If you are looking for a game that breaks the mold, look elsewhere.  Glad I got this puppy while on sale…but I don’t recommend this game unless you can get it for $2 (including all DLC)."
76561198034215787,Not Recommended,290790,30142245,Posted: 24 February,all,spectre__,"I got this game expecting the fun of C&C or the creativity of Universe At War(btw, where is it on Steam?)But all I got was a generic game. You may think, ""ohh but there is this and that and the Goo"", but none of this matters because there is simply no personality, its simply not fun. It's sad to say this, I always root for these devs, but I regret this purchase."
,Recommended,290790,29355933,Posted: 19 January,all,BumbaiShizzz,"When i was a kid, i started playing command and conquer generals , zero hour, red alert, battle realms, starcraft and etc. right now, playing something as close to starcraft 2 is really relaxing and pleasing the heart. the mechanics, storyline and overall gameplay of the game itself is really awesome and it brings back the memories. trust me. 10/10"
,Recommended,290790,30270042,Posted: 1 March,all,overidon,"NOTE: This game requires a good graphics card and CPU.I played this on a intel i7 with 16 gigs ram and a GTX 1070Personally I had a ton of fun with the single player on thsi game. I had trouble finding multiplayer matches but the singleplayer was tons of fun.The grey goo campaign was one of the most fun RTS that I've had in years. The human units are fun and it's kind of like playing tower defense.But the goo units are really interesting. I love the idea that the goo use health as a resource.Yes, the campaign is ""short"" when compared to other RTS games. So just get it when it's on sale. Or maybe there will be new campaigns in the future. I hope so."
76561198013246634,Recommended,290790,29424574,Posted: 22 January,all,lloydwalls,"Before I start let me say that I personally bought the game when it was on sale and the review reflects the price i paid rather than the full price of the game.  I mention this now becasue had i paid full price for this game I could not recommend it and would not be a happy shopper.Grey Goo brings some interesting differences to the table with regards to the factions.  Each faction is well balanced and plays in a different way.  The Beta for example are capable of building anywhere on the map but are the 'least' technologically advanced race.  The Humans (unusally the most avanced tech race) Can build only one base and all the builings have to be connected by conduits leading to some interesting base design.  The Titualar Gray Goo (or Goo) are one of the more unique races i have seen in any RTS they don't have 'bases' as such, however everything is created from 'Mother Goos'.   This brings a lot of variation to the table with regards to  playstyle and you will probably develop you own personal favorite.   Overall i was impressed with the differences in the factions, however, this leads me to the negative about the game.Although the factions feel and play in a unique way there is just not enough variety with regards to unit types.  Every faction basically has 4 light, 4 heavy and 4 air, and a smattering of defensive and one 'ultimate' that's it.   This in itself would be fine If you had a real chance to use them.  What i mean by this is that the single player campaign is just too short for each faction (5 missions for each).  By the time you have access to the complete tech tree the factions story is over.  Now in an rts like Supreme commander where each 'mission' has multiple sub missions a small number of missions is fine.  With Gray Goo however each mission can be completed in under 10mins if you are a skilled player.   If there was a large mutliplayer community this would again be fine, however, it is dead.Overall though I would recommend this game if you can get it like i did for around £7 on sale as the game is certainly worth that money if you are an RTS fan like myself.  If however you are considering buying it at it's full price then i would advise saving your money or waiting until it is on offer again at under the £10 price point.  There simply is not enough to the game to justify the 'full' price or frankly even half the price even if you consider the 'DLC' campaign and fairly unispired soundtrack.To state it again I recommend this game ONLY if you can purchase it at the Sub £ 10 price point."
76561198008785639,Not Recommended,290790,29565896,Posted: 29 January,all,psychotic_egg,"It was a close call as to whether suggest this game or not, and to be honest still on the fence about that. Here's why, for the price of 32.99 CAD you get a VERY short campaign spread through three races. For another 8.79 CAD you get a whopping three more missions. . . . Wait wtf? only three missions for what is often the price of full games from indie studios?That said I'm going to compare this to Starcraft 2. While some may say that is unfair, Starcraft 2 is one of, if not thee, king of current RTS's. So this should be compared to a leader in it's field. Unit selection per race is a little limited, but decently balanced. Though with keeping to the united limit of 200 that Starcraft uses and has used since the first starcraft in this game it really limits you as these units tend to take up more space with their ultimate units for each race taking up a whopping 70 slots. . . Compared to Starcraft where the Thor, arguably the Terrans ultimate, costs 6 and you find yourself deciding on a large army or one major unit and ten ok units. . .The species of the goo, which is a nanite species similiar to replicators in Stargate, was a neat idea, even if resembling the grey creep that zerg build everything on. And having similarites to the zerg in that they are the weaker faction but make up for this with regeneration and fast numbers. I feel like it was a near miss for this species though as what you would imagine from seeing in many sci-fi movies and shows doesn't always fit. Almost like they had more than one person Leading development for this race. While some do a damage that break down enemies on a microscopic level others do not. Also when they break down an enemy it leaves a goo puddle behind which is really cool and uselfull, if you have a mother goo closest to it out of all the formless goo. I say mother goo because any of the formless will attract the goo puddle after testing: The Purger will take endless amounts of puddle but will not heal or gain any benefit. . . Well yay that is a waste. The small and large proteans heal a micro-fraction of their health that you may as well not bother seeing as these two units are always weaker then the units they can make that it's pointless and has no benefit to keeping them as proteans. I think it should have worked more along the lines of small proteans if they gather enough puddles become a large protean and large if they gather enough become a fully charged mother (the latter option being harder to do as their is a slot limit to how many mothers you can have, which I understand since they don't take up unit slots and can be used to attack.) I also think that all units of the goo should break down enemies. Seeing as no matter what they are firing it is still made up of nanites which would get to working breaking down an enemy. then as the puddle slides towards a mother goo (only a mother goo) any unit it touches that requires healing it heals slowly diminishing itself along the way, but only if the unit needs healing. Easy way to impliment would be a puddle has a set ""health"", say 400. As it touches things subtract the amount healed from it's health then if any is left by the time it hits the mother bam add the remaining. To help balance make the goo have less total health or do less damage and add a dot to all (though make sure the dots stack otherwise multiple units are pointless) or even both.If you want me to go further into details I can edit this and push on, just this is long as it is, and afraid I'll get a lot of TLDR as it is."
76561198084292554,Recommended,290790,30226735,Posted: 27 February,all,Grizzles,love the story line and the game play. definitely keeps you on your toes. i am waiting for the continuation of this story and also to see what game play will be like in the next edition. any updates on release date for the expansion?
76561198071823328,Recommended,290790,30303172,Posted: 3 March,all,Elsenrail,This is the best strategy I have played since Starcraft II. There is something fresh about the strategy of each species. The CGI is Blizzard level.
76561197965046698,Not Recommended,290790,29937653,Posted: 15 February,all,vOiDcOrE,"I would have really enjoyed this game, if it just would run more stable. My computer sounds like an airplane when i start this game. All the time, even when minimized."
,Recommended,290790,14168841,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Jachymor,"Status: Campaign as good as finished on Normal, multiple Skirmish (Up to Hard) and one random online match.I enjoy the game for its classic simplicity with modern takes and improvements on the Command and Conquer Formula. I recommend the game to any RTS-Lover and those who want to love the genre. Building a base is easy, understandable and allows for advanced tactics as soon as you get the basics. Units may appear as basic role fulfiller, but I am happy with the choice you have. It appears though as the Goo allows for for crazy tactics than the other factions in terms of units, while the Humanoid races have to rely more on proper base building and expanding. The landscape is beautiful but could use more variation in the future.I approve the full prize and I am thankful for the slight reduction in the Euro price, it shows that some publisher actually care for the conversion rates. Everyone who thinks it is outrageous to demand a full prize for a full game, but still pays 100$ for an incomplete and buggy game (cough AC cough FC cough), is an idiot. Everyone else who thinks it is too expensive still demands that good developer who worked hard have to dine on instant noodles and cannot afford a basic life standard.While I am happy with the content as it is, I still miss a few things. For future updates and expansions, I'd like to see the following:- A proper Stealth mission! Also, more dedicated no-base missions. Maybe as side-missions for the campaign?- An actual in-structure mission! I can still remember the silo mission in Red Alert where you launch a devastating dog avalanche against Tanja.- As stated already a more diverse landscape. I know the classics had two at most, but as of today a bit more variety is welcome.- Maybe the reintroduction of a ranking system for units? I grew quite fond of the little rank markers on units and was always sad when an Elite-gunner died...- A little less durability for Beta walls.tldr:Good game, gonna wreck PvP soonTM."
,Not Recommended,290790,32835972,Posted: 26 June,all,Chrysalis,"Good but not very complicated. It's enjoyable, but just barely. I feel like I'd have a lot more fun on supreme commander, so you probably would too."
76561197969531398,Not Recommended,290790,33230557,Posted: 4 July,all,Reanimated Tomato,"It's nice to see a classic RTS game.  However, the gameplay is slow and shallow and mostly consists of defending your base until you can create an epic unit.  The units are cookiecutter and offer no real variety to allow for different builds or playstyles. Basically, you get 1) light units that do almost no damage and die almost instantly, 2) heavy units that are actually useful, 3) artillery units that are mostly just annoying, 4) flying units that do good damage but die easily.  There are no active abilities and no real rock-paper-scissors kind of elements.  Gameplay is massing units and building towards an epic unit. Lastly, the single player campaign lacks any compelling characters and the story is uninteresting."
,Recommended,290790,21762905,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Brightlight,A easy bot beated me.
76561197976802191,Not Recommended,290790,18493432,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,TinMan,"I cant recommend this game, although it is an interesting concept, story and reasonably well polished. I found it to become rather uninteresting too soon, maps felt too small and there's a lack of strategy and units. I don't leave reviews often but i was very disappointed by this purchase and would advise ppl to thick twice before buying, even at half price!"
,Not Recommended,290790,17228922,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,JustCae,"It's a $20-$30 title.It's pretty, it's smooth, it's slow, and it has an interesting enough story. Units feel all the same. Don't feel any sort of dynamic base buidling. One game is the same as the next. Not an amazing title. Install, play a day, then uninstall. Whatever that's worth to you."
76561198113151418,Not Recommended,290790,14273473,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,The Gray,"As one of the lovers of original command and conquere series I anticipated this game for some time. I got it on second day of release; and just had sometime to finish the game.The plot is a nice modern sci-fi; although they kind of rush through the story so relating to the charachters becomes a bit hard as you do not have enough time to get to know them well.  the goo faction is innovative and interesting to play.The art work is fairly nice but not as detailed as I had hope.But the game developers miserably fail to not make the same mistakes of the current owner of C&C frenchies. The game play in the campain is very random and you hardly know the objectives of several levels. Also the enemy units just get randomly teleported in the game from nowhere in some levels including the very last one!  This is very obvious and annoying as you do not know where to put your defenses or what to expect; I basically saved the game, saw where they got TPed from thin air and loaded back to put up my defenses. These kind of ""little tricks"" by developers make me believe they have done a weak job on designing gameplay. Then they had to compensate by give AI side a boost by having random reinforcements! If there is a battlefield and I have cleared it from all the enemy units by the rules of the game; there should be no enemy popping in my face out of no where afterwards at totally random places.Also original C&Cs were very detail oriented for their time. For instance when it came to battlefield; the traces of war would stay till the end on the field which I loved about them (Man, ""Tiberian Sun"" took this aspect to a whole new level back then). In all recent C&C games and also this one; the battlefield is basically a white board. Yes!  These little details do make a difference in my opinion by making the game more realistic.In short the game is not a horrible one but is the same as one of the recent ruined C&Cs; it falls short of deliverying the original game play feeling. I would wait until it becomes far cheaper before I buy it.Thanks for reading!"
76561198089501075,Not Recommended,290790,22477980,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Neuhnee,"While all the media stresses an emphasis on story, decision making and tactics, the campaign is thin and linear.As for the tactics, each faction is little more than a graphical mod of a very simple core design with one or two unique units. The unit cap and cost of units combine to very much *discourage*  building a diverse force with specialized units working to support each other in varied roles and you end up simply building the current faction's unique unit until you hit the unit cap and wiping the map with it. And there is a very clear emphasis on rushing to the exclusion of any other playstyle."
,Recommended,290790,20051193,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Love,"Great RTS but the maps are to small for my taste.also they could add some super weapons like in Universe At War:Earth Assault,"
76561197998832294,Not Recommended,290790,18106563,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,SKiTzzOiD,"This game if freaking bullshuvik. The matchmaking is atrocious. I get matched on a first come first served basis. This means I regularly have to play against top 10 players. 90% of the time or greater I'm playing against top 30. How is it any fun when you know you're going to lose before you start a game? Then there are the wait times. Queue times are usually longer then 2 minutes, often between 4:00-7:00 minutes, and occasionally over 10 minutes. The factions are very unbalanaced, with the goo faction being more powerful than the other two. Missing some standard things, such as being able to set troops to attack move when leaving a production facility on the way to a rally point. This means all your troops die without ever firing a shot if someone sets up somewhere along that path (good luck if you get distracted by a big battle). The human faction is almost allways limited to a very small section of the map and can't expand their base beyond that predfined area. I could go on, but I digress. Mostly for me it is the online play. I'm uninstalling it after today and I won't be looking back. SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!"
76561198062422908,Not Recommended,290790,29544088,Posted: 28 January,all,Gonegamer554,"While indeed impressive in many aspects, from my simple play time I have already uncovered most of the core gameplay already.  It is overly complex for being far too shallow.  It's a real shame as they obviously put a lot of effort into the visuals.  But, the core design of this game does it no favors.There is very little unit variety for starters.  Upgrades are few and simple, locking you into one per four categories in a rather lame attempt to have divergence.  The variety and depth just isn't there.  The AI is incompetent; my ally outright got slaughtered because while their base was being destroyed, their army sat on the other side of it playing poker or something.  The performance begins to suffer pretty quickly, and I've got an i7 pakcing a GTX970M.  Being forced to build connections to do anything is a pain.  The game is obviously geared toward offense, with defense being the lame duck option.  After three matches, it feels like I've seen everything in the game.  Oh, and all the units look same-ish, making them kind of boring.They took far too much inspiration (copying) from standard RTS formulas to create a visually attractive, shallow game that simply cannot demand much of my time.  I bought this on sale and I still feel rather upset with my purchase... just, the designers needed to really leverage their brains to make something that matched the love and devotion the visuals got.  And yet... the designers took one too many coffee breaks instead of doing their job.Overall, not recommended.  There are just too many alternative RTS options that offer an amazing experience.  Unlike this  one."
76561198054756908,Not Recommended,290790,29899624,Posted: 13 February,all,Some Wierd Petricite Golem,"This game is meh. It doesn't really bring anything new to the table, and everything I tried was meh. The races just feel like copy pastes of StarCraft races(excluding the goo, that's ♥♥♥♥'s pretty sweet) and overall, I found the game lack luster. At least, if you want StarCraft and don't have the money, it's a nice alternative. Otherwise, I wouldn't purchase it, just in my opinion."
76561197960505264,Not Recommended,290790,30119706,Posted: 23 February,all,Lord Goldeneyes,"Very short campaign that fails to innovate in any way.  DLC is an even worse investment as it is only 3 more missions.  This is only a buy at $5 or less, including DLC."
76561197996952742,Recommended,290790,32270284,Posted: 8 June,all,Kelroa,"Eh, I didn't like it all that much, neither did my friends.I've a spare code for it so if anyone wants it, by all means.*Code's been redeemed*"
,Recommended,290790,14188700,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,waterbottles,"If you like Command & Conquer, ull definitely love this game.  The humans and Beta factions have pretty much normal base building.  Then theres the Goo which are completely unique and so fun to play as."
,Not Recommended,290790,18166033,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Zincoshine,"With a dead multiplayer and only 15 missions, this game is asking for way too much money. I got it on a sale so I don't mind too much, but I definetely can't recommend this game. You are better off playing starcraft or red alert 2 instead. beautiful classics from the golden age of RTS."
76561197992229015,Recommended,290790,23873660,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Dire,"Do you like classic RTS like Command & Conquer? Then you will most likely also like Grey Goo.Grey Goo is a pretty standard base building RTS, and I don't mean that in a derogatory sense.You have three factions to choose from:- The ""Humans"" construct their base outwards from a core. They can only expand their buildings by building conductors which transfer the energy. Buildings separated from such a conductor cease functioning, so expanding across the map is extremely difficult for the Humans...also you can't build conductors over elevation, which further limits your expansion plans. You can, however, rearrange your base via teleporter. Costs a small amount of resources and time.Units wise the Humans field drones in all variety. They have small attack craft, bigger tanks, even bigger beam or rail gun tanks (upgraded), artillery and pretty good air units, which can be more easily built up than with the Beta faction. Getting started with the Humans is easy pie.- The ""Beta"" are a humanoid alien race, which look kinda funny, to be honest. They build their base by placing ""hubs"" in various sizes, which can support a number of buildings. Expanding with the Beta is easy, you just need to have vision of an area and you can place your hub and expand. They can also place turrets pretty much everywhere. However, these must be manned by units to actually do something.Units are more or less similar to the Humans. They're different of course, but they serve the same functions mostly. They also field artillery and air units. Funnily enough, the aliens in this game are NOT the most evolved life form, heh.- The ""Goo"" are a symbiotic mass of nano machines, endlessly replecating. The Goo do not build bases or defenses. The Goo just use their ""Motherships"" to claim resources, construct units and kill enemies. Expanding with the Goo is at once easy, since you can do so whenever you wish, but also comes with a risk, since you are actually risking your ""base"" while expanding.The Goo also field kind of similar units, but do have a few diversifying stuff like non-attacking taunt units, aoe healers and not a SINGLE air unit, which makes scouting the map a bit more difficult.The game only has 1 resource, the catalyst, which pays for everything. Just like in C&C for example you do not spend your cash at once, but by resources/second. And just like with C&C you have harvesters collecting these resources and delivering them to your base in chunks. They do need a base station, though (think RA 3). And that's really it.The campaign takes you through 15 missions (5 for each faction), 1 bonus mission (Goo) as part of a free update and a 3 mission mini campaign with one of the main characters of the story. The Story...well, it's not terrible, but it's not standing out, either. You won't find too much enjoyment here, I guess. The motivations are sketchy, the cutscenes are very well done, but lack impact. Character animation, however, is superb. Unfortunately, most missions revolve around killing x or y . The bonus objectives could make things more interesting, if they had a bigger impact on the overall campaign (think SC 2, where you have to complete these objectives in order to gather the maximum amount of research credits, etc.).This is not SC 2, this is not C&C. It's its own game. It's good. It could be better. But it's worth giving it a shot.Graphics and sound are pretty good. Sound track is subject to personal taste, but I liked it. Voice is also good. Animation is ok. Performance seemed to suffer a bit from large amounts of units, but nothing severe.All in all, perhaps a 7-/10."
,Recommended,290790,14184939,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,|nViz0,A Westwood classic revival with the teme of Starcraft 2 but at a much more enjoyable tactical pace.  One of the exceedingly rare Macro-RTS games.
76561198009676818,Recommended,290790,23434181,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Sir Donks,"Definitely give this game a go, simply yet additive. Depending what race you pick sets the tone of the battle field. Try being the humans for a turtle style game play, by building an awe inpsiring base with turrents and force fields. Then plowing down your enemies. Try out the Goo for an agressive guerilla play style by lurking in the shadows till you just overwhelm the enemie with non stop waves of units.I had a few issues with game crashing quite frequenlty and the support team emailed me quickly.In short I should of muddle with it myself before giving it a bad review.  Sorry for that.The game seems to run fine on my SSD not my hardrive.  I dont know why."
,Not Recommended,290790,15248439,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,wroter,"What even is this. Grey Goo? That's the name of your RTS. Your heavily ripped off RTS. At least the title tells you exactly what to imagine when you imagine this game. A shapeless, boring, dull, grey, toneless lump."
76561198024813262,Not Recommended,290790,16859091,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Vue.,Rather slow like the fat kid in school that nobdy wants on their team and if he is picked he ends up as goalie.Not alot of expansion or upgrades in the tech tree unlike the fat kids  waistband which keeps expand and having to be replaced with larger belts.
,Recommended,290790,16509464,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Vikingcat91,"Great Command And Conquer-inspired RTS fun with a modern touch and 3 very unique factions. Definitely recommended, especially in a time where good RTS games are so rare.+ Great art style and cinematics+ Different playstyle for each faction+ Nice graphics / effects (particularly in death animations)+ Very good UI+ Good voice acting+ Varying upgrades allow for tactical versatility.+ Fast-paced gameplay+ The Goo are awesome and unlike any other faction you've ever played+ Epic units are truly epic+ Good tutorials+ Not too complicated to get into+ Lucy is sexyNeutral= It's difficult to find out what the 'right' strategy or use of units is, but this allows for a lot of experimentation= Story is intriguing, but short. Information is sufficient but limited, it (probably intentionally) keeps you guessing.- Campaign is rather short (only 5 missions per faction)- Combat may feel like 'send your ball of death to wipe out everything' / 'create your epic unit and roflstomp everything', (naturally there's more need for actual tactics on harder difficulties or in multiplayer)- Group movement could be more fluent, some tools to form up your troops more fluently would be nice- Aircraft feels comparatively weak and easy to counter compared to ground forces- Telling certain buildings / units apart can sometimes be tricky"
,Recommended,290790,18573869,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,⟁,"I heard some stuff that didn't sound too great when it came out, so I held off on getting it.Beat the campaign recently and am delighted to say that some of the criticism was unfounded(Particularly that about uninspired unit design).I must say, this seems to be Frank Klepacki's best sound track yet. Although the Goo's orchestral dubstep mostly lacks the things I consider the best of both worlds. The Beta and Human tracks, however are by far my favorites yet.This certainly feels like a slower more deliberate game than your starcrafts or C&C titles, and I like that about it. There's still that feeling that certain situations are ""supposed"" to be solved with particular rock-paper-scissors combos, but this game has a nice way of mixing it up with the tech system, allowing some wiggleroom for your favorite units.The Goo as a faction are unlike anything I've ever played in an RTS before, the closest facsimile I can equate are the Heirarchy from Petroglyph's innovative yet ill-fated Universe at War: Earth Assault, but even that doesn't describe it adequately. They aren't such heavy hitters, and rely heavily on hit-and-run tactics to attack effectively.Overall, if you're aching for a new RTS, pick it up, I wouldn't recommend it if you have a personal favorite right now you couldn't go without."
,Not Recommended,290790,18154604,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,DeadAtTheScene,"This game does things really well, and then does other things really bad. I was giving it the benefit of the doubt that it was going to get better but the mission Crash Site is broken, poorly designed, and just not fun. Wasted an hour on this mission because I wanted to complete it and move on and it's impossible to complete. The game gets pacing wrong, difficulty wrong, and doesn't respect the players time. It's too bad because I really wanted to play a new great RTS. If you have the patience, this might be your game."
,Recommended,290790,23431876,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Jaekov,Needs unit tactics and formations. Other than that its pretty good. If you like simplified RTS this is for you. Think Starcraft for kids.
,Not Recommended,290790,22018112,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,gnat,Will change to positive if Linux happens.
,Recommended,290790,22584129,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,WizardVigilante,Great game with distinct factions and playstyle. Doesn't get the credit it deserves and is a welcome return to a genre that's lacking in games these days.
,Recommended,290790,22793905,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Metternich,"it's alright. i wouldn't say it's a GREAT RTS, but it's fun and worth getting when on sale."
76561198024519144,Recommended,290790,14277700,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Mephiston87,"C&C meets starcraft and slap Nano Goo in the middle of it.Brilliantly made game in all respects, everything you expect in a RTS game is here.Think of any point you can make and class it as excelent, but it is held down by a couple of issues.-Lacks variety of tactical units-lacks variety multiplayer maps(theyr adding more shortly)-optimisation is okay, but it could use more(this is being sorted)- needs 3v3 and 4v4 battles, but with its current optimisation it wouldnt run that many units(they are adding 3v3/4v4 soon)everything else about the game is what every RTS player has been waiting for."
,Recommended,290790,14300892,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Fatal-Error,"The only game where you can constantly put your goo all over their faces, and by doing so, get stronger and stronger!"
,Recommended,290790,14270431,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Cronis,One word: Awesome!
,Recommended,290790,14306056,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,CAPT KIDD 1991  -_-,Its an amazing game but we need more maps and a little be bigger. I love it and cant wait for more from them.
76561197964013660,Recommended,290790,14300264,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,=TAC= The Irken Elite,http://www.thecareandfeedingofnerds.com/2015/02/gir-by-gir-grey-goo.html
,Recommended,290790,14306116,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,thatGuy2048,It's goo-d
,Not Recommended,290790,16379711,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Tudhalyas,"Grey Goo is advertised as a classic RTS in the style of Command & Conquer, but unfortunately it isn't so. I have found the gameplay rather shallow and the in-game graphics is not really remarkable at all (a honor mention though goes to the mission introduction cutscenes which are absolutely top-notch). Music is made by the legendary Frank Klepacki and that is definitely another point in favor of this game.Grey Goo isn't a bad game per se but due to its shallowness I cannot recommend it to anyone looking for a classic RTS experience.My vote: 5.5/10"
,Not Recommended,290790,16499316,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,James,pretty ok game but definatly not worth 50 dolars
,Recommended,290790,14292173,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,The Rampaging Tides,"Grey Goo is one of those games that old school RTS fans will love. The multiplayer aspect of this game is simple yet requires planning in order to overcome your enemys. The singleplayer is in itself amazing with the cinimatics and story, I however was unable to play through most of it due to a bug forcing it to crash. hard.Overall a good game, I recommend this game to anyone that loves a good old fashioned RTS game."
,Not Recommended,290790,20109071,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Apocalypse,"Don't know why, I just don't want to play this game anymore after some few missions in campaign.... Starcraft 2 is way more better than grey goo.score: 6/10"
76561198022861240,Recommended,290790,34597324,Posted: 29 August,all,Scorpio_asz,"For a low budget low demanding game...It's very interesting and fun.While the units are nothing special regarding their roles, there is enough base-building variety and decision-making to make it worthwhile.Old-school RTS, nice music, interesting tech upgrades.Though the campaign is a little short and the multiplayer map variety is not great the game rewards aggresiveness and you can always keep the enemy guessing.AI is VERY aggresive and turtling is not a choice most of the time.It's a short game but a welcome addition to a dying genere.Let's hope we see a larger sequel with more techs to reaserch and greater unit variety; perhaps burrowing needs more love besides mines, air and land transports for disembarking, revamped UI, formations. It will ve worth it."
76561198047862282,Recommended,290790,22619088,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,a_dumb_noob2,Good fun RTS but the campaign could be a little longer. Unfortunately it's only 5 missions per faction (excluding the free fourth faction). But that should say something. It can be a good sign when a game's problem is that it's not long enough rather than being boring and full of fluff. So good on Greybox and the rest of the dev team for that! :)
,Recommended,290790,30215042,Posted: 26 February,all,Not Robert Lawlers,I like goo.
,Recommended,290790,29242212,Posted: 14 January,all,Parture,Best game ever!
76561198041000995,Recommended,290790,14189297,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,EternityCorp,"A really decent RTS with an old-school feel.Pros:- Really great contrast between the three different factions, particularly with respect to how their infrastructure and economy work- A reasonable single player campaign, if a little short- Actually made you care about / feel concerned for the welfare of an entity whose only real goal in life is to wipe out all other life (this is actually a pretty difficult feat to achive; it's kinda like making someone feel emotionally connected with the Tyranids or Zerg)- Slick pre-rendered cut scenesCons:- Units for each of the three factions feel fairly similar to one another, sans their skins (though to be honest, I kind of appreciated the similarity as I already had enough to worry about trying to get each race's economy to work for me)"
,Recommended,290790,14275013,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Ravager595,Absolutely recommended for fans of CNC. The focus on general strategy and macro over micromanagement is something the old fans of CNC would definitely love. 10/10 worth the $49.00 I paid for it.
,Recommended,290790,14234751,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,narwhal,"Nearly 30 hours into the multiplayer so far. Grey Goo is an incredible addition to modern RTS, the kind of sloppy a-click gameplay that other RTS games fall victim to is heavily punished by any competent player. Even in casual matches I find tons of new strategies and the game deepens with every match I play. The only downside is the performance and lack of replays, which are huge drawbacks, but if you lower your settings and suck it up you will find much to enjoy - and hopefully with time those issues with dwindle."
,Recommended,290790,14239518,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Eppu,Breddy good
,Recommended,290790,14237952,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Renzeikun,"It's a good game, but god it needs more options in graphics. I can't see crap because for some reason it auto dims my brightness to nearly 0 and there is no way to improve the lighting.Still gameplay-wise it would be definitely in par with most other futuristic RTS out there. but why oh why is it so buggy."
76561197997181047,Recommended,290790,14279277,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Carde,"What can I say, within the first 10 seconds you know two things:It is an RTSIt is petroglyph (westwood blood)The RTS games from westwood where togehter with games like tribes (and tribes 2) the games I grew up with. I love these classic simple RTS games that don't try to be more than what they are and just realize how good the core mechanics of an RTS are without all the stuff added on top. Also unlike Starcraft which I would call more RTT than RTS this game doesn't ask you to monitor each unit with near perfecion to be effective. It hence truly is an RTS that is an RTS and nothing more when you look at the mechanics at the core of the game.But there are these subtile things, the Goo ofcourse being stand out playing unlike anything else and yet they don't deviate to much from the core meaning that they are fun to play, a bit different and bringing in an other dynamic to the game. Looking at the Humans their need for a clever base design and keeping it compact while needing static defence for the base as their mobile units need to defect extractors or be on the asault most of the time. The beta are perhaps the most classic of all the ability to just clunk down a base anywhere gives them great flexibility, but at the same time makes them vuranble to multi front attacks as their static defense relies on units of which you can only have so many.The single player campaing is nice and plays well, though some missions need some tweaking specially one of the later beta missions presses you with attacks right away without you getting a chance to even build some basic force. Sure they can be overcome, but could have been done a bit better I say. The cutscenes and stuff are world class without question the animation and art is just stunning and the humans really edge on uncanny vally almost. Such work really adds vallue to the signle player campain.Overal I would really recomend this game to anyone who likes RTS and specially the ones of yesterday and who think like me that many RTS games from recent times are either to Large and complex or to micro and should be named RTT instead."
76561198011028986,Recommended,290790,28355985,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,tribalspacemonkey,Try this game out if you were/are a fan of old school RTS like Starcraft/Warcraft/Command and Conquer series. Did not encounter any bugs and the campaign storyline was enticing enough to keep you playing. Did not try multiplayer much. But overall 5 stars!
76561198213989708,Not Recommended,290790,14752854,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,todddickens1978,"I really wanted to like this game but, it lacks depth, skirmish maps, and value for the 50 bucks I paid for it. I wish I could return it now and bought something else."
,Recommended,290790,28920486,Posted: 1 January,all,eigilh,"A fast-paced RTS that reminds me of Starcraft 2. This one however is on Steam! There is a debate whether it's fair to compare those two games, so don't take my word for it. You may perhaps compare it to Command and Conquer as well. But not to Total Annihilation, Supreme Commander or Warzone 2100, to mention some favourite RTS from the past. I hope you get the picture.The campaign mode is engaging enough. After almost completing it I went on to play skirmish. It's in this mode (and multiplayer) the game really shines. I recommend new players to take the time to learn the units, watch replays, read tips and watch videos. Like Starcraft 2, you must be quite aggressive from the beginning and attack with low level units while you at the same time build, expand and upgrade your base so you gradually can attack with more advanced units.I think the graphics and the soundtrack is quite awesome. This is professional work all the way."
,Recommended,290790,14181753,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Valco82,A solid RTS game with great graphics so far a very good story line and some very cool big powerful weapons. It's a great mix and an awesome classic RTS it is great to see one done so well I really missed a good RTS game.If you like RTS sytle games you'll love this fresh new GOO!
,Recommended,290790,14183929,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,lordkjellboy,"Does this game fit those who know and love Command & Conquer? Yes, yes it does.What about the rest? I dunno. All I know is that I enjoy this game so much.For the first time in a loooong while can I spend as much time as I need and want to build my base and train/build an army so big even the epic units will be killed in no time. The fact I need to mix and match the army accorcingly makes it even better.Will I recommend this?Does the world live in peace?What am I talking about? Ah, yes, the recommendation: BUY IT! NOW!! Otherwise face the wrath of my mighty Beta army!!!!And lets not forget which legend made the music. Off course: FRANK KLEPACI! Now, stop reading, start buying, and start playing!!"
76561197965125051,Not Recommended,290790,16637136,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Vani,"Am I playing a different game than the top reviews?Human structures have to be linked to the main base via power lines, which cannot go up or down hills. Apparently humanity can travel to distant stars, but haven't mastered a small incline.Mission says to defend my AI Ally. My ally manages to build 4-5 units and half a dozen buildings in 20 minutes, and doesn't even move the units when its structures are attacked.Clicks on the minimap don't register properly, and you can't jump to a specific location easily.The AI, when attacking, will often blindly attack a refinery while all its units get murdered by my defending units.Playing vs Goo? Enjoy wasting half an hour (or more) hunting down Mother Goos as they roam around the map!I bought this for the single player and I'm severely disappointed."
,Recommended,290790,14153123,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Commander Wiggley Biggley™,Grey Goo is an amazing RTS that brings back memories from the good days of Commander and Conquer.  The Faction design is amazing and well polished.10/10Recommended
,Recommended,290790,14194548,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Juan,"Me my self i a HUGE RTS fan and i love how the game do whit finali some original base building like in Red alert 2 and old command and conquer, the multiplayer is also really great and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥i did not expekt this from this game but his♥♥♥♥♥♥is some great♥♥♥♥♥♥xD buy it and play it thatäs all i say ! and ye sry about my spelling :D"
76561198052373372,Not Recommended,290790,19657047,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,mmmpizza,"Be ready for 10 FPS.  What a disappointment, I loved the game at first until more than 50 units were on the screen at any one time.  I mean sure, my system isn't top of the line but it should be enough to make this game PLAYABLE...AMD Phenom II X4 black edition 3.2 GHzGTX 960 2GB OC edition16 GB DDR3 @1333 MHzSSDMy rig runs other more graphically taxing games 6-10x faster than it does Grey Goo.  Sign of the times in the industry, rush out a game without optimizing the code to ensure a playable frame rate.Glad I only spent $20 on this mess.  Wait for them to fix it guys, it's just not worth buying at any price in this state.  There are many posts on their official forums complaining of frame rate issues as well.  Also, dropping graphical setting made virtually no difference, as others have also noticed."
76561198099621610,Recommended,290790,22928325,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,paulspelt,"Generally, a great addition to the RTS genre. I love base building RTS games, and this one brings back some aspects of the classics. The Beta's walls were a huge draw for me since I love defensive style and miss the walls of Age of Empires. The Beta and Humans are fairly typical races and not much different from what you'd see in Starcraft. The Goo are unique in their mobility.*Tip* There are only 16 levels in the main campaign. Do them on hard the first time around and you'll get your play time out of them.The main downside of this game is the lack of player base for multiplayer. I'll keep waiting in queues for now, but when they're 10+min long it gets too much. Aside from this fact, it's a beautiful game and a great addition for any RTS lover."
,Recommended,290790,14195909,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,GayBob Fagpants,"Really good game, takes me back to C&C day :D (btw thats really hard)"
,Recommended,290790,23153962,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,99 Patience,"Only thing I dont like about this game, is that human on some maps get trapped in the corner :P. GG THO, unless they changed those maps but probably not. heh"
76561198006523642,Recommended,290790,24231957,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Wolf 359,"Bought this on sale and feel its worth a look for anyone looking for a si-fi themed RTS.I've only played a few hours single player but can say it's very easy to pick up and has a nice variety ofmission types, a good setting and some excellent units. A fair alternative to Starcraft without all the extra Blizzard Baggage."
,Recommended,290790,15013266,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,hÉisc,"Let's keep it short.Great gameplay, astoundingly good graphics, cool soundtrack, good macro-controlled gameplay.HoweverSome performance issues, not too bad though. Not really that addictive in my opinion.Is it good?Absolutely!Is it fun?Totally!Graphically superior to other RTS?In every way it seems!Is it worth the $50 price tag?Absolutely not. It's fun, and I would be pretty comfortable paying 20-30 dollars for a game like this. But 50? No.If I were you, I would wait for the price drop that's bound to happen soon. But as soon as that price drop does happen, or if you are really,reallyinto games such as C&C, definitely give this game a shot!"
76561197970057929,Recommended,290790,14181399,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Rune,"Goo Goo'd my goo, so I goo'd the goo with goo.10/10 would goo again."
76561198107322630,Recommended,290790,21050104,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Azzo,So after fixing the issue myself and tried it out it seems a pretty legit RTS game just hope it keeps getting better from there and not having the devs abandoning it as I will continue to support this awesome game!
,Not Recommended,290790,16425481,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Keeperofthe7keys,"It has been too long since we've seen a good triple A RTS, I had hopes that this would be one.Unfortunately it is in every way an inferior Starcraft clone. Simplistic resource system, poor map design, no strategic zoom, simplistic unit design, poor map clearity, unable to make build ques, experimental units unkillable by normal units.I just can't say anything good about this game, our wait for the successor to Supreme Commander continues."
,Not Recommended,290790,14712165,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,CUBE²,Poor optimization and not worth £30.
,Recommended,290790,14196420,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Treygone Martin,"The Goo faction isn't as entertaining as I had hoped it would be and other than that I feel that the same type and style of RTS has been done before and better in Supreme Commander 2 (and likely other RTS games I have not played).  Grey Goo certainly isn't a bad game, it's a good game and I'd give it a seven out of ten, but at $50, or even at any price, it can't stand up to some of the competition.+Great music+Good graphics+Enjoyable story+Great user interface-Bland skill tree-Poor unit and building quantity-Playing against the Goo is bothersome and tiring-Average to poor performanceI'm still going to recommend the game, because I think it would be unfair to not recommend something that is overall a pretty good game, but I'd further recommend you to wait for a price cut or sale, or to look at some of the competition.  I feel that even Universe at War (Same dev) is a better game even without taking account the vast difference in price."
76561198059789200,Not Recommended,290790,17819325,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,adoniscornwell,"it seems cool at first, but the campaign is either super easy or super impossible, unless you set it on easy but then it is super easy?!?  and the grey goo race is to limited and slow, however it seems to dominate the game play."
,Not Recommended,290790,18733154,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Danny,"if you liked starcraft sure get it, if you liked C&C - stay away."
,Not Recommended,290790,20333640,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Whanny,"I thought I was missing something by not being able to build down ramps as humans. Turns out you can't, so base expansion for humans is impossible if you are on a hill :S"
76561198041885567,Not Recommended,290790,20714343,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Russiansubcommander,"Mixed Feelings about this game...- Good things:Graphics, Soryline Idea, Unit differences, General Gameplay.- Bad things:AI is daft when it comes to selective targeting...You tell a ground unit to attack a enemy intruder and theirs a building closer than the enemy, it will go for the closest building first! You tell a group of ground units to tactically target one turret, they will go for anything in that general area near the target.""a balanced combat system with an emphasis on large-scale decision-making"" = Zerg rush"
76561198003922696,Recommended,290790,16405856,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Beans,"Extremely pleased by this. Fluid and interesting mechanics, and a good campaign. From what I gather, it used to have big issues with playerbase and maybe some functionality issues or bugs, but that all seems to be cleared up now. Best new RTS i've played since DOW1."
,Recommended,290790,14482380,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Swampy,"A great, solid strategy game! Three indivdual factions that are all fantastic and great to play! 10/10 a must buy!"
76561198105635357,Recommended,290790,14286280,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Sunny,"Thinkf if Starcraft and Command and Conquer had a baby, this would be the son of the two. A few things are a bit glitchy such as human power lines going under hills and earth, but this game is really well done, i love every aspect this game has given me."
76561197971429897,Recommended,290790,14290669,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Coldfang,"If anyone is thinking about picking up Grey Goo, do it! It has many of the great aspects of RTS's past and present. Currently besides Blizzard games, Grey Goo represent the best this genre has to offer. A compelling story line, Interesting and varied characters, and get this...A Language barrier within the game. Ever wonder why all aliens always speak English in games today? Not in Grey Goo. Small features such as the language barrier really make the game stand apart of other titles.This game does not require excess competitiveness from the player, nor micro second reaction times. Just a keen interest in Science Fiction, and a yearning for great game.All three races distinctly stand apart from each other, from resource management, base construction and even units. While there are some very minor issues with balance, they are sure to be fixed and patched. Grey Goo is a game meant to be enjoyed and savored, not a mad rush to the end to win.A little about me in terms of previous games I've played to make the above statements validated.Starcraft SeriesWarcraft SeriesAge of Empires SeriesRise of NationsStronghold SeriesSins of a Solar Empire SeriesBlack and White SeriesDungeon Keeper SeriesCommand and Conquer SeriesSupreme Commander SeriesBattle RealmsDuneThe Settlers SeriesMajesty SeriesEmpire EarthAge of MythologyEvil GeniusWarhammer 40k Dawn of War SeriesAnno 2070Planetary Annihilation"
76561198035913952,Recommended,290790,14297148,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,danikpro,Super game 17 hours in row to finish it! waiting for sequel!!!!
,Not Recommended,290790,16754827,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Skeletor,"It's ok, The races are sometimes unique, sometimes not. But i was expecting a grand strat game like starcraft, i was somewhat disappointed."
76561197994024285,Recommended,290790,15972832,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Wraithbored,"Well this game was pleasant surprise! The factions are interesting and diverse, the story is good, and most units actually do what they're supposed to do! The only thing that's bad...Grey Goo? Seriously? the name is just ugh. I do hope more content comes out for it! 7,5/10"
76561198075611133,Not Recommended,290790,16777317,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Qsar,"I must say i really tried to love this game but, nope, just want new cc series !!"
,Recommended,290790,14269399,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Diablowe,Good stuff.
76561198072044943,Not Recommended,290790,14230842,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Wendek,"Edit : I'm changing this (and rewriting most parts) to ""Not recommended except if it goes on at least a 50% sale"" because the value of this game is rapidly deteriorating and it doesn't look like it's going to go up soon.TL;DR4/10 if I had to give a rating, bumped to 5.5/10 because there's no real concurrence these days and we don't have enough good sci-fi RTS games, so this can pass as acceptable in these circumstances.A mediocre game that could have been good or even great.It begins really nicely with an extremely well-done and impressive intro cinematic, and in fact ""cinematic"" really describes the single-player campaign as a whole. A huge effort has been made here to create a compelling story, with every mission ending with a cut-scene and some of them beginning with one as well. Voice acting during said cutscenes is excellent, and unit voice acting is also pretty decent - you don't hear the same lines every two seconds when giving orders, so that's nice -. On the topic of voices, they actually hired someone to invent a new language for the Beta aliens, and they use it! I can appreciate a company going the extra mile for this kind of thing, even if said aliens switch to English when you're playing them. I'd honestly have liked it more if their whole campaign was subtitled instead, but that's my personal opinion. Soundtrack is also pretty nice and varied.Now, I have two main issues with the single-player campaign. The first one is that it's pretty short : 3*5 missions isn't much, even if some are challenging enough even on Normal difficulty. The first two missions of a faction are usually some kind of tutorial, so really you get three full-length missions per faction. But when you see the amount of extra work they did for every one of said missions, it' can almost be acceptable. However, they're also quite badly designed as far as actual gameplay is concerned, and that's more problematic. Almost every single mission follows the exact same pattern of : start with very few units and buildings while enemy is already fully developped, rush some early units for defense to repel the constant assaults, then start building a huge army and crush your enemy without encountering much resistance. Objectives aren't particularly varied, they're of the ""Destroy every enemy"" variety almost all the time with generally one different mission per faction (i.e. the Beta campaign has the only actual siege defense mission). The designers also seem toreallylike the concept of magically spawning enemy units, which I've always found terrible in RTS games and a proof of designers being unable to create actual difficulty. It's frustrating to face, but it also limits player creativity because you cannot try a bold assault to try and destroy some of the enemy facilities to relieve your main base from the constant assaults for instance. Even worse, sometimes the ""magical unit"" is anepic unit, which is extremely powerful and is supposed to take 5 whole minutes and a lot of ressources to build. Sometimes the epic enemy unit will spawn even if you've already beaten the player it supposedly belongs to, which is completely stupid.This is sad, because obviously the developer put a lot of work into this campaign... so I have to wonder why they didn't spend a little more resource on the actual design of the missions. It's all in the ""exterior"" of the campaign, but the meat of it is actually pretty bland and not that interesting once you get to it.More on the gameplay : the factions have a very distinct look&feel especially as bases are concerned (or lack of base, for the Goo) so that's very good. However, a LOT of units are extremely similar in every faction, especially ground units (the Goo does not have aerial units, so there's more diversity there). Light tanks are very similar, artillery that fires from long range, etc. Obviously there's going to be some staples, but since units do NOT have any special ability whatsoever (except passive ones, like ""attack applies a debuff"") armies tend to follow a similar composition all the time. Compare to a game like Earth 2160 (which I'm going to use as example because it's similar on several points, including the aliens with a very distinct playstyle.) where the LC clearly has more manoeuverable units and some very unique weapons (like the electric cannon), but paper-thin units.As far as multiplayer is concerned, the first thing you'll notice is that it's dead, with players sometimes waiting up to 20 minutes for a game that has a high chance of being over after your opponent used a cheese strategy. Most people have already abandoned the game at this point due to a combination of imbalance, lags and disconnects (including people abusing disconnects to avoid a loss, and somehow this still isn't patched as of 7th March) as well as performance issues for many people. Also there's neither replay nor observer mode, shocking for a game that pretends to cater to the e-sport crowd. The new balance patch is also terrible with devs using a sledgehammer to destroy half the units instead of trying to carefully balance the game, nerfs everywhere that will make some units and buildings close to unusable (i.e. teleporter). The rarely-used Humans somehow took most of the nerfs for some weird reason.Skirmishes are terrible and their main ""redeeming"" quality is that unlike in many other games, the AI does not cheat by getting free resources or building its units twice as fast. That's good because it means less frustration/unfairness, but on the other hand it also means that skirmishes are ridiculously easy even on Hard, especially in a 1v1 setting. We're very far from C&C 3's Brutal AI for instance, that took me many tries to beat. The only other correct point is that ""Free for all"" is actually implemented correctly, so AIs will not implicitly team up against the player.All of this is just negated by the fact that the skirmish AI sucks terribly and does not pose any challenge whatsoever, no matter the ""personality"" that you choose for it. In fact, that's why the AI gets tons of free units in the campaigns : because the AI is way too bad to be a threat if it doesn't start with a full base and 10 extractors. This means that there's really no point in playing the skirmish, not as a ""preparation"" for the multiplayer (which will probably be completely dead soon anyway) and not as a fun game itself. Compare to Stronghold Crusader that also had AIs with different ""personalities"", but they were actually a challenge. And this game was released more than ten years ago, and was also arguably more complex. There's no reason for such a simple RTS (compared to most of its concurrents) to have such a terrible AI.In fact, the skirmish mode is so boring and uninteresting that the achievement page listsliterally 0%of people as having the ""Win 100 skirmishes"" achievement. No.One. I'm pretty sure back in the days I won way more than 100 skirmishes in C&C Generals for instance, but this game also had better AI, more unit diversity and also much more map diversity.Overall it's still a somewhat enjoyable game but waaaaaaay overpriced for what it is. If you really like RTSes like I do and are starved for a new game it can be sort of worth buying, but it's still not worth its price and even at 50% the content is light compared to many other games. However it's admittedly a relatively well-polished title : I haven't found asinglebug and the game runs fluidly on max settings. (I do have a brand new computer though, and quite a lot of people have had performance issues)This game is not worth its price, the single-player content is weaker than in a lot of games (which are usually much cheaper), lack of replays, observer modes and bad balance means that multiplayer is also going down the drain so if that's your main reason to buy a RTS, you're out of luck with this title."
76561198013195192,Recommended,290790,14506705,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,HolyFox,units are too specific - specific units against specific unit is annoying -  need general fighting (not wussy)  and anti-air units that dont get mowed down in 3 seconds..  fast moving is good but overall - SC2 is better.
76561198177846325,Not Recommended,290790,19000345,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,jcyoung94,Meh.
,Recommended,290790,19179342,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,JaK1up,Good Game...........
76561198063144961,Not Recommended,290790,16904223,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,16bit Hooligan,"The developers have put a lot of work into the campaign and the graphics, voice actors, and concept is really interesting. That being said, the mechanics are what you'd expect from a 90's RTS.  I always enjoyed playing Red Alert and Warcraft so I thought it would be great change of pace from some of the faster paced modern ones, turns out not really. I tried to like the game, played a couple campaign missions and a skirmish. Within the two hours I had it, it really felt like I understood all that the game had to offer."
,Recommended,290790,14290387,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Hopeless Gamer,"A good RTS game, challenging in places"
,Not Recommended,290790,31323098,Posted: 23 April,all,Starforged,"This just does not stack up well against Starcraft 2.Unfortunately the campaign is no fun, at least in my opinion."
76561198018495932,Recommended,290790,18466204,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,barfing_dog,Loved it and hope for a sequel or full expansion (the ending is a bit of a cliffhanger.)
,Not Recommended,290790,16474173,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Mike06,"On scale of 1 to 5  this game is 2.5 just below avarage. I regret buying this. Game is nowhere near the quality of the ads and trailers.Yet Another RTS, the graphics are crappy all the units are exxatrated and and oversized even small groups of units are mush of the the screen.Even the humanoid soldiers are size of house. they are 2/3 of the height of the ""tower"" ans same height as the wall. The perspective in done wrong. Really hard to distiquich the height differences and landscape. Everyting is so oversized the is obsructs the view and selection.The terrain really limiting and everything feels so clumsy. Game feels like you tryitng to build Lego death star with oven mittens on and using Dublo blocks.On up note the goo is a good and innovative idea as opponent. Playing the campaing I have yout to see its implamentation and do it actually add anything to this worn out genre. When you compare this to Supreme Comander - which is the benchmark of this genre, this game falls short in every area, except for cut scenes, it seem most of the gmes budget was used making the videos."
76561198097871133,Not Recommended,290790,16486770,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Templar,"Bought the game and it got boring in 1 night,There arent a lot of units and buildings and it feels like Halo wars with a tad bigger army cap.Thank god for refunds."
,Not Recommended,290790,21401437,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,ZerusVirus,1. Absolutely stupid AI. Somebody attacks you? Just stay and do nothing if enemy is out of your vision/fire range.2. User-friendly interface? Never heard about it. Unbelievable amount of buttons and menus for everything.3. Strategy/tactics/balance? Light units are totally useless. Walls are totally useless if you don't build over9000 rows of walls. Just build heavy units and right-click to win (campaign).
76561198031389176,Recommended,290790,28884458,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ragnarok,I enjoy this game quite a bit! It reminds me of the older RTS games like Comand and Conquer. You don't need to click 2000 times per minute as in StarCraft and several other new RTS games. The three races are vastly different and fairly original in function. It is just fun to play!
,Recommended,290790,28962740,Posted: 2 January,all,topya_creature,"This is a great game. It is a new and maybe not improved version of starcraft, but it is a really fun game and worth my money."
76561198070129236,Recommended,290790,28910745,Posted: 1 January,all,Sgt Murkaho,"Absolutely loved the game itself. Great graphics, story and gameplay. Only problem I had is when I got to a certain mission the game would crash. Don't let that dissuade you from buying it though as I'm gonna give it another go since it's on sale."
,Recommended,290790,22512659,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,ChaosInfest,"Interesting RTS. Though a bit slow-paced and some of the units lack a bit of character, The gameplay is still excellent and the campaign features a collection of excellent levels and frankly beautiful cutscenes."
76561198006643348,Recommended,290790,29343602,Posted: 18 January,all,conley1126,"I really love petroglyph.  They had a game awhile ago back called World At War I believe.  It was new, innovative, and ultimatly a love letter to any RTS player.That game is dead now, but we hav e Goo.  Its really, really a SOLD♥♥♥♥♥RTS!  The factions are different, the graphics are great, the hotkeys are easy to learn.  Its also a little slowed down, I'm sure APM helps but its not the end all.  You have to think about What your going to build more than How your going to use it.  Which for me, is exactly what i want. ( a la total annihlation)I <3 you petroglyph.  You do rts so good.  II know everyone is thinking but what about starcraft?  I like SC2, its a fine game.  But is SC2. the same damn thing.   This game is not SC2.  Its better.  Its better if you love RTS, base building, resource mgmt, STRATEGY.If you love true RTS (Command and Conq, Total Anhil, Supreme comander, AOE, etc you owe it to yourself to add this fantistic gamne to your collection.Oh and the campain is stellar too.  I dont even want to get into it.  Its great though, teaches you the game, AI is decent, bla bla.TLDR You like RTS?  Buy this game!"
,Recommended,290790,14166780,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,XenoLocke,Great return of the classic RTS formula. If you enjoy games like C&C and Starcraft you owe it to yourself to get this game!  Support this game so we can get more RTS games!!
,Recommended,290790,14167430,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Trien,"Great game! Very unique factions, different gameplay for each and thankfully it's a slower paced RTS. I'm so glad to have one that is slower more methodical."
,Recommended,290790,17838724,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,dubliz,"Pros:+ Old-school RTS feeling+ 4 unique factions with distinctive gameplay (even though factions in UAW were a little bit more interesting). But Shroud faction is really interesting addition!+ Good story with beautiful cinematics between missions+ Great graphics+ Amazing soundtrack by Klepacki+ Constant updates (+ free DLC with full faction? That is something amazing)+ Cool epic unitsCons:- Game is now pretty well optimized, but I do get some weird 1-2 seconds ""stuttering"" from time to time- Maximum of 4 players in a match (I really want some 8 player FFA action)- Units design is still not great (even though they improved it by adding some more interesting units to existing factions with the latest free ""Shroud"" DLC and Shroud faction also has some interesting unit designs)------------------------------------Overall I can say that I really enjoyed this game. Campaign and skirmish is great and fun to play. I tried some multiplayer before, but now player number is really low and they probably need to do another free weekend or something. But ""Definitive"" version is a great buy even for a full price which was lowered a lot (all content for 28 euros). Now I really recommend this! Great job, Petroglyph and Grey box!"
,Recommended,290790,14179877,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,CromWelp,"♥♥♥♥♥name, great game."
,Recommended,290790,14162459,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Emperor's Will,"I never had the feeling of accomplsihing so much than finishing mission 5 of the Beta.This game is litterally the embodiment of RTS that returns after the dark ages of just total war or civilization pretty much.Here you are defending your base against countless enemies like insanely countless enemies attacking you and somehow you need to survive and beat them?, for a moment i was thinking this was might be a bug ive been repeating it for atleast 5 times and i always end up getting defeated.This was a Challenge.This Game is Challenging me as A gamer that i can never beat it, after several trys, several hours, with no help from any walkthrough or cheating(trust me i tried as far as  i know nobody has made a cheat for this game yet or no one has discovered it),I DEFEATED THE FREAKING GOO WITH USING NOT 1 NOT 2 BUT 3 HAND OF RUK!!!! AND I WON haha..In any case this game is a challenge and i recommend it especially if your a big fan of RTS."
,Not Recommended,290790,14977911,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,El Tuxo,"This game is great fun and the story alone is almost worth the price alone, but PVP is a bit unbalanced for my taste...Still needs Linux & Mac version. Not to mention better optimization! :DDLC:*It is bugged and broken I demand a fix!!!"
76561198143207944,Recommended,290790,32402845,Posted: 13 June,all,Nickelsniff,its a shame more people dont play this :(
76561198055600073,Recommended,290790,20108270,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,SentientTuna,"It's fun. If there was a nuetral button my vote would be there because it is somewhat complicated and the gamplay feels generic. It is still good though, I don't know if it is worth as much as the devs ask for though."
,Recommended,290790,18561745,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Mr. Turtle The Wall Builder,"I enjoy this game, if you like Starcraft/C&C style gameplay (with a 200 unit cap, my only grivence) then you will enjoy this game as well. It's demanding graphically, but my pooder (what I named my computer :3) can handle it pretty well so that isn't an issue for me. You have three factions; Humans, Betas (no not the gentle neckbeard), and The Goo.I haven't completed the campaign, from what I gather the multiplayer exists I don't know if I will never try it but playing against the AI in the skrimish mode can still be challenging. Oh yeah and the game has a map editor and people share their maps convinently through the workshop. I should make a map where battle over various genitle shaped landscapes. :DMy favorite faction is the Goo, I cover my enemies in it and it leaves them very confused and emotionally devistated.Well this is about the gist of this game for me, I picked it up for 20.00 on sale. I was skeptical buying it at 40ish with the sordid ratings (ratings I don't think this game really deserves). Is it worth 40?  Maybe, but I think it's worth about 25-30 so at 20.00 it's a value for me.Welp, there's the review did you find it helpful? I don't care because this review isn't important, now go hug your friends and family because they're what's important. Do we matter? No we don't, but the magic of being (somewhat) sentient organisms is that we can decide what does and does not matter. We're the universe touching itself. :)"
,Recommended,290790,32204752,Posted: 5 June,all,Angron the Frosty,LOOOOOOOOOOOOVE THIS GAME
76561197965284710,Recommended,290790,32205797,Posted: 5 June,all,Pazzer,Nice good old school.
76561197971616022,Not Recommended,290790,14166886,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Michael,"Okay game, but don't really see this can replace the game fun from old CC ..."
,Not Recommended,290790,14443879,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,My name is not important,"Ehhh.... I get it that the main selling point is the goo faction, but in itself it's so boring.Yeah, you split your mother goo through mitosis after you've gained enough size, yeah, you split pieces and make units out of that, yeah it goes though cliffs in a fluid way.But it's just so damn underwhelming in the end.I keep circling around the same description... ""It's like command and conquer crashed into total annihilation""The freaking campaign... Freakin' a'. Tutorial mission, 3 missions and swap faction. I'm seriously hope there's a twist at the end of the goo campaign where we go to a different planet or something, 'cause if I'm 2 missions away from the end of the game, then this ride has simply not been worth release price.Predicrable, too... Tutorial, intro to heavy units, intro to specialized units, intro to ultimate units.I'm sorry, but I've played indie games that were leaps more interesting than this and costed about half. Not worth the full price.Final counterpoint.It bugs me how much the Beta remind me of Na'Vi. Just dropping that in there.Now, the one thing I liked is that it's easy to produce buildings and units. Using QWERT to navigate through the construction menus."
,Not Recommended,290790,14704544,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,TheAdaro,Terrible game. Would like a refund but we all know that Steam are a bunch of useless ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and never do such things.It's about time Steam did demo's on brand new games instead of ripping off customers by over charging for♥♥♥♥♥♥games like this crap.
,Not Recommended,290790,14762660,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Holy Sock,"Not worth it for the single playerI used to play the Westwood C&C games back in the day and loved them. It's clear the campaign here was tacked on as a tutorial only, very short, one mission per unit type with no interesting design (or humour). Two of the factions are practically the same, the Goo sounds fun on paper but in reality is a slow, tedious exercise in micromanagement.Maybe it works for a less intensive multiplayer experience than, say, Starcraft 2, I wouldn't know, it doesn't seem many people are playing multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,290790,16443713,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Hawke,"I picked this up during the summer steam sale and while it does have some nice qualities, overall I feel it is lacking in depth, expected RTS features, and overall seems a bit risk averse to give it staying power. I did have some fun going through some matches, but ultimately don't anticipate this will remain in my library for long. Specifics thoughts:-Nice keyboard shortcut scheme. You select the building or unit type with QWER+ and then it brings up a new set of choices, again QWER+ and then a final menu. So, if you need a certain unit you very quickly realize you can do EQQ or whatever... but, the game does lack some expected commands. Can't pause at any point or change the game speed, no select all units, couldn't figure out how to bring up FPS, etc.-Has a neat cover system where you can hide in a forest and fire from it w/o being targeted... but, there's few areas on the maps and they are too large. They should've been more liberal with the placement of cover and included some smaller one-unit areas. Some other games I can recall have done this maybe a bit better.-The two human/alien races are a bit too similar. Props to them for making the Goo race work very differently, though. I feel they put all their risk in this one race and played the rest of the game too conservatively.-The units within those races are a bit too similar. For example, it's very obvious in a game like StarCraft how a marine, siege tank, and hellion are different. No questions about strengths and even confusing unit types. In this game, the units tend to run together once in a category. There are a few exceptions, air units and artillery are definitely different, but I found the units overall a bit bland.-The tech is pretty cool. You have 4 tech choices each with 3 options. Once you commit to an option within those choices (eg, Tech granting Anti-Air unit ground attacks as well) you can't pick the other 2. Was easy enough to manage from the interface and understand what each bonus was. I tended to pick the same bonuses game to game, unsure if that was play style or simply balance problems but would have to play more to know for sure.-Framerate / slowdowns - Toward the end of a longer game, the game 'stutters' while trying to compensate for what I think is low framerates (can't pull it up to determine, though). Could be network? Hard to say what it was, but I've got a solid connection and a solid i7 w/ GTX 960 and graphics actually mostly turned down.-Building placement all have to be part of your initial set of root structures (either your HQ or hubs if you're playing Beta). They went for a smaller singular base as a game decision, okay that works. However, it is not elegantly done. Some of the ways attachments work early on (you have to attach a Tank module to a factory to allow you to build tanks) make it easy for new players to make mistakes and build useless modules. In addition, it was a bit buggy when selling structures, I'd sometimes cut power off to half my base. Okay, that's a feature, let me rebuild it to connect power again. Nope. Guess it is a bug, but ran into a few times where visually I should have power but half my buildings wouldn't.All in all, for a 60% off steam sale this reminded me of the heyday of RTS fifteen years ago where I'd pick up a new game in the summer and nine out of ten times would see it fall flat, just as this one has."
76561198027106566,Not Recommended,290790,16619302,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Skrumpcious,Was extremely excited for this game when I first heard about it and it was still pretty damned fun the first time I fired it up.I decided to go in and play a 2v2 skirmish match (me + 1 a.i. vs. 2 a.i.) and my game got to a point where it was unplayable. The game would constantly lag for 10 seconds at a time every 5 seconds so I was sitting there watching my units stand idly more than I was actually playing. It wasn't a framerate issue as all the units were still doing their idle animations. My computer can run any game currently in the market at the highest quality without any issues yet this game starts to lag with a simple 2v2.
,Not Recommended,290790,16621404,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Konrad,"Lacks dephth, unbalanced. The GUI and graphics are well made and feel finished, but the gameplay and game balance feels like someone had some good ideas that we left unfinished"
,Not Recommended,290790,16682904,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,SheepJust,"I thought this would be like Pandora, C&C or DoW. Nope, this game is not about bases or building or complex economy it's all rush. Build troops and rush each other fast, before you realise the game's content is only ankle deep.I wish I hadn't brough it."
76561198008054246,Not Recommended,290790,16746223,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Coronado,This game is a classic RTS but it is not dynamic at all. There is no interesting level design and all the units are very bland and have single uses. This game has the closest relations to the Red Alert Series but it lacks any dynamic unit design or level design. I play the game and simply feel bored.
,Not Recommended,290790,17716346,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,O Fark,Meh
76561198125576348,Recommended,290790,16430477,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Vorade,good
76561198108252909,Recommended,290790,16932532,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Oobi,pretty much like a newer version of Halo Wars for PC.Has a great story with beautiful animations. 10/10
76561198045466038,Recommended,290790,14458408,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,wteulon,Great game. Look forward to Gray Goo 2.
,Not Recommended,290790,14644498,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Soulforged,"Nope, something is missing.....avoid."
,Recommended,290790,24253613,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Most10Wanted,Very awesome RTS game. :D
76561198009062348,Recommended,290790,24801687,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,NecronGod,I love the campaign but wish it would be finished already. The story just ends and more units are needed. Maybe even split the factions like C&C did evenually.
76561198075651803,Recommended,290790,24944892,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Necroniser,"Pros: Plays similar to the RTS of the olden days, where someone could wipe the floor with you if they set their mind to it and you had a mistake in your defense.Cons: AI does set its mind to it and it will find that mistake in your defense. Ai is far too powerful usually. And the maps dont give enough room in starting areas to build necessary buildings.Other than that, the game plays very nice and looks nice.7.5/10"
,Recommended,290790,25073891,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Jeckyll'n'Hyde,"Solid RTS harking back to the classic days of the genre, but with enough originality to give it some legs in the modern world. I loved the cut-scene driven story, even if it wasn't live-action (I miss Westwood Studios). It's a shame it was never more popular than what it was."
76561198178320362,Recommended,290790,24125060,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,emoticon,I started playing this game when it was first released.  It says a lot that I still have it installed just to have it ready when the developers drop more storyline content because I enjoy playing it that much.
,Recommended,290790,24956350,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,ztranger,"I have to say I didn't expect much but it's really good. The 3 races have different base building, especially the goo is nothing like any other race I've played in any strategy game, really refreshing. The single player campaign with nicely rendered briefings is one of the better I've played, cleary it's a high budget title."
,Recommended,290790,23137717,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Buzz,"I initially installed, played this, got bored and then uninstalled it.  For some reason I then decided to try again.  Wow, am I glad I did.  I don't know what I missed the first time but this time I was addicted.  It's a great game that harks back to the classic C&C games.  It lacks some of the more recent RTS aspects, such as unit levelling, but if you long for a classic experience then this is certainly worth your time and money."
76561197979983416,Recommended,290790,24804078,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,dying of lag!,just buy this game its very cool in looks and game play.very cool story but for a rts takes sum getting used to but its lots of fun!
76561197964702130,Recommended,290790,29332831,Posted: 18 January,all,Comm,"The game felt a bit rushed. Seemed like there wasn't a great intro to each race and a full yet gradual understanding of thier abilities. This would be a harder RTS to get into than many others if you didn't have previous RTS experience. Really seemed like each race needed their own full story. I loved the little unexpected part to the story but I think the campaign needed to be about 3 times the size to get a good feel and connect with each race.  Seemed like all 3 races were smashed into a campaign designed for one.Still, really enjoyed the concept, enjoyed the somewhat unique play style of the goo."
76561198299715135,Recommended,290790,31377749,Posted: 26 April,all,Haddies97,Awesome just wish their was more content
,Not Recommended,290790,33566343,Posted: 15 July,all,Nerd Kaiser,"Grey Goo is something of a throwback to RTS games of the past like Starcraft or Command & Conquer, and while it tries (and mostly succeeds) at blending elements from those games together with some interesting new concepts, the game ultimately comes across as slightly underdeveloped. It’s obvious that its developers really wanted elements like the game’s story to succeed, but as much as the narrative strives for being compelling, it often feels disjointed, chopped-up, and rushed instead to such a degree that portions of dialogue seem like they were placeholder text that nobody went back and edited before being recorded by a voice actor. The single player campaign starts off strong as far as game play goes, but many missions have unclear objectives and require a lot of restarts. Grey Goo often punishes the player for any sort of indecision or attempts to deviate from a strategy the mission designers intended (but did not always explicitly convey). This is extremely frustrating and, frankly, the reason why I quit playing just shy of completing the campaign.Overall, I don’t regret purchasing Grey Goo, but I can’t recommend it either. You could certainly do a lot worse on an impulse purchase or sale, but with so many excellent games being released every year, you’re better off choosing one that’s more respectful of your time.Positives:- Nice graphics- Solid, energetic soundtrack- ""talking heads"" campaign mission briefings are reminiscent of the original Starcraft- Unique game play of the Goo factionNegatives:- Most Human and Beta units lack personality and smaller ones tend to lack visual distinction- RTS games shouldn’t require a web search to figure out a campaign mission objective or how to build/upgrade/repair a unit.- Way too many campaign missions will require you to restart due to unforeseeable scripted events.- Goo faction becomes a chore to micromanage as a battle progresses."
76561198020355165,Recommended,290790,29016484,Posted: 4 January,all,QuotableRaven,"This is a very fun and engaging strategy game once you get it running - I had some issues with it interacting poorly with windows firewall, It was only being allowed partially through. I'm about 2/3 of the way through the main storyline now, and I like the way the different campaigns are linked together. The cinematics and graphics in the game are great, and it looks beautiful."
,Recommended,290790,29733331,Posted: 5 February,all,Royce Bracket,"Absolutely fantastic game!A perfect Spiritual sucessor to C@C, without the cheese.10/10 would be eaten by robots again."
76561198087024883,Recommended,290790,18135301,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,N-}-Mecha,Reminds me of the good ol C&C days7.5/10
76561198068564966,Recommended,290790,28692553,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,SaintsFlow,nice game
,Recommended,290790,28703601,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TheSlyFawkes,"Fast and fun RTS, reminds me of the Total Annihilation games mixed with C&C"
76561198003065296,Recommended,290790,19103323,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,ussendeavor,Fun game. Wish there were more like it and hope a sequel comes soon.
,Not Recommended,290790,19110817,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,RobotDCLXVI,"I would love to reccommend this game becasue it is very fun... when it works. In the last 2 hours I have had the game straight up crash 4 times. Unacceptable.For those of you willing to brave not being able to finish a game, know that this is RTS light. Starcraft it is not, it is the spiritual successor to Universe at War, for those of you who remember that.I will come back to this and possibly reccomend it becasue I did not have this problem earlier, but I have made no hardware changes, however the game was updated, so I suspect that is the problem. As for now, it is uninstalled becasue I can't even watch a 10 minute replay without a to desktop crash. Oh well, time to play more Starcraft."
76561198118496636,Recommended,290790,19148106,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Jam Spudling,"I have only one problem with this game.... a total lack of time to play it. My 2 hours or so has been wonderful. Grey Goo has been a modernisation of an old RTS style. I'll be honest and say I would prefer the infantry units be displayed as squads rather than single units like C&C3 or Halo Wars but that is something or nothing.  I cant grasp why it recieved mixed views, the goo faction could be labled as overpowered but I felt it was like fighting the Scrin or the Black Hand on Kanes Wrath. I recommend this game totally"
76561198007374344,Recommended,290790,22061950,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,dragonbloodthirsty,"I think it is a solid RTS title, and it feels a little like the old Command and Conquer games when I'm playing it.  I enjoyed the campaign, but didn't play multiplayer."
76561198039959401,Recommended,290790,29138322,Posted: 9 January,all,Juiceboxhn,Love the game but mods should totally be made for this like Global Abilities or more units
76561198063106921,Recommended,290790,29247144,Posted: 14 January,all,Fire Hellion,Grey Goo is really a classic RTS but that is it.The good+ The campaign is fun and really needs strategies in it.+ Each factions has their playstyle and the developers managed to balance it.+ The visual is beautiful+ However made the design for the units should get a promotion+ Everything you love in a classic RTS is here.The bad- The units has no active abilities so it makes things a little bit stale- The Epic units are the game changers. I think many people will try to go use the Epic first to win.- Musics could be better. It doesn't have that pumping feeling. It's all classic. It's not bad but it's out of place in some cases.Classic RTS is getting stale due to MOBA genre which is getting stale due to the likes of Overwatch. It needs something innovative in terms of gameplay to rise from their coma.
,Recommended,290790,14340570,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,FaceBiscuits,Oh how long I have waited for a real RTS to surface again.
76561198034987275,Recommended,290790,14347575,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Chroniton,"A very enjoyable very high quality RTS. Great story, great cinematics, awesome music and voice over and most importantly fun and complex yet easy to learn gameplay. Well worth $50 in my opinion."
,Recommended,290790,14356828,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Rolebo,"a great slower paced rts, just like the classic ones.based on cnc, and it doesn't have the micro intensive bullsh*t like starcraft 2.i loved CnC and i love this game"
76561198006579726,Recommended,290790,14320515,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Devwar,"Firstly, I love this game.The game is well made with a great story.I found all 3 races to be well balanced and played very well.The movie segments of the game are awesome and left me wanting more, i often stayed up late just to play one more mission. This is something alot of games these days don't make me want to to do.I am left hanging for a sequal now after finishing the game.I have not checked out out the MP so can't make comment."
,Recommended,290790,14321101,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Kyle,"Well made and beautiful, with classic Command and Conquer style strategy. Comes out in a time in the industry where RTS's that aren't StarCraft are scarce. Great and fun focus on base-building. Has 3 asymmetric factions with the constantly mobile titular Goo a clear highlight in its uniqueness. What are you waiting for? Buy it already!"
76561197995288050,Recommended,290790,14334895,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,luke_cheski,Frank Klepackis music is brilliant. gameplay solid. reminds of growing up playing original C&C. an excellent RTS. Also the cutscene cgi is absolutely magnificent.
,Recommended,290790,14355931,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Cpt_Seagull,"So when I first bought this game, I was expecting to find a generic RTS, set in a future time. After much fumbling around as the game was 'out of range' for my monitor and contacting customer support (which is great by the way), I was able to play the game. Unsurprisingly, what I wanted was what I got. I've put about ~16 hours into the game so far, and have enjoyed the vast majority of the campaigns so far. The final mission in the Beta campaign is a real ♥♥♥♥♥ to complete, but is possible. Aside from this, I have been doing a lot of silly stuff in the skirmish mode, for example using mother goo to consume entire enemy bases, but yet again, have had a lot of fun doing so. I have not encountered any bugs or problems so far, although the game occasionally crashes (on average one every six hours, so not too bad). However, the campaign does get a little bit 'samey' as most of it is 'Destroy all the enemies', although this is to be expected.Finally, I really enjoy the cutscenes, as they are top quality, and are basically the line between CGI and greenscreened cutscenes, as they are really that good.In conclusion, I find this game very enjoyable so far, and reccomend it to anyone who wants a slower paced RTS with an excellent storyline and top notch cutscenes. I say this game is very goo'd and give it a 8 / 10 For asymmetry, interesting story and brilliant customer service."
76561197973307364,Recommended,290790,14322698,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Jordon,"One of the best RTS games I've played in a long time!C&C'esk style gameplay with a brush of Starcraft as it has three unique factions with different play styles. Great campaign to teach you the factions, not without cheesy cutscenes."
,Recommended,290790,14325439,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,SoVeryBored,"When the game works, it works well.  However, a lot of the time you will find your units shooting a stray wall post instead of attacking the enemy pelting them two feet behind them.  For a game who's goal was to not be the ""twitch APM"" style of game that StarCraft is, your army often requires a LOT of babysitting to be effective.While it is true you don't have to micromanage your base much, I feel like there are a few inherently broken things.  When attacking, especially if there are walls, your units like to clump up to shoot the wall post they could just walk past and become perfect artillery bait...  And even a single artillery unit can annihalate your light troops.  It doesn't help that the AI -always- has artillery pre-placed in perfect ""gotcha"" positions.  Brush also seems to be a problem.  The AI seems to have issues when being shot at by something.  In most RTS games, if a unit gets shot at from something outside its range it will still attempt to engage so it doesn't just die in vain.  In Grey Goo they just... stand there.  Same for things attacking them from inside brush.  The game notifies you they're under attack.  But they just stand there dumbfounded as lasers rip them apart from inside the woods because they can't see the unit inside unless they move into the brush as well, or have a detector with them.I have found that playing through the campaign requires several restarts until you find the ""perfect"" build order.  Mistakes are punished hard as the AI with all of their already completed and entrenched positions vs you starting with literally nothing means you have no breathing room what so ever.  The maps, however, are small for the most part so restarting usually isn't that bad unless you fail right at the end.  Also many of them are snaked with frustrating impassible terrain that can make fighting the grey goo a frustrating lesson in chase the mothers around the map since they can freely cross terrain that is impassible to the other races and are constantly spawning more mothers.Those issues aside though, I still mostly have fun with it.  I'm not even sure why.  I'm definitly not a pro RTS player and I've even had to just stop playing several times after having to restart the same mission three or four times in a row because I'm not playing the game at the pace the AI wants me to play so I wind up with auto-loss when it assaults required mission objectives before I'm anywhere near ready to defend them.  Maybe it's just because I don't want to lose and keep coming back just to beat it...  I think maybe if I can break out of the Supreme Commander mindset and learn that the campaign triggers aren't going to wait for me like Supreme Commander's do and I'll do better.  Or maybe I'm just easily amused by the pretty particle effects and animations, but despite all of the game's weaknesses I don't hate it."
76561197970532864,Recommended,290790,14347816,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,harleyjackson,"Fantastic game. Everyone is saying if you enjoy old school RTS like c&c then you will like this and for the most part that is true. There are some minor issues that might need overlooking however:1. A tad to expensive, (maybe $10/15 cheaper would feel about right)2. Few crashes here and there, (did not really happen that much to me, a few times)3. A few small ballance issues, such as a really hard level on easy, which is crazy hard on medium...4. For some reason multiplayer does not seem to work for me, cant find any matches at all??Otherwise this is a great game that I am enjoying the new IP.Great graphics - great sound design - great level design - decent story so far....In a world lacking in new RTS games I am just happy to have something new to play!"
76561198025184133,Recommended,290790,14348498,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Mekan1k,"Very, Very fun. Relitivelly simple, but with a depth of complexity that most RTS games never get. I have rarely come across the idea of self-replicating machinery: at least, von-neumann machines that you can PLAY as. It is... Different, and inspiring. I feel sorry for the goo- created, then forgotten... and they are one of the most interesting enemies to play as. Ever.Play it- and know the fear of facing an all-consuming warmachine of Grey Goo.NOTE: Campaign is both short, and intense. I want more of it..."
,Recommended,290790,14349353,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Killigan,"Three unique factions with varying play styles, a challenging campaign that requires strategy and initiative from the player and some excellent cutscenes.Multiplayer players beware, balance may seem imperfect while a meta emerges and possible patches happen, as well as long queue times depending on when/where/what you play.Overall a brilliant new RTS in a genre that doesn't get enough love outside of the obvious SC2 scene."
76561198018058884,Recommended,290790,14367960,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,RedRozu,"Have been replaying a lot of my old RTS's like Command and Conquer Generals, for awhile now just wishing that something new would soon pop up and that's when I first saw Grey Goo.I just new that it would be a great game so when it lunched i didn't hesitate for one sec to buy it.And how was it ?It was booth better and in some caces worse then i Thought. I really love how the three factions play and how all of the have thire own style in both building strategys and unit combat strategys But it is kind of sad that if a Goo player rushes you in the begining, as a Human it is verry, and I mean verry hard to handel it just because of the Big destruction a Mother goo does to the power conduits which makes it imposible to continue anything as nothing have power.I'm also do not like how weak the AI is on Hard setting. even with different AI personalities they still usually play out the whole game with one rush in the beginning and then a big atack at the middel and then nothing. But as the game is still verry fun and that i'v been playing alot with one of my friends it's just a minor problem for me.Campaing/Story.As I have not played verry much on the story mode I can't really say anymore than it feels quite basic as an RTS Campaign with good and clear mishon setup and Nice cutscens here and there.Overall I'm tottaly glad I bought the game and I hope the makers and community"
76561198000297177,Recommended,290790,15242845,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Grey Wolf,"If you loved Starcraft and its focus on Micro / Macro gameplay, you will love Grey Goo.If your looking for a challenge, the AI is a little soft / even on HARD, but you will none the less love the Campaigns polish and Character development.Great for first time RTS players, and engaging enough for a seasoned pro. I would recommend this highly. !"
76561198042488225,Recommended,290790,15278367,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Reshif,"Being a fan of warcraft back in the day and strategy games in general, I had high hopes for grey goo, and it certainly delivered.  However, it may not be the best game for you.Pros:-Graphics-Stock maps are good-Campaign is comprehensive tutorial wise (since that's really all it is)-Hard difficulty campaign is still a challenge however-Balance is pretty good-Relatively new, updates are quite likelyCons:-Relatively new and non-mainstream-As such, playerbase isn't all that huge-Some tech choices are objectively better or worse-Low map variety-AI is predictable and very bad at mid-late gameAnd now, there are a couple of key traits to this game that you might see as pros or cons, depending on how you like your RTS's.-Emphasis on map control and positioning over build path and micromanagement-Units are fairly parralell between races-Resource collection is automatic once you have the building done-Expanding is key to passing early game eco, and takes a lot of skill to do well-Units are fairly weak on their own-Buildings hold up well against early game rushes-Brush mechanicsTL;DR:Less micromanagement, more map control awareness.  It's lacking in maps, though it's very new and we can likely expect more.  8.75/10 from me, but it may or may not be your cup of tea personally.$50 is steep, check out some people playing the game to make sure or wait until it goes on sale.Also the humans are fantastically british."
,Recommended,290790,15176017,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Narnach,It has the feel of the good old Westwood strategy games: solid gameplay. It looks like a proper 2015 game. The cutscenes are very high quality.
76561197991368766,Recommended,290790,17602428,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Shrike,"Loving the story so far, but what this game excels at is its mechanics: a little more advanced than Starcraft in terms of tactics but a bit behind Dawn of War in micro-management. Definitely a keeper!"
,Recommended,290790,17373861,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,[ ],"This game is an RTS that is beautifully animated. If you like the old Warcraft III, The Frozen Throne, Star Craft and Civilization, You're gonna love this game. The plot is quite intresting with diffrent short cinematic scenes appearing as you progress through a level and it is fully voice acted as well. It has very intresting game mechanics similar to Dota 2 and Leugue of Legends where the player can spot enemy forces on elevated ground and can set up an ambush by hiding in certain forests.Although it is a good game it still has some flaws. It is not very polished and can cause random crashes if you Alt+Tab too much. The balancing of the races is too much in favour of the Beta and the Goo. The humans are just really weak. Finaly, the game takes a long, long time to load. it differs from pc to pc but in my experience with all graohics settings on lowest, it takes about 7 minutes to load.....Thats a long time....I really reccomend you go check it out anyways. It is a good, solid game and I hope the will patch up and polish out their flaws in later updates and patches."
76561197978409306,Recommended,290790,18545663,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,⚔Aussie Elite⚔,"Campaign is good, Enjoying playing through it. Great Playable Races ! , Diverse units and Buildings . looove the GOO ! . Great RTS"
76561198019036391,Recommended,290790,17167622,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,The Fallen,"I really enjoyed this game and have to say welcome back westwood, we missed you! This was a fairly interesting RTS with some very different play styles per race. The campagin wasn't half bad but I felt like at times the AI was a bit buggy and didn't function correctly, which in turn made things kinda easy at times ( though I did play through on normal so this might be incorrect, I need to test out the multiplayer a bit)."
,Recommended,290790,17551069,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Mandarin Chili Slut,The game is fun but a longer and more conclusive storyline would have been more fitting for such a high price tag. The game mechanics are reasonably simple however this also contributes to the games major short coming that the units have no depth. Ultimately it boils down to who has the larger shinier death ball.I would recommend this game loosely. If you are able to pick it up on sale then by all means you'll have a great time for the price you paid.
76561198062007710,Recommended,290790,17565752,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,IudaN,I must admit not the best RTS game but a good one.
76561197999914281,Recommended,290790,18547319,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Hr. Niceguy,"Have problems running the old C&C games on the newer windows versions, so have been looking for a game with the some style, which i find grey goo to be, a more old school rts as to all the crap that has come out the later years.the bad thing is the normal price, which is to high, so wait for a good sale then it is totally worth it. Also amazing graphics and the cut scenes in the campaign are great."
76561197965045571,Recommended,290790,18554826,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,usedtolosing,"Fantastic Game.Great story, gameplay is familiar but fresh, all around fun"
76561198045833482,Recommended,290790,18578025,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,lordsith54,worth buying! very fun! almost like the old c&c games!!
,Recommended,290790,18649974,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,FedEx,"I only play multiplayer co-op against the computer, so if you love going against other players, ignore my review.Very fun game! Campaign is decently long (13 hours to complete), the story is well told, the factions have few units so the differences between them is huge which make it feel far more varried then most other RTS's. You don't have specials to worry about so you can focus on your stratagies rather than just clicking as many times as possible."
,Recommended,290790,18538276,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Vin,A noticeably F-A-T game.  Very robust.
76561198032528294,Recommended,290790,18559746,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Warriorsage,"Grey Goo is one of those games where a few things are really well-developed, and then other things make you go ""Really?  C'mon....""The graphics are pretty good, and the CGI is eye-popping since WETA Workshop was in charge.  Even so, there were a few times I ran into graphical bugs.  One of them was rather severe, as parts of my goo-soldiers reached up into the ""sky"" where my face was to obscure my vision.  This vibe of ""quality, but....""  is pretty pervasive throughout the game.The story isn't particularly special, but perfectly serviceable for a game like this.  The few characters are two-dimensional.  My problem was its sloppy deliverance.  You feel as though you arrive 20% of the way into the story, and the back-lore presented later is surprisingly barren.  Given the basically non-existent ending, I get the feeling they're hoping to flesh a lot of things out in future installments.There are three races to play.  Architecture is modular for the Humans and the Beta.  Although the Humans can teleport their buildings to elsewhere on their grid network, and in spite of the wonderful visual differences between the two styles, they are nonetheless painfully similar to each other.  The Goo is a marked difference, with no buildings whatsoever.  It simply partitions itself when it's gathered enough resources.The UI is kind of terrible.  While it's been simplified for the purpose of building structures and units, there is a bewildering number of hotkeys in the game because the developers just couldn't be bothered.  Every unit has basic functions like patrolling or attacking the ground, but they don't exist on the UI.  If you don't remember the hotkeys, you have to go into the ESC menu.The building rotation feature is absolutely terrible.  Beta structures have individual power hubs that you place and build off of, and while the feature of ""a blocked building"" is appreciated, once you let go of the rotation key it places the building.  A lot of times there are simply bad spots no matter what way you rotate, and you are forced to place the design and then delete it, rather than simply taking your hand off the key.Also, I have to complain about the Human's Large Factory.  In order to build their epic unit (or simply attach all four of the tech hubs), in theory you just need to lead a power conduit to the rear of the structure.  This doesn't happen though, because the Human snap-to grid is awful, and automatically attaches the structure by its SIDE to the conduit, obscuring one of the tech hub slots.  Rotation of the building does NOT FIX THIS.  What this means is you have to build a grid, place the building, build more grid around the back, and then DELETE other parts of the conduit.  That's about as inefficient as it could possibly be.The game also didn't really try with tutorials (or they simply didn't hold your hand).  Normally I'd be fine with that, and anyone with RTS experience will figure most of it out anyway, but an option to review tips would have been nice.  Once, I clicked a tutorial of the Epic unit I had to build for the Beta, but had other concerns at the time (the game has NO PAUSE BUTTON), so I had to click it away.  It then disappeared.  Permanently.  I had to look up on the internet exactly how the structure was built, because the game's ""Encyclopedia"" didn't want to tell me.There are no hero units.  Units themselves are varied and have particular traits, but these are limited mostly to ranges and ground and/or air capabilities.  They have no abilities, however, and this severely limits the depth of the game.  Whoever has the most guys wins.For the tech trees, you get to pick 4 of 12 upgrades.  That's it.  And you can't pick two in the same category.  At least some of these techs are shared between the races.  You do get the ability to unlearn a tech and learn another one in its category, but really?  FOUR TECHS?The environmental details bring a little more strategy to the game.  Elevation matters in terms of visibility.  There are small forests of cover for units to hide in, though I imagine that against a human player, those are going to be the first places checked.  You can build actual WALLS in the game instead of just turrets.  The Goo can scale impossible cliffs in their gelatinous form, and for any race, tapping into another resource pool does not require a ""Town Hall"" type of structure.The AI is a little shoddy.  I've had enemy units wander pretty close to my own and go by unassailed, and my units have done the same.  I never used the patrol function, so maybe that has something to do with it. Basically all campaign missions feel heavily scripted rather than intelligent.  In any case, the AI is exploitable, but really, how intelligent did it have to be when the game is about throwing endless units at a problem?Oh, I almost forgot --- lots of people complain the game is difficult.  I have concluded these are probably teenagers or young twenty-somethings who never played any of the old RTS games.  By no stretch of the imagination is the game hard on the middle setting, though there are a few missions which are trial and error.  Those particular missions should have had better coordination and presentation of information, but by no means is the game ""hard"".Overall, the game is a solid quick-fix for RTS fans, with really nice production value, even if the mechanics should have been so much more than they were.  Specifically hard stopping the story so they could lead it into a sequel was not appreciated.  The game itself is about 16 hours or so, and that's with several restarts of certain missions.  Overall it's fun, but it won't inspire you to dump tons of hours into it."
,Recommended,290790,18577015,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,{CMD}=Pushka=,"A breath of fresh air after the tediousness of Starcraft. The games are more relaxed and enjoyable, too."
76561198089612801,Recommended,290790,18620147,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Scythe7,"The factions are cool and each feel different to play. I really like that you can actually defend (except for the Goo). The campaign isn't that long and there's a low multiplayer population. If you like RTS but not StarCraft, then you'll probably like this. Get it on a sale."
76561197996577956,Recommended,290790,18643593,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Random Facts,"A beautiful and well balanced game in my opinion. I have played the single player for 10hours and the campaign is very nice! You end up playing the 3 races and you learn how to do their respective units and buildings. The videos ARE ONE OF THE BEST i've seen, i'm talking Blizzard style (for those who played blizzard games). Gameplay is fun but not addictive. I do not like competitive multiplayer so i cannot comment on that but the menus and layout (gui) are well made. All in all it is not a masterpiece but it is a game worth what is paid (25$).8/10Edit : Just finished the campaign and I LOVED IT! I sincerely hope there's a next instalment to this, the end was very nice and i ended up asking myself more questions."
76561198060017949,Recommended,290790,18671314,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Bobisme,"CAMPAIGNWhile the campaign is not much more than proving ground for your up and coming battles onine  it still has it merits. Lush, diverse environments, very well thought out maps, a short story but the landscape tells enough to strech it out, no sloppy excuses to wage war here.BASE BUILDINGEach race has it's own unique building format allowing for a completely dfferent play style in base building, be it dispersed, centralised or deadly mobile baby belching carnage.UNITSThe one down fall this game may have is it's units diversity. Each race can build a max of 200 and although each unit may look different each approach is very similar, you have several sets of upgradable abilities that are revesable / interchangable. In this game no unit has it's own micromanagement bar the epic, it comes down to your ability to control the sway of war not how quick you can bash a spell button.MAP EDITORThe map editor is second to none, this is where the game really shines. Build the ultimate skirmish map or even deisgn your own campaign with almost no limits. Such a varied and vibrant world, you can even import your own prefabs and textures and dish out a decent set of instructions to your AI factions. though the editor does not come without a few minor bugs., well... just. SAVE OFTEN..lolMULTIPLAYERAs yet i have not dealt with the multiplayer side of things bar the map making. I have heard it was randomly crashing though from what i read grey goo has been fixing/fixed the issue, they run tournaments for cash say $75000 to win? so issues can't be to prolific. The fan base is growing so you should expect more and more to log in for war, at present the online number can be a little low from what i hear.This game has come from a few of the ppl from Westwood before EA fked it, so it will have some old school feel n appeal for some.Enjoy!( i got it on sale via the free weekend )"
,Recommended,290790,18619315,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,[DAD] Aussime,"Excactly whats been missing for a years, a proper RTS, not turn based & not soley focused on an aggressive start. i demand downloadable content to throw more money at you. more factions, more units please"
,Recommended,290790,18637080,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,AfArSeMoN,good game and fun but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥its annoying to wait 20 mins for a game and they need to put freaking 3v3 and 4v4.today its bad to be limited to partner with up to 1 friend if they will fix the mm issues and bring some 3v3 and 4v4 its flawless for me
76561198048071601,Recommended,290790,18738046,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Ozzie Gandhi,It does deserve more love.I have never been a sinle player sort of guy but the multiplayer is spot on.It requires a bit of Micro but not so much that you are locked onto every fight like SC2It does a good siccors paper rock. Every unit has a counter and its viable.Overall just a well polished balanced game.If you want an RTS but dont have 120 APM to be competitive this is the game.
76561198033904648,Recommended,290790,18535448,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,breedta,"The spiritual successor to C&C, very good so far."
76561198012956361,Recommended,290790,16801155,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,B dome,"This game is not some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ starcraft clone. It's a half-way decent starcraft clone.A quick, easy to control, yet highly strategic game. First time in a long time I've actually been hooked by an RTS. Tech trees are wicked simple so you can focus on fighting and have almost every unit available by about 5 minutes in. I'd love to see this game's competitive community grow.Worth the sale price. Definitely a defib on a dead genre."
76561197982456228,Recommended,290790,16972022,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Terrocat,Recommended.. old school rts fans will love it!
,Recommended,290790,16990889,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Shirakawa Naoya,"Despite its short campaign and buggy AI here and there in some of the mission, I'm still enjoying it. Taken liking on the Goo faction (or should i say a trolling faction) and at the same time hating it (when vs against them). unless you're utilizing your air units, it can drag the course of battle to extreme length.8/10"
,Recommended,290790,17013290,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Balsimar,"Engaging and fun RTS. If you're a fan of the genre, you can't go wrong with this one."
76561198037108662,Recommended,290790,16378362,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,13,ALL HAIL THE GOO!!!
,Recommended,290790,16384353,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Clucky2988™,"Brilliant game, and graphics are amazing!"
,Recommended,290790,16392030,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Tomrade,"Westwood style RTS, whats not like!"
76561197978838136,Recommended,290790,16774311,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Locane,A great strategy game with an unfortunate name and excellent cinematics.  7/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,290790,16786163,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,The Sombrero Kid,"Goes a long way to recapturing the early days of the Real Time Strategy but didn't really succeed with the new things it tried, still an interesting game though."
76561198023859180,Recommended,290790,16874513,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,bullfrog84,"I love this game! It has an interesting story, three distinct races that play completly different, great multiplayer, and challengining AI. One of the best RTS games ever! This game I would say stands up with the command and conquer series, starcraft series, empire earth series, age of empire series, and the lord of the rings RTS. Great game"
76561198026706309,Recommended,290790,16882379,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Snoipur,"I really liked this game, the campaign was challenging, and the awesome cinematics but multiplayer needs some more improvements.Pros (+) Cons (-)+ Fun RTS game+ Very Polished+ 3 Totaly Different and Unique Factions+ Has the CnC feel- Lack of Players in Multiplayer- Some feeling of Repetitive plays"
76561198076713311,Recommended,290790,16954714,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Valor-SFM,I hope there will be a sequel to this game because it was worth the money and the story is one of the best i have seen in an RTS in a while.
76561198007349273,Recommended,290790,16983744,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,dnabma,"RTS with a proper single player campaign, lots of voice acting, decent visuals, and distinct factions. Only got it because it was on sale, so happy i did."
76561198003299131,Recommended,290790,17041121,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,chuchuTrain,"Good looking and fun game.(I've had the game since day 1 and have played through the patches)In campaign remember that some catalyst (beta and human) you can build two extractors for 1 catalyst gyser if u build them on the edges of the catalyst gysers (or w/e they were called again).Pros:-fun and easy econ, easy controls, easy to pick up, no hidden damage types (basically damage + pen - armor = damage taken).-nice polish (graphics, UI wise) I never experienced any slowdown or random fps drops,60 fps all day @ max 1080p small/no aa, no vsync-nerfed the op artillery-developer supported competitive play atm-minor micro skills can make you a better player, kiting, artillery ground bombardment, movng back damged units, etc...Cons:-A little too slow paced, some units could move faster, or if everybody starts with an extracter it could speed up gameplay (played all CNC games always hated that you start with no income generator). even with this implementation you could still go eco or army, just lower the starting money by like half an extractor or a full extractor.-small map pool-the praised AI is pretty weak actually, for me anyways.-so simplified i feel this might be a console port experiment, such as max of 4 players on maps.qwerty controls = axby, (nothing wrong with grids) but grid building layouts. etc...Long story short a solid RTS. If you like to play SC2, COH, CNC, SC-FA, then this is a game worth adding to your collection."
76561197961893362,Recommended,290790,17103346,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,PreventerWind,"Very good RTS Game made by the good ol' folks that brought us C&C back in the day, but it is in massive need of more online players, had to return to SC2 as I am not a fan of extremely long wait times for Queue's.  But overall a kick♥♥♥♥♥RTS made by some might fine folk, when expansion comes out for this game if it does I would gladly buy it if only just for the single player campaign."
76561198117399303,Recommended,290790,17164987,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Zac,9/10Ive always loved RTS games and now i love Grey Goo as well. It was hours of fun and money well spent. The only sad part was when it was over.I also recommend the DLC missionsI look forward to seeing where this series goes in the future.
76561198071925697,Recommended,290790,17165365,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Honey Badger,"Grey Goo is a highly polished, excellent RTS with breathtaking cinematics, great graphics, imaginative story, and really fun gameplay. If you like RTS, you can't go wrong with this one."
,Recommended,290790,17183700,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Blood Dulcet,"Grey Goo is a real-time strategy game that allows newcomers to the RTS game and veterans to get a different perspective on the balance of each Civilization. The introduction of a completely mobile Civilization is odd but extremely welcoming. Everyone reaches to be the ultimate Goober. Spongebob would be proud. Grey Goo possesses the potential for an amazing story if it would expand it more. The universe painted is one of ambiguity and deception. It leaves a lot to want after defeating the campaign with only 5 missions for each faction. Desire it would seem is going to be the greatest tool the developers are going to use to make a sequel...or expansions. The Dark Ones are growing the Silence and all the factions are still at a loss for what to do in regards to teaming up or going at it separate ways. I give my tip of the hat to this game as an extreme advocate for games like AOE, Stronghold, EU, and everything in between. I love it and will be a Goofy Goober for times to come."
76561198195864013,Recommended,290790,18550346,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Hohosanta443,"This game is so much fun, I love how well balanced the three species are and I love that it is an RTS game. It is so much fun and I highly recommend playing it. If you like games that come with a story also then I recommend this one."
,Recommended,290790,18578390,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,saguaro66,"A pretty fun RTS-strategy game that reminds you of the good ole days. Its got a pretty solid campaign, and a fresh building system. It is simplified from a game such as StarCraft, and it's more of a crank-em-out and send them to the front line kind of game. The multiplayer is not horrible, even though I am not terribly good at the game and the people i have played definetly are. So get ready for at least one solid♥♥♥♥♥kicking. There are 3 factions: Beta, Humans, and Goo. The Beta are really the only ones worth while. The goo you have to seek and destroy on the map and they can be quite dodgy, so thats a bit annoying considering it isn't likely that a patch of goo could turn the tides of war. The pre rendered sequences that play during campaign missions are pretty alright.8/10"
76561198071083886,Recommended,290790,15069334,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,SlimJim4567,"I love RTS games and this one is fantastic.  Great campaign, beautiful cutscenes, 3 fun races to play.  Can't go wrong if your an RTS fan."
76561198033046217,Recommended,290790,15101509,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Wat,
76561198027788778,Recommended,290790,15184406,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Commander_K00,amazing
76561198041550209,Recommended,290790,15228508,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Lord_Nightlock,"I definetly recommend it to people who love strategy and like to be challenged. I'll go into detail on what I like and what I think could be improved upon.What do I enjoy?-Graphics-Gameplay-Campaign (Very interesting story plus it is a lot of fun)-Epic Units (Each faction gets an ""Epic Unit"" which can be used to wreck havoc amongst your enemies in a, well, epic way!)-Balanced Factions (The factions, Beta, Human, and Goo, are pretty balanced with each having flaws and strengths.)-Music (I know this isn't that major but I have to put it in because the music for Grey Goo is simply amazing)What do I dislike?-Lack of maps (While this game has downloadable maps and the maps that it comes with are very fun, there needs to be more. I would love to have more maps that come with the game.)-Longer Campaign (There isn't any other way of putting this than simply saying that the campaign is semi-long but it would be awesome for it to be longer)-New Factions? (It would be cool to have some new factions but the current factions are amazing.)Overall I would greatly recommend the game because you will greatly enjoy it. Plus, if you want, we can do a skirmish and I can teach you some things ;)."
76561198062686277,Recommended,290790,15233805,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Nazi reforged,yeah pretty good game but same concept like starcraft tho
,Recommended,290790,16901260,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,MURDERBOT 9000,"Do you like RTS akin to the original Starcraft/broodwar or C&C styles? If yes, try the game. Ignore the title. I agree it could have perhaps been a bit better. But you're getting a solid story with great RTS mechanics."
,Recommended,290790,16999205,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,hero,yes ok
,Recommended,290790,15815193,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,endersblade,"Feels like the old C&C games, really enjoyed it.  The story was pretty interesting, too.  I came into this game blind, and I really enjoyed it, definitely glad I got it."
76561197976375476,Recommended,290790,16388465,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mestopia,"Remind me of Dark Reign from back in the day, didnt know about this game until the Steam sales.A lot of old school RTS fun."
,Recommended,290790,15921543,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,shmoe403,Great for a classic RTS lover. Each faction gives its own style of play. Grey goo also has a pretty good single player which is great. My only complaint will be the unit cap of 200. I'm sure it has to do with performance and whatnot. But on some maps/levels it seems to go pretty fast especially as the Beta.
76561198044909881,Recommended,290790,15730991,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Xacre,"Oh how badly I want to give this game a good review...It looks so nice and was such a good throwback it had sooo much potential!The Good:Excellent feel, placing and controlling units is organic.HUD is insanely niceUnits are well balanced (we'll touch on this more later)Online community is friendlyTHE BAD:The meta is so hardcore it hurts""Legendary"" units are so broken that most players turtle until they can spam them. Then it's just you and them trading blows and it becomes a 1-2 hour♥♥♥♥♥♥fest of who can stockpile resources better and throw hunks of metal and the other person. 1/2 of that time is watchign your damn units move.The Goo faction HQ can be so hard to purge sometimes that you will spending 45 minutes looking for that last freaking mother goo when the game is over and you can't kill it.Campaign is shorter than Danny Devito in a water ditchBuild times are SOOOOOOOOOOO LONG I will constantly set my build order up and go make toast while they complete.The unit cheese is the only legit strategy. If you don't max out your population cap ASAP you lose.Final take: 7/10I like the feel of this game, and with the new option to turn off legendary units the game became IMMENSELY better. But the unit-unit counter system is a tad off. It would be better if they labeled them better and made it more orvious. Yes they are labeled but would it be easier to put AT not ""Strong against armoured units"".like rock paper scissors:Infantry>ATTank> infantryAT>TankEverything should be easy to counter, but the tanks are the most powerful unit by far. And the so called ""AT"" classes can barely fight against tanks. This game does not have a very good ""Oh he's building air well then I'll build AA and Tank"" or ""He's building tank infantry? Well then I'll build AT and Tank"" and this game desperatly needs it."
76561197989845705,Recommended,290790,16378086,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ifrite,RTS classic goodness!
76561198007090390,Recommended,290790,16392579,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Jegger,"Good RTS. Bit light on the content, but still good."
76561197995804115,Recommended,290790,15660416,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,CyberIDentity,This game needs a lot of tweaking and improvements to cater for RTS players. I came in with a ready mind (comming from a broodwar background) for a new RTS  to sink my time into.As an example the tech is limited to only allowing you to defend or attack not both. The tech tree is very basic which only adds to the dissatisfaction of the hour put into the battle only to have to quit.This game deserves tweaking and improvements which I hope this original game gets; as it has a lot of potential.
,Recommended,290790,16382337,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Curseive,"10/10 for RTS genre. Hands down, the best RTS I've played since Starcraft."
,Recommended,290790,17297942,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,DarkMyth,Like others have said in their reviews this reminds me of the Command & Conquer series which is why I like playing it so much.  If you need a Command & Conquer fix this is a good game and the story is good as well.
,Recommended,290790,17686036,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Shift,"Its a very interesting game, with interesting factions. These factions all handle very differently but each caters to a different type of player.Humans= Heavy DefenseBeta= Map Control/MobilityGoo= Extremly Agressive hit and runs/100% mobilegood depth of gameplay can be found, so I think the price tag is justified. Sadly this same pricetag basically killed the game on arrival, since the community is all but gone.Good luck finding a game, Campaign is fun though and AI is good.Perhaps get two copies and play with a friendOh yeah and devs are super cool, they constantly put out free updates, hold tournaments, and make new content even despite a low playerbase."
76561197970624505,Recommended,290790,16751555,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,spoons,Great RTS that is both entertaining and challenging.Highly recommendable
76561198024392035,Recommended,290790,16782179,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,R.E.G.I.S MK-V,Its starcraft building and faction difference with star wars empire at war gameplay so if you like either of those you'll like this
76561198095815823,Recommended,290790,19124992,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,StormMaster,"A very simple and straight forward rts game that will greatly appeal to those who enjoyed games such as command and conquer and age of empires/age of mythology but not as deep as those games despite being much more beautiful, the unit variety is not the best because some units are just plain useless compared to others, but there are some really cool units. Each faction is however pretty unique from one another and more similar to starcraft 2 but without all the micro managing and much more about the macro. Overall a pretty fun game if you have friends to play with because the multiplayer is not the best atm matchmaking wise as i a total noob got matched some some very skilled players and the community is currently small, hope this changes7.9/10 (game is almost there but not quite yet, hope devs add more stuff like units to make it more fun)"
76561197983029161,Recommended,290790,18542752,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,[O]Pallemiitti,"This game is excellent for all you classic RTS fans out there! You got big unit cap, you got towers that can be mounted by a different units and you got WALLS!!! Effin' walls!The production value on this game feels like with AAA games. Overall quality is superb from GUI to cut scene movies.I highly recommend this to all classic RTS lovers."
,Recommended,290790,18583241,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,andrewv89,"great rts, in the vein of starcraft, goo has very inovative mechanics"
,Recommended,290790,18526275,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Customer Service,"Absoloutely reccomend, this game is a throwback to all the good things of RTS campaign. Also, really really QWERTY friendly. apart from movement, you could just about play the game from there."
,Recommended,290790,18540962,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,LoboKing,"This game is a refreshing start to what might be another era for strategy gaming as this genre of gaming has been stagnant  to say the least.I must admit that I am not getting that overwhelming feeling of ecitement. or need to want to stock up on energy drinks and  commit to my keyboard and mouse for the next couple of days. but there is still something that is keeping me here I am definitely curios on what is to come with the other races and getting to the high tech levels.I am impressed with the balancing of the units you will definitely not just rush in with a whole insane amount of infantry and whipe out all the enemy units, you will need a variety of units to get the job done.I am definitely impressed with the build structure and how everything comes together. saying this you will need to plan ahead. you cannot just place buildings willy nilly as they all work together and a different combination of buildings yield a different result.I will recommend this game to anyone looking to play a well made ""Strat"" if you are tired of the replaying your old C&C's/SC just for the lack of more ""Strat"" franchises. It needs something extra...Something gripping. I really cannot put my finger on it but there is definitely room for improvementI really cannot compare it with star craft 2 as this is visually not as good. game play wise it has the makings of one day competing but not today."
,Recommended,290790,18548675,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Nadbash,"I've been playing this during the free preview and was most definitely impressed. Doesn't deserve the ""mixed"" rating. Great for casual RTS fans. Really clean looking/running and not overly complicated like StarCraft. The story seems great, and the animation good quality as well. Kind of remidns me of old FMV games the way they narrate between missions, but done correctly.I don't have the $20 to buy this during the sale, wich I regret but I'll definitely be picking this up when I have more disposable cash. It's well worth even the full asking price."
76561198043453614,Recommended,290790,18559771,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,styl711,"This game is OK, casual  players can beat it  in 2-4  days,  dono about others but I never had any bugs or crashes.  Still I would never buy it for more than 20$, this  game lacks hero units, oh and it gets little boring after like 2 days. It is  a good transition game when u have to wait for bigger title."
,Recommended,290790,18604048,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,BallinStalin,"I got this game because I loved Command & Conquer and heard that the gameplay was similar. Was not disappointed.If you are still butthurt (like I am) over EA's absolute destruction of our beloved franchise, get this game. It has the same feel, but is different enough to keep you interested. The story is intriguing, characters are fairly compelling, and the goo faction is especially unusual and requires thinking outside the typical RTS mindbox."
76561197968054686,Recommended,290790,18633095,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,VirtualSkill,"A fantastic mix of classic RTS gameplay with unique races (especially the goo - which plays unlike any other race invented in an RTS thus far).If you've played an older RTS called ""Universe At War"" by SEGA, you'd know exactly what to expect here. The humans draw similarities from the Novus, and the goo from the Hierarchy.All-in-all, it may not be anything new or spectacular (I actually felt it pretty generic & bland during the first few hours), but it's a solid RTS with a unique spin."
76561198039542785,Recommended,290790,18674382,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Dragnor,"This is really fun rts. They simplifed a lot of things so its great game for the beginners in the genre. Hopefully there will be more rts games comming out in future. Anyway not sure if the game is worth the full price. I bought it while the game was on discount. But knowing now how fun I have, I would probably bought it anyway. the campaign could be longer though."
,Recommended,290790,18734812,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Bernardo,"This game is so cool! Finally a good RTS. I was beginning to miss them. Nothing new was coming up. And then I find Grey Goo - a total MUST HAVE!! It has futuristic items, but it also brings back the old school RTS. Works great for Macro management, which I love. If you're in doubt, rest assured it's worthy."
76561198006678547,Recommended,290790,19065809,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Big Lushis,very well put together... lots of options
,Recommended,290790,35203603,Posted: 25 September,all,zql9843,先说一下好：1、很有意思的阵营设计，四个外观风格大相径庭的阵营。2、不同阵营的经济、科技树、战斗机制风格完全不同。很有新意的科研系统，让我想起了岩石壁画公司之前的宇宙战争地球突袭战的Novus阵营补丁系统。3、纳米机器人Goo不禁让我想起了地球2160的外星异形。两者是如此的相似啊。4、非常科幻有逼格的UI设计和电影一般的过场动画。还有背景故事设定，人类曾经是银河霸主啊！！！5、相当方便快捷的单位生产管理系统，节省了我不少时间。虽然在减少日常维护等微操的方面比不上最高指挥官系列。6、岩石壁画出的游戏，必买！再说一不爽的部分:1、不能调整视角的角度，只能改变远近和旋转。2、缺少选取所有相似单位的键盘快捷键，如果有的话就能够能够减少误触浪费的时间。（比如最高指挥官Ctrl+z能够选择所有同类型的单位。）在后说一下可能让你抓狂退款的部分：1、不知道是这个游戏的存档机制还是steam的云存档机制的问题，你的战役进度极有可能消失！！！没错，是彻底消失。我从昨天到今天已经遭遇了两次了。第一次我就差一关就能够玩通了。你无法想象当时的我是多么的绝望和想砸掉电脑。不过我今天意外发现的解决办法就是在战役过程中做存档，如果发现自己的进度被覆盖了，就读取那个存档，这样游戏就会在你玩通这关之后将进度恢复到这关结束时的进度。我两天内给steam和Grey Box客服发了N封邮件，然而并没有任何积极的回应，我不得不说我的内心是很失望的。如果不是因为找到了我刚才描述的方法，那么我今天就根本不可能来写评测，更不可能给大家推荐这个游戏了。如果你玩了很久然后没存档/存档太老然后遇上了这个bug，那我只能说祝你好运了，顺便默念一句cnbbG胖还我血汗钱。
76561198036810712,Not Recommended,290790,18800512,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Damocleez,"I had such high hopes for this game but they were dashed by the poorly designed and quite frankly stupid limitations to the factions. Take the Humans, they are limited to building on attached conduits for power, fair enough, but no, wait, this conduit only runs on 90 degree angles. Let's not mention that on most maps this a serious problem as you are placed on a diagnonal to the field of play. Meaning you have to zig-zag around just to build things.Another problem is the A.I., seriously moronic in game play but grossly overpowered in opening stages, forcing a defensive posture by the player, mearly to stay alive. Havesting resources require the use of ploding unarmed ""haresters"" yet the humans can teleport structures and with a teleporter units on the map.  Go figure? Clearly, humanity has lost all it's IQ points in the future for common sense.While the campaign missions are well thought out, goals are well defined and attainable, the skirmish aspect of the game is weakly developed and lacks an A.I. that is consisitent with the actual design of it's tactics. Put simply, the defensive A.I. attacks as frequently and with almost as much ferocity as the offensive version. This makes it difficult to enjoy the and learn the game due to all of the micromanagement one must do. The reason one would select a defensive A.I. initial is to learn how to build a base and a sizeable army, and only then, once you have the skills, do you step up to the more offensive A.I. I suppose you could select the idle A.I. but where's the fun in that?This game has a tremendous story to tell and could be a real winner but in it's current state I can hardly reccomend it. It has serious potential though and yet it is still early to give the final yea or nea. I'll withhold my final opinion to see how this game develops."
76561197993006518,Not Recommended,290790,14259172,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Shepherd,"Very prettty, extremely so in cut scenes. But your Unit AI is terrible, some will simply stop where they are, go a different direction to be slaughtered. There are no pings on the mini map so when you hear ""You're under attack"" you have to cycle through everything you own to find out where you're under attack. Stealth and artillery are great when you have enough time to coordinate everything, but only the comp AI can control 4 units at once. Random slow downs spoil the flow (I have an extremely fast gaming PC and it still slows down). No speed controls or issuing orders when paused. Unit selection can be tricky (esp on Epic units like Hand of Ruk). Very limited selection of units (which even so are ""Melee"", ""Seige"", ""Stealth"", ""Scout"" and ""Bomber""). Tech tree is none existant. Units are way too flimsy and there is no way of making them tougher (Which when you're units will change directions when blocked by their fellows, means moving large groups extremely frustrating - especially when you managed to do it you're usually decimated because of incredibly strong static defences). This game is currently in the state of ""Beta"" as far as all of these lacking features and bugs are concerned. Check back in several months and see if the comments have been improved before waisting your money on a game which is extremely frustrating."
76561198080381918,Not Recommended,290790,18315765,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,johnx,"I regret buying this game.There are three races, with very different building systemsHowever the units built by them are all the same, so gameplay is largely the same.I mean exactly the same, a light unit, an anti armour unit, a tank, an artililary, an anti air and a couple of aircraft.Combat is dull, there are no melee units, no fast units. Air get destroyed by anti air, to the point where they are unusable.The game is slow, units take forever to build and forever to move. Feels like you wait alot.There is little micro, the simplicity of the units seems to be designed to remove the micro from the game.Building is clunky (appart from the goo), for some reason things keep needing to be attached to other things.For example, humans have one core base, then every other builing needs to be connected by a pipe to the main base building. The pipe is weak and fustrating to place and should there ever be a gap in the pipe everything downstream stop s working. (you can't place buildings out of LOS).(Note humans can't build a second main base, so good luck building over to the next resource patch, ""enjoy"" that frustration)This is nothing like starcraft, i would say it is closer to total ana. Just slower, with no depth and no fun."
76561198178386750,Not Recommended,290790,15366946,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Toxic,got to play this twice now ill not even open
76561198065508904,Not Recommended,290790,22441904,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Ubermann,"This game is a SC2 wannabe.I really enjoy RTS's and have completed numerous playthroughs of Age of Empires 1/2/3, Empire Earth, Starcraft 1/2, Age of Mythology, Rome and Medieval Total War, and LOTR: Battle for Middle Earth. I tried for 7 hours to get into and enjoy this game, but the gameplay itself was so dull I couldn't endure. If you liked any of the aforementioned games, skip this one; it doesn't come close to delivering on its value proposition."
76561197966093580,Not Recommended,290790,16821425,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,ArchAngelPaladin,"Man, finally beat the canpain, get it can PAIN, what a chore...Pretty generic rts, nothing new added to the genere, the factions aren't anything unique, and the units are all kind of sameish, there are epics, but like everything else in this game they take forever to build and then take even longer to get any where on a map, and i think that's my main gripe with this game, it is very slow paced for an rts.  Also the brush mechanic is super dumb.And then there is the story, the meta plot is ok, but the rising actions don't make any scene, mainly why did the humans just start killing betas?  I mean the humans literately started pouring through the keyhole seconds after the beta's opened it with guns blazzing.  Any rational person would have asked ""why are we attacking these aliens we just meet"", and then there is that one cut scene where one guy says ""hey it looks like the beta's can communicate"", but then the stupid ship computer is like ""probability of diplomacy 0%""  and then the other human is like well the ship must never be wrong lets kill the mother f...Also the voice acting/motion capture/facial animations for the character lucy just rubbed me the wrong way, could you be any more of an boring ""protagonist"" (that commits genocide against newly discovered aliens)..."
,Not Recommended,290790,17671193,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,[--KAOS--] caine_zen,"I've been playing this game for a few weeks.  Initially I was hesitant but I came to enjoy some of the unique aspects of the factions.  Once you play it for a while; however, you realize that the GOO faction seems really overpowering compared to the other Human and Beta races.  I play Beta a lot and to me, it's hard to overcome good GOO faction players.  The ability of the goo to adapt rapidly on the fly, with no time/resource penalty is kind of unbalanced.  Additionally, they have a few units that can climb on top of hills and pummel you.  To counter that, you have to start building one of two counter units, which takes time and resources that can't compete.  To me, the longer I play, the less fun it becomes.  I think the name says it all, Grey Goo.  The Goo faction is what the game is about.  So the hefty price of a premium game, where 1/3rd of the content is Goo and a preferred faction, is not worth the money."
,Recommended,290790,18497632,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Zombie Cat,"An excellent classic RTS that goes back to the traditional base building roots of C&C. Any RTS fan must get this. if you can afford, get the soundtrack as well, it features Frank Klepacki As the composer (He did the awesome soundtracks for the c&c series)."
76561198133845992,Recommended,290790,17807579,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Blitzwing,"Well its was difficult to here, how to evaluate this game.By start the servers did permanent crush and did loose connection.Well after some month they got fixed. So it works properly now.The AI is not even average, just really bad and too easy to defeat.I like this game anyway, you have nice story campaign and its fun to play online the different factions here.I like to play the Goo, this mobile faction and the Beta who can really good build a base.I like to build as beta a fortress with walls and doors,You can place on towers units and its pretty fun defense mechanism.The Epic of the Goo faction is really fun to use.For the first Petroglyph Games = former Westwood Studios managed to make a game with different factions and a balanced gameplay. Its really fun to play it online.Yes it had problems at start, but now works fine.Its really well music here and some new, good and interesting gameplay ideas.They did now really good Improve the AI / Bots. Now the game is a true AAA RTS game."
76561198058379742,Not Recommended,290790,14187666,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Aparthesis,Really Reminds me of the Glory days of C&C when it started. That is a good thing but also a bad thing as I feel they took it back to far. It feels like i'm playing a game that came before C&C Red Alert. It has the base core down but is missing alot of the small parts that made RA fun to play. Making the entire scheme flow as easy as C&C is a great move but when you don't add different kinds of defenses and make it so that you are restriced in base placement really hampers the overall game play. There isn't a race I feel I can hunker down in and weather an onslaught and half the time all your buildings are kinda just where they can fit and rarely where you want them. Seems like there is one way to play it.....pump out units without a real care to your base. This ruins the game for me. It isalways fun to conquer but it is also fun to have an enemy attack and be repeled through sheer building and defense tactics.
,Not Recommended,290790,24397579,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Exceed,"Very slow paced and unbalanced, if you like Starcraft you will not like this game.  Units lack variety, it is very easy to confuse one unit from another, many lack conveyance when it comes to seeing a unit and understanding its role and limitations.If you are a developer trying to make a slower paced Stategy Game make it turn-based, real-time games are supposed to benefit from the speed players can play and think."
,Recommended,290790,16344919,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,S'AraisVanu,Huh. They added a new faction
,Recommended,290790,30457002,Posted: 11 March,all,Agastur,"i like soo much this game its the BEST game i ever played, the grafics are soo good the cutsenes too enevrithing i said EVERYTHING is good gre box congratulations you made the best game in ecosistem 9---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Graphics 10Gameplay 10Idea/concept 10Animations/hud 10"
76561198032395455,Not Recommended,290790,29884288,Posted: 12 February,all,DEATHTALON,"What a freeking cash grab. There is NO multiplayer going on this game. Don't buy it!! I was searching for a good RTS with multiplayer, and I came upon this. it looked fun.. I got some friends to buy it with me to play online with me, but yeahh.. no multiplayer. I wish i could get a refund for this stupid game. can't even begin to explain how seriously♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off i am at this."
,Not Recommended,290790,20407835,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Jabokoe,Over hyped. Devs removing features to get it stable instead of fixing problems. Not what I expected from a modern RTS that touts large scale gameplay.
76561198122468703,Recommended,290790,34893200,Posted: 11 September,all,gennfox,love this game so much sad the expantion just adds to the game and couldent falt it at all
76561198153235621,Recommended,290790,23413182,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,IOUANAME,For the amount of time I got to play it was an okay experience the campaign was cool the muliplayer was idk I only got to play like 2 losing matches and one game where I spammmed one unit to win it was yea something haha my overall on if you should get this sure its got decent units decent campaign the multiplayer is ify but besides that its a pretty good title might be bias considering I love rts but you know I've played worse than this if it can be considered all that bad to startUseless ally ai and grey goo ai they can't seem to figure out they need to pump units by making more mother goo and the battles usually play out in favour of beta and human from what I've gathered I would like to say its a one sided battle if you got no clue what you're doing when you play the goo but easy win for beta mass one unit and crush everything basically the shroud is pretty useless if you don't want o get rekt in the first few minutes try to rush a double extract and pump those suckers out or you are gonna struggle for the hoomans I recomend heavy turtle with some massed units to go and crush and the final thing would I recommend this game? No not really but imma thumbs up for the effort in the campaign loved that.
76561198070017832,Not Recommended,290790,33287092,Posted: 5 July,all,Supreme Max,boring and simple gameplay with a meh story thats only good because of amazing cuscenes. Little to no trategy involved in the game with boring unit and designs borrowed straight from stacraft. I would recommend going to playy starcraft instead of this game as this game is basically b-tec starcraft.
76561198020969719,Recommended,290790,14132539,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,RJ,A Great new RTS. The name is completly irelvant to what the game is about the Aliens have Big Buck Teeth. whats not to like. The game also filter words like Nazi.
,Not Recommended,290790,24092474,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Schwerdtey,"I was really looking forward to this, because I love the old C&Cs. Its hard to grasp, but, for me, grey goo feels more like Red Alert 3 or C&C 4, which I simple don't enjoy. You like these, go buy it! If you are more the Tiberian Dawn, Red Alert or Generals kinda guy, don't.Just my two cents..."
76561198102114769,Recommended,290790,23796383,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,alan.bates123,yeh its ok if on sale
76561198164082793,Recommended,290790,24025979,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Master Fidel,"i know what the % of reviews say but i enjoy this game and generally disagree with many of the reviewers,  4 factions goo-exremely mobile and quick to produce armiesHumans-slow but strong, only have one base and have very effective technoloyBeta-very defensive and can expand very rapidllyShroud-cant really explain but add them all together but with a very large aircraft force and some differenteach have epic units-but the goo have the best=a huge goo that has a tunneling attackBeta have a nuke, 6 unit mount flying tankHumans have a weak cyclops robot with a few self defense mechanismsShroud have a weird little tank thing that shoots a laser, then a beast tank with an artillery shot (after upgrade),  after a third upgrade it is a giant black hole shooting monsterAIs ok dont really go on muliplayer (because i will get thrashed)there is an upgrade system for all factions and loads of maps, goodish campagin and good graphicsi would recomment but see why others do not like this game :("
76561197991699580,Not Recommended,290790,29095964,Posted: 7 January,all,shamatorazly,I bought this game thinking it would be fun. Sadly I've ended up with a very disappointing stratagy game that seems like its 10 years in the past in every way except graphics.
76561198038637430,Not Recommended,290790,14347376,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,jparker_cebu,"I was only able to play the first two missions, when I was loading the third mission (quarry) it froze up.  Screen went blank and my sound locked up.  Had to reboot my PC, tried running as administartor but it did the exact same thing.  Now I cannot play any missions because of the lock ups.  My PC exceeds all the requirements for this game so I am at a loss.  Guess I just blew $40."
,Not Recommended,290790,14375978,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Nzy,"I have never played an RTS anywhere near this slow paced in my life.0 skill, 0 strategy.  Awful"
76561197970566982,Recommended,290790,15099059,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Mogs,Good 90s style RTS
76561198069587264,Not Recommended,290790,16380451,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Yogi the Bear,Well... this was a good way to try out the new refund feature on Steam
,Not Recommended,290790,18529386,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,FRM,I guess companies just don't know how to make good rts games anymore...
76561198043066018,Not Recommended,290790,18694294,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Emperor Rahem,"This game is beautiful and runs great.  It was so much potential to be great, too bad the story in the campaign is so boring.  Why they decided to make these inspired cutscenes with awesome VA work; and NO STORY.  The story of this game is never properly explained, you are just thrust into the middle of it with hopes you will understand it.  I keep wanting to like this game, but I still haven't found a way to do that effectively."
76561197972388265,Not Recommended,290790,20720650,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Crowley,"I really want to recommend this game, I really do. It seems great, but it crashes every 10 minutes and its long load times mean its simply not worth the effort."
,Not Recommended,290790,14770340,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,M1Combat,Just not good.  It's middle of the road in pretty much all categories.
76561197970246167,Not Recommended,290790,24700336,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,3DJFLetch,"Clunky, just painful. Done soooooooo much better elsewhereWant an RTS?, don't bother with this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,290790,16372338,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,thehavock,"Seems like a fun game, but since i bought it haven´t been able to play it because it crashes and get d/c a lot from the servers. Like me, there are other 3 people that i know of with the same issue."
76561197995330276,Recommended,290790,14281082,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Ichi,"good game, worth buying."
,Not Recommended,290790,16552550,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,PaladinSolo,"Got this at 50% off which should be the original price, the campaign is short, the game mechanics are clunky as if they this game came out 20 years ago, the game is also really really slowwwww,and considering there are 0 special abilities to use thats just stupid so you basically just A-Click your stuff and watch, you'll spend 10 minutes every game just getting resources to get a decent production going, the units are completely uninspired and there are very few of them, and the ultimate units are way too powerful, and the campaign is insanely short, like 4 missions per faction which goes in a chain starting with the Beta (humanoid aliens), then the humans, then the Goo.The Goo are also the worst RTS faction i have ever played, they're supposed to be mobile and massing, except imagine having all of your production facilities spread all over the map with no way to rally troops forcing you to click each individual mother goo (production unit) to spawn a small or large blob which then can be transformed into your units, small blob for basic, big blob for more advanced units, and they have 0 aircraft units and every unit is slow as balls.Beta and Humans are pretty basic designs, Beta have outposts that range from small to large and buildings have to be placed next to them to gain power and function with their main defense being emplacing troops on walls, humans build powerlines allowing them to extend their infrastructure to their boundries to build turrets, units are your standard stuff infantry then up to tanks then aircraft and your Ultimate units, both play roughly the same.The only thing that really stands out in this game are the cutscenes, where they clearly spent the vast majority of their funds, each mission before and after has a cutscene which are top notch, sadly the story on the whole is kinda bad or rather its not horrible but its left terribly incomplete and considering they're releasing DLC, which i'm not paying for 3 missions i can only imagine they'll want to milk people for more money to get the rest, not sure why anyone in their right mind would do that though.TLDR- The game is slow and clunky, the Goo is the worst faction i've played, the Campaign is insanely short 7.8 hours for me to finish, the Units are uninspired, and the only good thing about it is the cutscenes and story which is left completely unfinished.  Should be a 20 dollar title."
,Recommended,290790,22958158,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,jaydon382,Relly fun game despite the mixed reviews.
76561197988320665,Not Recommended,290790,16426399,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,hazzey`,big old MEH!
76561198052522685,Recommended,290790,18490839,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Zowieberner,I am amused
76561198000855239,Not Recommended,290790,21413495,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Teshe,"Very simple RTS, if you are looking for depth, difficulty or just fresh fun gameplay, I cannot recommend this."
,Recommended,290790,14284009,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Kit,"The best story I've ever seen in an RTS, and thats including Starcraft. I find the latter relies on fan-service and stereotypes too much to be taken seriously. The cutscenes are incredible with some of the best facial capture and lip syncing I've seen in any game, with a solid story that continues through all three of the playable factions. I'd happily buy expansions for this alone.The gameplay itself CAN be fairly rock paper scissors, although each faction tends to have its playstyles - as they are toting in their advertisements. They have a unique MOBA style hotkey system, that takes a game or two to get used to, but becomes very efficient. Naturally you can manually select units etc.If this had come out in 2014, it would be my game of the year and it'll take a hot contender to push it off its 2015 pedestal."
,Recommended,290790,14314112,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,xNEOx,"Polished RTS. Very enjoyable, seem's pretty well balanced. Just wish there were more maps."
76561198020970489,Recommended,290790,14307027,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,marty mcfly,"RTS is back!! lack of mp maps is fine for now(8), theres a freakin map editor w the game. it should prove good for future replay. music is great. just an update, its been a lil over a year since release and I still play a lot. game has had a new race added for FREE and the player base seems to be on the rise. Ive played a lot of other rts games this is one of my favorites."
,Recommended,290790,14308661,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Boomer the GUY G[A]MER,"Excellent, old school RTS in the same camp as old CnC. Must buy if you're an RTS fan."
76561198041748227,Recommended,290790,14308662,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Wilson,Awesome loved it and loving it right now.
76561197970347042,Recommended,290790,14315098,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,aluinie,An RTS that goes back to the roots of the genre. Great game with some amazing graphics and fantastic music. Gameplay is from the school of the older RTS such as Command & Conquer or KKND and is well worth playing for the old RTS fan.
76561197972071965,Not Recommended,290790,15198459,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Hfx,This game has all the elements of an excellent RTS but they just don't come together well.So much potential but not fun to play
76561197969134510,Recommended,290790,16346133,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Zach,"You know what this was pretty good. Maybe after a few expansion packs, a sequel, and a lot of patches this could be an amazing franchise"
76561197962144623,Not Recommended,290790,15668947,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Acidburno,"No.Plain and simple recommendation. The game is far to limited and repetative in terms of multiple player games. for amount it costs its just not worth the money. Its a shame as the concept is great, tried and tested even under the chaps from westwood. But this falls far short and doesunt warrant the high cosst.Maybe a DLC will change things, but for now ...no"
76561198071657017,Recommended,290790,16013625,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Nemesis Breaker,I have really enjoyed this game but i would like to see some DLC's for new units and maps and maybe an add on for the story for each faction or a hint to this enermy of the beta
76561198028011854,Not Recommended,290790,17066182,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,madcowcancer,nothing here is innovative. nothing is new. its the same old same old. and i do mean old. these controls and queue types are outdated like windows 95. the units are dumb. the ai always has the upper hand. your anitair guys will run straight into a turret that they cant attack.there are also almost no base defenses at all. which makes it very hard when you have to split you army into multiple defense positions and barely have any troops left to attack with. and no you cant just all out attack or their troops will sneak in and destroy your base while you are away. all of the controls are hotkeyed badly. nothing is intuitive. overall not fun.
76561198035140703,Not Recommended,290790,17445973,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,ForsakenLegend,Possibly the worst rts game I've ever played. No depth.
76561198018013143,Not Recommended,290790,18404819,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Praetor Shinzon,The game units are not balanced properly.
76561198080450498,Not Recommended,290790,18794450,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,zachary_quarles,THIS GAME SUCKS. DON'T BUY IT... I BOUGHT IT NOW I'M SAD.  :(
,Recommended,290790,18781949,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,[BH]DoobyDoo142,Awesome Game just as good if not better than starcraft 2 in my opinion!
76561198172776874,Recommended,290790,18551143,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Walter O'Cash,"WHen i start up the game,its pitch BLACK!I recommend but please help!"
,Not Recommended,290790,18533651,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,praise the sun,constantly crahes after each level then i have to restart the computer so ya screw this game screw the creator of this game also dev dont comment i am unistalling this piec of♥♥♥♥♥
76561197970463569,Not Recommended,290790,18546859,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,TheGhost,"the story seems interesting, but the game crashes every few minutes... it's unplayable this way, I could barely get to the end of the first video... Please test before release, or fix at least..."
,Not Recommended,290790,28305280,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,SkoZombie,Jumps between monitors on multi-monitor setups and does not feel like you're connected to the units at all.Feels like you're trying to play the game through a layer of ... grey goo.
76561198043144491,Not Recommended,290790,20578096,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Irish189,Not worth the $50 for this trash
76561198005150003,Not Recommended,290790,20587012,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Legendary Bugsmasher,"Overhyped.  Very confined map design and resource system, combined with very low population cap make this just another, slightly different, rts.  Hopes sunk."
76561197996025113,Recommended,290790,28149676,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,athelasloraiel,mm
,Not Recommended,290790,20771228,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,M4LfUNCTI0N,Can't find or create any Steam/LAN multiplayer lobbies. Absolutely worthless.
76561198103730609,Not Recommended,290790,14876277,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,G4mBi7,"Granted this is the only new decent RTS in a very long time, I won't get into what makes the game good but what makes it bad.Humans: Over reliance on a power network that is too easily broken. Creating a network takes a long time in itself because of the poor grid design requirement and an inability to even build diagonally, instead of being able to create a power conduit from A to B / you have to create a node from A to B to C _| which consumes a lot of time because of poor map design which requires diagonal movement.Beta: More traditional RTS race but the structures take up more space and does not allow you pack buildings together like in classic RTS fashion but forced a lot of unnecessay open space which is a detrement when trying to increase your supply cap.Goo: Annoying early, weak late and if the goo player is a troll can prolonge a game for hours because the mother goo keeps collecting resources. Very fun tho :)I don't mind the classic RTS choice made but they were poorly implemented, this game has serious balance issues as a result. At least until some of it is address, i don't recommend this game at full price but worth a flash sale."
76561198012710904,Not Recommended,290790,19487814,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,peerless_rider,"Glad I bought this when it was 50% off regular price. Disappointing. Was looking forward to a 21st century take on classic RTS games. Very small unit choice. Some flexibility with unit roles when techs are researched, but just not enough. Single player campaign is good but skirmish mode is not worth bothering with. The AI has you at a disadvantage econimcally even when you play against Easy:Defensive. They will base-rush with overwhelming force before you've had a chance to put in place decent defenses, so unless you base-rush first and wipe them out early you're going to lose. What is the point of playing if the game isn't going to last more than 15 minutes, if it forces you to take them out so early in the game?Just not taactical enough for me."
76561198058167864,Not Recommended,290790,20082159,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,nproe2,"It's a beautiful unit spamming game.  Fun, but not the best strategy game out there."
,Not Recommended,290790,16660458,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Bodis,2:29 seconds into the first mission in we already have the first crash.From there on the game randomly decides it now wants to use every other monitor but the one its been running on the first time.Pure fail.
76561197965683350,Not Recommended,290790,16665990,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Juanler,A boring game of unit spam. Different factions produce units differently but pretty much you get the same stuff for each faction. Played through the whole game until the last mission which bugged out both times I attempted it. Lots of hype but falls flat.
76561198025858548,Not Recommended,290790,33409114,Posted: 9 July,all,Toothbeard,"While i enjoy the gameplay and the design, it causes my computer to hard crash and shut down after about a half hour of gameplay. Cannot reccomend."
,Recommended,290790,16729326,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,duckduckseduce,Pros:Gameplays balanced and fairThe campaign allows even beginers to Command and Conquer-like RTSs learn how to play with easeThe cutscenes are amazingThe plot is interestingThe races all seem particular uniqueThe game is generaly bug freeInteresting map designsCons:Lags fairly easilyThe maps are sometime fairly small
76561198065823149,Not Recommended,290790,33493188,Posted: 12 July,all,Poopiepooperton,Unfortunately the game keeps crashing before I can even get to the main menu.  Disappointing becuase this is the type of game I know I would really enjoy.
,Recommended,290790,24496223,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,matuone,"My review handles the single player only - I'm not much of a MP RTS player. I completed the main campaign and also the DLC. I really liked the game and hate seeing so mixed review score the game has on Steam. Although the game is referred as an oldschool RTS, it has also got a lot of its own ideas through the race differences and units, how they control, build and function.The overall setting and story are compelling. Visual style is great. The races are varied and interesting. I had my doubts about the Goo but it ended up being my favourite faction.The single stand-out element of the game IMO is the sound and music. Very cool music throughout and superb sound effects. The voice-acting is also very professionally made and a pleasure to listen.If you like RTS and playing single player campaigns I highly recommend to try out Grey Goo."
76561198085421102,Recommended,290790,24420044,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Ghostswarm,"This is one to get if you are a RTS player each faction plays completely to its streangths and its weaknesses the story that we have played so far has been intresting as it sheds some light on the units that you play with in the multiplayer. Origianlly our favouite(s) where the goo and the shroud but after playing the campain it has become all the races as you learn more about what everything does and how to get them, one thing that does bring down the game is the very short campain but still a good game."
76561198165196721,Recommended,290790,24422732,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,ozduzguna,"Grey Goo is an interesting game, I actually thought it was a 4x space game and bought it thinking that I will have some galactic fun (yes I confused it with endless series) when I started playing the game though, I got my old flashbacks the thoughts of warcraft, starcraft, CnC and Dune rushed back, and I finished the game quite quickly and felt humans to be veery slow and goo to be enjoyable.So after rambling this much, is it a good game? as some one lastly played red alert 3(which I did not enjoyed - well, enjoyed it a little maybe) as a rts, yes it is. but it is an abandoned game,  it is an underrated game, it is a game that has so many flaws that you will want to pull your hair out, but you might want to play again and again in the end if you find this game in sale buy it, it's a good game to play and a good game to spend time."
76561198018938333,Not Recommended,290790,33572256,Posted: 15 July,all,nospam,"The first few hours was great fun. Now it crashes every time at the same point, just before starting the Crash Site mission. It hangs in the intro, just before the level starts. No way to get around. I wouldn't buy until this is solved..."
76561197970538611,Recommended,290790,18714101,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Westenra,"Fantastic RTS. Three short (but sweet) old-school campaigns, three unique races (four if you count the Shroud), and a storyline that doesn't insult your intelligence. And that music! Solid art design all around. Speaking of which, the cutscenes deserve special mention. They were done by the same people who did the CGI for the Lord of the Rings movies, and it shows. They are easily the most beautifully rendered cutscenes I have ever seen. I also liked the South African dialect the Beta use. We need more exotic voices in games.Enough hyperbole. If you are into AI skirmishing, look elsewhere. The difficulty in these matches is more or less bugged; there are ten (!) or so difficulties to choose from, and even on the easiest the computer will likely steamroll into your base in the span of minutes... or sit completely idle. I dunno if they ever fixed it or not, but I'm not enough of a masochist to check.9/10, would defend base with a tactical-nuclear hovercraft full of South Africans again."
76561198265114259,Recommended,290790,29195640,Posted: 11 January,all,Ajnfl11,"A great, classic RTS. The multiplayer is a little empty, but my overall experience is a good one."
76561198138197602,Not Recommended,290790,33377649,Posted: 8 July,all,Benjamin,"Falls short regarding content ingame. Save yourself the time and money by not buying this game. I thought despite the negative reviews I would give it a chance and it really did not work out. Gets boring very, very quickly."
76561198272012403,Recommended,290790,29311193,Posted: 16 January,all,Ryzen_7x,Very good game would give 8 grey goo out of 10 !
76561198095798122,Recommended,290790,14366685,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,[PCC] Rolando Cubela,"This is the game i've been waiting for, a RTS that's slow and about macro, not about micro.. The story is brilliant and the gameplay is really fun. The beta is a more standard faction, they can expand very easily and are focused on mechs. The humans are very futuristic. They are very compact and are all robots. They can mine from all over the map but they cannot expand their base that far. The goo can go anywhere. The mother goos are the baracks, headquaters and the miners. They are very mobile but the units are less durable than the other factions. I am really enjoying this game so far and i reccomend it to anyone who play the old command & conquer game.Now they've added a 4th faction, the 'silent ones' as they're called in the campaign. They are similar to the humans in that they can build anywhere on the map.. They use resources in a different way.. They dont use x resources every secound for 30 sec but you pay the up front price for the buildings and units, meaning you cannot queue units.. I've been enjoying the game but i was hoping for a campaign explaining the 'silent one's' story.. Still cannot complain as it's a free DLC!This is a great game but it does suffer from some problems.. for example the performance is poor, very poor.. But would buy if it's on sale.."
,Recommended,290790,14320117,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,DragoFire,"different from your normal standard RTS, third faction adds a completely different playstyle."
,Recommended,290790,15391683,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,01wolff,"This is a great game. Recomend you fight the CPU a few times to figure out the build options though. The graphics will make you go ""Wow""."
76561198103048683,Recommended,290790,15785025,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,ABC,Need's a sale but quite fun
76561198035808566,Not Recommended,290790,14705450,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Gweaze,"Positive-------------+Cutscenes+Grey Goo faction is pretty interestingNegative--------------Shallow APM friendly strategic gameplay-4 Players max (no 3v3,4v4)-Lack of maps (3 2v2 maps in total)-Multiplayer is dead-Short 15 mission campaign with little replay valueDont buy this for multiplayer."
76561198057102418,Recommended,290790,15564408,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,jwluvsjesus,"This game is a stunner. The classic RTS mechanics combined with that old time feel and narrowed maps almost garuantees you a good time thru every replay. The Goo itself is by far the toughest faction to play, as the Beta are the easiest.  This game rates 5 stars in my opinion. Good job guys looking forward to seeing what you do with Dreadnaught. I would add that I see potential for expansion packs and sequels."
76561197960468354,Recommended,290790,17258587,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,tr3buchet,pretty good game. I hate playing as the goo though. All in all I'd only recommend it if you definitely like strategy games.
,Recommended,290790,16804374,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Darkness,best game ive found on steam yet!
,Recommended,290790,16872721,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,blacksheep,"Wonderful. Harks back to the golden single-player era of old, with the video cutscenes for mission briefings. Great game, money well spent."
76561198212702075,Recommended,290790,18520622,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,jamespapenhausen,very impressive game! get it while its on sale!
76561198013462088,Recommended,290790,18981205,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Ixyst,"Eh, if you want a balanced multiplayer, just go play something else.Like SC2.Edit: After thinking about it, i can't in good conscience give this game a negative review. I've put enough hours into it and had some good fun with it.With all the hours put into it i can honestly say it is a good game. It is fun. Even the multiplayer is fun. Still, i came into this game expecting a competitive, balanced multiplayer experience.It didnt deliver.Though the devs keep working on it very slowly, i can only say that if you want a better balanced multiplayer RTS there are others out there.Like SC2."
,Recommended,290790,18550301,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Propanda,"Fun old school style RTS, less Company of Heros more supreme commander 1 with nicely rendered cutscenes and a reasonable story. Multiplayer also has huge potential for learning and depth."
,Recommended,290790,18519318,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,White Glint,"now i have only finished 1 of the campaigns by this point and this is an early review.this game holds up as a Goldren rts era styled game. i would definetely recommend this game for 15$ or so. 20$ would be the limit though. to me personally it feels a little slow paced. and took me about 30-40 minutes to play through each campaign mission. thats not bad overall but the missions began to drag later on. i am yet to play skirmishes but the rock paper scissors unit styles seem to work nicely with no units being overpowered.TLDR- great golden era styled rts. solid gameplay, could be better. 8/10"
,Recommended,290790,18525377,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,yrbs,C&C and Starcraft have a baby it's Grey Goo buy this game.
76561198025876322,Recommended,290790,18620910,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Hogen_,review good yes
,Recommended,290790,24635127,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,SPOliJING,"An amazing game <3, no players ;("
,Recommended,290790,22471835,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,jagdishmshenoy,Awesome Game. Challenging but fun. Forces you to learn quickly and manage multiple battlefronts at the same time along with resource management. Units are very interesting and fun to play with. Units are nicely balanced.
76561198130105002,Recommended,290790,22216267,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Siki,"After 10 minutes of starting the game, i fell in love with it... Classic RTS"
76561198121203990,Recommended,290790,19154814,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,arschy,"My gratitude towards this game has no limit. For so long have I dreamed, and finally this game made my dream of covering vast ( even copious ) amounts of robots and aliens in my Goo."
76561197974191072,Recommended,290790,16786329,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Dozzer,"Grey goo is a standard strategy game  3 factions Beta, Humans and Goo . Single player campaign is short and sweet the main characters  that introduce each  mission are beautifully rendered the Human character looks almost real.I am still working through it as the  missions as quite well put together and do pull you back to play a harder setting.I have 2 gripes so far the UI is not very good it has 3 sections for heavy light and air unit but each section has all the units,  all it does is highlight the units , seem like a waste of space. Also especially in the Human campaign I found the buildings a little confusing as they look quite simular several times I have placed a tank factory instead of a turret , they are not very good a destroying the enemy.Finally I think the tutorial leave big gaps which can leave you scratch your head as to why that has not worked eg tank factories need to be next the main factory which is clear in the Beta campaign as the are self contained units but the human campaign the factories are linked by conduits so logically you can put them anywhere .Anyway it is still an enjoyable game just don't pay full price  and wash your hands after playing as the Goo gets everywhere."
,Recommended,290790,29135024,Posted: 8 January,all,Dux,"It's great to see a new take on RTS as the genre hasn't seen much action other than Star Craft in recent years. The game doesnt really do much different other than the exisence of new races, such as the goo. The cinematics and story are AAA level and definitly satisfies the itch that hasn't had much attention from mainstream developers."
76561198022241634,Recommended,290790,17266821,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Gozzle,"Nice old school type RTS, with the interesting addition of the Grey Goo - they feel like a very unique faction."
,Not Recommended,290790,14271327,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Giger,"This game definitely has potentional, it has a good story, decent factions with a great variety of gamplay between them.I think there's a quite a bit of work still before this becomes a ""good game"".Grey Goo is hands down the easiest to expand and pressure with.  They're easy to play, highly adaptive and flexible to any challenges.  SUre they are balanced by being weaker and what not.The humands, are stuck to bloody ""telephone lines"", embedded into the ground, and just for fun, they can't pass over passable land where you cannot build, such as under tree cover or on ramps.You more often then not find yourself not albe to expand in any direction and choke out on resources as the other two factions, almost effortless, spread out to all the richesBeta, the easiest faction by far to play, is a rapid xpanding, mobile defense only faction with underwhelming units and an emphatic dependence on walls.I'd like to see Grey Goo a bit more imobile, particularly the bigger ones, and should be much slower to move around.Humans should be able to guild on any passable terrain, that's just redonk.  and the powerlines need to not be stuck to the same angle; It's like laying dominos to get around corners, and just hope your base isnt surround by cover (can't expand through them)and Betas are probably the most balance of them all."
,Not Recommended,290790,18520528,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,B|BStorm,"I found it boring. Units died really fast so the combat wasn't too spectacular to watch, forests were untouchable deathtraps and the Goo faction felt overpowered and simple. All the game ending 'super' units were basically just large artillery units. It did feel really polished and the designs of the units and factions were cool. Unfortunately I didn't think there were enough units, there basically just seemed to be one for every essential role (Anti-infantry, anti-armor, anti-air, artillery and air). The Beta characters in the campaign were really well designed and had personality. I honestly really wanted to  like it but the gameplay just seems very basic to me. Maybe its just not my kind of game but I recommend that if you decide to buy it, remember to give it a thorough once over before your refund timer runs out."
,Not Recommended,290790,18451443,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Keppekishou,"(Alpha review) Multiplayer is just about dead, there's very few people online (under 100 people a day online according to steam) and if you happen to connect to one you will experience severe stuttering and lag issues making it unplayable until the point you disconnect. Additionally both singleplayer and multiplayer have stuttering (units freezing/catchup) when my systems fps is over 60 and cpu isn't hitting max (perhaps a code issue).It's an alpha game while the gameplay is fun it's overally not worth $50 at this point; the multiplayer is unplayable I personally would only spend $15-20."
,Not Recommended,290790,18585479,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,frosty,"The campaign for this game is really well done. The hotkey system is nice. The biggest fault of this game is the poor matchmaking due to a small population.I love playing multiplayer when I get an even matchup, but most of the time that is not the case. Constantly getting matched with top 25 players when I am around 200 level is very frustrating. This alone will turn away a lot of new players, further hurting the population. I wish there was a way to restrict matches to within 50 places on the ladder.I bought the game over the weekend when it was 60% off, which I do recommend, but don't pay full price unless you are exceptionally good at RTS games."
76561198026913459,Not Recommended,290790,14253105,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,troublmaker,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqGrXfLB8YoOn day one release I went into multiplayer and to my surprise, no one was playing multiplayer, at all.  I went to the forums to find out the game is Region Locked and the only region that has a real population is the California, Chicago, New York City, and London.  So I could choose to trade my speedy download speed on Steam to temporarily be able to play multiplayer.  It's one of those bone head launches.  Why would anyone think launching a region locked multiplayer game was a great idea?So after changing my region to the US I found that if I waited for 25-30 minutes I could find a game.  Not optimal, but it's there.  Unfortunately it seems that the population has basically abandoned the game already and finding a game and you'll spend more time finding a game than you will playing the game since everyone uses some form of range cheese to win.  All the units of the game are hard counters to some other unit so if you guess wrong as to what unit to build, you lose.  The scouting unit of the game is air tech meaning if you unlock the ability to scout, you will lose to an artillery rush.So if you're buying the game, it will just be for the campaign.  Some people will say the campaign takes 15 hours.  That's hobblegosh.  If you are STRUGGLING on the campaign it will take 15 hours.  But a solid hard difficulty plathrough of the game will take no more than 9 hours total.  It is a 15-mission campaign.There are three factions.  The Alpha are sort of like the Protoss (except the alpha are humans).  The Beta are kind of like the Terrans (except they're aliens).  And then you have the Goo which are a unique faction that will multiply in a rather unusual manner.  Add in a bit of C&C charm and you have a solid RTS game.The game has a lot of really minor problems that are easy enough to fix, but shouldn't have been there are launch.  Pathfinding is really weird.  If you click a flying unit to a location it won't go the fastest path.  Instead it'll just to loop around the map to that location.  No unit chooses the shortest path.  It's all very weird.  AA and artillery units will always run ahead of your army.  This can be compared to something like Starcraft 2 where speed primarily decides what is in front.  But the ""move at lowest speed setting"" always does a weird shuffle on the units.Also get used to hearing about your buildings be under attack... over and over and over and over.  Every single time anything hits one of your buildings instead of pinging the damage on the map (like every other RTS) it will tell you in a clear voice what's being attacked.  So if you are being attacked at five sites on different targets then you'll get overlapping voice messages that will drive you insane.  Certain campaign missions are especially terrible for this as it is a constant stream of Goo forces attacking you.But it's a solid RTS game with no population.  The campaign is a short experience in which the story telling elements are exceptionally short.  On top of that some of the maps are poorly optimized.  Maps featuring high numbers of units will feature gameplay lag that will not be fixed from lowering your settings.It's rather unfortunate that this game had such a poor launch otherwise it could have become the next Company of Heroes or Men of War.  But, like most scifi RTS games, the population fizzled out very quickly."
76561198096307005,Recommended,290790,23405264,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Ninjaz csgolive.com,Realy grat i love this game and its better than starcraft
76561198053515346,Not Recommended,290790,14306031,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,KawaiiSamurai,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ game won't even launch... Tried everything enough.... I'm done. ""DOWNLOAD CORRUPT"" it says and stops laucher. FRAUD. Want my money back...!"
76561197978857134,Not Recommended,290790,14284882,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Ishantil,"Well, this game seemed pretty good.  Then I played it for a while.The balance of the game is awful.  As soon as I started building walls, the enemy AI had units that outranged all of my guys.  So if my walls don't do anything, what's the point of having them?  Also the micro and and the interface are clunky.  So it was frustrating trying to do things with the game.  Not nearly as intuitive as CnC or Starcraft.  Constant harrassment from the AI in every larger groups without any change to do anything or explore makes the same a constant pain to play.Kind of want a refund."
,Not Recommended,290790,14306193,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Tehbeardedgamer,"I dont really feel this game brings anything to the table, It feels lIke  C&C mixed with WarHammer 40k. 10/10 would not recommend.There is game lag, it isnt my system. Slow Paced, does not capture the attention of the player."
,Not Recommended,290790,14356370,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,RabidRick,"Until the horrible disconnects are fixed, I'd stay away from this game. Go have a look at their forums if you want to read more about it. After submitting a report to them they gave me a silly canned response that's a very clear indication that they didn't even read the submitted report.Save your money for Homeworld for now."
,Not Recommended,290790,18542772,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Lazaerus/Syd,Plays almost exactly like supreme commander and total annihilation... It's an alright game but I definitely wouldn't purchase at full price.
76561198006633846,Not Recommended,290790,24118229,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ATB,no one plays this game you may get a game with in 2 hours if lucky don't by it waste of money
76561198022416165,Not Recommended,290790,14489876,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Skhan,Good RTS. First time I've seen an original idea for one of the races in a while. I can't recommend this game until 8 player matches are support. The original starcraft on AoE had 8 player matches. smh. I had so much hope.
76561197995874167,Not Recommended,290790,17439966,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Sudain,I like the premise and it's a throwback to StarCraft: Broodwar which is nice.  But it lacks polish and the controls are un-responsive.  I can't reccomend it.  :(
,Not Recommended,290790,18501145,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Zoolie,"Unfortunately underwhelming. It's solid enough and plays ok. I liked the asymmertric team design but ultimately there wasn't enough variety or character to keep me hooked. For those looking for a nice, up to date, RTS I'd recommend Act of Aggression instead."
76561198005866421,Not Recommended,290790,14479914,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Davidklk,"Standard old style C&C game, no surprises, nothing special, but well made for what it is.Would be recommended at less than half the price, but gaming has moved on since the 90's and for such a premium price I expect a product thats more than this incredibly bland, but polished, rts."
,Not Recommended,290790,14293218,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Elite,"I'm currently in the process of trying to get a refund for this game, and here's a list of why.-THE MAIN MENU LAGS-The campaign lags (cutscenes too)-Skirmish lags-Online Lags at like 50/200 unit cap, and don't forget those fun random disconnections, if you can get a game that is.-EVERYTHING LAGS-The campaign, to me, is stupidly hard and unenjoyable.-The Skirmish AI, even on hard, might as well be a monkey randomly pressing keys. Seriously, the skirmish AI is just stupid.-There are maps in the RANKED 1v1 ladder that are blantantly broken, and to top it off, there are only about 8 to begin with.-Currently only 2v2 is avaliable.I just can't recommend this game in it's current state, especially for 50$. Wait for a patch or price drop. DO NOT buy this game right now, it's just not worth it."
,Not Recommended,290790,21219554,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Ikarrus,"Grey Goo seems okay, and it can be fun, but the campaign is awful and their storytelling is pretty bad*THINGS* are happening all the time and there are characters who look like they are doing something, but it gives me no idea who these people are and why I should even care. The pacing is constantly set on BALLS-TO-THE-WALLS mode and doesn't give you any breathing room at all.This is echoed by the campaign's level design as well with enemies constantly attacking you from every angle, every mission, and basically requires you to have quick reflexes non-stop. I've played through the first 5 missions and so far there have been very little variety --Each mission played just like the last.It's a shame because they clearly spent a lot of time on the fully rendered cutscenes between each mission but they add absolutely nothing to the game at all. Every one of them left me confused and thinking ""That's it? Why even bother?"". It's such a tremendous waste of time and effort.The last straw was the game crashing when I tried to save. I couldn't muster up the motivation to continue playing since."
,Not Recommended,290790,20939379,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Classix,"I really really want to like this game....I just can't. I came from a very strong background of playing Age of Empires 2 and C&C Generals at a highly ranked level. I love the RTS Genre. This game.....it's just not that good. Had such high hopes for this game and Tryst, and both have disappointed me to the point of not wanting to try to play anymore RTS games. I have not sunk massive amounts of time into this game, however I should want to play a game that when I purchased it cost $50. I just can not. I have no strive to play this game. Nothing about it is unique or interesting. Honestly if I had to mostly compare it to a game, it would be Dune The Battle of Arrakis for Sega Genesis (which is a game that I loved as a kid). However this game really fails to improve on anything. There is nothing that sets it apart from every other RTS out there. I just simply can not support this game as much as I really really want to."
,Not Recommended,290790,14806400,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Kurylneko,3casual broken meta
76561197965972621,Not Recommended,290790,14362805,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Shake Shifter,"Although this game is very reminicent of C&C and I do find myself enjoying it about 4 hours into the game I have to say I would not reccomend it at this point.  The reason being:It Crashes Constantly!!!And to boot the crash report upload process can take anywhere from 5-20 minutes, at which point you're unable to re-load the game until it finishes uploading!Grey Goo if you're gonna release with so many crash issues you should have an auto-save option to at least soften the blow everytime the client crashes.  At least then I wouldn't have to replay the same mission over and over again from the start!  I'm only on the 3rd mission and I've probably gone through 5 or 6 game client crashes.  I have the latest video drivers, the latest window updates, and I'm not running a POS system...This game shows promise but I'd wait a month or two before buying it after the bugs have been worked out and the price comes down."
,Not Recommended,290790,14487578,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Legion Lex,"FPS this is a big problem of the game, who do not have powerful enough computers - don't buy!"
76561198030175889,Not Recommended,290790,31699067,Posted: 12 May,all,Arnold Shootzanigga,"Game felt good early on, was never able to play online and there wasn't enough factions.  Not a good RTS"
,Not Recommended,290790,14476584,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Chrisdaman417,I miss the money I spent of this game. NO TUTORIALS. Boring story. slow multiplayer.
,Recommended,290790,14980209,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Shootergod(GM),Another pricey good RTS game :) nicely done and equipped with superb campaign! Highly recommended!
76561198010774618,Not Recommended,290790,15598688,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Wojossepi,"Sorry to have to down rate this game due to fact that production of everything is so slow, if the game was more fast paced it would be more enjoyable in my opinion. Also that I find annoying is that to build defense turrets you have to build a combination of buildings together to produce them which makes it hard to properly defend your base in the beginning of given map. Other than that, the game looks really nice; alot of time went in to make it look good. I just wish they spent more time on the mechanics."
76561197998378000,Not Recommended,290790,16382437,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,tobozo,"30mn playing a fun campaign, then the game crashes and manages to fill my system SSD partition to 90% with a useless crash dump, freezes my desktop and forces meI to reboot.Of course the progress was not saved (what are those 'save campaign' slots for ?).It's too bad this game is not stable, and it's worse that it's not even fault-tolerant, even the worst games from Origin are resilient about this.Even if the game plays smoothly, it doesn't cover the frustration of trading 30mn of progress upon a hard disk fill."
,Not Recommended,290790,15632954,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Galamaoude,"Good game, but it's not finished. Too many bugs, saving problems, no progressive difficulty... This game was made by the C&C creators, but it's not as good."
76561198003606363,Not Recommended,290790,15765924,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,EffUrDayUp,This game was a waste of money. MAYBE worth it if it was $10. I spent $50 and can't even play. There are major issues with FPS when♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan. I have a high end gaming desktop and there is no reason my game should lag. Waited for patches to fix the frame rate issue and they never came. The game itself is OK. nothing special. would avoid until it comes down in price BIG time.
,Not Recommended,290790,16380779,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Difference Maker,Halo Wars has more to it.
,Not Recommended,290790,16950652,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,SuperMcAwesome™,"Ok to simplify why I this game isn't worth it I made a list of reasons...-Not enough content for 49.99-Skirmish AI are terrible-Campaign is all over the place-No imersion-No change in gamplay through out the game (I found myself doing the same stuff I was doing 30 minutes ago)-Battles are too long due to bad balancing of units and damage-In-game camera pan controls are terrible (I was hoping for Civilization Camera control but instead got something else)This is just my opinion, if you like crappy keyboard controls and terrible AI than this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,290790,16380801,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,HepatitisMe,Literally worse then halo wars...
76561198032006515,Not Recommended,290790,16874023,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Lone Wolph,"Simply put it's just boring. The three races don't stand out from each other. I didn't play long, but long enough to see it was a waste of money, even though I got it on a big sale.The races are extremely boring, the units are boring. They didn't appear much different from each other, it feels like clones of the same unit, just with a different model and different firing rate. Sound effects are bad. Story put me to sleep. It was nice to see another RTS come out, but wow. Go back to something like Dawn of War or Command and Conquer"
76561198035949282,Not Recommended,290790,17359595,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,CardinalReason,"I don't usually reveiw games, but I felt obligated to to protect RTS fans from dropping $50 on the boring that is Grey Goo.  My problem with this game, in a nutshell. is the blandness.  For example, there aren't particularly few units; it's just that the units the game has all feel very generic and similar.  The beta all have walkers with guns.  The goo have spiders or blobs that fire blobs.  The humans have hover drones with guns (a couple lasers).  And the units feel very similar not jsut in appearance, but in gameplay.  It doesn't seem to make much of a difference whether I build a few tanks or mroe smaller units; they all move slowly and kill the enemy slowly.  Also, the AI is terrible.  On the hardest difficult, it's almost no challenge at all with even teams, and even with uneven teams it's not too difficult.  The campaign is bland and uninteresting, much like the units and the world.  The game has nice graphics, runs smoothly, and has polish.  But it has no character.  It's supposed to harken back to the golden age of RTS, but it's just so bland.  Command & Conquer (in its various incarnations) always had flaws, but it had plenty of character.  There were flamethrowers, machineguns, shotguns, lasers, cannons, artillery, missiles, superweapons, and unique factions.  Every unit felt cool, and varied greatly in appearance, function, speed, damage, damage type, armor, etc.  Every unit looked was unique.  Grey Goo is jsut a pile of similar units doing similar things, and if you have more units, you win.  There's only one resource that has basically no explanation or interest.  There's really no reason to come back and paly thsi game more than a few times, because every match feels exactly the same.  Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,290790,18532212,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Casleau,Slow and boring. Definitely not worth full price. An awesome concept dragged down by poor game design and little variety between the non-Goo races.
76561197996677781,Not Recommended,290790,18555589,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,troy1191,"This free-play weekend was a god-send because the game runs terribly. I have an alienware and it constantly stutters and has graphical corruption despite altering a lot of settings to get it to just run at all. Anytime I Alt-tab the game jams up my computer and won't play requiring a force restart, this also happens occasionally when video clips come up. I can't say anything about gameplay honestly but from a technical perspective I can't recommend this game."
76561197982567490,Not Recommended,290790,18738631,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Nathaniel Prime,"The creators of this game were too obsessively focused on balance. This is a strategy game where all three sides are balanced, but only because their units are barely any different at all. Don't play it for the plot either, there's not a lot going on in the story department here."
76561198013164933,Not Recommended,290790,14396932,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,lopezcarlos24,Campaign was incredibly unbalanced where some factions were very easy and others mind numbingly difficult and tedious.
,Not Recommended,290790,14462206,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Luna Prey,"The game suffers from a severe lack of complexity. All factions have basicly the same types of units, and it's a game of rock paper scisors."
76561197991342127,Not Recommended,290790,21946830,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,ZanderCruz08,Terrible RTS game. Every skirmish I've played has glitched. Structures have to be clumped. AI builds too fast. Simply isnt fun.
,Not Recommended,290790,18852600,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Shadygraves,"It started out good.. first got the game... seemed good, graphics are nice, music is good... interesting concept when it comes to base building...  There is zero multiplayer base... and even if there were, you can only do 2v2 max... balance is horrible. only tiny maps.. Playing against the AI is horrible; Its decision making is just stupid even on hardest with cheating. Enjoyed the learning curve in the beginning, but once you learn the build order and how it works... meh...So yes.. 9 hours total played time and I am now uninstalling the game. Shame I paid $50 for it :( They released a game before it was really ready and hoped to get it done in production."
,Not Recommended,290790,18557218,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,hahabst1025,"just finish the story in few minutes, feel a bit dissapointed about the endchampegn is linear ,  units action act great in mostly funbut object and map trigger just like a game build in 19xxnothing you can destroy or force attack,i still remember how i cut the brigde down in RA2 and TSi still like to drop the units into ocean or riveri still want to see thunder and lightening strike my airplanes and basethis game cost my full price to buy, but can't be over the RTS game when i played for 20 years ago"
76561197961460963,Recommended,290790,14160343,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,malos,"Great game, runs fine no issues.return to the original perfected rts genre.wish the campaign was a bit longer but skirmish and online is fun.very recomended."
,Recommended,290790,20081163,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Gabber,Worst part of this game - alien race. It sucks big time.. Grab on sale only
76561198008122496,Not Recommended,290790,16447482,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Da Qookie,"I read that Grey Goo would bring back the emotion and feeling of older rts games. As i'm a big fan of C&C I waited till it was on sale and bought it. Firts off: For the graphics options I chose, the graphics I saw and the pc I own the FPS were far too low. But who cares, I thought...the game itself is quite fun, I think, somehow. However it takes decades to load a campaign mission and after the game tried to screw with me by telling me to ""click here to start"" and then not doing anything I decided this is going back to were it belongs.tl;dr: Nice game if you have 2 much moneyz, otherwise go play C&C"
76561197971259829,Not Recommended,290790,24348546,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Niko,Good attempt but gameplay is average.
76561197976541858,Recommended,290790,24397212,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,TheDhalism,Fantastic RTS for people who are too old to maintain 200 apm in StarCraft II.
76561197973923179,Recommended,290790,19234047,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Forzzan,I think this is a great game and when it comes on sale Ill buy it for sure.
76561198145899656,Recommended,290790,15552238,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Arenchac,Yus.
,Recommended,290790,15292951,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,𝓂𝒾𝓈𝓉𝒶𝓀𝑒𝓈,the multiplayer is awesome
,Recommended,290790,15143161,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Mr Noodles,So Gooy
76561198037931974,Not Recommended,290790,16758091,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Tokay,"HelloAfter i played the Empire Earth and Age of empire Series back in the day i was happy to see something Original but the experience is not that great for me at least.So let me start with a rating of some sortGameplay (7/10)Story (6/10)Multiplayer (4/10)Singleplayer (8/10)I think im gonna start to describe my rating.The Gameplay is very solid and quite fun at the beginning but after a while it gets very repetitive and boring.The Problem is there are quite a lot of Maps in the Game and you can create and downloade new ones via Steamshop but all the maps are basically the same the only diiffrence been the postion of the resources and your Spawn point but it feels quite same.The Story is amazing and thats a really good thing not a lot of Strategy Games kick out such a Story.So why did i put it on a low rating well the problem is after you get trough the normal Story and you have a lot of questions open they want you to buy a DLC to complete the Story.Well i really like DLC thats why i try to buy them all in some cases like in Borderlands 1,2.In Borderlands you can play the main Story and understand it without buying the DLCs.The DLCs in Borderlands are only like a a tip of the iceberg they tell a whole diffrent Story.Well Multiplayer.In Age of Empire and Empire Earth you could actuelly gather your friends and play with them quite a while and you could do that with like 4v4 or even more and the game sessions are even (well sometimes) very long.Thats a goo thing buuut that game doesnt have thatIn Multiyplayer you can only play 1v1 or 2v2 in 1v1 you have the problem that the most games are over after like 5-8 min because in this game its not that they want you to win with a long good strategy they want you to win as fast as you can ""Speedruns"" so most people i saw and i even tried it myself.You Take Goo as Race and well you rush and destroy because the goo gets an extra bonus on resources when he gets to one you can acctuelly run between two of those and get a bonus of resources so after you get a few which takes like 2 min or less you gather your units and destroy the enemy because only 2 min pass he hasnt build pretty much anything.In 2v2 well thats acctuelly pretty fun.There you can gather your friends and play together which is really fun but its only 2v2 and when you have more then 3 friends xD you cant really play with all of them which i really hate.The Singleplayer is really fun well for a while at least because the NPC doesnt really do the ""Rush"" thing(even when u put him on difficult) its really fun to play against them but only for like 2 hours then it gets pretty boring because the maps i kinda the same and the NPC(even on difficult) is not that hard to kill.You can play with one friend 2v2 against so 2Friends vs 2NPC but its pretty much the same even when you play with 3 people so 2Friends vs 1Friends1NPCthe Friend with the NPC is pretty much screwd because the NPC(on difficult) is very bad.So i wouldnt recommand this game to Casual Strategy game player like i am but if you are a ""Try hard"" and its not boring for you to ""SpeedRun"" and use basically one or two tactics to kill every enemy then this is the game for you."
76561198002942681,Recommended,290790,18511253,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,EXIA,its a ok RTS game with 3 team and a hand full units
76561198241299566,Recommended,290790,23613460,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,蓝瘦 睡不勺,Who wan play 2vs2I not so proI just wan play if player
76561198056800385,Not Recommended,290790,16732684,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,谁明浪子心,Cannot play on 1920x1080 resolution for me.Poor map customization.Mechanic is weird.Unit is imbalance.
76561198034359392,Not Recommended,290790,18711305,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,-=WilD=-,"The game looks great on screenshots and videos, but in reallity they failed to show you some of the major issues of the game.1. The units in the game are of poor design, poor animations, and poor feeling to them.There are no physics in the game, and dead untis not even stay on the battlefield, they just dissapier in a puff.2. The devs charge you for obvious updates, they call it a DLC, when its obviously was part of the original design,and unless you buy it, your game experience will suffer"
,Recommended,290790,24120728,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Death Sektor,"This game is amazing! One of my favorite RTS game, the grey goo is very intresting while the Beta and Humans look boring they are both very fun to use.(I had no technical issues and I have my graphics on max but I use a semi beefy laptop, my theory is that people forgot to turn off antialiasing as it is on to start with)This list below is for the game in general.Pros:Very funGood multiplayerThe Goo can eat people.Two Goos can team upVery intresting story, the campaign has me hooked!The gameplay mechanics and upgrades are very in depth.The Goo isnt as simple as it looks which makes me very happy (all be it I suck at Grey Goo)Cons:The Goo doesnt look and act like snot...The hud is very big but I did manage to deal with it and you get used to it.GOO RUSH!!!!The pro/con list below is for the Beta race.Pros:In my opinion this is the starting race for newer players.I like the story line of the BetaBEST QOUTE EVER (if im not getting confused with my qoutes) ""Today we dont run from our enimies, they run from us.""Can put defenses anywhere.Cons:None really as they are the middle grounds when it comes to racesI reccomend starting with Beta.The pro/con list below is for Humans.Pros:'MURICAVery technolgically advancedVery cool troopsJust cool in generalM.U.MCons:Not very offensiveThe pro/con list below is for Grey Goo.Pros:A twist to the gameWhat the game is based aroundOffensiveVery mobileAnd can ""adapt"" according to the websiteCons:No defensive formsTakes some time to get resourcesTo get alot of resources you have to spread all across the mapDLC:(Note I have not played the campaign yet and will simply be reviewing the race in general I will not be reviewing gameplay but I may edit my review later on)Pros:FREAKING AWESOME!The noises the troops make remind me alot of a Predator from the movie of the same name (I highly suggest you watch the movie)The troops remind me of Protoss from SC2The troops can take a some hits.Very unique buildings.Do alot of damage and can take alot.Cons:No wallsBuild timesThat concludes my very in depth review of Grey Goo I would buy this if you love the Real Time Strategy games genre."
76561198024004499,Not Recommended,290790,16663978,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Basement Warrior,"I jsut dont get all the great positive reviews.  I love RTS games but this one.....wow even for the 20 bucks i paid for it i feel ripped off. I cant imagine what people that paid 50 bucks feel like.You ever buy a game play it like 1 time and your jsut like... ""Ehhh whatever""  and you never load it up agian beacause its just not fun?  well thats this game in a nutshell, its so bland, plain and un inspired. After a few good hours of play you will  learn all 3 races have pretty much the same units just with diff game art and bulding methods.Do you want to try and build unit A faster than your opponent? Do you want do the same exact thing in eveyr match as far as build order?  Do you want an RTS where there is no Backdooring, no rushing, no tech rushing, no strategy of any kind other than who can click the factories and make orders faster than the other guy? then this game is for you.In short the game blows for the price even at 20 bucks just pass over this game and buy something else I beg you.The online community is dead all you can get is 1on1 matches there is no one for 2v2 matches and that is the max you can do.What a waste of cash im gunna load this game onto a burnable CD jsut so i can♥♥♥♥♥♥on it."
76561198032052320,Not Recommended,290790,24223102,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,waligo,Like for smartphone.For pc must be something more.
,Recommended,290790,14393587,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Roboute Guilliman,"I like the game a lot, it's simple it has promise and it's semi-well built.however I have a few gripes.Campaign is rediculously short, underwhelming and sequel baiting (I seriously consider this game nothing more than a long and uneccessary prelude) the characters are underdeveloped but they act dry and make pathetic attempts at eliciting emotions from us. it acts bigger than it really is and just doesn't offer any kind of commitment.This could be fixed if it had some form of codex or written backstory for all the factions, but I found it to be wanting and yearning to be more. the story is so short that it'd be the freaking condensed prelude at the start of a book, no more than two pages long. There's no Lore no real level of emotion, it's as if this was written by a cookie cutter form and filled in with bold letters.The Game has bugs, I encountered over thirty eight bugs in the first mission alone. Granted I and several other people did real QA kind of work. We went through every mission sixteen times and found weird bugs and simple scripting errors. My favorite was the bug which allowed us to just park invisible units at one spot, save the game and load it up, the enemy would spawn in the same exact spot every time, never fire a shot and die. we did this to the last level ""Apature"" where we had to defend the conduits, we went down the entire 5 minutes without loosing a single unit, we even moved a mother goo away from one of the conduits to eliminate the countdown and let it run for an hour, one conduit had a purger doing nothing just 3ft away from some spawned in enemies, the middle conduit was clear of any enemies and the right conduit was just stocked with twenty radiants blowing away idle enemies.The MP is barren, that's never a good sign. wether by bad balance, bugs or just lack of player base. loosing MP so close to the launch is a horrible sign.I want this game to be sucessful, it shows promise. but at the rate this is going, and the lack of advertisment. the game is already ground to a hault.truth is....it's nothing new, the same old thing just in a different skin. if it had some kind of new mechanic or something along the lines of EaW Galaxy map then it'd be exceedingly enduring in the replayability. right now all it's got is a cheap half ♥♥♥♥♥ campaign and skirmish mode.....thats it. hell UAW was more unique than this game, and I seriously want a sequel to that game than have this.but the game is worth getting, there's no doubt about that, it's a solid RTS with good balance and unique gameplay styles for each faction."
76561198076086923,Recommended,290790,16858305,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Ecthelon,"A truly excellent game, solid all around.The balance is excellent, constantly making you reconsider what the 'best' faction/tactic is, keeping the gameplay fluid and intense.The story is interesting and very cool, as are the very well made cutscenes.The entire game feels well polished and filled with effort, shown in the developers care in the story and campaign.Challenging in places but easy to learn over time, once you get the hang of the slow but important early game and expansion.Great fun and sadly underated. I would recommend this to all!EDIT 1st of Feb 2016:Free stuff? FREE STUFF??? WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"
,Recommended,290790,18531826,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Draktok,
76561198146528338,Not Recommended,290790,34151184,Posted: 10 August,all,DecafTurnip,"Its a pretty good game, but no one plays it online anymore"
76561198084165913,Not Recommended,290790,14865539,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Bandy,"Not good at all, i purchased this game only because sentimental connection with C&C and westwood.I dont like this game, game is too expensiveAnd for other people like me you can buy this game on♥♥♥♥♥for 22$ :@Fooled me once but there is no next time!"
,Not Recommended,290790,14273298,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,8eerme,Kind of boring and all you do is zerg everything. tried to like it but just can't
76561198347605543,Not Recommended,290790,29581384,Posted: 30 January,all,greganderson1,this is rubbish
,Not Recommended,290790,14170356,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Xicsess,"Not a huge fan.  While I see what the game was going for, I'm just not enjoying the campaign, the story, or the gameplay.Playing against Humans (AI) Hasn't been incredibly challenging provided I can use arty or bombers to destroy power lines.  Against the goo, the AI is fiendishly difficult since the 'mother goo's' are all perfectly synchranized as they move from resource to resource.That aside, my undectible scouts are found 9/10 times while moving forward of my advancing army to flush out arty.  If you don't use scouts then the enemy artillary will crush them.  If you're using artillary, the result is so so (generally enemies are moving too fast to have much effect).I've been a fan of RTS games for years (cut my teeth on warcraft).  While there's some interesting game play here, I found that I basicly don't have enough time to micro-manage my armies, resources, and claim the objective.  Generally this isn't a problem, but I find without constantly repairing turrets/walls - Either my defense or offense crumbles.Without repair units, medics, or any ability to automate - I've found the game to be just a chore of clicking the repair button (annoyingly close to the sell button FYI), and dodging artillary.5/10.  I was quasi entertained for a while but neither the mechanics, units, story, or gameplay is compelling enough for me to keep this game going.  Should have waited for the summer sale."
,Not Recommended,290790,14742518,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,cr4nkz,"Worst RTS ive ever played. Boring campaign, boring units, even the races play all the same. No tactical mechanics beside hiding under trees. This game is a massive betrayal. Dont get trapped by the intention its from old Westwood Devs, i fell for that too and all i got is -45 Euros for a game that is probably 3-5€ worth."
,Not Recommended,290790,14458165,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,lilheartless,as of 2/13/2015 i would not recommend buying this game at least not if you planned on playing it for the multiplayer...campaign 7.5/10gamplay 7/10music 8/10 although the soundtrack does get a little repetative after a whileand now the reason i am not recommending the purchase of this game9/10 multiplayer matchmaking games end with one person losing connection to the game its not only disheartening but infuriating as well waiting 3 - 5 minutes for a game during peak gaming hours only to be able to play 15 minutes into the match and then have someone disconnect almost every time is unbelievable.I'm not sure how this game a rts game (a genre with multiplayer as a primary draw) gets released onto the market with multiplayer so broken that its mostly unplayable.I really hope that they fix the multiplayer and i'll keep watching but if you wanted a rts and planned on playing mp don't buy this game.
76561198111307180,Not Recommended,290790,14455773,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,justinnew37,to start off i missed the old C&C Westwood. i was hoping to find it here. i was wrong the game does look great but this is suppose to be a stragety game... instead it who can build the most units the fastest. *best Stragety spam fractions cheapest unit and a couple artillery* always win. with the auto build feature its easier then ever. theres just no need stragitize. the only good race is the beta...humans power gird...fail. either connect the buildings or your screwed. artillery's aoe kills power lines so there usless. no point in geting uper teir units when their damage and health arent much higher but costs double. so might as well spam cheap ones end up with more damage and health... it costs to much for the rts experiance they are giving. mayby buy it when its $20.00
76561198127516716,Not Recommended,290790,14409816,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,☭ Slavic ☭,"im in new zealand and this game wont even show muliplayer matches or even put me into a quick match, whats going on? can someone help me please."
76561198033208519,Not Recommended,290790,32037506,Posted: 29 May,all,Fleshstorm,boring and hard to play would refund if i could lots of games out there better than this. just buy command and conquer 3 wayyyyyyyyyy better
76561197990773816,Not Recommended,290790,33597414,Posted: 16 July,all,nobin,"I like where the game is going, but the in-game interface is just soo horrible."
76561198005814333,Not Recommended,290790,21028152,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Exosus,"Ive been playing lots of RTS games from Warcraft 2 to Command and Conquer and maybe more since. But this game is as generic of a game I have ever played.The game has really ridiculously tidious restrictions on players for example you need to build a small hub to later build a large hub. So if you have no use for a small hub it is a waste of time/resources.. The UI has its moments with things having hot keys but its all in a small stripe on the bottom of your screen.Added to that the glitches and bugs Ive encountered it doesnt really make you too excited about this game. But most of all its just not fun to me. I love the type of game but I just dont find the races appealing, They try to be different and interesting but theres no fun and interactive differences in the ways of playing them. I mean sure the alien race plays differently but its just a reheating of the alien race of Earth 2160 which was better executed in my opinion.Your opinion may vary but I simply didnt enjoy playing this game."
76561198008595445,Not Recommended,290790,14364255,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Stoke,Total waste of money. Dont bother with this title. you will be greatly disapointed.
,Recommended,290790,14173735,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Worf,dis good game it have da goo and da goo try to eat u but u have da gun to shoot da goo
76561198044188096,Not Recommended,290790,20828472,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,ionutz1280,"As a great fan of past C&C titles going all the way back to Dune II, I had high hopes for this game. Unfortunately, I simply cannot recommend it. It's not that there is something terribly wrong with it, per se; it's more about what isn't there. And what it lacks is soul. We're talking generic units and generic gameplay forming a generic by-the-numbers RTS with no flavor or personality. Add the fact that it consistently crashed for me on the second campaign mission, and it didn't take me long to request a refund. I'm still waiting and holding out hope for another great RTS to come along, but unfortunately this wasn't it."
76561198116559157,Not Recommended,290790,14681018,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Snoop ✔,this game is good  but for £30 not good enough i personaly like the game but the graphics are bad the goo is too over powers ect if you want a game exactly like this but 10x better than look at starcraft 2 it is a much more in depth campain with many multiplayer options and a arcade where ppl make up their own minigames .so before you get this game look at STARCRAFT 2 im not promoting it but it is another strategy game which is so much better.dont waste YOUR money
76561197990526617,Recommended,290790,31966420,Posted: 25 May,all,smuts,ok
,Not Recommended,290790,16540474,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Gay Witch Cyrin,poorly done money grab
76561197974628635,Recommended,290790,14199144,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,5★ Hexperience (live),A must have for all oldskool RTS veterans
76561198122235460,Recommended,290790,32794826,Posted: 25 June,all,Larry2k,"this is a review, it is better than any other review. Why you might ask yourself, and the answer to that is because larry told you. If you dissagre it is considered 3rd degree abuse under the law that noone can appose larry without going to jail. Is that made up, yes... yes it is a made up law. Peace to anyone who is reading this, im out."
,Not Recommended,290790,14249917,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Crull001 | crullandtandoms.com,I have played this game for the Past 48 hours and I would not recommend because their is a game breaking bug where you lose all control function but the game still keeps playing. The only thing you can do is kill the game with task manager. I like the cinematics and Parts of the story I have played but this bug has me saying that I would not get it untill it is fixed.
76561198172571481,Not Recommended,290790,15007096,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,jzmott,I want my money back..... horrible horrible waste of money... v_v
76561198012400669,Not Recommended,290790,33661395,Posted: 19 July,all,Bleurgh,"To paint by numbers to be a great RTS. It's not terrible, just nothing new or interesting here"
76561197998532594,Not Recommended,290790,28437952,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Bad Kitten,"This game crashes 100% at mission ""Mongo's Canyon"" (mission 8).Do not buy this game until it is patched to allow you to play the single mission."
76561198135370474,Not Recommended,290790,21029136,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,123timp456,It's just ok.
,Recommended,290790,31663042,Posted: 10 May,all,Bill Murray,It's just like Command & Conquer....almost as good...Please make Red Alert 4 0_o
76561198006569440,Not Recommended,290790,14509109,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Ed M,Not worth the time to learn.  The tutorials are not clear on what is needed to complete the missions and the gameplay is nothing special.  Would not recommend.
76561198117345293,Not Recommended,290790,14343767,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,sa0836561663,"Starcraft with goo, unimpressed. The interface is sluggish, the unit selection system is like a game of pin the tail on the donkey and the unit control AI is stupid. Wish I'd saved my money."
76561198018390211,Not Recommended,290790,16387934,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,GooeyMess,"While the graphics are beautiful and the game itself is really nice to play, the biggest problem and quite laughably is the load time between missions and mission restarts. I have a high end gaming rig and a 2 minute+ load screen is bizarre, a couple of times i thought my PC had frozen but, no, it was still loading. This really is the off putting reason not to buy this game. Luckily i bought it in the 60% discount sale and didnt waste too much money on it.  I reached mission 3 and i believe it will remain there till i forget how long the load times are and dive back in, to then jump back out. I am shocked that a game has been placed on sale with this load lag problem."
,Not Recommended,290790,16630436,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Sithious,"I was wondering where all the RTS games where, starting to get depressed because maybe nobody will even try making one ever again in this mess of cruddy, half made sack of empty promises of early access games on here, but then, this game popped up! and I was like 'oh god finally someone made a RTS game that looks decent!'. I waited for a sale, got the game and ended up with a... very shallow and dull RTS game sadly. I wish I could say this game is RTS of the year but it really can't be, there are so many other RTS games that do the genre so much better, this game wears itself thin extreamly fast and offers nothing new to have fun with, its a pretty, bog standard, run of the mill, every day pair of socks RTS game. =/ And yes it's pretty, it has a great graphics style going for it and good visuals but that's sadly the only thing I can say it does well and everyone that plays games knows the game mechanics and gameplay are always more important, that's where the soul and fun of the game is.Was I expecting something original in an RTS game? I guess not, but since ive already done the RTS grind a million times in other games, build orders, favourite units, favourite play styles to finish the enemy base off, favourite faction ect this just sadly feels like the same old RTS grind, but not in a fun way. Why tho? I believe it's becuase of variety and depth. The fact of the matter is there hardly is any, you end up using some units to your play style and not using any of the others generally cas they just plain suck, are too micro intensive, or don't fit your playstyle so what you end up with is 3 or 4 units you actually like to attack with and that... really is not that interesting is it? Sure there are technologies that add some additional cool things to your units as well, that adds depth right? No not really, most of the techs for all factions are very situational or are for very specific playstyles, it takes alot of trial and error to find ones that don't actually suck... oh and yea the tech limit only allowing you to take one out of each of the five slots, that's just annoying! if I could take all the upgrades even if it was one at a time my units might actually feel like they are getting strong enough to do something. Also their is one resource in this game that you have to manage, yes, just one, and generally it's automated once you get the harvester down leaving the player to sit back and do nothing but watch until they get enough income to actually do anything with... so engaging! yay.Generally the stragety of this game is, build big base -> build lots of units -> attack -> lose them all to defenses -> attack with more units - > if they die just spam more units -> win. Yea it's litterly that simple that a brain dead monkey could do it, every time, that's how I won, ultimatly the only way to win is just spam units at the enemy, the good ones that is, not the weak crappy ones that would take years to kill anything. =/ And thats for -every- faction, you can be sneaky and go around to the back of the base and case chaos sure, but generally that fails or takes forever. You can try spam artillery at the base sure, that sometimes work, oh how about spamming some stealth units at the base and sneak in and take out their economy!. How about spam some air units at them that should do some damage! nope not really, air units take forever to do anything having to come all the way back to base to reload and are shot down super easily, you see where im going with this? There are ultimate end game units tho yea! you could just charge one at the enemy base and assume it will go great and you will win yay, that works too but it takes years to build one of those so you may as well just spam combat units anyway, plus it's... not even slightly fun, does it sound like fun? Just sitting there right clicking buildings again and again to make it bomb them... They dont even feel that tough and powerful, kinda just like a giant dinky unit that slowly trudges along and does stuff and they all pretty much function in the same way for all factions so don't hope for variety with the ultimates either cas their really isen't any.Just like almost every RTS game ever starting the base up and getting the economy takes awhile too, but in this game it seems to take forever! It took me a good 10-20 minutes or more especially with the Goo faction to get things going and it just feels like the game drags on forever... probably becuase there is just so little fun to find here. Man I wished this game was more fun... but it's really not, please take my word on it or at least be aware of unfortunate downsides I took the time to point out before buying or playing this game. =( If you get immediatly bored of this game in the first 2 hours then just get a refund, it's an extreamly expensive game for how little content it has so your only doing yourself a favor. I wish the devs the best and hope they are able to make better games from this and grow but this was just so dissapointing and boring for me. I don't really think there is any way they can make this game feel like a fun, deep RTS now that it seems fully built but maybe they can if they added a butt load more mechanics, units and maybe a couple more factions, 3 factions is... again, very poor variety if you compared it to Supreme commander: Forged Alliance which is basically the ultimate RTS on steam still with how much depth it has and unit variety.Once I finished single player I realized this game is just a really not fun waste of time, the game speed/pace is super slow by default and there is horrifyingly no way to speed up game time, why?! Every good RTS game lets you speed up time so the game goes at a pace that fits how intense you want it, the pacing could have been easily fixed with a speed setting so it's just a shame there isen't one to be found.And for all these reasons I can't possible recommend this game for the price it's at, for as how well made and pretty it may be its a generic RTS borefest and I would highly recommend getting it at about 10-15 dollars at most or playing another RTS with more depth, they are out there just look. I rarely had any fun throughout the singleplayer campain and there is no way im going to touch mutliplayer since I hardly believe it will offer anything differant so it's already time to let this game sit in my steam libary and grow dust, such a shame. =/ Sadly is a 4.5/10 for me.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------More basic outline of the pros and cons of the game for people looking for a review in a hurry.Pros:+ Great visual style and graphics+ Almost no bugs at all+ Game runs pretty well most of the time, I never dipped below 60-50 fps (GTX 680, i5 overclocked, 16 gig RAM)+ Amazing voice acting and character animation in cut scenes, the debrief screens almost make the characters look real with how good the facial animations are!+ Well designed single player missions, hardly got stuck at all except the last mission+ Original and refreshing storyline+ Good music and audio, could use more variety thoCons:- Very few graphics and gameplay options- Very slow game speed and pacing to the game, no speed setting (if there even is one). As such the game feels like it drags on alot of the time especially at the start.- Very sparse unit variety- Very basic economy management- Small building variety- Small Technology variety, only allows you to upgrade very few units at once- Small faction variety- Very little tactical choices that work- Ultimates unit's don't feel powerful, generally end up slowing down the pace of the game- Single player transitions between the factions weirdly, would have made so much more sense to make the faction missions seperate or just tell the player what faction they are going to have to play to progress.- Most units feel weak and do little damage"
76561198020454880,Not Recommended,290790,33695246,Posted: 21 July,all,hectorfaubel,"It is simple a empty promise, high price, very low entertainig feature"
,Not Recommended,290790,22669452,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,M9A1 Gernsback,"tl;dr: If you came for single player and the story - AVOID, AVOID, AVOID!-------------This high-priced game was bought for its unique story, told in beautiful graphics and masterful dialogues.And, well, it has both, but not much else. The story inside the game is virtually nonexistent - you're just thrown into the battle with not explaination provided as to why, who and against whom. The campaign mode is extremely short and seems like an overgrown tutorial, a precursor for... multiplayer, I guess. Which I personally don't play, so no comments there.The game does not give you a cohesive storyline, it provides no explaination of its events or faction motivations, and generally lacks in information, even in background one (C&C3 in-game library, anyone?).Apart from that, it's a back-to-roots game of build a base, spam units and shoot everyone who looks at you funny. It boasts an emphasis on large-scale decision-making, but is actually completely linear and never ever deviates from a singular ""spawn tanks, shoot guys"" decision.Add horrible screen tearing during pre-rendered custscenes (WTH? 0_o), and you get a game which is kind of OK... for half of its sale price.Yes, it is better than C&C4, but that's setting the bar too low."
76561198064785440,Not Recommended,290790,19907482,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,henkvink1965,Cannot get it to work. Tried every option I could find but still nothing. So not a positive recommendation from me.
,Recommended,290790,14183689,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Drw,2/10 Goo is more of a Blue than a Grey
76561198005851839,Not Recommended,290790,16499577,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,legendarymass,explosions and sound are very weak.  Gameplay seems very lacking and the units are soooo basic.  every units basically fires the same projectile just different damage.  The game really felt like a quick weak starcraft knockoff.  Strong ai however.
76561198025307504,Not Recommended,290790,18563215,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,mikejohnson3541,"Boring clickfest, horrible controls"
,Not Recommended,290790,34145544,Posted: 10 August,all,Cunt Nugget,"I wasted $60 on this game, thats all I can say."
76561198092043541,Recommended,290790,31448233,Posted: 29 April,all,< Beren > @Rage,I enjoyed the campaign
76561198099672989,Recommended,290790,22507621,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,ethanronnebaum02,It just keeps crashing every time i try to open it. I dont know what to do....
,Recommended,290790,17061940,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,ForgeDrake,never before have I been so terrified that a building was gonna eat me
76561197968539342,Not Recommended,290790,31881603,Posted: 21 May,all,Jade_Alpha,"The Devs refuse to make any updates supporting ultra HD resolutions or ultra widescreen monitors.  There is a bug related to UI scaling that will make the UI console absurdly oversized if you run the game in 21:9 aspect ratio.It might be relevant if this were a competitive multiplayer game where you could get an advantage by running at higher resolution, but its not.  A beatiful game marred by developoer ignorance and greed.I also thought it was weird the main alien race somehow has a strong european accent."
76561198033938221,Not Recommended,290790,14281311,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Neian,"While I was excited after reading several of the reviews, this game falls very flat for me.  Price point is definitely much too high for what you are getting in the game.+Graphics are very beautiful+Interface is simple and straightforward-Units are all the same across factions just with a different skin it seems-The tank rush is as always the only viable tactic in the game-The Single Player Campaign does not make a lot of sense; the story is not that engrossing.-Single Player AI does one thing, builds a lot of units (30+) and rushes your base-AI seems very simple when it comes to behavior-The tech upgrade tree isn't really an upgrade tree, it’s just which of these three abilities would like you like game.  You cannot unlock them all, only one for each tech upgrade type.-Game will crash when uses Epic units depending on what is around them."
,Not Recommended,290790,14276895,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,bohndage,"I'm trying to like it, but I can't.  Steep learning curve is a massive understatement.  Maybe I'm just not liking the starting race in the campaign, but the tech progression is a bit wonky and the tutorial is clear as mud.  Seems like the only way to get anywhere is by tank rushing over and over and over and over while the enemy tank rushes you over and over and over and over.  Your troops move with all the intelligence they did in Warcraft I.  I guess the focus is on macro instead of micro management, but I just can't click with it.  I'm sad, because the cutscenes are a great throwback to RTS games of old.  I'll keep trying."
,Not Recommended,290790,29201860,Posted: 12 January,all,PaganDegree,"This game, its engine, everything would have to be redone from scratch to make it any good or worth playing."
76561198071549797,Not Recommended,290790,16383426,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,دست,"Crashes on first mission, avoid."
76561198071256072,Not Recommended,290790,14274840,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,balaraja.dc,"Game hang ,mouse just loose control when click it open other software on the destop instead."
76561197970809606,Not Recommended,290790,14508039,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,WastelandNomad,"This game is satisfactory...From what i hear they scrapped the new C&C Generals for this.......!!!!!!?????Completely wasted effort, they would have better served themselves sticking with the C&C universe....."
,Not Recommended,290790,14307870,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Chobbo,Game appears to run terrible on new generation cards.Opening the menu causes massive drop in framerate and this drop becomes semi-permanent until you close the game.Menu is slow to respond to any clicks.Things like this shouldnt be overlooked before release.
76561198006217347,Not Recommended,290790,20143810,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Anticitizen1 [Raven Guard],"Good cutscenes in single player campaign, that's about it though. I admit that I didn't give it enough of a chance but that is only because the game itself is bland and places unnecessary restrictions (structure building is hampered by hub structures). Graphics are pretty average too. Skirmish feels very rushy, when I select ""Easy, Defensive"" as my opponent I expect an opponent that turtles up for at least 10 to 15 minutes before making an attack, instead I get 6 units arriving at my base within 2 minutes of the game starting."
76561198048473671,Not Recommended,290790,17071682,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,oneyoungho,"I haver played this game multiple times and have come to the conclusion that it requires a great level of strategy.  Build ultimate unit, crush, build ultimate unit, crush... If the greatest generals throughout historty had these units they would likewise crush their opponents... hannibal, Alexander, Cesear, Napoleon... all would be crushed... build the ultimate unit.  GG uninstall."
,Not Recommended,290790,14545422,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,ChaoticK,"TLDR: Game has like 4 units and a super limited tech tree.  Like a bad copy of RedAlert 3 without the cartoon models.Very weird low quality models, boring, lacks much of anything for units.  I was hoping for something like Command and Conquer Red alert of the Generals Series.  Completely disapointed by this game."
76561197991480552,Not Recommended,290790,16561384,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Bonegatherer,only a 2v2 multy player
76561198044407951,Not Recommended,290790,20079083,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Hobgoblin,"yup only 36 hours of gameplay ive played SC my whole life and if u really like SC u wont like this  becoz , there is a saying about compatitive games , if u trying to make a balanced game it becomes unbalanced , but if u have a unique  ideas of unbalanced races u can make the balanced games .  and clearly they tried to make the game has the unique 3 races that are unbalanced to make the game balanced but it didnt work ^^ unlike SC"
,Not Recommended,290790,19811562,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,† CandyJesus †,NOOOO
76561197970509293,Not Recommended,290790,14537208,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Kanobus,As always with steam when you buy a game you can never find the Map Editor any one know how you can get the Terrain Editor for grey goo ThanxsAnd if anyone from steam happens to come across this post any chance you guys could  set it up so its not such a nightmare and a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to find the editors for the games you sell that have them :)
,Not Recommended,290790,34160034,Posted: 10 August,all,[HK] FAT,"Do not waste your money on this game, devs abandoned this game and focused on Dreadnought."
,Recommended,290790,16407287,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Casual,Another great RTS title from Petro ;) Really enjoy it!
76561197971005584,Not Recommended,290790,14174651,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,orin.thomas,Uninspired single player campaign with too many missions that rely upon arbitrary time limits.  Wait until it's under $15 before taking the plunge.
76561198019502003,Not Recommended,290790,23059925,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Cheetah_777,"horrible, too easy, simple maps, terrible ai"
76561198014609791,Not Recommended,290790,14289586,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,fudgeunit,"each time i get about 5minutes into a skirmish greygoo freeze's, check to see if drivers need update nope turn pc off then back on same stuff, ok maybe its just skirmish try solo campaign dont even load first part after selectign easy normal or hard freeze.... not worth the money for a game you can not play"
76561198115508557,Not Recommended,290790,14257311,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,BWoogz,"I looked forward to playing this game. I just could n`t wait. Looked at the reviews and the game play on youtube and was excited to play the game. The devs from westwood making another RTS WOW a must have right. Well i paid my fifty bucks, got some snacks and drinks ready while it downloaded and......... Epic let down. The game doesn`t launch. It`s been three days now and it still doesn`t launch. I`ve tried a bunch of different things that were posted by the bunch of other folks having the same trouble with no success. Until they patch this issue I can`t see you spending your money and hoping the game will work for you."
76561197965763265,Not Recommended,290790,14293641,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Zarachas,"Extremly repetetive, starcraft clone so if you like that you might like this one.. No strategy, just produce loads of units and you win"
76561197995646321,Not Recommended,290790,14280539,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Infamous,"I had super high hopes for this game. The trailers looked incredible and the story sounded really awesome. Unfortunately, I can barely run it on a high-end gaming laptop. Disappointed doesn't even begin to describe my current thoughts. Unless this game is optimized very soon, that's £29.99 I will never get back."
76561198068364071,Not Recommended,290790,24269984,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,PO217,"It's trash.I thought, because the community is so small, i could make some easy money beating everyone else.I'm diamond random in sc2 as of 2013, i stopped playing once i realized the intrinsic imballances between races which prevented unique games from being played.It took me 2 years and several thousand games to reach that point in sc2, and i've been playing sc and wc since i was 7, i was 16 when i stopped.Grey good took me 2 weeks. I beat the campaign on the hardest difficulty in probably 4 or 5 hours, then started playing the multiplayer to discover that it's more boring than the campaign in refference to replayability.But that wasn't the nail in the coffin, i didn't mind that it was boring; unacknowledged ignorance and presumptive understanding will cause that. I continued playing. I don't know what rank i started at, but within 3 days i was rank 50 and beating people who had utterly crushed me days before. Then i learned the most crippling thing about the game.The engine, i guess what it's called, the micro mechanic for goo, is the worst♥♥♥♥♥♥in the world; stay with me. This alone isn't why it's a♥♥♥♥♥♥game, a single thing which is innefficient doesn't matter, it's RTS, it's expected. The problem with Goo being a cluster♥♥♥♥ of innefficiency is that goo is the best race in the game. They have the best rush potential, the best late game, the best meta game. The top players play goo because goo is the most logical race to play, and also the most bland race to play.This game is AIDs, and i bought into this meme game because i wanted to make an easy buck doing something which i'm good at an enjoy. My desire for easy money couldn't defeat my hatred for boring things."
,Not Recommended,290790,14263859,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Thr4shmetal,"I really tried to like this game. It's just too simple for me. I can see how this can become complex, but I really want a wider range of units, buildings and upgrades. I feel like there really can only be a few strategies. I can seige with one of 2 seige units, but the unit AI isn't really that great so I do have to macro a bit to make up for it. I can try to overwhelm my enemy with mass and try not to let my unit ball get hurt by air or seige, or I can simply keep walling and pushing my enemy into a corner, and try to out last his resources.I'm not a fan of the way the buildings work either, notes, and stuff that connects to nodes. It's cool, but I'd like a little bit for freedom.That being said, the campaign was done VERY well. The artwork is fantastic, there is a big audiance of people that game will work well for, but just not me.I think they should have some type of demo setup, I dropped 49.99 on it, and It's just not for me, and now I own it. Maybe when my kids are old enough, I'll just let them play on my account.http://youtu.be/VRaoHi_xcWk"
76561198068926407,Recommended,290790,14129259,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Dark211,This is great RTS game. It very like Starcraft mix with halo war type rts is very fun!
76561198038768294,Not Recommended,290790,16459954,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Miami Bryce,"I do recomend this game. However in the games current state it isnt balenced. the enemy units kill your units way to quickly. this game has some bad balencing issues, hopefuly they get better"
76561198006165990,Not Recommended,290790,14242756,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,JPEG,great game made terrible by awful netcode. Impossible to finish a 2v2 game without someone dropping out. Single campaign is great and factions are fun and varied but developers need to sort the multiplayer out.
76561198074201242,Recommended,290790,15974230,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Skiizzzo =),Why not?
,Not Recommended,290790,14464209,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Pwazzy,"Absoloutly terrible game. Missions are very poorly layed out, far too difficult and the balance is aweful.Ignore every idiot who thinks this is classic RTS as its far from that, this game is not at all fun.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198033431997,Not Recommended,290790,30521004,Posted: 15 March,all,Shodan,"I went into Grey Goo wanting to like it, the steam reviews seemed so bright with promise of maybe someone had revived my old favorite Command and Conquer. I have to say it is true in a way it stongly resembles Command and Conquer 4 Tiberian Twilight otherwise known as the game that sunk the C&C franchise. You get one base and everything branches off that soo no building satalite bases to control resources or block check points. Your units all behave the same its just re-skins, the ai spawns units onto the battlefield where they need to be nothing is build at their base unless you are in the base attacking it.The Goo from the title can spawn from any resource node when the computer plays them, sad you never get that power. You get 4 paths to upgrade on which you can pick one option each. The Super units range from usefull(human), mobile factory(beta), to waste of resources(goo), the one shining light in this swamp of cookie cutter bland game play and cheating ai is the story. Very well written chars come across as people with goals and personality. What ultimately killed it for me was the endless crashing. When Grey Goo crashes it does not do so tidily sooo much forum diving later it was found out the only way to get it back after crash is to delete game+steam instalalation then re-install both. In summery not worth it now maybe in a year they will fix the bugs."
,Not Recommended,290790,14267569,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,[NDC]Octane,This game is very difficult to optimize.  Would not recommend until more updates are released.
76561198134582565,Not Recommended,290790,33414612,Posted: 9 July,all,Worldddd,Got bored after the first few minutes. Is a pretty generic game which there are plenty of.
76561197995653427,Not Recommended,290790,14195588,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,icebeat,"Not a bad game but not for 50$ (maybe 20). After I played it for 13h, i started playing again starcraft 2, by far a better game. Note: the more interesting thing of this game is the Goo."
76561198009512978,Not Recommended,290790,15525943,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Captain Metal,"SHORT VERSION:  Game's dead, guys...Move on and get something else, Dont buy.LONG VERSION: A pretty good RTS from some of the veterans of the genre. The campaign is well done with some really nice CGI scenes and a good all-round story, nice visuals and game mechanics overall.However, we play Real Time Strategy games nowadays for the multiplayer, which Grey Goo has of course.A shame then, that the multiplayer portion of Grey Goo is now essentially dead. It started out with a player-base of about 2750 people worldwide on launch. The current average player-base at peak times is now around 70.. 'worldwide'.That combined with some MAJOR issues, like the dev's inability to fix multiplayer lag ( which is probably one of the reasons all of the players left ), The crazy price tag ( I mean, I've got 70 hours on record, and I still think it cost too much ) Like, the only other RTS at that price is Starcraft 2.... obviously not going to get grey goo over a storied well looked after series like starcraft for obvious consumer reasons.Other things like lack of maps ( More are comming aparently ), No replays ( which is being added, aparently ), bad unit balance (as in with one Race, you can win by just spamming the same 2 Tier 1 units, since AOE just cant handle them anymore after the latest ""balance update"" ) bad tech balance, for example free repairing of expensive aircraft, or extra harvestor armour, or extractor armour... the armour thing should be combined, with one choice being something completely different from the armour and aircraft repair, its an obvious choice every time.I want to love this game so much, but because of the non-existant player-base and some of the more aformentioned issues, I just cant. I mean, the game is a good as dead, the dev's might as well stop updating and make Grey Goo 2 or something.A sad ""Unable to Recommend"" from me."
,Not Recommended,290790,22762828,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,jendzai,"Poor optimization, awful & uninteresting story (from what I've played so far), for some reason the devs thought it would be an excellent idea to give a jarring accent to the race of the first campaign (that it seems you can't skip the campaign of).Can't say anything about the multiplayer (which is the game's focus) other than the community playing it is dead."
76561198071596632,Not Recommended,290790,21170349,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,{NxTk} Gabranth,So far its extremely lag when playing the game i cant say its fun because its unplayable which is to be exspected from most steam games i geuss im able to run rust on highest graphic settings so yea paint the picture. The game lags after 4 mins of gameplay everything drops menu screen runs fine. im not new to the rts genre i started playing rts games back when C@C came out. before buying this game i would check your computer specs see if people are having the same issues so yoou dont have to be on the same boat as some of us
76561198034485402,Not Recommended,290790,14248370,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Chyper,DO NOT BUY!Game refuses to even launch for multiple players (me among them) and so far no response from the developer inregard to the issue. There are also several complaints about lag/fps issues ingame. Game is badly optimized in other words.Wait until fixed or spend your money elsewhere.
76561197979304982,Not Recommended,290790,20408060,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,ToxicGun,Honestly a crappy game. A starcraft clone just not as fun. Goo able to spread like zerg. Human race needs power lines so you can never have smaller bases really due to terrain blocking you (ramps and water) the terran type race is basically the race everyone uses in PVP as you can build smaller bases.
76561198011886320,Not Recommended,290790,28939643,Posted: 2 January,all,btarantino,"weak , characters were annoying to look at  even the asian woman ( thats hard to do ) . seam like just get enough to over run other base"
76561197994281375,Not Recommended,290790,28144258,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Harm,The game had some potential but the campaign is Garbage.Lose missions before you are even able to builestablish a base.
,Not Recommended,290790,15900719,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,SooCrazy,well... i cant find any players :PBUT every thing else is head on 1 of the best rts games i have played
76561198004309356,Not Recommended,290790,14232577,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Bender,"Didn't enjoy this game, graphics are great but the resources run out too quickly and there are too few unit types for a fun match. Overall i prefer supreme commander over this game."
76561198041812393,Not Recommended,290790,14182349,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,danielsdna,"Its basically Earth 2160, but with less everything pretty much. I was really hoping for something more like the old c+c games. I liked the game but it was really not worth the money i spent on it.Wouldnt recommend to anyone wanting to multiplayer on this, as there is literally only 8 maps atm."
76561198020103833,Not Recommended,290790,14191308,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Tallydious,"A.I pathfinding is shonky, most units tend to be incredibally weak, Beta towers take forever to destroy, units get stuck trying to manuever around one another, some campaign missions are near impossible to beat e.g the final mission requires you to defend 3 seperate points while trying to hold them from enemies that just keep coming. it's hard to defend something like that with such small and easily destroyed numbers.The main title screen is laggy as hell. Tried 3 mintutes to start a game.And throughout the campaign, you end up loading 2 times to start one mission. It gets old... fast.The Beta race is ok but their commando units become obselete once larger untis beome avaliable.The humans have strong armored tanks, which leaves their smaller units with no damage output and no health to do anything with.The Goo are all around weak and extremely hard to micro manage with constant reinforcing because their units no matter what it is are so weak in comaprison to the enemies they're up agains't. I've spent 4 hours trying to not get nuked or wiped out by small squads of Beta's or human drones as the goo.The campaign missions as the beta are good, but as soon as the goo comes to play, that's where it gets irritating. You end up spending hours trying to not get swarmed at first, then more hours trying to track all those slippery mother goos.And all this was on the easy setting. the A.I is too damn hard and your units are too damn weak in comparison.Though the game has potential. It does have a great story to it. Unique and beautiful landscapes and unit design is good too.Have yet to try multiplayer though. but I'd rate this a 6/10 game."
,Not Recommended,290790,14242633,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,{D(.Y.)M}  ŦД☈₴ ™  ☚ˬ˯˯ˬ☛,"Imcomplete POS. Very few maps, bad A.I. , poorly balanced armies and extremely short matches awate if you buy this. I was extremely disapointed."
76561198211638672,Not Recommended,290790,16049687,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,sebrock22,i is not workig on me counputer );
76561198121911531,Not Recommended,290790,34125238,Posted: 9 August,all,BarkingDog,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
76561197967883681,Not Recommended,290790,16570274,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,STOPchris,"This game took about 5 minutes to start each time. This is an ongoing bug that the developers have yet to fix and hide all posts in a subsection on the forum. Once the game actually does start, there are random crashes. The developers seem to be doing nothing about either of these issues. For the time that I did spend in the game, it was pretty mediocre. The gameplay was typical of any RTS with nothing really new to be had. I returned it for a full refund. Unless they can fix the extra long startup bug and crashing, I cannot recommend the game. Even then, I would be on the edge about it for the short duration that I played. Of course, I played less than 2 hours, so that should be taken into consideration. I hope they fix the issues, as I would probably rebuy and update my review."
76561197996610838,Not Recommended,290790,14235971,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Quesa,Tries to lap up some of the Starcraft crowd yet I don't see it delivering.  Take this as a grain of salt because I didn't enjoy my first 30 minutes enough to warrant continued play.  I really need to learn not to impulse buy games that look cool.
76561197989545060,Not Recommended,290790,14187110,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Bubble Buddy,"If you're reading this, no, this game is not what you think it is, and no, it's not Westwood's comeback.In its current state, it's a messy game in which I keep forgetting it's not in the Alpha stage. This is a full release. Lot's of mistakes made, too many to list here. Biggest complaint overall is there's no sense of 'choice' when you play. The units are so categorized it's either you build them or you lose. The strategy is written for you. It's a matter of how competent you are of the rules and if the clunkiness of the units pathfinding and fighting goes in your favor."
76561198087111408,Not Recommended,290790,25873226,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Xero,"I feel nothing when playing this game, literally nothing. Just moving the cursor around, defeating opponents and that is it. I'll stick to C&C Red Alert 1."
76561198028538154,Not Recommended,290790,14145298,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Perry,"I purchased this game with the hope that it would hold up as a continuation of the gameplay I loved in the early Command and Conquer games. Though reminicint of these games it does not carry the torch as brightly as I had hoped. Grey Goo plays much more like the Starcraft series.The campaign features live action and beautifully rendered cutscenes and cinematics. The story is decent so far, and progression through the campign is steady, unlocking deeper units and structures as you play.I have not had a chance to play multiplayer, but instead spent some time seeing how a full skirmish match would go. This is where I noticed some problems, which make me regret purchasing this game. First, the population cap really puts a damper on gameplay, and resources feel too limited when trying to stretch out a game. One match was a 2v2 which we could not complete because resources had been completed depleted. This amounted to a stalemate, which actually ended in a crash from the game itself.Some thoughts, experiences and suggestions:- Players should have the ability to set the population cap higher.- Make resources non-depletable, or recover quicker. (See not below*)- Offer deeper customization for skirmish and online matches.- Units often get stuck while moving around other units or structures- My installation has crashed numerous times.I give this game a thumbs down, not because it is a bad game, but because I do not recommend. Grey Goo doesn't stand out as any different or better than games that already exist. Sure, it looks pretty, and sounds good, but the mechanics of the game are old, stale, and a leave me with an itch for something more.Level Editor:I played around with the editor for a little while. It crashed a couple of times when trying to open preferences and options menus from the toolbar. I have little experience with these kinds of tools, but it seemed simple for those who do. I did not see any settings for adjust variables such as population caps, or anything to do with game options.*Note* : Attempting any sort of longer game in skirmish mode turns into a resource capturing game, once all the resources run out the game effectively becomes a stalemate. This, for me at least, really feels limiting, and gives me less incentive to play defensively or approach any more nuanced strategies. Instead, a typical game turns into a constant barrage of micro-managing the sporadic (and somewhat janky) movement of troops and the perpetual rebuilding of said troops."
,Not Recommended,290790,28573859,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Sathanas,"Worst Strategy game I’ve ever played (If I try very hard not to remember SupCom2). Everything about this game, missions, units, ""game play mechanics"" is bland and boring, except for the story in an all too short campaign. Sadly I didn’t really understand how awful it was till I could no longer get a refund."
76561198035735336,Not Recommended,290790,14170146,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Odoku,"Luckily my only performance issues have been very low framerate on the menu only, so Ive been able to play a little without being distracted by poor performance.My first impression was that it seemed pretty cool and I was excited to get into a new game. However it quickly became apparent that the only strategy is build as many units as possible, mass them together and zerg. Maybe there is more, that was just my disappointing impression after the ooh and ahh wore off.I was further disappointed when I realized how few units there were, and how few tech upgrades were available. It took me about 5 minutes to read the game encyclopedia info for all units and tech for each race. What struck me even worse was realizing that each race basically has the same units, they just look different. Everyone has the same units basically, even the goo which just appears wildly different at first.I spent maybe an hour max on the game and lost interest. I got way more out of Puzzle Quest for $2.99.  This is not worth $50 period. Its not bad, just very shallow and generic once you look beneath the surface.Dont buy, there are much better options out there."
,Not Recommended,290790,23131272,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Pandemon1c,"Nope. Just... not fun, at all. Nothing exciting or new to see here. Better off playing the classics it tried (and failed) to pay homage to."
76561198004289687,Not Recommended,290790,14197042,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Deathspore,"New computer, huge performance issues. Game is fun for first one or two skirmishes but after it just comes rush to high tech and max rush. Strategy is really non-existant. Performance issues."
76561198002005562,Not Recommended,290790,16342275,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Typhoon,"This game did too little to be original. And too little to be good. Just a sub par RTS with very little game testing, or balance."
76561197969907665,Not Recommended,290790,14163524,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Sir Snipeington,"This is solely based on singleplayer Campaign Experience yet:I'm not sure about it, it's good but it's not great. For a reduced price i could recommend it, but not for 40 Euros. The gameplay is cool with the 3 races but at some point it becomes a very nasty grind especially with the goo as you struggle controlling them as all units in the game feel very fragile, and you DO actually need to do quite some micromanaging at least with control groups and keeping your AA units and the likes separate otherwise they happily sacrifice themselves by running into the front of everything. (This problem is relevant for the Goo's mostly)I can't agree on the campaign being great, it deteriorated especially in the last missions into a tower defense game with a race that doesn't suit a ""hold point A,B and C"" gameplay, very frustrating and not really engaging as you're constantly going back and forth. I didnt fail because it was to difficult, it felt chaotic and i got bored.  The units on the Beta and Human side seem very interchangable and loose their appeal very quick unfortunately. If you have bland units then at least give them names that reveal what they do (see Supreme Commander as a good example). I played the whole campaign and still couldn't name the majority of the units and what they do, you have to constantly look up in the build menues what they do.You can see what the developers tried with the income counter like in Supreme Commander, but in the game itself you will hardly have a look there, it just doesnt matter in the end ironically. And thats what i felt about the game overall, cool ideas, execution ok, didn't come together, what a shame, you see that the dev's really put alot of thought into this. But the good reviews are just not doing other games justice i'm sorry.I cannot comment on the multiplayer value, but the price is to steep for what it is if you look at what's available today otherwise (CoH, Wargame, Starcraft etc.).7.5 / 10 if it wasn't about price. 6.5 / 10 overall"
,Not Recommended,290790,16348967,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Duo Vandal,"Sadly, while I love Petroglyph and I love Frank Klepacki. This game has an interesting set of races and mechanics, lore, amazing music and visuals.I have yet to play any of it. The game simply will not launch. This isn't a computer related error either. As you can see for yourself on the forums there is some error built into the game that no one seems to have publicaly announced a solution too that just prevents the game from launching. It will sit there and hang or stop responding. I have not found any work arounds to this issue and it greatly killed my mood to play this game after I was so eager to try a new RTS game.The games low population, and seemingly abundance of issues doesn't make this game very wanted. I wish I could recommend this game but I simply can't.Maybe next game."
76561197970506324,Not Recommended,290790,14217491,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,CreepyCrawly,"For starters, it looks like a great game.  It has potential and could be a nice RTS.  But I have one gripe that it seems like most people are having issues with.  Here we go.PROS:Very pretty - Nice terrain and the models are nicely done.Building - It looks like you can have a nice base and walls will have to be built to defend.cut scenes - very well done.Gameplay - seems simple and easy to graspCONS:FPS - GOOD LORD!!!  The FPS are all over and it renders the game unplayable.  My system is beyond adequate for this game it jumps from 15 - 40 FPS and sometimes hits 60.  I've looked online and it seems as though I am not alone.PRICE - 49.99 for a game with such a killing error??????  Maybe 24.99I want to like this game, I really do.  But I can't recommend something which has such an error.  Hopefully it is wide spread enough that the devs will look into it and fix it.  That is why there is a BETA period for something like this that could have been prevented.  However, some people don't have the FPS problem... Maybe I'm just one of the lucky ones."
,Not Recommended,290790,14271572,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,But I'm Just An Old Lady Anon,Boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198052971128,Not Recommended,290790,14217395,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,realxavier,"While Beta and Humans have good range of attack and many units shoot when move, for Goo it shows all the fail of game. Unit movement AI is very poor. Notifications that units under attack not shown on map. Micromanagement amount for goo is overhelming (while for Beta and Humans u can hide under defences and build your force).So from some fun and great visuals (on easy difficulty) it turned to mind blowing burden of constant management if everything.And goo tecj upgrades are so minor and uselsssss..."
76561198044426579,Not Recommended,290790,14221321,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,pulseBajha,"When i bought this game i thought to myself "" Hey.. this game must be really good... its made by the guys who brought us games like Red Alert and Command And Conquer... Surely it must be a great game"". Boy was i wrong.I cant call this game a disaster, because there are many games that go in that catagory.This game is beyond disaster.The units are no-where close to original and are a few in number. You could, if you wanted to, use only 2-3 units at most to play this game. Building revolves around placing hubs and building on those hubs.. which is very restrictive and pointless.The Characters are a absolute bore and annoying. Just hearing the ""Beta"" Faction talk in that Hilly Billy Australian / South African accent, makes me want to mute the sound while i find a hammer or rock to break the speakers ( and Im Australian ). The campaign will put you to sleep if you make it far enough. And this game is on no level close to the Command and conquer series... not even the last few titles made by E.A.I dont see how reviews are cliaming its any good and comparing it to Command and conquer, and makes me wonder if they have played those games at all.Watch video reviews before you buy this dud."
,Not Recommended,290790,34334925,Posted: 18 August,all,Mattewes,AI is terrible
,Not Recommended,290790,14179006,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Son.of.Sam,i cant believe this♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game crashed every time i play the mission Ruk's Bend. I expect this game to work and what hurts the most is that this game is from ex Westwood employee. Please release a patch immediately to fix this problem.
76561198009098838,Not Recommended,290790,34604769,Posted: 30 August,all,ford_lazer,"Wouldnt recommend this game to anyone!!!!Seriously Greybox what the hell were you thinking when you designed the AI for this game????? This is an abosultely terrible AI, FIX IT Greybox!!!!!"
76561198021953462,Not Recommended,290790,14202224,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,davisjee,"Well, after playing  Supreme Commander FA, and giving this game a try, due to all the heap..I was disappointed. The Maps, and the game play, are more arcade style than a strategy game.  So buyer beware..."
76561197989446805,Not Recommended,290790,14216778,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,efwatrus,This game is not as titled in single player mode you are stuck playing as the beta don't waste your time or money here.
76561198013937269,Not Recommended,290790,14241349,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Sany0,"What a complete waste of time this game is. Clunky, sub par AI, standard gfx and a bad story line. a good idea badly executed. steer clear of it."
76561197982872523,Not Recommended,290790,25044843,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,_sjc_,I failed for 2 hour trying to finish first mission on normal.  Ive wasted my money on this I wont waste any more time.
76561198075754733,Not Recommended,290790,16333930,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,cheesedick,This game is boring.
76561198052588717,Not Recommended,290790,14169121,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,"johnbordelon or die(""$!"")","I can't really review the game as it continues to freeze for a few seconds before crashing to desktop in the same spot of the 2nd campaign mission.  I've updated drivers, restarted computer, etc but it continues to crash.  For now it's unplayable and it's quite frusturating.  I have never had this problem with other games, and my setup is not old.  I also turned the graphics to the lowest possible setting."
76561197981125828,Not Recommended,290790,14204893,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,N3rv3s82,"Very boring and way too hard. Not worth the $50 I spent on it, maybe it is worth $30."
,Not Recommended,290790,14213290,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,DEgamer,"Well it's a rts with very little expandability, fifty bucks.. only 4 player multi kinda a bummer for me."
76561198035059542,Not Recommended,290790,31349860,Posted: 24 April,all,drybreeze,"Positives:A new and interesting bunch of concepts for factions.Great game story videos.Negatives:Just another 4x.Constantly crashes with ""disconnected device"" errors, despite no changes in devices during gameplay.Very small maps lead to quick matches and very little opportunity for Tier 3 ""epic unit"" combat.RepetiveExpensive for a game of its typeOverall the game looks great and is interesting at first, but becomes repetive and mundane very quickly.  Seems like quite a big step backwards from games like Supreme Commander, due to limited map size and content.  Oh, and only one epic unit at a time? What is THAT about? Le boring."
76561198012336820,Recommended,290790,24017602,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Mortii,Ugly grafic ...i dislike this game alot.Even Command & conquer Tiberian sun has more nice grafic than this .Grey goo is an game like Red Alert 3 both like bad.Thumbs down.
,Not Recommended,290790,23532557,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,sPHe0niX,"Uninstalled for now, not enough depth to keep me interested.May update later if the game changes for the better."
76561198119721557,Not Recommended,290790,25735082,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Citizen-Nappa,"the game is awful. i had not played the game in a while after i got it. it took me 5 minutes in a game to rember why, the ai is bull withing 3 minutes of starting a round i was being swormed by enemy units, i had bearly built a refinery and the ai already has advanced units. i would also like to mention i had set the ai to easy and passive, my only guess is that when the ai is set to hard and militaristic, moment you start the game you are already surrondered by end game units. and the ai kept pumping them out faster than i could destroy them. so if the developers ever read this i want to know how the ai can start at the same point i am and with in 3 mins be swarming my camp with advanced tank units from the other side of the map. this game isn't worth the money even if it was free.  your money would be better spent on going to trump universty."
,Not Recommended,290790,14172354,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,bayrock,"How do I request a REFUND? Multiplayer is an abominationDisconnects everywhere, either myself or my ally or one of the two on the other team - theres' no wait time for connection to stabilise, just disconnection - is it desync? It's almost impossible to get multiplayer games due tue region locking - if you don't live in Europe DON'T EXPECT TO PLAY MULTIPLAYER THERE'S NO PLAYERS - even if you change your steam region you still get all the disconnect and ban stuff I'm talking about. For some reason every time I play a game I am getting a 30 minute temporary ban WITH NO EXPLANATION WTF??? I do not get disconnected and nothing strange happens, I just get a ban out of nowhere WTF?This game is a HUGE step back from any of the C&C RA games I played 15 years ago."
76561197977165692,Not Recommended,290790,14214495,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Tjaranis,"campaign is boring, only 15 missions, but only 5 on each race, and it is FORCING you to which races you do in which order, so if you are interesting in only 1 race you are out of luck...air seems really wierd in the game, while it is easy to counter you are FORCED to have specific tech which can only shoot air making the ai screw you when A moving with groups.besides that the game feels ok :)but i wouldnt recommand it unless you just want it for the pure multiplayer part."
76561197989874314,Not Recommended,290790,18460669,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Dtermino,
76561198001284572,Not Recommended,290790,18477382,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,gladiator,There is no contact phone number on the Steam website. I think Grey Goo is boing!
,Not Recommended,290790,23431295,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Rptr04,Game is boring and simple.
76561198081965553,Not Recommended,290790,34368806,Posted: 20 August,all,BadRatZ,its a bad
,Not Recommended,290790,14134950,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Captain Hammer,"A lot of people, including me, are having major performance issues on fantastic hardware. The $50 price point was already a little steep, so don't even thinking about spending it until these issues are fixed.EDIT: Let me reiterate to the downvoters and to the person in the comments already accusing me of not knowing how system specs work. This game is getting sub 20-fps on rigs running the best possible single GPU hardware available, while others running on almost identical hardware get 60fps. Something is wrong with the game. My specs are 8GB RAM, Phenom II X6 1055t, GTX 970, but, again, people with comparable or better specs are getting the same results across all GPU and CPU manufacturers.EDIT 2: Unfortunately, the problems have still not been fixed, and the multiplayer of the game is dead at this point. To compound this, balance issues are becoming apparent after these several weeks, and likely won't be addressed for longer. This review will likely stay permanently negative."
76561198020283295,Not Recommended,290790,25472789,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Daloki,Feels like a very low budget of starcraft.
76561198010174668,Not Recommended,290790,14162239,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Dr_Delta,I got suckerd in to buying a game that is just released. It crashes about 10 minutes into the campaign. Next time ill wait a few months until they fix everything that should have been working at the release.
,Not Recommended,290790,14181791,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,dustsceawung,Buyer's remorse.
76561198140875529,Not Recommended,290790,14167420,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Dracolich23,Terribleextremely slow and unresponsive
76561198012508076,Not Recommended,290790,21572153,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,gucci breads,Don't buy it
76561197992907580,Not Recommended,290790,14155513,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,DixIInormus,"Game isnt as good as everyone says it is. Limited units, clunky controls, graphics are OK but not anything spectacular. Can only play upto 2v2 and never any quickmatch games. I wouldnt recommend this and I am disappointed that I made this purchase and wish you could get a refund."
,Not Recommended,290790,34939861,Posted: 13 September,all,Vsmdragon1,"Wet and sticky is very icky.Sticky and wet makes mommy upset.Against my better judgement I have to say this game would not please Freddy's mother, therefore I wish to have nothing to do with it."
76561198032590031,Not Recommended,290790,14136613,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,eskar113,"At first I thought it would be a great game and seemed promising with the screenshots and description. Once I downloaded it however, my thoughts completely changed and am regretting it. There are very limited units to build, tech research is laughable and the gameplay is very mediocre at best. Hopefully there will be updates allowing for more gameplay but until then, I regret that purchased this game."
76561198037921472,Not Recommended,290790,35017555,Posted: 17 September,all,Badger,Test
76561197970521232,Not Recommended,290790,14135727,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Obelus,Great cinematics and strong story but gameplay is a grind. Structures are too strong and your units are too weak and dumb. You can spend 10 minutes building a force and see it wiped in 20 seconds. Given how long the build times are the units should be stronger. Towers are way too strong. Basically the game needs a few patches and tweaks to really compete with C&C and Starcraft.
76561198121146503,Not Recommended,290790,14168503,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,TheRock,i want my money back
76561198036477697,Not Recommended,290790,14139516,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,MayorOverFourThousand,"Crash on start. Game wont even open. Demanding refund, this game may contain issues if you buy it. Mind you I am well above the system requirements. Crash on start there is little information available since the game just released. I am working with steam to get a refund. This product is not finished and is not worth the full price $50. I recommend waiting for this game to get its issues fixed and for it to go down in price."
,Not Recommended,290790,14141692,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Swededweeb,"Bought this for the single player, but it constantly crashes when completing the first campaign mission. 0/10"
,Not Recommended,290790,14137288,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,colindonohue,"This game was pressented to be simmilar to C&C; however it is nowhere near. Its a cheap version with better graphics, super expensive, and super complicated. Really wish i could get my money back."
76561197968427335,Not Recommended,290790,14155521,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Hesh,I PERSONALLY DONT KNOW HOW IN THE ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME GOT THE REVIEWS IT DID ITS NOT OPTIMIZED THE UNITS ALL SUCK IT TAKES 9 YEARS TO KILL ALL OF THE STUPID ♥♥♥♥ING REFINERIES JUST TO END A GAME. ITS NOT LIKE C&C OR SC ITS LIKE A HALF ABORTED FETUS SWIMMING IN A POOL OF♥♥♥♥♥♥WATER BY THE SIDE OF A HIGHWAY. DONT BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥UNLESS YOU LIKE BEING ANALY♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197962980185,Not Recommended,290790,14135639,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,maximuss2225,good idea CRAP GAME!! can't make it past the first level without leaving the optional quest due to a BUG that won't recognize a tank factory.  Its amazing to me that a small indie firm would release a game with a first level bug.  way to not make it in gaming folks!
,Not Recommended,290790,14128657,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Xet,First impression is bad. The units all look very bland and doesn't seem to do anything different from each other. It's feels slow and there doesn't seem to be much you can do tactically.The game looks like just another generic and forgetable RTS.
,Recommended,290790,16716992,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,simon,its a good RTS gameneeds a bit of work but its worth playing
76561198128487806,Recommended,290790,16943297,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Mighty-Python-20,"DO NOT buy this game for multiplayer its a rush haven not one player ive come across likes to play past the 10 min mark they come straight in your base before youve even built any kind of defense players like this SPOIL the games potential and the longivity of its playerbase. factions are so unbalanced also, players using goo faction set up right next to your base i find it utter garbage. with that beig said its worth a purchase for the single play and has replayable value."
,Recommended,290790,14303654,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Mithril,"I put this up as recommend, but I really have problems with this game. In some areas it is really good, in others it is a major pain. I'll leave it to you to decide.. but it really is a mixed bag."
,Recommended,290790,15437300,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,a x e l s t a c k s,"EDIT 11/4/15:TL;DR: The game at its core is very good. Excellent gameplay, music, design and the single player campaign is sick a f. Multiplayer is no longer lacking in features, but still lacks population (to my extreme disappointment). Yet even after the release of free extra content, the game may still feel lithe to some, considering the cost. Rest assured however, that if you're partial to RTSes, you'll find plenty of value in Grey Goo.The reasons for which i originally gave this game a negative review have largely been fixed. After many patches of reworking faction's units, gameplay tweaks, bug fixes and extra content, the game is currently in stable and balanced form.My number one issue with the game when i first reviewed it was the player base, or lackthereof, and its still my biggest complaint. However, according to Steam stats, there were as many people (90) playing Grey Goo in the past half hour as there were playing in a given 24 hour period back when my review originally went up. So there has been steady progress on that front as more people pick up this title.I think if you like RTSes then Grey Goo is something you would enjoy. Pick it up."
,Recommended,290790,18539108,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,SelWrynn,"The campaign was shorter than I would have liked, but its a really great game overall, I hope to see more in the future."
76561198054415183,Recommended,290790,18566912,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,syanide227,great game really works your brain in ways you didnt think of before really fun rts
76561198068446016,Recommended,290790,18561403,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,bearofg,"I don't generally review game, but I have to say because this game is being critiqued unfairly by a fair number of people. This is a ♥♥♥♥ing good game, not great but good.Ok so what I think of the game is clear so lets talk about the bad parts of the game: The campaign is quite short, i beat it in a ten hour strech, and the plot is a bit meh, and the ending was not great. The two ""normal"" races are similar, atlease when compaired to the goo. The music is ok, and gets repetitive quick. The AI can need babysiting, when there are lots of troops and targets most troops don't attack the thing you want them to and get triped up on each other.Now the good, this is one of if not the only old school rts that has been released in years, and I'm not talking about your new school star craft 2, or what ever this is old school. Maps take time and thought to complet and it does not take the reflexes of a cat or the mind of a shut in to play and be good. So if you want not only a rts but a really good one that does look pretty then this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,290790,18559155,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,darkace,"Good cinematic, difference in styles of play, but mouse controls sometimes reacts not very intuitively.Edit: Mouse controls has to be reworked. Mouse behaviour makes it much harder to play. Changing recommend to not recommend until it's fixed."
,Recommended,290790,18561955,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Ruaken,"Errmerrgerrd! Old-school RTerrS! Mah Favrit!But seriously. Where has this game been hiding? I thought RTS had died when I saw what EA was doing to the C&C series.  This game says .I.. to that noise.  Classic base-building, ""economy"" management, unit-spamming goodness for your consumption.  Not unlike what you'd expect to see if C&C (1995) and Supreme Commander had a baby.Okay, genre fangasms aside, this game looks solid. I just started and have only done the first campaign mission.  It is exactly what you think it is: tutorials. However, the tutorials are non-invasive (just a pop-up icon you can click to get details about game mechanics), and the pacing goes as fast as you want it to. Generally speaking, the game suffers a few minor nig.gles, mostly UI related, that some people will notice and others likely won't. Example, the camera movements feel a *little* jerky/unsmooth, but not too bad. Also, I want to zoom out moar! View ALL THE THINGS at once! Personal preference though.One thing I was not expecting: the first-class cinematics and the animated character faces in briefings before the missions.  They may not be quite up to the legend of Blizzard cinematic quality, but they do the job *quite* nicely, thank you.  Story is looking interesting as well.I got this game at 60% off, at which it is an amazing value.  If you are a fan of classic RTS, get it even at 50$.  Casual RTS fan? Maybe wait for another sale. Maybe.  If you get your game budget from your mom (I do realize FO4 is coming out soon)."
,Recommended,290790,18562376,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Ma Boi [TudFud],"This is a very enjoyable game. If you like fast paced RTS games without having to constantly be doing micromanagement, then I'd absolutely suggest this game for you. It is a fresh take on a fantastic game genre. Very well done!"
,Recommended,290790,18562572,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,No h8 plz,A brilliant game with a brilliant story and lore and a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ title
76561197998779711,Recommended,290790,18563566,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,KaribouSpatial,"Refreshing! I love the asymetrical factions. Each one plays differently and is quite difficult to master. The campain is wonderfully crafted. It makes the player understand little by little how to use each faction's unique properties in different situations. Also, both the story and the lore are fascinating. This game deserves much more praise and visibility than it currently has. Compared to say, Starcraft, it is a bit slower and more macro-management intensive, kinda like Supreme Commander."
76561198024573383,Recommended,290790,18563862,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,hard_drive_7,"I had high hopes when I saw Petroglyph was involved....and my hopes were rewarded. This has The feel of RTS that I have been missing for many years!amazing cinematic, great voice acting, interesting story. I actually found myself ...enjoying the game! crazy right.some might find the single player dull. but with stream workshop this game will have so much more content made by dedicated fans. definitely worth a look if you are a classic RTS fan."
,Recommended,290790,18720986,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,[7VOX] Vox_Dei_Populi,Love the game its great
76561198051490480,Recommended,290790,18717709,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Deutschlandman,Good game!
76561197993124203,Recommended,290790,18721820,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,CaseyNelson,Great game! Havent got a chance to try campaign yet mostly bought it because my friends and I were looking for a good RTS to play with each other. One thing I wish that they would add on to this game was bigger maps and allow more than four players.
76561197961296737,Recommended,290790,18565222,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Destro,love it
,Recommended,290790,18685967,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,borisbuilder,"Just finished the campaign and enjoyed the game enormously. Has been a while since I enjoyed an RTS this much, and I missed. I look forward to learning to play it better and would recommend it to anybody who has once enjoyed an RTS. :)"
76561198009316026,Recommended,290790,18178297,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Justin,"This is a really fun RTS with a lot of fun lore behind it. The gameplay, especially the unit variety, lets the game down.I'm going to compare this to Starcraft (not Starcraft II - the first one) just as a baseline.The lore is all there. Compelling story, memorable characters. It doesn't have the same sort of humour Starcraft does (in terms of unit quotations or in the story)Unit variety is its weakest point. There are only about 12 unit types per side - about eight land units, three air units, plus an epic unit (think experimental units from Supreme Commander). You have a basic unit, a light armour unit, a tank, artillery, a siege unit, and a scout - and that's it. Air units consist of a fighter, a bomber, and an air scout. No special abilities, just units. It's kind of like Supreme Commander in that sense.Upgrades...well, there are a total of 12 upgrades per side, three in four categories - and you can only pick one per category. The main thing here is that usually there's one upgrade that beats the others in terms of usability, and you'll end up picking that all the time.That said, the sides do play considerably differently while maintaining a consistent look and feel across all of them. It's a lot like Starcraft in that sense. Unless you're playing the Goo, which plays unlike anything else I've seen in an RTS.There is unfortunately a very small multiplayer community, but if you have a team ready to play or you like story-driven RTSes, really consider this game.$60 CAD is a steep asking price, but if you can nab the game on sale, do so."
,Recommended,290790,18267762,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Markz0r the Saint,"It's good if you like Oldschool RTS games.Good game, nice tactical gameplay with different factions. Fun.downside, playing on easy is way too easy, playing on normal feels a bit impossible at some times. And the game felt a bit short."
,Recommended,290790,16375034,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,DiiVox,"This is a really awesome game that reminds me of old school command and conquer games. it's a way better RTS than Starcraft is at the moment. each faction is unique, balanced, and gives you the flexibility to play the way you like with it, while also providing a gripping storyline. I highly recommend this, best purchase of my summer sale so far."
,Recommended,290790,16375919,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Norm,Gleep and Gloop are a playable factionHerculoids/10
76561198004848483,Recommended,290790,16399353,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,An adorable puppy,"This game was recommended to me by a friend at release and I support the recommendation. I enjoyed the learning curve which was not bad in terms of units but took me some time adjusting to the economy and pace.Pros+Pace is neither long winded nor over before you know it. The game regulates this with simple unit cap and depleting resources. Tech progress is more about choosing a strategy than waiting to get up to it.+Graphics are appropriately pretty without bogging me down.+ Factions are distinct and balanced well enough from my non-competitive viewpoint.+Controls are intuitive and the game is generally not super micromanage heavy.+ Premade maps are diverse and well made for their purposes.+Building a counter force is doableCons-Build order. You must have the basics taking up extremely limited space at all times because replacing them with upgraded versions will prevent all construction. I just want to ditch my little factory for a big one when the map won't let me put down a hub since there are mountains in the way. But if I do that I need to find someplace to stick a little factory otherwise I am not allowed to build anything at all.-Economy is feast or famine. Early game is just waiting for the first gatherer to finish then wait for the little drones to bring it back. It's a very boring two minutes that can only go two ways. More early variety would be nice. Then if you have enough resources it doesn't really matter since the cap prevents using them. Only one resource is also a bit boring imo.-Upgrades are available to choose from pretty early on. You only need to pick the one that corresponds to the unit or two you are using. That's it. Nothing really to work up to, If you want to play with tanks then you build a tank attachemnt and select tank upgrade. End of story no progresssion arc.-Epic units are not diverse. Each faction gets one and it's not that powerful.-AI could use some tweaks, they tend to not use the map to its advantage.All in all I think it's a good game that is catered towards shorter matches whereas I want a war not a skirmish."
76561198074353908,Recommended,290790,16399794,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,while_looper,"Enjoying it so far. This is the first game and the devs have done a great job . I am a command and conquer and star craft person with a preference for c&c . And I think grey goo is just awesome , the base building is fresh but familiar and there is a nice tech tree, you can build walls .... yaaaaay ... also the super units are pretty cool too. The cut scenes are what I would expect from a first generation RTS and are pretty decent but not quite AAA. I am 3 or 4 missions into the campaign mission and I dont really enjoy multiplayer vs humans so this has been great for me. I will check out the multiplayer and update this if it all starts to go bad but I can't see that happening, hopefully there is a 2 v2 human vs ai as i like to co-op with starcraft against the AI and would really like to do that with grey good after I finish the campaign.  This is a great RTS and if you like C&C then I reckon you will  definitely enjoy this. BUY !"
76561198070890010,Recommended,290790,16402133,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,mat.mclaren22,Great game. Slower paced than starcraft which is a positive in my book.
76561198040731272,Recommended,290790,16465512,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,imissmylung,Classic C&C style!
76561198051698320,Recommended,290790,16454960,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Knights-Templar,8/10i like this gamee it look greatlove the way there all so different but still balancedno micro here just focus on buildings and unitsthe human s alpha is hard to work out how to build but if you build one tec then link it to the large factory then you can get all 4 tec buildings on it to build the alpha
,Recommended,290790,16434703,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Razør,"Im a casual RTS player and Ive played a few good Petroglyph RTS's before and this by far one of the hardest Ive ever played. They do some awesome stuff to inovate the genre but jesus, Easy AI is like trying to argue with Hitler. Maybe its something that will be fixed in time but its hard to fall in love with a game that wants me to hate it. Ill keep goin though, keep playing and enjoying the original story with original races and Ill recommend this game even though its not QUITE where I would like to see it. Who really likes too easy of games though right?"
76561198012829426,Recommended,290790,16545774,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Garesh,"This is a great game! Look if anything else, its a great base building game. Be warned though. if you like playing as humans, this may not be the one for you. On the other hand, if you watched the Blob and emphatise towards the ever hungry , ever consuming blob then you will have fun.Best moment- Getting your mother Goo eat everything in your enemy's base.Worse moment- Oh sorr about that all a misunderstanding"
76561198001349568,Recommended,290790,16423583,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Army,C&C with Starcraft like races. Loved it
,Recommended,290790,14379730,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Autoxidation,"A nice throwback RTS. The factions are unique, especially the goo. combat micro isn't quite as intense as starcraft but feels very solid."
76561198170179550,Recommended,290790,14411109,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Ausyfish,its awsome been playing it for 8 hours now tottally recomend it
76561198059314183,Recommended,290790,14415423,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,CrazySpyro,"if you even remotely enjoyed tiberian wars, red alert or Dune play this. It is just so solidly good and not just for nostalga. The combination of mechanics in this game feels like it has learnt from past classics of the genre and their more modern failures."
,Recommended,290790,14418639,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Supah Jim,A solid old school style RTS.3 unique and different races.A good medium length campaign.Solid maps and a functioning multiplayer.For me its a solid 8/10
,Recommended,290790,14388318,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Dice2143Pls,"It's a'ight.Real fun if you're not into the StarCraft way of RTS. I don't play multiplayer, vs AI is more than enough for me and the game delivers on this. Overall good campaign."
76561198071183167,Recommended,290790,14389040,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,JackAttack,"ver fun game! i would really recommend it, but it is quite hard. i dont play too many strategy games, so maybe its not compared to some, and before you start sometimes you get the feeling, can i be botherd to do this? you really have to try. but when your in it you cant stop, you NEED to win, and you feel so immersed, because the graphics and cut scenes are amazing. buy the game! (but wait untill its on sale)"
,Recommended,290790,14390351,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,maalsc,"this game is entertaining. For first time RTS players it may be hard( atleast for me), but with every failure you make a step towards victory, towards perfection"
76561198009807795,Recommended,290790,14390948,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,oshiouk,"takes a little bit of getting used to, great solid game though, does require you to be flexible with your tactics , keeps you on your toes, could do with a few less ""timed"" missions"
76561198065641963,Recommended,290790,14394437,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Bird_of_Death,IO says let the Goo Flow!!!
,Recommended,290790,14471060,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Chapparal,"Its pretty good!A decent and compelling story, great gamplay.It understands simplicity and forces you to make choices in 2 primary ways: factories can't build everything all the time - and technology has to be chosen. Want to make your AA hit ground? You can do it, but that means your going to pass up on a ability to allow you use your artillery more effectively.The 2 humanoid factions play similiarly,The Goo play very differently - and they support multiple playstyles - make one mass of mother goo? go for it! Build your purger and constantly heal your mother goos! Want to play them regularly, or like the Zerg in starcraft? Go for it!A refreshing game."
76561198006608782,Recommended,290790,14635225,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Karuda,"Great game!!If your a fan of RTS games and you are missing C&C or waiting for the next starcraft 2 exp, you will love this game the story and graphics are great.Its 15 levels long and u get to play all of the 3 factions if you want a challenge i would play on hard but even on medium some levels will be a challenge.I Miss these sorts of games its about time someone got a good one out with a good singleplayer mode and not all about mulitplayer and this game does just that but if you like mulitplayer its very good also."
,Recommended,290790,14405036,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,[BA] Black-Ice,"Do you like Supreme Commander? You'll like thisDo you like games with minimal macro management? You'll like thisWant to use your keys as menu hotkeys to quickly build? There's keys for themThe Goo, Beta, and Humans all have a different style of play. It's amazing, really, I didn't even realise how different they all are, and yet, how similar they all are.This game really is amazing.My only qualms are the fact there are only a few skirmish maps and they are not huge-huge maps, but given the type of game, I'm not surprised, it would be too mcuh I think.There is a 200 unit limit, but you'll find this isn't that big of an issue later.I can't find a speed-up limit so farThe campaign is awesome and introduces you to the beta/humans race, I don't know if it lets you play the Goo yet. I suspect it does. It shows you how to build everything without directly telling you; playing it old school.This game was reviewed by Total Biscuit and made me buy this game. No regrets. 9/10"
,Recommended,290790,14409245,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,badders1977,"5 hours in;  good time to start a review?  Well I'm hooked;  this RTS has every aspect of C&C plus the new base development system.  It makes the joy of building a base round the original spawning point (taking into account the near-by resource areas, whilst keeping an eye on the open doors (can be secured by towers) to your new home) even more of a joy than it was before.  The engine behaves as you would expect it too with basically the same controls as (the aformentioned) C&C.  But the cut sequences, oh the cut sequences, they are a of a different class. *at the time of writing, the story is also getting quite gripping.  Can't wait to see what's next..."
,Recommended,290790,14409260,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Fullmetal Maniac,"This game is fantastic. Everyone keeps saying it but this is really what RTS is about. The westwood guys have done it again. This is one of the first RTS games that I have truly enjoyed the campaign. Everything in this game feels fresh yet similar in gameplay. Not much else to say. If you like RTS, you will like this."
76561198110521769,Recommended,290790,14601415,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,GUY-COMMAND,very very Good Game The Best RTS 2015 GAME :)
,Recommended,290790,14630502,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,OtterBlot,"Grey Goo is a highly entertaining title and I intend to make it one of my primary games to play for the next while.The only issue I'm concerned about so far is that either the AI may be too easy, or Beta faction may have way too much of an advantage over the Humans/Beta AI. I've mostly played as the Beta faction thus far, and having only a few hours of experience I've taken down normal and hard AI with little resistance and limiting myself to using just two unit types. And I haven't seriously touched an RTS since Halo Wars, and only Halo Wars. In general that's all passable, as online play exists."
,Recommended,290790,14604424,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Velo,"Grey Goo offers a fast paced stratigic game, which few games have been able to satisfy. The balence of the 3 factions seem, well.. Balenced. Each has unique options. If you can get over the hefty fee of $50, you'll find a hidden gem on the Steam Market, and even in today's gaming industry."
,Recommended,290790,14605851,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,MD7,"Very fun RTS. This one cuts down on a lot of the micro management compared to StarCraft. Unique base building for all factions. Goo was difficult to play with at first but eventually got the hang of it. Story was pretty interesting, the cutscenes were beautiful. Great game."
76561198149786577,Recommended,290790,14661487,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,wudixiaoman,I think this is a good game but the balance between factions is not good .GOO is too weak .The captain is good interested.
76561198071222893,Recommended,290790,14663812,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,WarTankPrime,Where The ♥♥♥♥ is Everyone in this game is it dead? waste of 60 bucks. IM no trashing it just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥no one pays it finally some to compete with starcraft and every GGs lol
76561198050831159,Recommended,290790,14676786,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Hot Ferret,My haiku review of Grey Goo:Grey Goo is the bestIt's classic RTS funThis goo is my jamMy rating then is 9 out of 10
76561197968319411,Recommended,290790,14679671,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,chazdraves,"Let me first say that I *cautiously* recommend this game. What I mean by that is that I *don't* recommend this game to a wide number of people, but I believe there is a subset of players that will enjoy what Grey Goo offers.Grey Goo is somewhat a return-to-form for some of the former Westwood team (Command and Conquer series), and that's very apparent here. The build, repair, sell systems bring back fond memories for me of eveything from Tiberian sun to RA3. The factions follow a lot of industry standards. Firstly, there's three of them. Second, one is very technologically advanced (ironically the Humans in this case), another is more rough-and-tumble (Beta), and the last is a force of pure destruction seemingly without conscience (Goo). See also: Protoss, Human, Zerg - or the equivalent in most other RTS games. That said, there are distinctions which make all three interesting - and the Goo provide a new sort of challenge because of their mobility. Possibly a challenge which still hasn't been properly balanced, depending on whom you ask.Performance-wise, Grey Goo (at present) is merely acceptable. A lingering issue since launch relates to stutters and the inevitable slowdown that usually occurs 10 minutes into a match. I'm talking the difference between 90fps at the start and 20fps by the end of a match. This seems to be more an issue in multiplayer/skirmish than it is in the campaign. The devs have promised this will be addressed in the next major patch within a week or two. For reference, I played the game on a GTX 760 with an i5 4690k, but users on both sides of the spectrum from my hardware have confirmed the same issue.As for the singleplayer, WETA's influence with character design is one of the stronger points. The storyline is certainly serviceable but likely won't surprise too much. Difficulty was recently more-evenly balanced than launch. Previously the game proved quite challenging even on the easiest settings.The long-short: If you're looking for a new RTS and don't mind the above-listed flaws, Grey Goo is a game from a talented team that may be worth your time. There's a lot of love here, to be certain; it's just too bad it wasn't more fully-realized at launch. If, on the other hand, you're looking for the next competitive RTS, this likely won't fit the bill. The community is small at present - though most are very nice. It's hard to say what (if anything) the devs will do to promote the game going forward, but I'd be very surprised to see it suddenly become an eSports sensation. Still, I enjoyed my 51 hours with Grey Goo."
,Recommended,290790,14579130,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,borgar,"Harkens back to the golden age of C&C.  I find the humans the trickiest to play, ironically.  Love the cutscene storyline."
76561198008752004,Recommended,290790,14564422,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Biospud,"This team created an amazing story and campaign with huge room for expansion. Seems like a solid blend of SC and C&C games, and yet unique in idea, look, and feel as to leave your head empty of comparison as Grey Good truly stands alone."
76561197982242868,Recommended,290790,14567975,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,[i]Scooba Nate,"Classic style RTS, very similar to the early Command and Conquer games. I think it is actually the same developer.So in other words you know what to expect, more or less, already.The game could use some extra polish, but is solid fun and has a great core. Check out some streams if you need to know more:http://www.twitch.tv/directory/game/Grey%20Goo"
76561198002804361,Recommended,290790,14753073,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,wavenwater,"Amazing game! lovin the look and feel of the game old school rts a lot like tiberium sun and wars! music is good and the story is really going somewhere!I just wish therre would have been more environments (1 type of environment only) and I would set the price of the game around 40$Overall amazing content, highly recommend it!I hope for an expension or a second one eventually!"
,Recommended,290790,16510106,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Tonemapped ✡,"A game made by former employees of Westwood Studios - it shows. If you enjoy Red Alert or other games, you'll find a familiar type of game-play. It's a excellent game and well worth the money."
76561198152851317,Recommended,290790,14402124,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Spacejunk,Coolest RTS since Starcraft 2 - recommended!
76561198130568882,Recommended,290790,14957364,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,L_o_S_t_U,"It's totally awesome. Like Red Alert, just my cup of teea."
76561197991779259,Recommended,290790,14974660,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,MaxiJazz,"game is good, but  is there a replay for  1v1 and 2v2 ladders? I need  replays! plz plz pretty plz"
,Recommended,290790,16377720,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,HardCore,"Very good.  If you liked the Command & Conquer series, you'll probably dig this.  The cut scenes and music are incredible!"
76561198015032586,Recommended,290790,16618935,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Phill C,"I would recomend buying this game especially if you were a fan of older CnC games, it has alot of potential for growth and is a good experience overall with the gameplay"
76561198035134571,Recommended,290790,16619574,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,TfwBrexit,"A game that reminds me an awful lot like C&C. There are 3 seperate factions with completely different play styles. Humans play a more defence play, Beta play an offensive play and the Goo are very different in respect to anything I have played before. This game is all about that early game and knowing what your enemy is doing. Building a billion of one unit doesn't work like it did in C&C and so you must build counters. Overall I really enjoy this game and I would reccomend andyone to pick this game up on sale."
76561198056795605,Recommended,290790,16687756,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,KE2012,"TL CBA to read? When your playing as either the humans and Beta's its a fun game with a good story line in single player, but boy, the Goo faction is boring, I lost all interest when I started to play as them.Slightly longer review.The game isn't the best RTS I have played, comming from AOE3 and C&C ZH I find the game has very few units, lacks things such as advanced technology developement, yes it has some tech developement but lets be honest, its pathetic, the 'upgrades' barely feel like them. Anyway this means the units you were playing with 20 mins ago were basically as effective as they are now, while this may be all good it just makes you feel like this is a 'build large army and fight game' with very little else to it, it comes repetitve quickly.Base development is interesting, all fractions have complete different gameplay mechanincs, as the Beta's you are quite mobile capable of building a base pretty much where ever you fancy, as humans, probably the most technology advanced species you are stuck in one spot for the entire game and as the goo your all over the place with nothing to call a base. Every structure for the Beta's and humans requires power and space to build, different buildings can have attatchements to increase the amount of units you can manufacture where as the goo you just have mother goos, no buildings no nothing.Everytthing else I could review just feels standard and not really news worthy.Conclusions. Fun for a few hours but gets boring, especially when playing as the goo."
,Recommended,290790,16732045,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Travous,"Great game of RTS!The game has really good graphics and beautiful cinematics and shows those classic mechanics as promised.The three factions has unique features and are also very interesting. If you want a good+ strategy game, look no further."
,Recommended,290790,16420184,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,CharreD,"Finished the campaign + DLC on easy in 17hrs. Story is good and characters feel fleshed out. Cutscene quality is amazing. Seriously the rendering and animation on the characters is almost lifelike. That coupled with the great voice-acting and sound design make for an interesting experience. The asymmetrical factions are interesting and appear to be balanced, though I'd say the Beta are probably the easiest to play with.Multiplayer seems very dead. There only appears to be Ranked 1v1s happening. Sat in a queue for unranked 2v2 for about 10mins before giving up and playing a skirmish with bots. Game became a lagfest part way through when the AI decided to mass units and have them just sit in their bases. Couldn't push in with an army so ended up needing an epic to clear them out.Grabbed it at -60% during a steam sale and think it was worth the money. Don't think I'd pay the full price for it though as I don't think there's enough content to warrant it. Keen to see the next installment in the story."
,Recommended,290790,16439953,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Desert Fox,"Fun to Play, Beautiful to Watch"
76561198079897593,Recommended,290790,16656620,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,jawzx01,"TL;DR: It’s a good game. Buy it.I like this game quite a bit; it's not perfect to be fair but it is quite good and worth buying. There isquite a bit of content if are willing to go beyond the story -- for both those interested in multiplayer (competitive or otherwise) and scrim players. I’m honestly home for more RTS games from GreyBox. They did a great job on this. I regret not buying it sooner but these days you never know.Performance wise, its fine. I get some frame dips once I’ve maxed my supply it (200 units). This might be a limitation of the engine or my CPU but it’s worth mentioning. Note that I’ve ran this on both a desktop w/ a 7950 and a laptop with a NVS 3100M (a business laptop graphics card). Both are more than playable but the latter card need most of the video settings turned off -- common with most games. This is all nit-picky though but I like to mention something of how it runs.I’ve had no crashes or start up issues (running on Windows 8.1 [primary] and Window 7 [laptop])."
76561198011174524,Recommended,290790,16661363,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Paraffliction,Im loven it!
76561198160515538,Recommended,290790,16663691,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,IGotStuckWithThis,this game is what i have been looking for along time. I love rts games with a passion and this game has exceeded my expectations. I recomend Grey Goo to anyone that likes to have fun making a big mess across the battlefield.456372/10
,Recommended,290790,16713557,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Daniel,starcraft for those of us who cant do 200 actions per minute.
,Recommended,290790,20797178,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Forthaxe,"A Solid 8/10 Grey Goo harkens back to the RTS games of old (Westwood C&C) with fluid and viceral gameplay across each of the 3 factions campaigns supported buy amazing, and completely unexpected, cinematics and cut scenes and topped off with a soundtrack by Frank Klepacki this game is a diamond in the rough of todays RTS market. If you loved C&C Red Alert and C&C Tiberium Sun consider Grey Goo their spiritual successor.But after all the praise 'Grey Goo' IS probably the crappiest name they could have come up with. What did they do pull random names from a hat?"
,Recommended,290790,21339886,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Caine,"I enjoy it. So why not try it? I guess you might not have money, but when you do."
76561198053969434,Recommended,290790,21496107,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Yanoi~SA,"Such a CAC Red Alert type play. Servearly limited unit limit. Tiny map's. Low build area environment's. Good interactive map features.AI seem's to know what to do.Their ultimate unit's could be more powerfull and not take 5 minute's to kill one another.I guess this is a 2014 dumbed down version of the greatest RTS ever made.Out of 100, 75 seem's best. Didn't make me bored enough to close the application and not immersive enough to give a higher score."
,Recommended,290790,20157579,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Balbisiana King of Bananas,I first found this game on my discovery queue. I really liked the concept and added it to my wishlist. It had a free weekend and played it for as long as I could since I didn't have the money at the time. I really enjoyed the game and am looking forward to playing it now that it's on sale. Buying both the game and the expansion. I will update as I play.
,Recommended,290790,20231577,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ΖΣͲΣϹ ΚԼІΠͲНΘЅ,This game is one of the best ones I have played thus far.  I love the three factions to chose from as it gives us something else to use once we are bored of one.  Also the game-play for each faction is very unique so it gives the game a large amount of variety.  The epic units are just that EPIC complete destruction to the other team once you get it or to you if your component gets it when you are not prepared.  Would like to see a continuation of the story however showing the fight against the silent ones and with the adition of a new faction.  this would greatly increase the replay value.
76561198007187853,Recommended,290790,20234412,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Sandy Jasmin,"The Game doesn't try to be a C&C Clone or to be as deep in strategy as Earth 2160.Basicly there are 3 different Factions with, a round 12 different Units on each side, some Buildings and thats it.Some Units of the BETA can mount a wall, to make a relativ strong defense, The Humans can teleport buildings and Units and the Goo... well they play very different and remind me really to the aliens of Earth 2160, from a certain point of view.Waht I want to say is, that  exept the described abilities, there are no special abilities wich you can activate, like in C&C ior Earth 2160, which makes one thinking the game would missing content, and somehow I think that too, but for example chess has also just a few different units, movement rules but no special abilities, but no one would say it would lack in content or its strategies are easy.I like  Grey Goo, and think with what we have here, it is still possible to have a certain depth in strategy and tactic.But a lot more Content and maybe even game mechenics, would't be bad.SOMETHING which I realy miss is a levelsystem, which would make the Game so or so better and would give some Units more Value.One Game which I like also is Mashines at War 3, which also has a nice simple levelsystem or Earth 2160Pros:- Good Graphic and Ingame Videos- Rock,cissor, paper principe and Line of sight, Hights advantage- Sound is good- Factions are different which means at least 3 Strategic aproaches- Nice Campaign- Relative Balanced- Super UnitsCons:- No Unit Levels ( like in C&C etc.)- Not so much Content ( Its my personel meaning)I would buy it on discounts, like I did a few weeks ago, during wintersale.I hope I could help some people to consider a purchase."
76561198035801064,Recommended,290790,20157083,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Heavenly SuperBee,Grey Goo was neither Grey nor Gooey. Zero Stars
76561198010061755,Not Recommended,290790,19639710,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Epicism,"I had a lot of hope for Grey Goo, but unfortunately I find that it comes up short in a lot of ways. First, the game is highly polished, but simplistic in nature. Every race has basically the same X number of units that are variations of the same thing. Second the building mechanics and upgrade paths are very simple leaving little variations for progressive strategy in the late game, except for humans who have to build a link to new locations, so things like hills mean that you're completely locked in or cannot easily expand to new areas easily. Third the goo's mother form is just annoying.It's too bad because I had high hopes for this game. I'm an avid Star Craft player, but sometimes I'm annoyed by how geared the game is to the extreme Korean players and thought that Grey Goo might take it down to a level of fun instead of extreme competition. But, unfortunately, I felt like I was playing a strategy game for teens instead.Le sigh."
76561198065996721,Recommended,290790,19919831,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Bagman235,"An asymetrical breath of fresh air for fans of older style strategy games, such as Starcraft or Command and Conquer before they screwed up the franchise with C&C 4: Tiberium Twilight."
,Recommended,290790,20019522,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,[TKE] TheMightySeth,This game brought my expectation when i didnt think it was going to be great. Great story and grapics and love the three factions in the game when my favorite was playing as the Goo faction not because their are better but they more fun to play and more interesting the the other two
,Recommended,290790,15423778,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Euakta,"Very good game, new maps have beem released and that fixed the only real complaint about the game."
76561198011895512,Recommended,290790,20105355,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Civil,"A well made asymmetric RTS with an engaging story (which could have been longer, but was well worth the price)I'm not a competitive RTS player, but I've always enjoyed them and this game is a worthy addition to the genre"
,Recommended,290790,20724420,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,01cool,I really enjoyed this game. For me it is a good combination of StartCraft and Command and Conquer.
76561197985483054,Recommended,290790,20759501,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Dandy,Enjoyable game but I have only been playing the campaign.
76561198145739954,Recommended,290790,17793275,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Kvilhaugen,"Grey Goo ReviewPros:- Game is a ton of fun.- Singleplayer is great and exiting.- Multiplayer is dead, but if you have enough players it is really fun.- Lots of ways to play the game.- Even more fun to play multiplayer with your friend against AI`s.- Game has easy, medium and hard mode (singleplayer)  Even more on Multiplayer.Cons- I`d say you need a quite high end PC to run this game, as i find it quite badly optimized.- Singleplayer is a little too short, and missing some key features.- DLC Singleplayer containes only of 3 missions, they are fun but didn`t fill in the missing gaps.- Some bugs, including massive delay, and units not wanting to move at all.- Game is a little too challenging at first, leading to new players having a bad time the first few hours."
76561198079614334,Recommended,290790,25793164,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,gwolffe356,"RTS is not my favorite genre of game but I must say that Grey Goo is one of the most-liked and most-played games I own. I am of the opinion that a good story is what ultimately makes or breaks a game for me, and this one is a superb sci-fi that seems believable enough in its depiction of science and the advance of technology to maintain my suspension of disbelief throughout the game. Adding to that was the quality of the cinematic graphics, which were so life-like for the human characters in particular that at first I thought they'd been filmed with live actors.As for the gameplay itself I appreciate how they designed each faction to cater to a particular tactical bent, and yet also be sufficiently adaptable for tactical styles to be overlapped in each faction. One feature in particular that I appreciate, that has been absent in other RTS games I have played, is the ability to select all of one type of selected unit at a time, so that you don't have to micro-manage your units, like I've had to do in games like Command and Conquer. It requires a lot of processing power though to render all of gameplay in great detail, more than my computer can provide without lagging, but even on its lowest settings it is still very detailed and beautiful, and runs at a decent speed.My only real complaint at this time is that the fourth and final faction, the Shroud, does not seem to have been sufficiently developed for balanced gameplay, such that, for the main antagonists of the story, they are not difficult to beat in skirmishes, but I assume further fine tuning is to come.Overall, I find it to be a very respectable RTS with an engaging backstory that I eagerly await the conclusion of."
76561198041080089,Recommended,290790,25976900,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Daddy Warbucks,Its no StarCraft or Coh strat wise but that does not mean this game could get there. It is spinning and odd web bewtween total anhilaiiton and starcraft. The plot is there but the xeno enemies are original but the gameplay istelf is underwhelming.
,Recommended,290790,23633857,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Shadow Kari,The major issue i have is with the AI wich seems a bit unfair.Overall this game is a solid attempt of bringing the RTS genre back wich the gaming industry requires a lot.
76561197970666880,Recommended,290790,23638224,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Ashaen,"The ""betterest"" Command and Conquer alternative to Starcraft 2 with ""awesomerest"" graphics."
,Recommended,290790,23644733,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Cnids,"I've actually never played an RTS game before, and I picked this one up because it was on sale and I liked the design of the robot on the box art (yeah I'm trash like that).Though I haven't played an RTS before, I've been having a lot of fun with the game.  The tutorials are easy enough to follow, and I've been able to get through a good chunk of the campaign without being obliterated.  I hope to turn the difficulty up once I get more experienced, but it's fine on easy for newcomers to the genre."
,Recommended,290790,29794723,Posted: 8 February,all,SpiroDiscoBall,I had a fun time playing... just waiting for ques were too long and game had a bad start.
,Recommended,290790,29074532,Posted: 6 January,all,Dough Daddy.,"Closest to a Starcraft clone from what I've found. Fun game, factions are unique enough to get a different feel per race. I've only played skirmish so I can't comment on the story or multiplayer, but the game is fun for sure."
,Recommended,290790,32909897,Posted: 27 June,all,The Emperor,"Grey Goo is a bit overpriced when I got it, and probably still is. It's very hard to run on your computer, but you should check it out if it's on a sell. There are three factions, each focusing on a certain game play.Goo- Attack.Aliens- Defence.Humans- Middle ground."
76561198037718661,Recommended,290790,32876223,Posted: 27 June,all,ravanis,"Red alert player and this just like that, nice game."
76561198273269985,Recommended,290790,33444454,Posted: 10 July,all,SolStice245,"I've played RTS for a good part of my life, having played titles such as StarCraft and Supreme Commander, and Grey Goo is easily among my favorites. (If not my favorite at the moment)While the game isn't without it's issues, it's polished in all reasonable extents. The macro can be a bit more intensive for the Goo and Shroud factions, but it's also more simple, for lack of tech attachments being involved. Beta and Humans, while having tech attachments to account for, have incredibly easy macro, with the ability to auto queue factories. (A bonus for humans is that you can teleport tech attachments, to rearrange your tech to make different units types you might need)Outside of positioning, and some splitting, not alot of micro is required to play well, but there are cases individual unit control can make a big difference. (Largely in the early game, and especially races such as Goo, since they rely largely on the terrain to gain advantage, as well as their units regeneration) Manually targeting with artillary (Using Alt+Right click) can also make a world of difference, and isn't terribly difficult by any means. Something of note, is that having good reaction time and speed is a huge benefit, but isn't all there is to it.Overall, I believe Grey Goo is a wonderful game, that I have been playing on and off for about a year now, and have become fairly skilled in at least a few of the races. If you have a desire to learn how to play, in a competitive sense, I am fully willing to help you learn what you need to know to at least get decent."
,Recommended,290790,33481647,Posted: 12 July,all,ultramegaface,This is the Westwood inspired game you've been waiting for. Like C&C? Miss C&C?Get Grey Goo and add me so we can stop this threat once and for all!
76561198044082859,Not Recommended,290790,33300827,Posted: 5 July,all,ed_ulisespz,"Conclusion:If you have a C&C itch that needs scratchingandthe game it’s on 5 bucks or less, go ahead.Beside that there no reason to have this in your library, not the story, not the gameplay, not the graphics, not the multiplayer (which is dead, go figure).It’s a guilty pleasure.Summary:-great art-nostalgia (this is big)… That’s itCons:-the gameplay it’s not very refined-the design of the units and terrain it’s a hit and miss, easy confuse or lacking imagination (all human units looks the same)-the UI-the hole performance department (this is important)Grey goo tries to emulate the feeling of the Command & Conquer saga, particularly C&C3 BUT it fails in a lot of fronts, first, the gameplay it’s not as smooth or well thought out as C&C3, the tech tree its almost useless, little unit variety between two of the 3 factions in the main game and incredible disappointing super units are some of the more noticeable flaws.The best designed faction by far are the Betas, their base building mechanics are the most profound and refined, starting with the ability to create different build layouts from one central hub, with it’s like a small puzzle and give to a lot of building variety and flexibility, and tis super weapon its by far the most useful on the whole game.But, again, it lacks some things, the hole air gameplay feels poor and the air unit handling its limited, for each aircraft you need a space for that aircraft, but its missing something so simple as a “recall bottom” for the aircraft to rearm, in C&C you can use your flying units as an special strike team, for example you have 3 fighter-bomber and you have the liberty to control them manually or simple give them an specific mission, here that mechanic feels flawed because you can’t order your ship to return to base and then come back at least not as easily.Most of the units of the two factions are extremely similar, not only in function, but the design too, for some reason both factions main tank has twin cannons and mostly have the same behavior.The human’s base building it’s a mess in my opinion; the pipe based layout feels useless and cumbersome and the humans attachments position feels super awkward, it very notorious when you have a grid base building in a map that it’s not grid base.Lastly the performance, its poor, very poor, there it’sshuttering in the cinematicspoor… so yea… not very good.Conclusion:But it if you have a C&C itch that needs scratching and the game it’s on 5 bucks or less, go ahead.Beside that there no reason to have this in your library, not the story, not the gameplay, not the graphics, not the multiplayer (which is dead, go figure)."
76561198160203368,Recommended,290790,33414226,Posted: 9 July,all,XMachHunt21,This game is one of those games where if you are new to strategy this game is easy to grasp and for those hardcore strategy gamers can enjoy this game as well because of the many factions difficulties etc.
76561198153292198,Recommended,290790,33247266,Posted: 4 July,all,ZaeCathe,A wonderful little RTS that you can play with your friends.
76561198264246207,Recommended,290790,33363492,Posted: 7 July,all,cjporter,"fully enjoyed the single player, cant give a full review as i never bother playing online in these types of games. fully recommend people buy it! even at full price."
76561197982877381,Not Recommended,290790,14845576,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Dethstarr,"Can you say bland? Can you say dull, if you stretch the old vocab, can you feel banal. Welcome.This is terrible gameplay.  Absolutely linear, utterly tedious..  Tech is great, graphics are acceptable. It doesnt die from bugs etc. Its just boring. I mean, really really boring.  You could buy this and spend money to watch this paint dry. Or, you could kill yourself and save a lot of time.Seriously, its pathetic.  So boring, I cant be bothered to write more than this."
76561198126386249,Recommended,290790,34364976,Posted: 19 August,all,TheDefectivePawn,"Short, that's all I gotta say. It's how long the campaign is, it's how long matches last, it's the number of players that can be in a match, it's the unit variety. No, I don't really mind, because I got it for stupid cheap at the time, but don't buy it for full price. I think it's price is only higher because they planned on making money off the steam sales."
76561198032728874,Recommended,290790,34218836,Posted: 13 August,all,inversed,"A solid traditional style RTS with some unique mechanics. The online is pretty much dead, so you most likely won't be able to join any multiplayer matches. On the other hand, if you're looking for a single player RTS experience I can easily recommend Grey Goo. Beautiful cutscenes and nice overall aesthetics. The campaign is 16 missions long (5 for each race + bonus mission). The fourth race, the Shroud, is the most unique one, but you can only play it in multiplayer or skirmish against AI. Some dislike the campaign because it can be a bit difficult at times on the hard difficulty. Some missions require you to defend tenaciously, but as long as you are mindful of each race's defensive resources you should be fine."
,Recommended,290790,34266045,Posted: 15 August,all,AviKerensky,"An amusing game. I was initially drawn in my Frank Klepacki's work on it (He also did the music for the Red Alert series), and after looking it over, gave it a chance. It is a good game, if a slight departure from the usual RTS system."
,Recommended,290790,34654238,Posted: 1 September,all,Dr. Badnews,"other than the AI being designed to let the player♥♥♥♥♥♥on, the game brings back the old school RTS feel to it"
,Recommended,290790,35150932,Posted: 23 September,all,LaRZy,7.9/10
76561198014787891,Not Recommended,290790,35477914,Posted: 4 October,all,Sentinel,Went to play it one day and all of my campaign progress is gone. had just played it the night before with no problems. How does that happen?
