user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198007695865,Recommended,291190,21089023,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ValkyrieMoon,"Around 58 hours I played this and that was before all the great updates and the latest expansion(free expansions). I could have went on playing much more, this game is HUGE> Huge world with many dungeons to explore. much loot to find, many characters to encounter, upgrading system, great world map, towns to explore, skills to try on enemies, interesting story and quests, and much more. I enjoy this game so much and I plan on starting over because so much has been added. Also great developers that will help with anything, so hands on. One of my surprise games for sure, also I found myself getting attached to my team. Knowing them and their backstories really added to the fun."
76561198009007200,Recommended,291190,20392827,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,The13thlemon,"A turn-based party RPG from one of the most active Developers on steam. Full respect for the time and effort the Trese brothers put into their games. Personally I ran into a very minor issue with the game, the dev responded instantly and a patch was out the following day. What more could I ask for? That shows a lot of passion and dedication to their product.Constant patches/improvements, always active on the forums and actually talking to their players.The combat system is solid with 8 different characters to choose from to make your party of 4.The story and characters are well written and interesting including their interactions between each other.A range of weapons, armour and other equipment can either be looted or purchased from merchants including the ever necessary consumables.Skill/talent and stat points as you level, and easy respecing.Personally I quite enjoy the art style in the game and zooming in the combat map the character models still look good.I've been having a lot more fun with this game then I expected, it's definitaly worth it's asking price.I'm looking forward to sinking a lot more time into this over the weekend.Trese brothers are ones to watch, truly passionate game creation wizards. This game and Templar Battleforce have won my loyalty. Side note it is really worth checking out Templar Battleforce as well :)"
76561198053107288,Not Recommended,291190,11328806,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,kevan_w,"Graphics (3/5):  HoS is one of those games that has an odd dissonance when it comes to graphics.  The tile system used is well-done, and the spell effects are pretty good for this grade of indie RPG.  However, the portraits are fairly crude in comparison.  Given the limitations of an indie dev, I can't really rag on this too much, but it's a little jarring to see nice effects and tilesets while the portraits look like they've been done in photoshop solely with a round brush.  I don't demand mindblowing graphics, but this is just something that I've always found kinda funny with a lot of indie RPGs.Sound (3/5):  I have to admit, when I'm gaming casually I often turn off the sound effects and listen to an audiobook or something instead.  However, what I have heard from HoS is quite pleasing.  The opening theme is decent, the sound effects and ambiance are nice, and overall it's quite acceptable.Interface (1/5):  This is HoS' biggest stumbling block by far.  While HoS may have a compelling story and a decent advancement system, these are overshadowed by the fact that navigating the game is a clunky, inefficient affair.  Two main examples stand out:First, movement.  On the combat screen one must double-click to move a character.  This is a smart way to do things, preventing the player from making a wrong move due to an accidental misclick.  Yet outside of combat clicking once moves the character, while clicking a second time while the character is in transit cancels the move.  The difference means that right after combat when I've been double-clicking to get around, I must take a few seconds to re-train myself to NOT double-click once I'm heading back to town.  While this sounds like a mild annoyance, consider having to do this after each combat.It gets worse, however.  Moving across a map is a sluggish affair in any game, and good design means streamlining this as much as possible.  For example, a Run option helps you zip around just a bit quicker.  Tales of Maj'Eyal takes this to a major extreme, where the player zooms around the map faster than the eye can follow.With HoS however, a player must click a point around 7-8 spaces away, wait while the sprite trots to the spot, then click again to move another 7-8 spaces.  While the lag time between clicks is no more than two seconds, it adds up to a player pressing a button for an instant and being forced to wait, while remembering not to click again if you get impatient as this would halt the character.  In any good game, you want the player to interact as much as possible with the game itself, and in HoS movement is an exercise in absolute tedium as interaction occurs in sporadic instants, with forced waiting in between.Why not have the movement operate as in, say, Baldur's Gate, and every other game of this like, where a second click moves you to that new position?  Or add WASD functionality that grants the player real-time control of movement?  Even if it's just moving a character, at the very least the player is INTERACTING.The second major problem is the menu system, which smacks of recycled code.  This is particularly egregious when leveling your character:  each character must click through three independent screens to modify stats, skills, and talents, and each screen only allows three or four options to be displayed at a time.  This organization of the data is crude, as comparison between different items or skills must be done by scrolling up and down, limiting effective side-by-side analysis.Dialogue uses the same menu system: in one instant the player is on the game map clicking on a store icon, and in the next the entire screen is obscured by dialogue options (again, showing only three or four at a time).  The player is thus dragged back and forth between talking portraits and a full-screen list of options.  Not only does this break game immersion, it's again impossible to think over the options carefully and weigh your choices.At best the menu interface is just inelegant.  At worst it hinders the player's ability to weigh his choices well.  While the designers had good intentions by wanting to offer a good quantity of information for each choice, the fact that this data forces us to analyze so few options at a time (and in sequence no less) utterly eliminates this minor advantage.  This is by far the worst interface I've seen in an RPG.Story (2/5):  HoS may have decent story going for it, but it unveils this poorly.  The trope of four prisoners banding together to break out is a good starter, but at the same time we are offered very little lore about the world.  I don't know anything about the enemy or the protagonists at the outset, so I feel no awe, trepidation, or empathy in the first few hours of play.Consider this:  A solid novel grabs the reader and immerses him in its world by the first chapter, hopefully with the first paragraph.  It quickly introduces enough details about the world and the characters within it that the reader gets a good frame of reference to how things work and what the characters are like.  The intro inspires him to keep going.  A game must be able to do the same thing.We get a bit of solid interaction between the four protagonists in the prison, and hints of their personalities bubble to the surface.  It then takes perhaps half an hour to an hour of play to escape the compound they've been trapped in.  It is at this point that some more character and worldbuilding would be appropriate.Instead, the characters must slog through a maze of tunnels to reach the first town.  That not only means a LOT of tedious navigation (as mentioned earlier), but it blocks any opportunities for motives, personalities, culture, or history to be revealed.  It's only after a couple more hours of combat that we get some small cutscene where the characters are chatting in an inn and their quirks and goals rise to the surface.There's definitely a world to explore and people to come to love.  However, there's too long of a fuse and very little payoff that I've seen after four hours of play.Gameplay (2/5):  HoS is moderately fun, past the interface.  The combats are decently scripted, and the system is straightforward.  The four class choices are the standard fantasy tropes of warrior, wizard, cleric, and thief.  These tropes are fine, yet not nearly enough work is invested in making these classes novel or interesting.  Each class has only about ten or so unique talents:  some of which unfortunately make others redundant (giving wizards the ability to unlock doors and disarm traps has ALWAYS robbed thieves of their unique utility).  Frankly, even the high-level talents aren't anything to write home about, and so it's very hard to get excited about leveling up.Overall (2/5):  I decided to review HoS not because I had a particularly good or bad experience.  Rather, I decided to take my time reviewing this because I see genuine potential in the indie dev's work.  Unfortunately, not enough care was given to the logistics of gameplay, the appeal of the setting, or the fun factor of the system.  I bought this game hoping for a tactical RPG experience that would grab me, but was ultimately disappointed with clunky controls, an uninspiring class system, and insufficient development to tell me ""Hey this game promises a great experience.  PLAY ME!""With so many indie games coming out and so little time in one's life to play them all, a game has to grab a player immediately with the promise that the time investment is worth it, and operate smoothly enough to ensure that this promise is fulfilled quickly.  Unfortunately, HoS does neither of these.  Yet I do wish the Trese Brothers the best, and hope that they learn and grow from this experience."
76561197982893207,Recommended,291190,18235580,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Godwin,"Really nice RPG with a cool story.Lots of fighting, big dungeons, cool premise (society had to go underground). I just completed Act 1 of Episode 1, there are 3 full episodes now, with a 4th coming, each with about 2 Acts. So at 40 hours I am about 1/8th of the way in (admittedly, I like to take my time and left the game running while tending to other stuff quite a lot, but still, plenty of content!).Episodes by the way are all included in the game, it's just their word for chapter, there is no additional DLC/expansion.I like the story and the way the characters talk to each other. The combat is fun.All in all this game has a lot of charm, and for me that's plenty of reason to keep playing. At 10 euros it's a very good deal imo, even if it sometimes feels a bit crude/rough around the edges (just adds to the charm).It comes across as a game created with a lot of love and passion, and it's very well supported by the devs, and that's also a big plus imo.EDIT: Wow, the story really opens up in Act 2 of Episode 1! :D"
76561198023467697,Not Recommended,291190,32631272,Posted: 21 June,all,Nightmyre,"Started off well, and perhaps if I had played for longer it might have grown on me. But the second I got to the point where it told me that to detect traps I'd have to manually search every tile one at a time, I decided it wasn't worth the effort and money to see if the rest of the game played any differently."
76561198072233822,Not Recommended,291190,30985166,Posted: 6 April,all,IllegalMonitorStateException,Almost 5 hours and I cant stand this game anymore. There is so much pointless and prolonged combat that the game became timersome rather than fun. I couldnt stand it after 5 hours of doing the same combat over and over again.
,Recommended,291190,14542112,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Telparion,"Now guys let me tell you:This game has more WARHAMMER QUEST feeling to it than even the Warhammer Quest mobile port. It's my opinion, not fact, but I really felt that WQ boardgame flavor when I played, and I can tell you it is a great feeling.How can it be so?It doesn't have random quests and although it seems to possibly have some random loot, Heroes of Steel has a real story to live, not a short theme for a quick mission.I believe it comes from its top view and tactical combat system, but also thanks to the danger the game puts your heroes through. In WQ mobile port, you do not feel the threat. In Heroes of Steel, you do - you feel hunted, you want to survive until the next safe spot, and you'll do your best to get to it.Now let's get deeper into this review.Good points are that:Heroes of Steel surprised me with quality tactical combat, interesting choices and great dialogues! Enough qualities to make you purchase it.Read below to know more about the weak spots in the game, but if you want to enjoy nice boardgame tactical combat, well written dialogues, and a nice ""party roleplaying"" aspect, you may go for it.The dialogues are very well written and make us feel like on a serious tabletop RPG. There are nice reactions between teammaters and we know something more is to discover here. We want to see the next steps. The game also feels like having a great duration to it. I only got to the first town here and there surely are a lot more hours to put into the game.The choices themselves, though sometimes limited between two paths to get through, are interesting enough; the game makes you feel the danger, threats can get really oppressive (I so much wanted to get out of the caverns!) and the camp spots make sure you are always on your guard as you'll always be lacking healing options. In an atmosphere like this, even picking a path is great, especially as taking the dangerous one also triggers nice dialogues (see above :) ) between your characters.As for the tactics, some combats are really tough, but moreover,  the skill and AP system is very well implemented. With each character's progression you have to make some interesting decisions. After playing dozens of roguelikes and RPGs, I feel Heroes of Steel has a very nice system deserving to be at the top 10 of these games.The art and UI were the two elements that really frustrated me at the beginning. The art is original but doesn't always have the ""pro"" touch. 2D indie games need great 2D art (at least a few pics of them) and here this is something that is a bit lacking. Some arts are ""hit or miss"". Still, the game is more than good enough to make you enjoy the rest. It's just an area that could have given me even more pleasure.The UI especially made me uneasy. I wasn't used to it. I left first, but after coming back to the game and going through just a few fights, I began to like it more and now the UI is as good as the rest.I really think the strengths of the game are:- the quality of its writing and dialogue: a very good surprise here,- the quality of its combat system: even though there are sometimes LOTS of fights, it still stands as a very good system.- quality in character progression, I mean that with four characters to upgrade, most games fail here but this one still keeps interesting choices.- and a strong Warhammer Quest boardgame flavor!Heroes of Steel then ends as a very good indie RPG and a game to recommend."
76561198035701753,Recommended,291190,9914912,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,foggylawson,"I've been playing this game for several months on my Kindle Fire.  I'm so glad it's finally on Steam.  The PC version is great because you get the bigger screen, keyboard commands and quick keys, and easy zoom.  The game is otherwise the same as the mobile versions.  This is an enormous game which is not yet complete, and is constantly changing.  I keep telling myself I will play something else but everytime there is a new update (which is very frequent, sometimes 2 per week) I have to try out the changes.  There is one more character to be released, the Dueler, a warrior.  To briefly describe the game: it is a turn based RPG with the standard 4 characters of warrior, cleric, thief and magician.  The tactics part comes as you learn to fight the various monsters in this world and work on building your party with talents that complement and enhance each other.  You can spend months just trying different character builds to see how they work and which characters they work best with.  The replayability is incredible.  Don't think you'll become bored by seeing the same maps over and over.  The updates I mentioned often come with new bosses, new secret doors, new sidequests, new areas . . . as I mentioned before the game is constantly changing.  You can play at several difficulty levels from easy to nightmare (for those gluttons for punishment).  I know that other reviews will tell about the storyline plus you can read the description from the developers, so I won't go into that except to say that it is complex and very interesting.  Heroes of Steel provides you so much value for your money. It is larger than many games I have bought at two or three times the price and will keep you entertained far longer.This review has gotten too long, I need to go back to the game!If you want to see a tutorial to learn more about gameplay go to:http://www.indiegameguides.com/Heroes-of-Steel/tutorial"
76561198026427823,Recommended,291190,17805308,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Dogtown1,"this is one of those games that brings back fond memories of the good old dayswhen games did not need to look like ""Skyrim"" to be fun, it needed a story and characters that kept you glued to the screen and you have to keep playing into the late hours to see what happens nextif turn based tactical with a touch of ""D&D"" is your thing, you should enjoy this game, and its just 10 bucksthere are some negative reviews around the graphics and sound of the game but if you check the modding section in the forums, you will find two mods that really make a change"
76561198001081610,Recommended,291190,24759839,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,rigatorigato,"So I have played this game for many hours and have mixed feelings about it although I would still recommend it.  Read on.ProsLong gameLots of fightingGreat priceSome of the story is pretty coolDevs improve the game with timeCons:In general, game mechanics are annoying and these annoyances are more and more visible as you play to the point of fustration it seems.  Read on...You have 4 characters which are hardwired to respond to a certain situationand you have no choice but to click thru their dialog almost 95% of the time.   You have no control as to their decisions or actions.I wish there was a clickable in game link that describes game mehanics better because otherwise your not certain why certain things do what they do especially in combat.The characters dont level evenly and its undpredictable why some characters advance then lag behind.  I cant tell if its because the character doesnt get the kill shot or what.   You can raise a skill, attribute, or talent but these upgrade with levels in an unpredictable way and its not the same for all characters.Your characters can become weak pretty easily in this game because you have to dump points into one skill to keep up with enemies who always level as fast as you no matter what.  What ends up happening is that youll get new skills to invest in but they start of weak and are SP intensive, and so if you spend points on it (one point at a time max per level), its weak and ineffective.  Now you diverested a precious skill point away from  your main skill which is in essence now weaker, thanks to  monsters progressing as fast as you, no matter what, and their defenses are better but isnt keeping up.  I hate this mechanic.  You can respec only after a long long time assuming you get the crystals along the way.Every single monster seems to be your level +1.  No matter what.  Very bland.  Its seems they level up even when you havent trained when acheiving a new level.  Xp for the vast majority of the game was just as predictable.  You get  XP based on level  of the monster.  So for tough monsters would give the same xp as weak ones, no matter the monster type, always.Fights are too closely spaced and are repetitive, you feel like you just want to get it over with at times.  Other times your characters hit a story node, get shuffled into the worst position for combat, and are vulnerable from the start.  Remember It doesnt seem like you can actively save.  If you die you can restart the last round of combat or go back to some predetermined story node.  I quit the game because I was forced to repeat a portion of it due to the bad positioning of my party from a story node.  This along with the rest of the mechanics made me had enough.Character gear is strange.  You only have 4 slots and you cant have two of the same.  I can only have one gauntlet, boots, cape and a ring say, but I cant wear a mantle or a necklace then or 4 rings.  Really?Loot needs to be better distributed.  The fighter especially is dependent on gear.  I went thru at least 10-12 levels without a significant upgrade and he was less and less effective than say the mage.   You go through levels and levels without seeing a shop to upgrade if you can at all, because the characters are very restricted in their weapons.  The fighter for instance cant use any ranged weapon.  The mage can only use a staff.  The cleric just maces.  Need more flexibility.Get rid of locked chests altogether.  You dont need any skill to open chests except that you must have a theif open the chest with his talent which he comes with by default.  Why make me have to selecte a theif, click on his talent, just to open a chest which he can open regardless of his level or skill.  You cant party selelect to open a chest so this is just annoying.  I spent points in lockpicking and it turns out that doesnt help you open chests.  Now I dumped points into a near uselsss skill, and I cant respec the theif,Combat.  When combat starts, it sounds like a wolf growled at you.  Everytime.  When you find a secret same sound, so you think your about to fight.   Lets change this.  Mislead me for a long while.  Then there is the fog of war that come with combat and you cant see beyond 6 or 7 squares.  But the enemy can see YOU and can HIT you even when you dont have a weapon or skill that can reach that far, and you cant see that far.  These are simple humans we are talking about not to mention the monsters.  You cant loot their weapons to even the score after the fight since you never get gear from a fight.  Just gold.  These enemies can also hit you up close or from far away with ranged weapons.  Your characters cant hit anything next to them except for a melee weapon so they have to back off a square.   I wish your enemy counterparts were under the same mechanics as you."
76561198059740220,Recommended,291190,16532225,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,BigRowdy,Excellent Turn based squad game.Pros:Good storyGreat character developmentEngaging missions and storyWont hold your handabillities and stats that all matter8 unique characters of which you can choose 4can group all characters together and move as far as you want on map...unless you encounter baddies!outstanding pathfindingGood ambience and music although you may want to turn music down as combat music is a bit loud.Different difficulty settingsConscan't build your own characterFinal verdict: if your looking for a good turn based squad fantasy game look no more. I have several and this is my favorite so far. The graphics my not be stellar but they are charming and yhe idle animations make the characters look alive. The game is very intuitive and easy to learn. For those looking a fun old school style tbs rpg you found it9/10
76561197975551886,Recommended,291190,23569878,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Verdactica,"It's a really fun game,  and expansive.   They pack a whole lot of interesting story into pretty concise dialogue,  and I'm surprised at how addicting game play is.   For those of you who want an epic, solo RPG where you still get to use your imagination instead of being force-fed every detail,  this is the game for you.    There are so many different types of monsters,  so many different strategies and combinations of how you can put your party together.    It's a very well done and polished game.    I hope they either release an expansion via DLC or create another,  similar game so I can support them to create more cool games like this.  Just like a pen and paper campaign,  it takes time for the story to unfold,   but the world setting is unique and really enjoyable.   Best value for hours played so far for me for any game I've bought on Steam in recent memory."
76561197992135430,Recommended,291190,18392772,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,SouthLane,"Okay, First look, let's see what we have here.We have.- A low price- Simple graphics- Slightly clunky UIExcept for the low prise let's ignore those for now and see what else we have.- A really good story that keeps to immersed at all times.- Good turn based tactical combat.- Interesting talents/skills.- A massive game that the developers are still adding too.- The promise of a UI revamp to bring it more inline with the PC.- Game play that put's the big boy's in the business to shame.- The developers don't do DLC, they do free updates.Conclusion:  If it has a Trese Brothers label on it, buy it.  They may only be a small affair but the blood of great game makers flow's through their veins, and they are getting better by the day."
,Not Recommended,291190,23056246,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Beherit,"Heroes of Steel brings back memories from the SSI turn-based games that were released in the 80s.The game has its charm. I like the simple and plain UI and the dialogues are well-written as well as the story. The soundtrack doesn't consist of many tracks, but is atmospheric and fits the theme of the game perfectly.The main issue I have with this game that makes me give it a thumb down, is that I the fights are too repetitive and boring. Hordes of enemies keep attacking everywhere I go and all fights are identical to one another. I've won all battles so far using the same strategy too, there's no variery needed.Around an hour into the game, battles began to be nothing more than an annoying nuisance preventing me from exploring the areas and advancing the story.The second big issue I have is that all areas I've discovered so far, are designed like mazes with enemies protecting each and every crossroad and dead end. It means that you have to spend 10-15 min each time you take a wrong turn to fight off the enemies just to discover it was all for nothing. Bummer. The enemies also never drop any loot, all you get is some exp for your trouble before backtracking the maze o where you came from."
76561198037622580,Recommended,291190,19713061,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Agent Glaze,"This game is enjoyable to the point where I have a real hard time to quit playing it once I've started, and convincing myself that I need to stop and go to bed is not always easy.Almost 30 hours in and its still fun. I've paid $59 for other games and haven't played them anywhere near as much, and I bought this game for much less than that. It's not on sale when writing this, but even for its regular price I'd recomend people to buy it.The game has a story and it's intriguing, I enjoy the different characters and to top it off, the game itself is addicting. I love finding chests with new loot or potions or simply discovering all of the map. The combat is on normal not too hard and not too easy, perfect for me."
,Recommended,291190,29290640,Posted: 15 January,all,Drathnar1,"Picked up Heroes of Steel during Xmas sale when it was going for 60% off (that's cheaper than the cost of a movie here and hundreds more hours of entertaining tactical fun) and have had a blast with it so far. Came into this game blind, after seeing that a friend had played it quite a bit during the holiday season and will have to say that it is one of the most memorable turn based experiences I've had. So here's a fervent thank you from me to the developers for making a very engaging turn based tactics game with good depth and options!The basic to-hit system in melee pits rolling multiple sets of dice (attacking dice from points in Accuracy/weaponskill/Str or Dex vs defending dice from points in Parry/Dodge/weaponskill) against each other, with success for each dice being determined by a certain threshold and the overall result of the attack being a hit, if attacking dice had more or equal number of successes compared to defending dice.Unlike some other RPGs, there is no straightforward to-hit percentage with flat increases per attribute upgrades and while not particularly intuitive at first glance, it is an interesting system with considerable nuance. For one there are 2 thresholds, one for strong dice (succeeds on a roll of 6 or more on a D10) and one for standard dice (succeeds on a roll of 8), which mean some attributes like Accuracy on weapons and empowered attacks are quite a bit more valuable on the attack. Similarly while Parry values are not taken into account when facing ranged attacks, they are better than Dodge when going up against melee as all Parry points are strong defensive dice. This system by its nature, also provides diminishing returns on extra points (dice) and may incentivize more balanced attribute levelling at some point.In some ways, a more complex system like this one can be appealing to those willing to spend a little time exploring the mechanics and I for one, welcome it as a fresh change.Damage outcome is also nicely designed in that armor directly soaks a certain amount (half of Armor value) of physical damage, with the other half of its value being a random amount. This results in lighter weapons which cost less AP and have more strikes per turn being strong against unarmored foes but relatively ineffective against heavily armored ones, a good tradeoff.The AP centric battle system, where available movement and actions per round on a grid-based battlefield are dictated by the number of Movement/Action Points is intuitive and enables considerable ease on planning positions/moves. Some opponents have less AP than the party (kiteable foes where ranged attacks and use of choke points are likely to be feasible) and some have equal or more AP than party members (non-kiteable foes where brute force and careful positioning are needed). The accompanying map design/layouts were all well thought out too, with some maps providing suitable choke points and others being a cornered fight or open battlefield requiring more care.In particular, I liked that the 4 party members complement each other well with a good array of different talents (including special strikes, heals, buffs, debuffs and various utility talents). There are various buffs that increase basic attributes (Str), stats (Accuracy) and even movement points. Similarly there is a good mix of debuffs that lower enemy Parry/Dodge and Armor values and even those that strip them of AP. Indeed battlefield efficiency will be dependent on finding a health balance of the above. Sid Meier once said: ""a game is a series of interesting choices"" and indeed the game does present an interesting array of choices in which to approach combat, dependent on one's playstyle, party members and of course talents levels and gear.It is also nice to see that higher level talents (while certainly more potent) also require more SP, thereby making the choice to upgrade, one that actually requires some thought and which is partially dependent on one's playstyle and SP drain gear. Expending too much SP in regular fights can result in more frequent use of consumables, a resource the player may not have when dealing with tougher battles later on, so a careful balance needs to be struck.In terms of the storyline, I like the fact that the characters' background/experiences are neatly woven into the storyline and am eager to see how it will all turn out later on, with gods and all. Would be nice to have a short bio for each character which writes itself as the story progresses (similar to Valkyria Chronicles). The Underdeep is a fascinating place with a good amount of lore and it would be great to have a handy reference to connect the dots more easily. It's good to have various townsfolk discuss the world and its events with the party and some even send the party on side quests, as this lends more color/depth to the tale. I'm hoping future episodes will feature more branching decisions where the party can choose to affect world affairs. The story held my interest all the way throughout Episode 1 and is one of the stronger selling points of the game, besides gameplay of course.Finally I would like to laud the commitment of the devs on listening to feedback (on forums) and on continuously polishing their product after release. Virtually no game is completely bug free upon release and willingness to tweak display and fix minor issues, is a mark of developers who care about the quality of their work. Would once again like to say that I've thoroughly enjoyed Heroes of Steel thus far and hope more turn based enthusiasts will find their way here too and give this game the support that it richly deserves."
76561198385650139,Recommended,291190,31852635,Posted: 19 May,all,timothybax9,"This was a decent way to kill some time for a few days until I finally managed to get through all the available content. I can see how some people complain about the game being a bit of a slog though with too many back to back battles and rather repetitive combat. I'd find myself sometimes trying to avoid battles if it was getting too annoying or just taking a break from the game.Normally, I explore everything to not miss anything, but sometimes it doesn't feel worth getting into another battle. I used all the standard heroes except for the warrior I used the dueler instead.I can understand why I saw it recommended elsewhere; he's extremely melee resilient with his sure parry ability and his buffs are useful. The mage and thief/archer seem to have some synergy with the mage spells reducing armor. I just had the dueler tank and the mage/thief killed from the back.As a general tip you want to start getting aoe attacks once they are available. They are too efficient to not use. Early on you'll need to use lots of spirit potions but once your characters get gear with SD (spell drain) on it they will rarely need a refill. It just means that a percentage of their damage is returned as spirit. I found the clerics AP (action power) reducing debuff ability to be indispensable against heavy hitting opponents (especially ranged). Instead of getting 2-4 attacks off they would only get 1-2 with the debuff. Enemies have 1-4 AP and each attack seems to use 1. Your heroes have 7 AP and each attack usually uses 2-3. Movement in the game during combat uses 1 AP per space but abilities and gear can give you additional MP (movement points) Enemies have separate MP and AP but until your heroes get a skill/gear that adds more their movement uses up their AP.BTW every time one of your 4 character dies you are 'defeated' but the game is extremely forgiving and just lets you go back to that turn to try again. You can also restore to before the battle if things went really bad but I only ever did that once. Just redoing the turn is usually enough. I had 42 deaths overall and probably 30 of them are just from the mage who had really low health getting hit by enemy ranged. I guess I could have given him defensive gear but screw that; he's a mage! Oh and be prepared for some awkward times when you have to 'retreat' in combat which basically just means you move away from the enemy during your turn and force the enemy to chase you. The enemy will follow you awkwardly giving you much better positioning to pick them off and letting you avoid lots of damage. The AI doesn't have a perfect answer for pursuing you and the developer understands this since they recommend retreating to better position if you are getting overwhelmed.I guess it helps to know that you have to manually end your turn after you've done all the actions you want. There is a hourglass bottom near the bottom left you can click but it's much easier to just hit the enter key on the keyboard. Also, when you have defeated every enemy it will not automatically end combat; it still makes you end the turn. In addition to at least 1 piece of SD gear you'll want accuracy and critical on your later game gear to avoid falling behind.I just ran around with my party combined onto the dueler so he was always at the front. I completely ignored stealth and security on gear/skills. They just didn't seem necessary."
76561198034748002,Recommended,291190,28585731,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,backnine31,"All I can say is, ""Wow""!  What a great game!  This is a must-have if you like these types of games.  Heroes of Steel puts the Tactical in tactical turn-based RPGs.  With constant developer support and responsiveness, bugs are non-existent and the gameplay experience keeps getting better and better with more content and constant user-suggested improvements.  Refreshing to say the least.As for the gameplay....outstanding.  I love these types of old school games.  Graphics and soundwise, that's what this feels like.  Almost nostalgic.  However, don't let that fool you, this game is very current and plenty sophisticated in its combat-oriented content.  You truly are the difference in winning and losing battles.  Your positioning, movement, order of attack, buffs, de-buffs, spells, etc...make all the difference in almost every battle.  If you get careless, you get hurt.  If you pay attention, you can still get hurt but you should be able to implement a strategy to win and advance and it's very satisfying.Speaking of advancing, this is one of those games where you just can't wait to level up and get the next Talent/Skill/Attribute point(s).  The building of your characters is probably the coolest and most important part of the game.  Four unique and distinct characters need to be built as a cohesive and synergistic team in order to survive and excel.  Each character has many different ways it can advance and they each can perform multiple functions, BUT (and it's a big but), they need to all work together.  Each has talents that can help the overall team in different ways and each has individual talents to help themselves.  How you choose to use each character is completely up to you but, again, they need to all work together.  Combat is challenging at best and extremely difficult at times so working as a unit is pretty much imperative to long term success.To that effect, a great feature is the re-spec button.  Each character gets one chance during the game for you to reset his/her entire build to fit what you're trying to do.  This is fantastic since with all of the options you have, you can play through pretty much the entire first episode and learn the game, then figure out what works, what doesn't, what you're missing, what you need, what you didn't use, etc...and fix it without having to start over from the beginning.  Huge plus in my book because Ep 1 can take anywhere from 30-60 hrs by itself.Which leads to content.....lots and lots of content.  It's mostly fighting with just enough story to make it immersive.  The real rewards are the feelings you get for taking down a nasty boss, levelling your characters and getting new talents with which to play, and finding a new piece of gear or a shiny new weapon with all those enhancements....yes!  :-)  4 Episodes with lots of levelling.  Characters can achieve a max of level 65 I believe (I haven't got that far yet so don't quote me but I think I read that in the forums somewhere).  Or you can just spend hours building and re-building new groups and playing through Episode 1, testing and trying out all of the different talents and strategies available to you.  Both are fun.In conclusion, I've played a lot of RPG's in my day and this is one of the best I've ever played.  It seems I'm almost always looking for that game that can keep me up until four in the morning for ""one more turn"".  This is it.  Worth every penny of full price and literally a complete no-brainer if its on sale.  Buy it.  You won't regret it."
76561198035414032,Not Recommended,291190,31197768,Posted: 17 April,all,SMB,"Since 2014, players who played this game howled about how boring and repetitive the battles were.I ignored them.And it seems so did the developers.I don't know who's more stupid... me or the developers."
76561197972445514,Recommended,291190,15485864,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Hellbishop,"Heroes of Steel RPG there is a reason RPG is part of the games title because that is exactly what it is. A rpg which harkens back to tabletop gaming ala Dungeons And Dragons oozing savory cooking juices of stats, attributes and skills defining each character with very unique traits, strengths and weaknesses. The replay value with Heroes of Steel RPG is endless with the ability to create new parties different from the one you had in your previous group and seeing how they fare against the rules and mechanics of the game world.You can equip many weapons and armors on your characters depending on their class while others are off limits once again dependent on class. Do not fear though whether warrior, archer, cleric, mage you will have a fearsome arsenal to do battle against the blood thirsty merciless villains and disgusting vile repugnent monsters you cross paths with.Magic comes in extremely useful in Heroes of Steel RPG. So if your a lover of magic users you will be very satisfied as you cast combat and defensive buffs upon yourself and your fellow adventurers along with healing to keep your party fighting against overwhelming odds while utterly destroying your malignent murderous foes with offensive spells.Everything is done from a top down view with nicely detailed graphics which give off a very comfortable to the senses board game feel. Though animations are not really there its enough to convey a feeling of magical life as if game pieces had eerily come to life to amuse, befuddle and terrify you as you suddenly feel your mind pulled into all that is going before you.Enemies are pretty menacing and frightening. When encountering an orc for the first time in the early parts of the game i actually found myself intimidated due to the excellent build up through gameplay pacing and the story playing out in descriptive text boxes as enemies spoke. I dont think an orc has ever creeped me out as it has in this rpg and there are plenty of other encounters with different beings and monsters just as unnerving.Combat is turned based yet with a very smooth feel where its like real time. You can take as fast or slow as you want between each turn deciding what is the best strategy. Environment is also very important as it can make a difference in spending your time mainly healing or attacking then going behind safe cover as the enemy play their turn. Its quite a scary moment whenever your party is all of a sudden thrust into combat with dramatic music playing and a sense of life and death as they were discovered sneaking about in stealth mode picking locks and or exploring an area. Yes there are skills for picking locks and being stealthy. Rogues and thieves clap your hands in gleeful greed! Silently of course. Wouldnt want to draw any attention to yourselves now would you.Oh and there will be blood. Plenty of blood. Just make sure its not yours.Audio could be a bit more detailed but it still captures a board game feel due to its simplicity adding to the retro rpg ambience of everything bringing home the tension and relaxing moments. Music is fantastic and me being a lover of 1970s and 80s b-movie i was in music nirvana as i felt that world to explore and discover rush from movie warriors of old such as ATOR THE IRON WARRIOR, DEATH STALKER and CONAN THE BARBARIAN.The user interface is very busy and easy to get into with plenty of areas to check on your parties inventory, skills, equipped items, level up screen, appearance etc. Excellent ui which does not get in the way yet is highly indepth.Heroes of Steel RPG a rich attention grabbing story with excellent high quality combat and gameplay mechanics which any fan of Dungeons And Dragons and other classics such as Warhammer Quest should get their mitts on for a festive battle fest of flying flesh cutting steel and blazing buttocks searing magic!"
,Recommended,291190,21044279,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,MintDragon,"RPG GoodnessVery enjoyable RPG from the Trese Brothers.  Similar to Baldur's Gate, etc... Build and lead your team of 4 through a story-driven tale, with combat, big dungeons, towns, side missions, character development.  Upgrade various facets of each team member over time, improve their armor, skills and weapons. Variety of maps, enemies, bosses.  Recent performance and UI improvements, further strengthening of the story and storyline interactions are simply delicious icing on this game.  Every release gets better and better.ValueAfter 80 hours of gameplay, I finished Episode 1 of the game, and there are 4 total so far.  All without DLC.  Gameplay is deeper the longer you play, and there are 4 difficulty levels, and an optional upgrade for 4 additional characters is available.  Replay value is high due to ability to mix and match characters.  Note: I am primarily playing my current game on iPad, so have well over 150 hours total, and I'm nearing completion of episode 3.  The devs are working on expanding episode 4, so there is incredible value in this game.Accessible Developers and CommunityThe developers are very active with this game (all of their games actually), and continually upgrade, improve gameplay, squash bugs based on user feedback and advice.  They have a forum for their games, and the community is mature, helpful.  Questions about strategies? Stuck on a map? Want ideas on team builds/upgrades? Replies from uber-players and the developers come within hours, if not minutes."
76561198043053799,Recommended,291190,19199692,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,holychair,"Short review: I abandoned the recent AAA title ""The Witcher 3"" for this - go figure.Longer review: Don't let appearances (screenshots) fool you: This game is a real gem. It is solid tactical combat at heart, but still also manages to have above par dialogues and an engaging storyline. I like that upgrading your chars' stats and skills  is done in a simple, elegant and no-nonsense kind of way: no overwhelming skill-trees with gazillions of traits, skills, perks etc.The ""clunky"" interface people talk about in other reviews was recently replaced with an overhauled one that works like a charm - yet the devs are still improving and expanding the game on a regular basis. Btw the devs: These guys are among the best, they are dedicated to their game and really do listen to the fans. I have not yet bought their earlier game ""Templar Battleforce"", but sure will."
76561198080833647,Recommended,291190,17086671,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Durgine,"Entertaining game,I enjoy games like this because of very limited game time, with family and work priorities being more important.  Very easy to come back to compared to other games where one has to schedule playing time just to really get into the game.Yes it's a port and the interface feels odd at times, but minor gripes really in my opinion.  Plus very easy to play on the Surface when desired.If you like squad based tactical turn based games this should be played.It is somewhat of a low playing game.  Meaning once you select the characters and really get into figuring out a build for them, if you want to start over with a different character/mix of heroes, having to restart from the beginning is just dreadful for me to think of doing having invested so much play time to get to the same spot.  I make this comparison to other games like Shadowrun series, Wasteland 2, Blackguards series, XCom series, Temple of Elemental Evil, Expeditions Conquistador, Legends of Eisenwald.  Each of those games play faster and playing around with builds are more restart friendly, in my opninion."
,Recommended,291190,21342568,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Arkan01d,"If you're of an age to remember the old SSI AD&D DOS top down games, and you enjoyed them, you will enjoy this game as well. Not to say there aren't other Gamers this would appeal to, but as I play, I keep feeling like it's 1996 again. Included in that nostalgia is the same solid combat, quirky controls, missing featues, and good storyline that you had to deal with 2 decades ago.Pros:A good storyline. So many indie games have horrible dialogue and story. Not the case in Heroes of Steel!Fun and constant combat. For a Turn Based RPG this game plays out more like an Action RPG. There's so much combat. It keeps the game interesting and exciting.Class customization. It's minimal, but provides enough depth to really make your team fit your play style.Epic scale. 8 hours in and I don't feel like I've gotten out of the start of the game!Solid TBS RPG gameplay. It works and it works well. They didn't reinvent the wheel and they didn't have to. Good job!Cons:Music - This is at the top of the con list because ... OMG ... I can't listen to an 8 second loop of the same battle tune non-stop for 8 hours!Missing game overlays. When you detect traps the game doesn't highlight them. For .6 seconds a message displays telling you, you've detected them. Now go find them! When you select a ranged attack there is no radius to display your strike range. You have to litterally check the range and count the tiles yourself.UI - It's minimal, but perhaps to a fault. You're missing access to some of the games menus and can only reach them via keyboard shortcuts.No Saves. You just advance, no take backs or what ifs.No edge scrolling. Why do I need to use my arrow keys to move my view around?So that's my list! I have to say, I've put more hours into playing Heroes of Steel than I have for many of the main stream Turn Based RPG's out there right now. I think that says something. I really like the simplicity of your group, having 40 different companions with 200 skills each sounds cool, but in practice it over complicates things. Understanding the relationship between weather and elemental attacks, using terrain height, flanking attacks, special power bars, switching between live action and turn based, all these ideas have been designed and work well enough. But there's something appealing to just being able to sit down, play a game, and not have to worry about any of those things.Like I said, this is a game that lives in a world from 2 decades ago. It's simple yet solid. Fun and rewarding. It has a story that doesn't dissapoint (so far at least). I'm looking forward to more games from Trese Brothers!"
76561197998045407,Recommended,291190,32567328,Posted: 19 June,all,Helmseye,"If you liked AD&D 2nd edition and wanted to go back to be an old fashioned hero this is just for you! and dont be misled by the simple interface, it comes with a great good old good vs evil story."""
76561198035354701,Not Recommended,291190,30661964,Posted: 21 March,all,Mystery,"I really tried to like this game. I have played a lot of RPGs and if they've tactical turn-based combat, chances are I enjoy them. Not so this... PIECE OF CRAP. There really is no other word for it.At first, you may think it's a typical RPG, you have 4 characters, they have the usual stats like strength, dexterity etc.But then you realize... the game doesn't explain anything. Is Parry +3 good? How does strength affect the tohit chance? How does Dodge +1 help exactly in combat? You get a bunch of stats, but the game does not explain the rules for combat AT ALL.You won't know why you don't hit enemy even you think you optimized your character by maximizing the supposedly relevant stats (weapon skill + str for example). You won't know why the enemies ALWAYS hit you, what armor does exactly, how your Tohit % is. Everything remains obscure and a wild guessing game.So, if you have some time, try to play Tetris blindfolded. Same principle, but a lot more fun and rewarding."
76561198082139662,Recommended,291190,15284968,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,seba.sectumsempra,"I downloaded HoS like a month ago, and I can say one sure thing about it. It is ADDICTING.The story so far has been flawless, with excellent storytelling and very clever cinematic-ish resources to drag you in and to immerse yourself in the world and characters.The gameplay itself is great. Everything about it is very well designed. The combat, the characters, their talents ( skills ), and the enemies and their AI.The AI is something remarkable in this game. The progression of the enemy AI combined with your learning curve and character developement makes this game a real challenge. If you play on Easy or Normal you can enjoy the ride and have a great time fighting moderate fights ( in normal  it's still pretty hard in some parts ) , but if you like a good challenge, be sure to play on Brutal or Nightmare. This game will really test your strategy skills.I loooove this game so much. Even more than my beloved xbox vanilla Skyrim. I've never invested soo much free time thinking about builds and stuff. I totally recommend this game, there are so many good things here, for every kind of player."
76561197979941991,Recommended,291190,20401534,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Silveressa,"For an I-phone port to steam this title plays beautifully and has a unexpected level of tactical depth and over all appeal.This games up to the minute auto save and straight forward game play make it the perfect choice to play during coffee breaks or when you only have 20 minutes to kill before real life demands attention.Of special note is the outstanding customer service of the Trese Brothers, I got a dev response on their forums within 20 minutes of reporting a bug, and that same bug was patched less than 72 hours later.For turn based tactic veterans the game has a nice pick up and play feel, and provides an enjoyable challenge at higher difficulties, and even beginners will find the game easy to learn thanks to the introduction that covers all the important game play elements without being overwhelming.For a light weight turn based dungeon crawler the fun factor is consistent, and it's easy to spend an afternoon exploring the various locations and finding some of the hidden treasures of the underground. (From magic rings to armor sets)Granted the game might not be on the complexity level of Final Fantasy Tactics for depth, but it delivers a solid turn based tactical dungeon crawl that's well worth the price; and is a surprisingly long game for its size. (10+ hours in and I'm still on the first chapter.)Give it a try, you won't be disappointed."
76561198034826180,Recommended,291190,22022637,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,steelwarrior77,"Very nice Indie game with very good support und very active devs - constant updates and support. I also like the game as it reminds me of the old 90s role play games I played. Easy to learn, but complex enough to allow for a lot of strategy. Also the art is nicer than the typical pixel art. I will for sure spend a lot of hours in it. The devs deserve every cent that I paid."
76561198042942830,Recommended,291190,24329161,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,jukka.a.kuru,I think Heroes of steel is an excellent game. Totally worth the price. It has great story arcs and good way of delivering the story with only a few dialogues. I have played about 160 hours and still didn't really finish the game. I got as far as the fourth story arc goes and have to wait for the  developers to make new content which is a bummer but the new content is free so that's nice.The only bad thing about this game is somewhat repetitive combat where you have to kill dozens of monsters because the dungeons are BIG.All in all I would give this game 9/10. If the developers finish the game then it will be 10/10 and one of the best games ever.I would recommend this game for those who:-like classic RPG-like turnbased tactical games-like immersing world and story-don't like to read too much
76561198062321709,Recommended,291190,29534400,Posted: 27 January,all,Irish_Reaper,The reviews were very possitive so I thought I would give it a try and I am very glad I did. It's a great turn based RPG with good writting and a good story with very engaging tactical turn based combat like older RPGs of the 80s and early 90s. I am delighted with my purchase and recomend this game to anyone that like the old D&D PC games or the old Shining Force games on the SEGA Genesis.
76561198044487435,Recommended,291190,26340377,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Luthius_Mac,A tactical RPG indie masterpiece. Hard but not unforgiving. It is all about party dynamics and sound tactical sence. I love the character building and the variation in possible setup. As comparison I can say that I tried Spiderwebs Avadon and Escape from the pit. While good they never got me nearly as hooked as this little gem. If you are into tactical turn based RPGs this is an insta buy!
76561198013086220,Recommended,291190,22638727,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Junodog,"I'm really enjoying this RPG. It has very good dialogue, interesting characters and solid tactical combat. It's a gem of a game and the attention to detail is good for such a low priced game. I'll certainly be looking at these developers other games, they've done a great job here!"
76561198002124849,Recommended,291190,30526490,Posted: 15 March,all,Fou-Lu,"Insane value.Heroes of Steel, and this team's other effort, Templar Battleforce, are grid- and turn-based, tactical party RPGs. In Heroes of Steel, you select a party of four from one of two classes out of your standard four pen and paper archetypes: fighter, mage, cleric and rogue; then you're off on a surprisingly well-written adventure.Your characters have individual personalities and interact with each other in thoughtful ways throughout the game's very, very, very many scenarios, which essentially consist of large grid maps, the objective of which is to navigate, avoid traps, kill the baddies and reach the exit. The game is largely mouse-based, and you can swap between any character at any time, even stopping their turns during combat to use another character.Combat is similar to the original Fallout series where each character has seven 'advantage points', or AP, allowing them to move and perform actions. Rogues can peek around corners (in a matter of speaking), clerics can heal, mages throw lightning bolts, and pretty much every character can buff themselves in some way, consuming SP from a fairly large individual pool.You level up at camp sites, free recovery points that allow you to increase your attributes, skills and learn new abilities. There's some room for character customization, but from what I've seen characters will all stay within their archetypal niche -- a warrior can't learn to pick locks, for instance.It all sounds fairly rote, and the moderately primitive top-down 2D graphics will potentially drive some people away (and is, to be honest, the reason why I have not picked it up until now, despite looking far better in action) but I am sorely regretting that decision -- Heroes of Steel is a well-written, solid dungeon romp with anabsurdamount of content. A dungeon map will occupy your time for at least an hour per, and there's over 100 dungeon maps in Heroes of Steel, providing a mind-boggling amount of gameplay.Don't be fooled by the $10 pricetag for this indie gem, it's well worth it.Pros:+Interesting scenario writing+Fun, intuitive combat+Solid RPG mechanics+Good music+Very, very lengthy campaign+Good value for the priceCons:-Somewhat archaic (or ""indie"") graphical design-Interface takes a brief period to get used toAll in all, I can't really think of that many negatives. For fans of turn- or party-based RPGs, especially fans of Spiderweb-style games, don't do yourself a disservice and miss out on this one."
76561198011604006,Recommended,291190,16866157,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Saboth,"I'll recommend this game, but just barely. It has a lot of issues, that I hope will be fixed in the future. I haven't played all that far into it at this point, because it's very slow, and I'm hoping future updates fix the game. Edit: I'd like to say the developer is actively addressing many of the issues to make the game flow faster, and is listening to the players on the forum to streamline the game.1. The game is a port of a android game. A good port, but the controls are clunky and you'll find yourself clicking 2-3 times for something that should be one click. Add that up over thousands of times, and it slows the game down.2. Combat is slow. I'm hoping for an option to speed the game up at some point.3. Loot seems to be random, but it doesn't seem rewarding so far. You can go into a big battle that takes you 30 minutes and your team barely scrapes by, make it to the chests and find out you got nothing but potions and junk. I can't explain how frustrating it is to not have at least one good reward after opening 2-3 chests.4. Dialogue is clunky as well. The screen changes, then it goes into a series of text boxes, and if you want to talk to someone, you have to click on them again, then go back to the dialogue menu again.5. Basic things like sound and music are either on or off. These are *loud*. I play with both off, because I don't want to have to adjust my volue out of game every time I play, then adjust again when I'm done. There are just many basic things that you can't do, like remap keys, adjust volume, etc. These difficulties show the android app port limitations.All in all, it's a good game though. If you are a fan of turn based, party-based games, you will most likely enjoy it.  As the developer works on player suggestions, it will only get better in the near future."
76561198080123570,Recommended,291190,20392134,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,willsama974,"Solid four members party based, turn-based RPG.The fights are tactical and the pace is quite enjoyable.The game is quite long and i have yet to finish it.The Trese Brothers are still improving the game through regular updates.If you have a itch for turn-based combat, give it a try ;)"
76561197973256038,Recommended,291190,25786049,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Da11amar,"Great game, good balance on normal... until... you get to the last boss on the episode 2 quests then it is almost impossible.  The levels are well thought out but the inability to switch from normal to easy is unbelievable.  The price on this game is great for what you get but my frustration in not being able to turn down the difficulty made me not what to finish it or play it again.  I recommend this game, but I would not play it until the devs have corrected this issue and if they don't, then play it on easy I guess."
,Recommended,291190,19663418,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Tchey,"I prefer Templar Battleforce from the same team, because mainly of the space-mech-marines theme, but this one is still a solid tactical squad game. Characters are deeper than in TBF, and the story is better. Progression is more like a RPG, linear story driven, whereas TBF is more missions oriented. You also keep all your squad all the time, so they can grow feelings toward eachothers, and you may be more attached to them then to your Templars.Both are very similar in combat, with even som skills in common, and that's the great part about it. You can enjoy their engine and philosophy both in med-fan and sci-fi flavour.If you're not sure, be weak and buy it anyway, to support the team. Even months after release, they support their games with fixes and content, all for free of course, no paid DLC there, and they are very close to the community."
76561197991942615,Recommended,291190,23206398,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Faray,"Heroes of steel is a good strategy rpg that has some flaws, but is still well done.The combat can be slow at times, and the game can be punishing if your build isn't done well. There are also some areas that I feel are a little too long, and take a while to get though.That being said, the pros outweigh the cons. The story is nice, the characters are interesting, and although they do fall in the hero’s trope they aren't over-heroic to a fault. The skill system is well done, with a lot of ways to build characters and the devs do a great job of making sure to fix bad skills to make almost everything viable (as well as listening to many of the other updates suggested by users).Definitely worth a look if you are a tactical/strategy rpg fan."
76561198076772347,Recommended,291190,22552787,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,write-to-me,"I can't really put a lot of thought into lengthy reviews because I'd rather play games instead, but I really enjoyed my time with Heroes of Steel so far and the storyline has a very rich and authentic feel to it, too!  Lots of interesting tactical decisions you can make at your own turn-based leisure."
76561198039729787,Recommended,291190,13061284,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,grayaii,"It can get slow at times (I can watch a movie while playing this game), but the story is interesting and it keeps me interested enough to continue playing.  It is very similar to Avernum in the sense that it takes place underground.  It does have a few rough edges, like no help in the user interface, and a few minor bugs, like after completeing the temple and exiting the characters say they found a temple and want to enter.  Overall, it's a fun, casual, slow going game... just what I was looking for."
76561198007240278,Not Recommended,291190,26274903,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Naburimannu,"I want to recommend the game - it's well-put-together, has a nice balance of challenge, and starts off well - but the pacing just drags. By level 10 (of 45 or more?) you may be fighting as many as eighteen enemies at once, each with three attacks, each having its own animation and sound effect, so taking more than half a minute between your turns to watch the same three animations over and over again - and then you explore half a screen and slowly wade through another dozen enemies, then another half-screen or screen and another long encounter where both sides are chipping away slowly at the other.I don't know whether or not it was intentional, but with the default party around level 10 you have one character who's near-invlunerable - let him get surounded by enemies and get beat on for three or four turns, then remember to have your priest cast a heal - and three who are glass cannons. So there's a pretty dreary similarity to the hours you spend slaughtering ratkin: put the fighter out front, everybody  else a few squares back, concentrate fire as you will. Maneuver madly and heal like crazy if you're ambushed, which is a common setpiece but wasn't responsible for either of the two deaths I suffered."
,Recommended,291190,10536738,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,DaReaper95,"For the record, Heroes of Steel is on android too, and I have countless hours logged there as well. I've been playing, watching, enjoying, and learning about Trese Brothers games for well over 2 years. I list all four of those because they are all a part of the Trese Brothers experience. Everything they do is open and engaging. They don't just make games, they make beautiful communities of players, artists and writers on their forums.With great respect to the old days, when a game was more substance and less flair, the Trese Brothers deliver a certain standard of quality in all of their releases that I find has been lacking by many standards. This isn't just ""An Indie Game"". Heroes of Steel is the first in a soon to be much larger collection of games crafted by developers with the same standards as the gamers, who hold themselves to a higher level of scrutiny than ""How much many did we bring in?""Once you've downloaded and installed Heroes of Steel, you will find a high quality, complete game worth every penny you spent, so you may be surprised when you start seeing new characters and large content additions continuouly throughout the games lifespan. Certainly, you'll be ready to purchase their new games once those become their project and the support ends for He... WHAT? what are you talking about? They keep supporting ALL of their projects. SOMEHOW (the amount of sleep they get is undetermined. probably because they're too busy making better games to measure it).I fully and strongly encourage you to get on board with both Trese Brothers' Heroes of Steel and the Trese Brothers community. Don't settle for low-quality games that get by on pretty explosions anymore!And also, grab the two pack. show a friend. spread the word. Thats how we'll keep these wonderful gentleman churning out more games!"
76561198279016085,Recommended,291190,29135966,Posted: 8 January,all,Wascalwywabbit,"An engaging party based tactics rpg with decent story and game play and plenty of character build strategies. The Trese brothers support for their games and community is longstanding and ongoing. Even their unprofitable games get bug fixes 5+ years in, everything else gets new features and some graphics updates to boot. This is my favorite game of theirs even though Templar Battleforce is their current state of the art until Star Traders 2 comes out. For me the game has proven intellectually demanding enough, while staying perfectly enjoyable, to improve the clarity of my thinking which has been impaired by chronic illness, a very positive thing indeed for me.The world:A fallen mix of civilizations forced underground by ""The shattering"" with fallen ""gods"" and races such as Orcin, Trolls and Ratkin as well as humans of course. Some lore is given at loading screens, the rest is through the played out story.Playable characters:A set of four: Warrior, Mystic, Healer and Sneak. There are currently 2 choices for each class:Warrior: Vraes the outlander/barbarian who can use any melee weapon and shields, or Kincaid the dueler who uses swords and/or throwing knives.Mystic: Kjartan the wizard, a long ranged fire damage caster and ranged curser who's terrible at melee and super squishy, or Vincent the Sorcerer with a spell sword with long range curses, medium range lightning attacks and/or single target or AoE melee skills.Healer: Kyera the cleric, with ranged attack and cursing or melee, or Fyona the Paladin a tough melee and short ranged curser. Both can heal your party between campsites and inns.Sneak: Tamilin the thief with throwing knives with powerful short range curse or high damage potential bow, or Selen the rogue, with excellent melee and defense talents or effective ranged cursing via her bow. Both can disarm traps, pick locks and gain a surprise round through stealth if they lead the party.The art: Honestly it started off as pretty mediocre, even bad, but the artist, Andrew Trese has hugely improved his skill and has been slowly introducing updated graphics particularly for the main characters. the latest portraits have nearly reached a photorealistic effect, but the animations are still mostly serviceable. The effects graphics are pretty good though.Play time:80+ hours in four major story segments with pretty good replayability.The good: plenty of time to engage in the story and develop tactics.The bad: Not for those interested in a short journey.The Trese brothers tend to put a lot of variables in the background mechanics to give your chances of success a lot a variations. They've gotten better about documenting these things over the years, but if you don't want to learn a fair number of hidden systems then you may either want to stay away from their games, stick with their newer games with nearly full libraries (Templar Battleforce onward), or stick to easy strategy guides set up by themselves and their player base on Steam and/or their forum etc. I'll give a couple key tips for Heroes of Steel at the end of this review. If you lose a character in battle you may retry the turn for one death on your party death counter, or restore to the previous rest point for the cost or 2 deaths on the counter.Some tips:A common complaint about the game from the start has to do with managing your spirit points, sp for short, which is how all but basic attacks are used in game. The two brothers that make the game have done a LOT to improve that experience, the two primary ways being more campsites to restore hp and sp, and sp drain gear which gains sp back for your character based on the damage you do to enemies. If you're not interested in the meta strategy and game of managing your sp, then note: character buffs expire faster on higher difficulties due to increasing fixed turn cost of ending combat, and so you'll use sp faster - It's worth playing on easy 'til you start to get the hang of it. So that way it's less a concern needing to gain sp drain gear or returning to known camp sites for restoring hp/sp. You can also rearrange party order now! A much wanted QoL and positioning strategy improvement.The 3 essentials: Defense (D or def.), Accuracy (acc) and Damage (dmg). You're pretty much never going to beat a combat in a single round, so you need enough hp/soak and/or avoidance skills/gear to survive at least one round of combat - In this game avoiding hits by reducing enemy action points (ap for short), reducing enemy acc, staying out of enemy range and/or buffing your parties dodge/parry tends to be most efficient, but high character hp and armor plus dmg cursing enemies and healing your party works too- high hp and avoidance/soak are needed for the hardest hitting enemies. Accuracy: if you can't hit something you'll never win, buff acc and/or curse enemy dodge and parry. Damage: If you can't kill something because it's armor is too high or it heals too fast you won't win battles - If you use low damage attacks/weapons then you'll need to curse enemies armor and/or resistance (resist is armor vs magical damage). All damage has a physical component, but there are four elemental magical damages that the mystic's spells or certain items do, and some enemies have those to harm your characters with as well, especially later in the game. Finally there's holy damage your party can do to enemies via some healer attack talents and items any party member can use, or conversely, enemies can do unholy damage to you.As a general rule character buffs and cursing enemies is more sp efficient in the long run than sp costly attacks, but that varies somewhat with attack type and its cost and what your party and characters need to help improve their effect in combat.Range: Not essential, but highly useful, particularly for keeping vulnerable characters safe, so having ranged support buff/heals, enemy curses or attacks is recommended until you get pretty experienced. An all melee team also practically limits some of your character choices.Area of Effect (AoE): Again, not essential, but it really makes a lot of battles go faster where there are enemies which spawn other enemies or any fight where enemies tend to cluster.Empowered attacks: Usually only raise one after leveling other wanted buffs and curses so long as the essential are met for best use of your limited talent points - there may be exceptions, experiment if you want ;)...Note: pick locks doesn't ever need to go above level one.There's way more expert advice on their forums..."
76561198220659337,Recommended,291190,18437451,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,cferroni52,"I found Templar Battleforce first and loved it.  I'm barely started but I love HEROES.  It's clearly older than Templars, but it's got the same depth right away.  I immediatley can see how you can build so many types of combos of groups.  From reading about it, the story is HUGE.  I can't wait!"
76561198041533222,Recommended,291190,21284010,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Pete,It is very reminiscent of old Nintendo RPGs.Pros:Fun gameplayLots of cool skills and spellsHas a sense of danger and mysteryLots of area to exploreCons:Dated graphicsNo apparent voice acting
76561198093350917,Recommended,291190,23295972,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Bloodrunsclear,"I personally play RPGs for strategy, story, and characters and this one has all three! The animation isn't bad (especially if you zoom in) and there's a wide variety of customization for skill-sets to create your preferred team. It's not an easy game: tons of enemies that attack very quickly oftentimes, but it's nifty to see the party banter and to weigh risk and reward."
76561198086457357,Recommended,291190,27962633,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jelogisa,"Nice and well-done fantasy game. The gameplay revolves around turn-by-turn tactical combat at the squad level (i.e. an adventurers team against groups of monsters/enemies), it is based on a square-grid. It involves magic (buffs, area spells, individual spells), missiles, projectiles and contact weapons like swords and axes. The graphics are functional and not much more. The story is adequate without being mind blowing. The world is well-done without being extremely original nor leaving you a large liberty (the area to explore at each stage of the story is not very large).What shines is a solid turn-by-turn tactical combat, simple, interesting, though not too challenging. The combat reminds me of ""Avernum: escape from the pit"" (but Heroes of Steel doesn't have the complex world building and large open world featured by Avernum, and Heroes is less challenging than Avernum).The game is built in the same way than the other game from the same studio : Templar Battleforce. Templar Battleforce is a game centered on Sci-fi Mech-warriors fighting an alien invasion, Heroes of Steel is centered on fantasy adventurers fighting a monster invasion (and other somber projects from evil characters). The mechanic are similar. I recommend both games.Though not the most memorable or outstanding game you'll ever find, these games can very well sate your thirst for a grid-based turn-by-turn tactics for a few hours of good fun (and will put you to a moderate challenge and will make you think hard on a few occasions). Recommended for fans of turn-by-turn tactics."
,Recommended,291190,17725074,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Chestnut,"I don't even play this game, but those guys make good games that actually require you to read the damn manual, which is good. Probably the only good mobile game developers. Wish there was Cyber Knights on PC though."
76561198190190169,Recommended,291190,18940569,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,epenguini,One of the most fun games I have ever played!
,Recommended,291190,19444113,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Krynnian,"Challenging turn-based combat, a cool story, lots of possible character build available, a real gem"
76561197970964635,Recommended,291190,24615362,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Gamerzilla,"If you are a fan of tactical turn based RPG's, this game is a huge must-have.  If you are a fan of a well written story and memorable characters, this game is a must-have.  If you want to support an AWSOME development team who continues to update their old games months after release, this game is a must have!10/10!"
,Recommended,291190,26676338,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Maestro Gradius,"fun game. does not drain lots of resources from my pc. can have other programs running at same time. level ups, point distribution to increase power/usefulness to the rest of the party. i love party-based rpgs with experience progression. not a bad story. figuring out how combat works is quick and developing strategies also easy for experienced turn-based gamers. having fun with it. cons: cannot separate party much. i sent out thief to scout. she had an encounter and the game switched to turn-based mode. the rest of party was far away. it was tedious to move her to safety and bring the rest of the party closer to the enemies when the turn-based system limited everyone's movement based on action points. moral of the story is to use the ability to combine the party into one character when exploring, and, when combat ensues, the rest of the party will automatically appear. when combat is done return to one-character mode and explore some more. grab it if it's on sale."
76561198174074546,Recommended,291190,31900052,Posted: 22 May,all,Oldguy,"I would highly recommend this game. It is obvious that the developers have put a lot of thought and love into this game. Some have argued that this game is a grind. I do not fully agree. The game centers on creating a team synergy that is able to be a powerful force to quickly  dispatch enemies. The game is all about developing team tactics for many types of enemies. In a sense the many battles are a grind, but the battle itself should be mostly a quick and painful death to your enemies. If you do not experience this, it is most probable that your development of your team is weak. Every battle becomes a slow grind and in a ""boss battle"" or a trap you might even lose a man.  In order to play this game well, you need to experiment in order to create an effective team. I will say this the game works best on a tablet because it is very well suited to play for an hour here and 30 minutes a little later on. Typically you would not sit down and play the game for six hours. It does play well on the PC and phone (the size of your phone can be a bit problematic). The app store is where you buy it for phone and tablet and PC is sold from Steam.I would give some food for thought.  The first episode is relative easy to get through but the story is engaging. There are a few challenging fights but mostly toward the end. Episode 2 is much tougher and starts to test your group skills and synergy.  Boosting parties to episode 2 and experimenting with different strategies - it is truly amazing how many viable combinations that can work.  Although this is the case, some are like finding a very sweet spot where quick effectiveness is a great reward."
76561198016606468,Not Recommended,291190,30560621,Posted: 16 March,all,arclightshock37,"I think the main thing holding back this game is the slow pace of combat and the enormous overabundance of it.  By the time I got done with the first major boss I was so burnt out that the next fight caused me to immediately just shut off the game and never play it again.  Plus (spoilers) the story treats the player like an utter moron.  I swear to god they must have said 'These Ratkin are behaving with greater intelligence and organization than they should be,' or variations of this statement twenty times before we FINALLY got to the reason why.Just avoid this game.  It's really not worth it, not even on sale.  You'll waste your time and your money."
,Recommended,291190,10145346,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,USMC_Karl,"First, a small admission. I'm a huge Trese Brothers fan. I've logged tons and tons of hours on this game, but it's all on my phone so I'll review the phone game here, and later when I get around to finishing my ongoing games on the phone and play on steam I'll try to update this.Anyways, this is definitely one of the old school style of games. What exactly does that mean? Well, it's pretty unforgiving, and at the higher difficulties it's pretty much impossible not to die. If you do, no big deal though! You can always replay your last turn or restore to the last resting point you used.What do you get for your $12? Well, as of May 16th, 2014 you get 7 characters (2 variants of rogue, mage, and cleric and a single varient of a fighter) as well as 2 ""episodes"" of content. What is coming down the pipeline? 1 extra variant of the fighter class as well as 2 more episodes of content.What exactly does all that mean? Each character has a totally different skill set, strengths, and strategies. For example, the two rogues play wildly different; one specializes in her bow and ranged battle while the other specializes in melee destruction. The two clerics are even more different, with one being a traditional support cleric and the other being a much more combat oriented paladin styled cleric. Each episode is made up of 2 main chapters, which are both long and challenging. I'll talk about the first episode so you can get an idea what I'm talking about. The first chapter of episode one sees you protecting a town from a Ratkin infestation and is a good solid 3-5 hours long. The second chapter of episode one finds your party undertaking a risky journey to a second village and running through a nest of lizard-men. This one lasts another 3-5 hours long. That means you can roughly expect the full 4 episodes (when they come) to last for about 12-15 hours for a single play through, and you'll want to do more than a single play through!Now, I'm sure people will knock the game for being a port of a mobile game, but that's really not a big deal. The brothers built the game with the idea of eventually bringing it to the PC, and there are keyboard hotkeys. Not only that, but the entire game can very easily be played with the mouse. The graphics are nothing special in the realm of PC games, but if you are looking for a really fun, deep tactical RPG then you really can't go wrong with this game. On top of everything I've already covered you need to know about the Trese Brother's work ethic. They have 5 games (currently) out for Android/iPhone, and are getting ready to release a 6th. They've updated those 5 games a total of 642 times, each time is either tweaking the game in some way, adding content, or both. They are amazingly receptive to their players, if you head over to their forums (or post in the community group here) they are more than happy to chat with you and will take anything you say into consideration. I've been a Trese Brother follower for 2+ years, and have seen them passionately work on their games the entire time."
76561198102356376,Recommended,291190,24175469,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Chinese Gandalf,"Excellent game, the developers seem to be constantly releasing updates and improvements. 9/10 Would reccomend."
76561198160503745,Recommended,291190,25454569,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Arizchi,"I played the free chapters on my phone ages ago. The storyline and characters left enough of an impression on me, that when I saw the game for sale on Steam, I went for it. Definitely don't regret it. So far, the story seems to be kind of neverending, but in an adventure game, this is not necessarily a bad thing. The art is nice. The fighting is a good balance between not too hard and not too easy. Updates seem to be fairly frequent. Would love to see the characters continue to develop."
76561198070742314,Recommended,291190,29245180,Posted: 14 January,all,ruppert29,"I find the game challenging, fun with a good story. It has a lot of classic RPG features, turn based combat and not linear.  The best part is the commitment of the developers to the gamers with improvements and bug fixes. Somewhat remarkable these days for an Indie to be answering questions on the forums, aiding the players, taking suggestions and fixing the game after nearly three years - Kudos"
76561198042521134,Recommended,291190,20401334,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,largepaw,"I would like to say that HoS is a very good game, alot of replay value also. The game is constantly being updated. Trese bros. will respond to any problem you have. Gameplay is easy and fun.I'm loving the SP recovery items for my wizzy. My 2 cents."
76561198251630832,Recommended,291190,18387351,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,ntsheep,Another great game from the TB's as we call them on their online forum. These guys are the best developers out there in my opinion. The game is easy to learn. Has a great story. The choice of characters to play also gives this game lots of replay value. Graphics are good but don't need the latest hardware to run. Fans of game like D&D and other fantasy genres will love this game I'm sure.
76561197991049491,Recommended,291190,21241056,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,RossGarner,"Heroes of Steel is just plain excellent.  The world created here is interesting, complex and enjoyable; while the game itself is satisfying in a way old school games used to be.The developers care greatly about the game and are very active responding to the community.  These are exactly the type of games to support!"
76561197971774849,Recommended,291190,24547455,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Wizu,"Bought the game on both the android and now on steam, no regrets!Really makes an old rpg veteran like me to start thinking about synergies and what works well instead of just plowing through content with a press of one button combo, this reminds me a bit of Spiderwebs games and offers similar customization.Plus points include helpful developers who haunt the steam forums asking questions for improvements and offering help for people who are stuck! They're like a mini game-guide at your beck and call~"
76561197983057949,Recommended,291190,10207198,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Enraged,"Great fun so far. Very glad to see that they are both improving, and adding, to this game."
76561198124074355,Recommended,291190,10210401,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,RPG fan,"I have been playing this game for around 20 hours now, and let me say it was totally worth the $12 bucks. I've played game that cost so much more and weren't even really worth the plastic the game came in. This one though, while having some minor flaws that come with any game, has kept me glued to the screen and searching every corner of every map for the next treasure chest, or next level up. Keep in mind it's not for the person who wants a game to just fly through this one's hard but it's rewarding when you kill those ♥♥♥♥ing rats, then lizards, then the more powerful enemies over and over."
,Recommended,291190,35125128,Posted: 22 September,all,Karol13,"Story - interestingUI - intuitive (bit unique, but works)Combat - thrilling, challenging, non-repetitiveParty generation : pick up 4 chars out of 8 (no customization available)Skills/Talents : not exhausting, but not boring (1 level up -> assing usually 1 skill, 1 stat, 1 talent)Impression : playable piece of an unique game, that first may strike you as too simple, but later the game unfolds pretty impressive array of talents and skills, that shows its true potential during difficult battles.Music & Audio - meets expectations (some sounds seems too familiar, from WBC or some old RPGs, like Albion... not ripped, but very similar - what made me happy in a nostalgic way)Graphics - beautiful. For this genre, the visuals are just perfect.Navigation - you can zoom out in a such extend that you turn the world virtually changes into mini map. Mazes are not really a problem and anyone should be able to navigate through the world with ease.Traps / lock : work in a simplistic but accurate way. To find traps, one should get a hint from the game (as looking for traps consumes spell points)...but later this may work a bit automatically, as the thief/rogue progress in levels.Call-out: there is a button, that actually any RPG should have --> Auto BUFF - what activates all available buffs automatically... GREAT!Enemies - nearly all info is available on the fly, like HP, armor, resistance... so as a player you always have enough details to build up your strategy. Can be deadly - should be deadly - all fine with that."
76561198089319138,Recommended,291190,20337265,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,i_nive,"Hmm, I enjoy the game more than Wasteland 2 DC ...Nice game - 8.5/10."
,Recommended,291190,31496493,Posted: 1 May,all,Magnato,This is a very innovative take on RPG.  I can play for 3 minutes or 3 hours.  It's approacable enough for anyone and deep enough for a serious RPG player
76561198045503284,Not Recommended,291190,29430954,Posted: 22 January,all,max.savenkov,"This is not a bad game... But it really too long for its own good. It overstays its welcome to the point where you begin experience mild irritation with the amount of combat, which continues to grow until continuing to play causes your brain pain. 100 hours in, and I barely reached 3rd episode of 4 planned. And I give up, this game is no fun any longer, and everyting that made it tolerable (it was never truly great) evaporated long ago in the sea of grinding, boring battles where you face pretty much the same group of enemies over and over and over again.This is not helped by sudden and unexplainable jumps in the difficulty. For some reason, my party was just bad at battling Orcin. The part of an episode where I mostly faced those creatures was a litany of reloads. Then, Orcin ended and undead began, and lo and behold, my combats went MUCH smoother, without me doing anything. Spirits in astral temple? No problem! But then the game went back to Orcin, and once again my character begin to die every turn. My characters miss the goddamned Orcin constantly, and deal very little damage, The damned green pseudo-orcs, on the other hand, deliver heaps of damage, despite being 5-6 levels lower than my characters.That being said, the game had its moments. Some battles very quite fun, and bosses were relatively inventive, and not just a piles of walking HP. Character development also was OK for the first episode, but grew stale in ep.2 and completely uininteresting in the 3rd one.All in all, this would be a good game, if it contained just one episode. In its current form, and I can't help feeling frustrated by it, and give it a tnumb down. If you have more patience than me - go ahead, try it (fair notice: I managed to grind my way through the main storyline of Disgaea; this game is WORSE)."
76561198008147172,Recommended,291190,14552507,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Schadenfreude,"Old school, turn based fun."
76561198320452402,Recommended,291190,28307326,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,allino,"i think, that it is super game. I like rpgs. Game itself has good playable and strong story. Graphics could be a better, but its doesnt matter ar all, becouse it has a possitive effect, that game is given to minimalism."
76561198174979042,Recommended,291190,14099743,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,jack,I love all of the Trese brother games. Heroes of Steel is probably their largest and most in depth yet. I have played most of the way through the game on my tablet and didn't even realize it was available on the PC until yesterday. I immediately downloaded it and started playing. Thanks to the guys for making such a great game!
,Recommended,291190,9929633,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Libertine Angel,"This is an old-school RPG with all the awesome stuff you'd want. It's well-written, the characters are well-balanced (and they all feel awesome - trust me, Vraes is a badass), and the music is perfectly fitting for everything that you do. Granted, there are a few rough edges, but this is their first PC release, so you can't really hold that against them."
76561198009496394,Not Recommended,291190,31392057,Posted: 27 April,all,rashiakas,Just alt+f4 out of the game now because after another 5 steps the stupid dog bark told me I have to kill another 5 ratlings or spiders with the same boring autoattacks and no tactics whatsoever. Dont buy this game If you dont want to spend hours on the same encounter with boring skills and verry bad pacing.
76561198211428580,Recommended,291190,14485568,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,seanreid1201,"Top notch game, this is another classic from the Trese brothers. Excellent sopport from the developers and new content and features regularly added."
76561197980194630,Recommended,291190,12843561,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,GradeALunatic,"just played thru the prelude section, game to me is a fantastic oldschool rpg, that requires complex thought, already loving it"
76561198214810959,Recommended,291190,34341316,Posted: 18 August,all,corydelavega53,Great games from great developers.Now...Trese Bros.where is...Cyberknights andAge of Pirates??Huh?!WHERE IS IT?!?!?I'll pay you again for it!!!!
,Recommended,291190,22477500,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Darmaniac,This is more Fun then youre average games.Heroes of Steel RPG is an old school Tactical RPG but made in their own way.Really !!! it has a lot to offer.Brings back memorys of very good tactical games.If you have a bit of money to spend on a RPG.This is what you need.you get to choose 4 of the 8 character to begin with.Adjustable Difficulty (only tried normal yet)And i must say im very pleased with this game.Great workAnything from levelin youre hero stats. to skill. to special stuff . Equiping items etc.This game as it all!
76561198031478752,Recommended,291190,14501450,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,sirchet,A fun game that could use a little more depth.Also I would prefer a slightly isometric view as opposed to the straight down overhead angle.
76561198031727499,Not Recommended,291190,18327230,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,SQW,"Way too much filler battles that ultimately made the game boring.Skill trees are simplistic so you'll likely to repeat the same action again and again. The entire ACT 1 should have been 1/3 shorter since the last 1/3 basically has you battling the same hordes of enemies for no purpose but to drag the game on for another hour or so.Seriously, the grind was so bad by the time I finished ACT 1, I was so sick of the combat I quit the game 30min into ACT 2 because you can see the same filler game design peeking over the horizon."
,Recommended,291190,21426968,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Reap,I got this game nice and cheap. It feels like a mobile game.Thats how to treat it.
76561198028154825,Recommended,291190,30250303,Posted: 28 February,all,antientropy,Surprisingly good.
76561198006937839,Not Recommended,291190,14068984,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Sarbu,"i give this game a 3/10. its very basic on all fronts, except story is ok. its very easy unless you have never played a video game before and even then i doubt it would be hard. ai is terrible, most fights are me standing still waiting for the ai to attack me. when they do its generally 1 at a time (85% of the time). only the leaders are hard to hit and they dont do enough damage to worry about, just upgrade your cleric's heal and dont use the cleric for anything else and you win. so combat pretty dumb, unless u decide to charge in, you cant lose. also they have resting areas that heal you fully, so leave get in a fight, just go rest and since there is no chance of having enemies respawn or randomly attack you, you know you are safe and heal to full again, rinse repeat.Moving on the map is slow and bothersome at best. there is no map(except a world map, that you never need to use), so you cant tell where u have been. also u cant move the screen around either, unless you cast the rogues sight spell. this alone makes the game almost unplayable to me, takes a while to get around and even the way you forward is slow and dumb. also there is group walking or solo movement, not sure why thats really in the game. just another annoying thing you click on to move as a group.had to turn the sound off, everytime you see an enemy(well you never see an enemy they are almost always just out of sight), it makes a loud dog barking sound, no matter what kind of guys you fight and imo its really annoying. music is ok i guess.the game also makes a big deal about the rogue and her stealth/lock picking. never had a lock i couldnt pick yet, granted i wasnt the farest into the game. also she has a slight spell you can cast and its suppose to aleart if there is an enemy or a trap. problem is i havent once seen it be red. the problem is it shows you a big area, but the color is only based on the square u cast it on, so if you cast it right next to an enemy horde, oh yeah its blue guess its safe to go there. so far its only good to spot traps( well kind of, you can kind of tell where traps are). but even if you a trap, then you know the area has traps and you are going to look for traps... never had traps hit me in combat either.so in summary:The whole mechanics of this game are just off, slugish at best, and the ai is a push over, and the sounds are annoying and not needed. this does feel like a game for my phone. read all the like reviews and i have no idea what most of them are talking about, this game feels like its from the 90's and not in a good old school way."
76561198045401832,Not Recommended,291190,30497761,Posted: 13 March,all,SoloPlayah,Sorry but I had no patience with controlling the 4 characters with this GUI.
76561197972483399,Not Recommended,291190,13793051,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Hamburger!,"Very very very basic. If you have nothing else to do, this is a nice little RPG, but steam has soooo many other titles that are prettier and may offer more. If there were greater ability to: Choose Dialog, effect how your character looked, use different solutions to problems... or if the loot system had more depth... That said, I keep telling myself maybe I'll come back to this. Will I?"
76561198031141936,Not Recommended,291190,30525716,Posted: 15 March,all,dadasx,didnt like it
76561198016603957,Not Recommended,291190,34132991,Posted: 9 August,all,Fibulator,"Looking at nothing but heads and shoulders isn't fun.  If I wanted to do that, I'd go watch shampoo commercials."
76561197977594245,Recommended,291190,34828750,Posted: 8 September,all,btsager,"Reminds me of the countless hours I spent playing the old D&D computer games back when I was younger.   About 5 hours into the game, enjoying the story and adventure.    For the price, hard to beat if you enjoy this type of game."
