user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198000861562,Recommended,291650,15112977,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Z0mBi3,"I noticed that most people reviewing this game have previously played similar games. I don't have much experience with CRPG'S at all, thats why I thought my view of the game can give another perspective on things. That means I have not played games like Dungeons & Dragons, Baldurs Gate, Icewind Dale or Neverwinter Nights before playing this game.Pillars of Eternity starts of with a character creation. The amount of options that you have here is absolutely crazy. You can probably spend hours here, changing every little detail. You pick your sex, race, class, attributes, culture, appearance and finally voice.This game have many difficult settings and are obviously made for replayability. Pillars recommend that you start on easy difficulty, so I did. I most say that easy in this game isn't that simple!Loadscreens while you rest are pretty and some other environments in the game, like dungeons and forests. I like the details on the characters, it's very sharp, even when you zoom in. The only complaint I have is that some backgrounds are a little blurry and low res, which looks a little bit silly when it's next to a very detailed character. I get that they went for an ""old-school look"" but I still think that doesnt really match. But when you zoom out that won't really bother you.I recommend that you crank the volume up for this title, because background noise and sounds, in the dialogue and in combat, are great. It will help you get into the story and atmosphere better.Ventors in the cities and villages will buy all the trash you loot from enemies. You can buy camping tools, weapons and potions from them. If you have many followers you can carry more items, and all items can be transfered over between anybody in your party, which is great. So if I find a staff as barbarian I can simply open up the inventory and equip in on my mage.You will have to read most of the dialogue yourself, although some story related things are read for you. I still wouldn't recommend this game if you hate reading, because there's a lot of it. You can right click on items and spells to read everything about them as well. Some are just lore stuff, others are actually useful information.The story is dark and mysterious. Combat in done with real time and pause. You can also use slow motion in fights to make things more manageable and easy. As you level up your character and possible followers, you gain points which you can spend on things like sneak, survival, etc. You also get to pick spells.You can create really silly partys if you want. You can combine all the races and even have animal followers like bears. It's entirely up to you who you bring along the quests and you can choose how they will look like, what weapon they will use and what role they will have in combat.Options menu is very good. You can customize everything they way you like it in terms of controls. The graphics options are not as good, but for this type of game I wouldn't say its needed.The replayability is obviously insane when you think about how many races, followers and difficulty levels this game has. You can play the entire game solo, or you can choose to bring mages, dwarfs, godlikes, wizards, humans...and so on, with you. You can also create different kinds of humans, elfs, etc. It's fantastic.Obsidian Entertainment has created a great game overall, that even new CRPG players like me can enjoy. I have barely scratched the surface of this game, but I can already see that amount of work put into this title.It's fun, dark and mysterious and im having so much fun playing and learning new things everyday.Highly recommended title, if you don't mind reading of course."
76561198040401422,Recommended,291650,15401976,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Dolor,"Pillars of Eternity is an isometric party-based computer RPG using real-time-with-pause combat.What is Great about this game:- Complex and deep story that moves the game along incredibly well- Deep character creation and multiple classes each with multiple viable playstyles bringing significant variety to your own playthrough- Rich and appropriate back story, lore, and flavor text added throughout the game that is worth reading- Enjoyable tactical combat with numerous options for pausing and other options to make the game more enjoyable- Unique and sometimes fascinating quest lines with multiple alternative methods for success (e.g. talk yourself out of a combat encounter)- An ending storyline that was possibly the most thought-provoking and intelligently written as any I have experiencedWhat is Good about this game:- The game looks quite nice but could have used more art/animantions to improve it further- The voice acting is quite good where it exists- Good use of Steam features (cloud saves, trading cards, achievements, etc)What is Bad about this game:- The combat could have been significantly improved (although still very good) by including methods to automate companions similar to the systems in FFXII or Dragon Age: Origins- Given how story heavy this game is, it would have been much improved by including more voice-over work.  The voice acting is very good, but is only available sparsely.  The writing is more than worth reading, but having it spoken would have been that much more engrossing.Conclusion:Pillars of Eternity is the current pinnacle of story-telling in RPGs with a great combat system and a classic style.9.5 / 10.0"
,Recommended,291650,23697466,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Poppy McCabe,"It's hard not to compare this with Divinity: Original Sin. Both were funded on Kickstarter, both have a 91% score on Steam, both are rich, engaging cRPGs, and they were released months apart. It's fair to say both games have been wild successes that have surprised even the developers. If you had to pick ONE of these to invest time in which should it be?Turn-based vs. Real-time with pause: I eventually came to accept and even enjoy the real-time with pause combat of Pillars, though I much prefer turn-based. Real-time combat presents many problems that aren't the result of player mistakes. On numerous occasions I'd have characters stuck in place because the pathfinding didn't work right. The real-time combat often felt like a jumbled, chaotic mess instead of the tactical plan I had set out. Divinity is much cleaner in this respect and offered a much better experience, especially with respect to using the environment as a weapon. With Divinity I felt each power had a time and place, whereas with Pillars I ended up spamming the same powers and hoping for the best.Story: Pillars of Eternity definity wins out here. While the story in Divinity:OS wasn't bad, I would call it playful to the point of campy. Pillars had a deep, mature fantasy story worthy of a novel. While it was almost too much reading at times, the story was serious, dark, and dealt with real themes.Art: Pillars harkens back to the golden age of Infinity Engine games like Balgur's Gate, Icewind Dale, Planescape Torment, etc. The scenes are appealing, but prerendered and they felt a little static. This helps stoke the nostalgia for the late 90s, but Divinity feels up-to-date and immersive. Couple the art style of Divinity with it's highly interactive environments, and the world of Original Sin ends up feeling much more alive.Music: Both were great soundtracks but Pillars feels just a bit derivative of the Lord of the Rings movies. They aren't bad at all, but almost generically fantasy at times. Music is important here because when you spend tens of hours in these worlds, you're gonna get this music stuck in your head.In short, you should play both if you love deep, isometric, high-fantasy, western computer RPGs. If you MUST pick, consider the following choice. Choose Pillars of Eternity if you favor story and choose Divinity: Original Sin if you prefer combat. Both are hallmarks of a great RPG and each specializes beautifully."
,Recommended,291650,15149667,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Spaceballs,"I slaughtered the caravan at the very beggining that would usually introduce you into the game, and the story adapted to me bloody evil decision without skipping a beat! Amazing, 10/10!!!"
76561198004378036,Recommended,291650,25254260,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Gizmo,"> Farmer asks me to kill a pig eating ogre> Off to kill ogre scum> Find ogre scum> He tells me he is just trying to live a quiet life> Could it be not all ogres are scum?> I tell the ogre to come stay at my base it's peaceful there> He accepts> A few hours later war strikes my base> Hire ogre to fight by my side> He wipes out half the opposing army but is killed> RIP Korgrak may you find peace in your eternal swamp in the sky>♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out for Korgrak10/10 ogres ARE like onions, they both make you cry."
,Recommended,291650,29665308,Posted: 3 February,all,Dagger,"WARNING!Please don't bother buying Champion or Royal edition! It's not worth it at all! It's just couple of below average quality wallpapers, a few sketches, a few tasteless ringtones, a novella is very short, a documentary is on YouTube. The only things that are somewhat valuable are Almanac, Collector's Book, Guide and OST - but make sure you will be interested enough to read tons of text about the game's universe. OST is hands down really good.Better buy DLCs which are not included in pricey Royal Edition.I wish I could refund Royal Edition.As for the game - it's good!I think I like this game a bit more than Divinity Original Sin.Beautiful graphics and great optimization!Interesting mechanics and diverse classes and skills.I like crafting and enchanting systems - they are simple to use and very useful!"
,Recommended,291650,28399289,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,dort,"Have you ever played Baldur's Gate? Icewind Dale? Neverwinter Nights?Well, those games are called CRPGs: computer role-playing games.Pillars of Eternity fits just right in as their spiritual successor.ProsI bought it on a sale (60% off) so I felt my money was well spent!I finished it in about 80 hours and I took my time but didn't see everything. Themoney per hour ratiois pretty low, which is nice;I finished the game wanting for more! I won't buy the expansion now since I'm poor, but I'll add them to my wishlist;Gotta love the hoarding, exploring and destruction feelings;Weapon improvement is awesome;There's no such thing as an alignment: you get a reputation on regions by how you portray yourself on situations. I know some people say it's a con, but ♥♥♥♥ them.Reputation: Irrational +1, Aggressive +1.ConsSometimes dialogs are boring so I skipped them. The main story is about lost souls and past lives and stuff, but to be honest I felt it was too wordy sometimes;Dialogs are displayed like this:""What is he doing?""- you asked yourself while reading this guy's review. -""I guess I can see the point now"",you mumbled while scratching your chin.Sometimes the quoted sentences are voiced, but the other parts are not and there's no pause for you to read what's in between the voiced sentences. This actually irritated me a lot. It broke the immersion so much I just hurried the silent reading and considered the voice acting a distraction. I used to feel relief when the sentences weren't voiced so I could take my time;I couldn't find a key that centers the screen on character. Maybe there is one but I was way too lazy to find it;Some minor UI bugs, but none of them were a show-stopper. I'm a Unity developer myself and I know UIs can be a pain to fix, but sometimes pop-ups were flickering fast and making the text hard to read. This gave me a bad first impression since it happened at the character creation screen;Some things I learned the hard wayAny class can disarm traps: there's a skill called Mechanics so just invest on it. Make a rogue only if you love sneak attack like me;Characters are moving too slow? Press D to turn on Fast Mode;Endurance is how much punishment you can take before fainting in battle. When the battle is over, all characters get up and fill their Endurance with part of their overall Health. If a character faints in battle there's a severe random debuff that only go away when resting;I tried playing on normal difficulty, but after a while I sticked to easy.This change only applies to maps you haven't visited yet.I know some people like to suffer and get maimed by the game, but I'm in for the ride and good times;When picking up loot, you can put it all at your party's stash (it's the chest at the bottom-left corner of the UI). Every character has 20 slots for stuff, but you don't need to fill them. Ever;You can spend some gathered items to improve weapons and armor only AFAIK. Do it on unique items since they have buffs you can't get by any other means;Same bonuses given by equipment don't stack. If you have gloves that give you Might +1 and a headgear that gives Might +2, you'll only get the +2 bonus;Pets are cute but useless. I thought they would evolve to something fierce and dangerous, but no, they just follow you all over the place. A pretty useless feature if you ask me.Overall the experience is awesome and I believe it's worth the price and the effort.Unless you don't like CRPG, and in that case I'm wondering why you read this far.Thanks for reading and here's an ascii crooked cat to commend you on your efforts:|\- - -/||  o_o  |\ _^_/"
,Not Recommended,291650,32455489,Posted: 15 June,all,INTERNALIZED OPPRESSION,Paradox raised the price of their games to profit off the Steam Summer Sale. Do not support this practice.
,Not Recommended,291650,32480649,Posted: 16 June,all,Mithra,Game is fantastic. One of the best even.Do I recommend? Hell no.Paradox who is trying to squeze as much as money starting to become one of my most hated companies.Do honest job and earn that amount of money from game.But this greedy approaches will make you feel used.Don't but and don't support this behaviour.
,Recommended,291650,15079390,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Walter Sobchak,"One of the deepest RPGs on Steam from one of the most revered developers. Do not let the old school engine fool you - you can expect a high production quality for this genre. There are a few nasty bugs on release to avoid, read the forums for more information.Is it worth the $40+? Hell yeah it is. This is a real RPG."
76561198116709247,Recommended,291650,15064337,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,yjzep,"Yes it's early.  But whoa...    This game should be up for literary awards.  Only the written word can so easily, and completely, convey meaningful emotion and nuance.  Perfected along with the vibrant backgrounds, subtle yet solid soundtrack, and actually legible at high resolution text (adjustable font size in menu), this game will hold to be the test amongst all story based rpgs.  What little I have played of the combat engine has been intuitive.  Infinity engine perfected.  This game plays like a MUCH better written Baldur's Gate, except buttery as well, ...butter!   The extremely competent game mechanics hide away nicely, so that the immersion in environment and story stands unbroken for hours.  There have already been some large mood shifts and some mouth open gasps within the first 2 hours of gameplay.  I admit that I am already a huge fan of Obsidian, but it is with great reason.  I do not game for victory.  I do not game for competition.  I game to be entertained.  A 50-100 hour interactive book or movie is an immesurably better option than scrolling endlessly thru Facebook, or watching ""reality"" advervision.Mr Sawyer, Avellone, Cain, Brennecke, Urquhart, and the rest of that team deserve an award.  Not an award given to shooters because of realistic ballistics.  No.  I am talking Pulitzer prize level descriptive writing..(in my opinion obviously).  Kickstarter gave them the freedom to be as flowery as they wanna be, and boy oh boy did it pay off.  AAA publishers and  mindless console drones, screw you and your multiplayer gib shot twitch muscle ""e-sports"".  No, not really, as that stuff has merit to you if you enjoy it.  But for me, THIS IS WHERE IT'S AT!  I have the butterflies like the first time I read LOTR, long before Elijah Wood supplanted my vision of what  Frodo looked like.  Bring your imagination and ENJOY!!>>>>UPDATE<<<<56 hours in and I love this game even more!  I have played thru some bad (mechanically) games just to see a decent story.  Not a worry here!  This story seems layered and rich, and even the game mechanics are amazing.  Anybody who doesn't like the way it plays are either looking for something specific (it does NOT play exactly like Baldur's Gate, despite similar appearance and mechanics), or they just haven't taken the time to learn the system.  If you choose to pass up an amazing artistic Tour de Force due to ""mages not being as OP as in BG"" or something along these lines, then you are very hard to please and I believe it to be a mistake.  If you like RPGs, and when you think of ""RPG"" you don't immediately think of skyrim, then this is worth a shot!!"
,Recommended,291650,15150726,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,comradechrome,"Baldur's Gate was the ultimate videogame for me when I was a kid, but I've always had trouble convincing my friends to like it. The same is true now for Pillars of Eternity. The quality of the game is superlative, it's just an inaccessable format to some people.  I think this is probably the game for you if you can enjoy a fantasy novel or have ever read up on the lore of a videogame outside of the game.The thing this type of game does best is world building. The characters you meet have weight, everything matters, and the universe feels unique. It's not a cheap knockoff fantasy world where they just switch around the names of familiar tropes. There's a holistic personality to the world you're in and you just want to get to know it. And the best part is that getting to know the world doesn't mean reading through the codexes in a menu somewhere. The game teases bits of lore and it's up to you to find out more. You learn about a war and you have to meet a veteran to find out what happened. You find the name of a god and you seek out a priest to learn their beliefs. You'll hear someone tell a myth and you'll actually seek out the book in game so you can get the full story. And even then, no one source is definitive, so you're delighted if you ever stumble upon a new tidbit."
76561197979875574,Recommended,291650,15340476,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Fantoche Dreemurr,"So I just finished the game... [Review]Well, at 46 hours, that was one, long and fun ride.  I haven't felt so involved in a roleplaying game since Planescape : Tormet and it speaks volumes of the writing here.  There were a couple bugs and I'll get to them in an instant but the major ones were swiftly corrected, leaving some minor ones with very little impact in game.First, let's start with the obvious.  This game was obviously developped by gamers who know what they like in a game.  Everything about the interface screams convenience.  At first I was surprised to only find sixteen equipment slots in the inventory, until I noticed a well organised, infinite ""stash"" box.  Every quest item and ingredient (and there's a LOT of them) instantly goes to your stash, leaving you to select only what you want to keep.  New weapon that you don't plan to use?  Stash.  Crapload of stuff on the ground?  Stash.  You can also dump equipment from your inventory to your stash if you like.  There's also an option to be able to access it anywhere, otherwise you are limited to inns and during campings.  I preferred keep it like that but it's really up to the player.Speaking of convenience and options, there's one to enlarge the looting radius.  Basically that means that whenever you loot something from the dead, every other corpse nearby will be looted.  I definately recommend you put the radius to the maximum.  There's the usual meta-infos, what you want displayed, when the auto pause begins, there's a lot to check out.There's also a limited number of ""resting"" available, which for those abusing it in other games might come off as annoying but you get 4 on ""normal"" and less on harder difficulties.  You find ""camping supplies"" in a lot of crates and most merchants sell them as well.  By level 7, I hardly noticed the supplies since you get a lot of spells to throw to your enemies and it becomes an issue only if you're dangerously low on health.Yes, low on health.  This is both a good and a bad thing so I won't hold the developpers for this interesting and new concept.  You have two ""life"" totals.  One is the stamina and the other, your actual health.  Your health is always far higher than your stamina, sometimes as much as three or four times the total and both lower at the same time.  However, since your stamina's much lower, you will fall unconscious before dying at least for a while.  After the fight, your unsconscious characters will get up and the endurance will refill quickly, up to the current health.  So when your health is low, your endurance bar will be capped and that's when you risk dying.  I thought that was an interesting idea but my issue is that the only way to raise your health is to rest.  Mind you, it does make sense in a way But there are times when you wish you didn't need to use your supplies just because one character nears death.  Even the highest priest spells do nothing to raise the health at all.  There's an option to change the final death to injuries but I left it off, I preferred the perma deaths.  Again, great work on making sure the game's tailored to a player's preferences.On another note, I hope you love reading.  This isn't Diablo 3 here and again, I'm bringing Planescape Torment as a comparison.  The writers did a stellar job, when you can talk to a NPC, the dialogs are expansive and there's a lot of body language added for immersion.  There's also this fun idea of letting Kickstarter backers write their own NPCs.  Now and then, you'll meet people whose nameplates are golden instead of tan.  When you click on them, you can ""Reach out for their souls"" and get to experience, from that NPC's point of view, an important moment in their life.  They have no impact at all ingame except to give you a better immersion and let you read something fun.  I read every one I came across, some are pretty gory, others are light hearted and sweet, others just bittersweet.  It's definately an awesome way for Developpers to reward the backers and I'm pretty sure all of them bought the game just to be able to see their own NPC.  The fact that they are entirely optional is also well thought, someone who don't really like reading (and why would they play a game like that is beyond me) can just ignore them.Now, as far as party creation goes, I can already tell some people might feel put off by the fact you can only create one character at the start.  When you enter an Inn (and it happens within the first hour) You can hire mercenaries up to your own level, at a cost.  I found out what thanks to the generous loot, I could have a full party of six very quickly with very little impact on levels.  You also meet scripted NPCs, who are all very interesting but since my first character was a mage and the first hireable NPC you meet is also one, I went with creating my own party.  You get the standard stuff, warrior, monk, druid etc with new stuff like a chanter, which is basically a bard that can take actions while chanting and once a song is complete, you get a strong effect or a cipher who gains ""mana"" by damaging enemies.I pretty much completely neglected the scripted NPCs, meaning my party never intervened or commented during conversations which was a bit sad but I did not regret it, my own party was rock solid with far better stats than the scripted ones.  By the end, I did promise myself to use the scripted ones in my next playthrought since they do offer a very lively interaction with the world.Very early in the game you gain a stronghold, which offers you a major questline as there's a VERY large dungeon in your own basement (actually under your own dungeon, which I thought was clever).  You can build structures to add minor bonuses when you rest at home as well as get cosmetic changes.  Overall it's a fun addition, it adds little to the overall story but again, the massive dungeon alone is worth it.  At fifteen levels, it's by far the largest in game and also by far the most interesting, each level has it's own ""theme"" and distinct look.The enemies were for the most part varied but I admit I'd have wished to see less of these damn ""shade"" monsters, you see them from start to finish and by level 8, pose no serious threat.  The enemy AI is very good too, I was often surprised by flanking moves and concentrated attacks on vulnerable party members.Speaking of AI, there is one, for your party, kinda.  I wish it would show a bit more initiative but once the fight begins, the party members mostly find a new target by themselves but at the start, won't do anything unless you order them to.  They also don't seek new targets if they are too far either.  Personally I like to micromanage my party so I hadn't noticed this until well into the game, as I issued my orders right from the first active pause of combat.The game is capped at level 12.  While I understand that at this point you can easily steamroll most fights by just asking everyone to rush in, I hit that limit very early, at the start of act 3.  There's a ""bounty"" quest system from your fortress' lodge that are basically ""go there and kill this person"" and they are challenging fights but gives a LOT of XP.  Capping at 15 might have given more of an incentive to finish all quests.  The spells stop at level 6 but there's room for 3-4 more levels in the list, I figure that if the game sells well (and it sure did) they could consider that in the sequel.Now for the auditory review...  you normally don't expect a game like that to look so good but I've paused at several times in game just to look around and admire the scenery.  Most dungeons are a feast for the eye and the music is really good.  It has a very ""Obsidian"" theme to it.Verdict : 92%.  STRONGLY recommended."
76561197996239401,Recommended,291650,15062731,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Finsterjaeger,"This game was a flash to the past for me in every way imagineable.  The first hour of the game reminded me of the magical times I had playing Baldurs Gate, Icewind Dale, and Planescape Torment as a teenager.  I don't know how they managed to do it, but they have made, in my mind, the perfect homage to the old in a modern package.  This is what PC Gaming should be. This IS what PC Gaming is today.  I cannot reccomend this game enough for anyone who even moderately enjoys roleplaying games, tactical combat, or anything with a good story.10/10. We can all hope that we get a steady dose of expansions and sequels."
76561198082181720,Not Recommended,291650,32569379,Posted: 19 June,all,TerrorVoid,"Vanilla game costs as much as WItcher 3 with all DLC.While story is fine, game doesn't even come  close in any other aspect. Thus, why pay for what this game isnt worth?Avoid till normal prices will return.UPD: Apparently, right after sale price was returned to normal. Disgusting moneygrabbing policy."
,Recommended,291650,15101159,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Calorie Mate,"Alright, this is going to be a bit more in depth. So if you're interested in the mechanics featured in Pillars of Eternity, this might be for you.Character Attributes and StatsAttributes as you might know them, have been repurposed, and some of their effects put into their own sub categories. Every main Attribute has it's base purpose now. LikeIntelligencefor example affects the size of the AoE and how long spells/buffs/skills last, andMightaffects the strength of physical attacks, spells and also healing.The reason for this change is to throw away the old min/maxing of stats in favor of viability and sandbox character creation. Other effects that are usually tied to these attributes or classes have their own categories now, which can be adjusted through equipment or during a lvl up. One example of this isLore. WhereIntelligenceis used in other games to determine what scrolls you can read,Loretakes it's place in PoE.Even though this might sound intimidating or confusing at first, it honestly isn't. Not only is it easier to understand than the ""old"" way, where the same attributes affect different classes in different ways, but it also prevents hitting a wall in late game because you chose the wrong attributes for your class in the beginning. In PoE this problem is (almost) nonexistant because the system is made so your character will still be viable. Maybe not the way you planned it originally, but still viable. Even messing up deliberately is very hard to do. The basic idea is: create your character the way you want it. And the tooltips explain very clearly what each stat does and how it affects your character, making it very easy to build the one you want to play.Combat systemCombat in PoE is real time with the option to pause it anytime you want. And you definitely want to pause, because the combat is generally pretty fast in this game. Most fights against regular mobs are over after the first couple of seconds if you have a strong opening(The Cipher's 'Mind Blades' followed up by crippling melee skills for example.) I've played two characters on normal and hard so far, and most basic encounters are relatively easy when using the right strategy. But a strong opening, combined with tactical positioning is the key to handle most encounters quickly. This game rewards the thinking person, and the combat is no exception.The combat system is quite deep and has a lot of room for tactical adjustments. I'll just cover the basics here. As you might suspect, dice play a large role in combat. If you hit your enemy or not, is determined by a D100. 1-50 is a grazed hit and 50-100 a regular hit. -0 is a miss, and +100 a critical hit. Grazed hits do -50% DMG, crits do +50%, and a miss makes you look like an idiot. Here's an example of an attack as you'll see it in the combat log:Acc:40 - Def:26 = 14. Roll:70 + 14 = 84(Hit). 13.5 - (DR:6.0 - 3.0) = 10.5 PierceSo, what's happening here? First you have yourAccuracywhich is compared to theDefenseof the defender. In this case the difference is 14 in my favor(40-26=14.) Next is my dice roll to which the previous result is added(or subtracted if your Acc is lower than the defender's Def.) I rolled a 70 plus the 14 from my Acc bonus, meaning 84 = a Hit!Then, there's the DMG my weapon does(13.5) and after that the]Damage Reductionfrom the defender, which is subtracted from my attack's DMG. Normally this would reduce my damage to 7.5(13.5-6.0), but since my Dagger has the effect to bypass 3.0Damage Reduction, I only get a 3.0 penalty and do 10.5 Pierce type damage.Whew! Not so complicated after all is it? However, there are 4 different types of Defense for each character and multiple types of Damage Reduction, which give this system quite a lot of depth to work with.Another basic mechanic isEngagement.Once two characters are engaged in combat, they are ""locked"" to each other. Breaking this lock(to escape or attack a different character)gives the other combatant a free attack. This is a fundamental system, that some people have trouble working with. It also means that the character making the most DMG or aggro doesn't necessarily pull all your enemies. This is where clever positioning and the usage of skills comes into play. (You're going to hate enemies that tunnel or warp their way around your carefully aligned defense. Stop them with spells and skills before they get a chance to do so. See: strong opening.)Vitality & EndurancePillars of Eternity has basically two versions of Health:VitalityandEndurance.Enduranceis your resistance to short-term injury, or how much damage a character can withstand before they are knocked unconscious in battle.Vitalityrepresents long-term injury or how much damage a character can sustain before they are maimed or die permanently. A character'sVitalityis based on hisEnduranceand multiplied according to his class. ADruidwith an End. of 50 will have Vit. of 200, since his class multiplicator is 4.Every hit you take in battle reduces End. & Vit. If your character takes 10DMG, you'll lose 10 End. & 10 Vit. End. is de facto your combat health, and if it's totally depleted, you're knocked out for the rest of the battle. Therefore the healing spells/skills in the game affect the End. The only way to replenish yourVitalityhowever is by resting. Either by camping or sleeping in taverns. Also, your End. will sink with your Vit. once it reaches it's value. Meaning that with a Vit. of 36, you'll also have an End. of 36.If yourVitalityreaches 0, you'll be maimed. Maimed is a serious condition that inflicts grave combat penalties. Once a character has been maimed, further reduction of Vit. will always result in death, and it can only be healed through resting.Spell castingAs in old Infinity Engine games, spells have limited use and need resting to replenish said uses. But Pillars of Eternity also features skills that replenish aftereach battle.The key is to balance these two, so you'll not find yourself without spells in the middle of a dungeon. The amount of camping supplies you have also varies with each difficulty. On hard, you may find yourself run out of spells and without camping supplies right before a major battle. But this is a good example of how Pillars of Eternity handles difficulty. It not simply determines the health and strength of enemies, but the amount of management and tactics required by the player.The WritingThere's not much to say here, other than that it's some of the best writing I've experienced in some time. It's not only the story of the game, and the lore(which is almost mandatory for a setting like this), no it's the syntax that makes it so great. Even though you have walls of text in front of you, it almost never feels bothersome to read. Language and sentences are formed so reading remains fluid at all times. Party members are full of character and always fun to interact with, and even regular NPCs are interesting, since even the most basic Q&A session is tied to a bigger story.BugsAs it is tradition with Obsidian games, Pillars of Eternity suffers from some release bugs. Some common bugs are that you can't leave areas, crashes when entering a certain area, that the cursor stops working etc. All these are already confirmed to be fixed by next week though.Pillars of Eternity is not simply Baldur's Gate 3, and I thank Obsidian for breaking through the wall of overused mechanics, which not only enhances the game to a great deal, but also makes it truly stand out as a CRPG. Read the tooltips and get familiar with the mechanics early on, before you hit the ""real"" part of the game, and you won't have any trouble with frustration :^)"
,Recommended,291650,15123597,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Kyefsin,"My point of view:Been waiting such game for years after Black Isle gone for good. It is really done well and you can see the developers long hours of work in it.Pros:+Real RPG we wanted for years+Hardcore experience+Sandbox (you are not suppose to DO something before anything. you can explore the world and do nothing if you want after prologue)+Challenging (ill add this to cons also since many people are complaning about it)+Details (You should put some attention to details. Not all companions will give you quests with in conventional way. some you need to talk time to time and you need to check dialogs with them regularly)+Good visuals+New Stats (Back in old days 1charisma or 1int characters were popular to max out some stats but adjusting stats as multi purpused is genious and brings back balance)Cons:- Low variety of companions (will be fixed with aditional content or mods i hope. First thing that bothered me)- Hardcore and challenging experiance (there are many topics about this its not a problem for me but to warn you guys)- Dull spell casting (only 1word and 1animation . Different speel verbals and signs, animations would be there! i expected it but ...)- Low variety of avatars at character creation screen- Some wepons are useless (guns>bow no need to use bow *YES i know they are in real wold but we are not in it and there is magic. Classical ranger concept is about bow so it can bother some roleplay fans)**Havent decided about ost yetThis game is a must have if you loved old Black Isle games. Not complicated as Planetscape but good and jucy as Baldurs gate 2 and better story then Icewind Dale. Need more companions and interactions with companions. Also havent encountered a bug yet which is nice(corrected). Voice overs and voice acting is done perfectly *nearly*. There are too much souls with useless interaction it gets abit boring after a while it can be corrected by living in them by in game cutscenes kinda thing.*EDIT-Ost is kinda good you never got bored of it but dont have VERY special thing in it (according to my taste) but a very good ost.- Encountered 2 bugs-When you autosave(F5) if you try to move with arrow keys game puts your camera at the corner of the map- 2nd bug is kinda SPOILEER!!!!!The big♥♥♥♥♥dragons' attack bugs time to time and he stuck at the middle of attack animation so it makes him easy kill."
76561197969842277,Not Recommended,291650,17810818,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,chernann,"Having played Baldur's Gate 2 multiple times over the years (including the ""enhanced"" edition), POE should have scratched the same itch, but it doesn't. I really, really wanted to like it but after two dozen hours I long for BG2. Rather than a spiritual successor, it feels like a rushed homage to its predecessor. Here's what I didn't like:The world feels quite small,character development choices are not particularly meaningful,melee combat is woefully ineffective (the more armor you have, the slower you hit,  The bigger your shield, the less accurate you are).  Forget about playing a DPS fighter, you're SOL.really found it hard to care about the PC, the world, or any of the companions.loading screens EVERYWHERE. Inability to turn off autosave (seriously?) - every screen transition has a 10 second loading screen - it doesn't matter if you're going from a city map to the world map, or just upstairs to the 2nd floor of the inn.  This made me dread indoor environments.the Watcher's Keep -alike, Od Nua, was very disappointing - it almost felt like a series of procedural dungeons.  No puzzles, a very basic story and disappointing treasure.buffing outside combat is impossible as certain skills/spells cannot be activated or cast outside combat.  Again, seriously?  A backwards design choice that really detracts from immersion.related to the above, since buffing is impossible, the best strategy for any encounter is to front load as much damage as possible, which makes the slow loading firearms almost a default choice for ranged combat.the loot in this game is so underwhelming I ended up not caring.exposition overload - almost every character will drop an exposition bomb on you, about the world, their motivations etc.  Instead of telling me, show me - in the way the world is designed, the placement of NPCs like beggars, refugees or ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s etc.It LOOKS like BG2, but doesn't have much of a soul.  Overall just felt rushed."
76561198007683294,Not Recommended,291650,32477133,Posted: 16 June,all,NeonHaggis,"While it is a superb game I think the Paradox business model should not be encouraged. The 'economic realities' are an ever increasing profit margin (around 200 million last tax year) while increasing prices to the end user. The squeeze is just another way to get money out of your account and into theirs.IMO wait for steams sales for any Paradox title, don't feed their greed."
76561197970437350,Recommended,291650,15144660,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,krypt2nite,"I don't care to ever write reviews and quite frankly my PC Gaming has taken a major halt in the last few years because like a lot of you interested in this game I've been playing PC games since the start and been through all the classics. Quite frankly I don't get impressed easily anymore.Finally a game comes by (single player non the less) that has totally encapsulated me in it's world and I want to play, I think about playing, and I enjoy every minute playing. I did download this game cause I'm broke right now but after the first day I immediately bought it. I never thought a single player game would be worth 45$ again. It has some minor bug of course but it's refreshing playing a game that feels complete and not another terrible early access mess that I play, get bored, and never ended up playing the ""completed"" game.Thanks Obsidian for bring us back to how PC gaming use to be and you have my full support in the future. Don't be eaten up by big brother and continue doing what you're good at."
76561197981857022,Recommended,291650,26426845,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,The Snail,"Pillars of Eternity's main offereing is the satisfaction of choice both in Story and Combat & for Rpg veterans which love to get interwebbed  into evergoing deeper mechanics this is Nirvana.Now this does not mean that you will be cracking your head trying to learn how to play this,but it does require some miniute effort.The amount of reading which resides in this Wonderful game, would most probably amount too 2 novels, so please be informed there is alot of reading which at times can be tedious if not in the right mindset.(There is voice acting but not enough to make the Story concrete without reading.)Overall if you love rpg's I will whole heartedly recommend it. For people though which have never touched CRPGs I would suggest to hold steadfast&Research because they are slower than modern Rpgs."
76561198029377469,Recommended,291650,32857730,Posted: 27 June,all,Soldonzo,"I bought this game with the hopes I could recapture my memories of  long nights spent playing Icewind Dale. In that respect, the game was largely a disappointment.Yet, the game itself when judged by its own merits is decent enough. It hits all the notes you would expect in a modern and competant RPG. There's a learning curve, so don't buy it unless you want to be challenged...I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys RPG's, or challenging games. Everyone else, steer clear."
76561197983196977,Not Recommended,291650,16810361,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Authority,"Not Recommended at full price, wait for $10 or lower at least. Loads of tedious combat encounters and binary quest solutions. Unable to get all achievements since one is exclusive to Kickstarter backers.UPDATE: Finally made it to the end boss on Ironman Path of the Damned and the game has glitched rendering me unable to complete it and invalidating ALL of my progress. I have spent nearly 150 hours trying to find something other than the main story to redeem this game but I have nothing.I have played Baldurs Gate, Icewind Dale, Fallout, Torment, as well as Neverwinter Nights 1&2. I have played just about every obsidian game that has come out as well, with my favorites by and far being NWN2 Storm of Zheir, and Fallout: New Vegas.However when I play this game, it is (to my surprise) boring. The problem is a vast majority of the game is combat, tedious number rolling save-scumming low damage limited spells combat. There are no instant-kill abilities or vibrant graphic spells to break up the monotony such as Torment, it is largely just putting a tank or two at a bottleneck and picking apart packs of monsters. It almost feels that most enemies exist of the sake of existing. There are other things I dislike about the combat (especially the engagement system) but I will save my figurative breath.As with any Obsidian game the dialogue is well-written, although I find that a majority of  dialogue choices loop to the same outcome. Most quests end up with you fighting the person regardless if you want to or not, a vast majority of people are more than willing to just charge in and die to a group of random strangers for no discernible reason instead of going to jail or opting to run away. It seems most ""persuasive"" options involve threatening people until they tell you what you probably already know.That being said I don't really enjoy this game, it holds a lot of potential that just isn't realized and ends up executing ideas poorly. Obsidian has an undeniable talent for writing, but they are just not up to balancing a game. The leveling system is a mess of must-have or don't-touch abilities, and even with a 6 person party it just feels completely underwhelming."
76561198015927399,Recommended,291650,27844649,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sanguinius Týr,"CRPG HEAVEN!Baldur's Gate saga, Icewind Dale, Neverwinter... these are some of the heavyweights in the CRPG genre. Playing Pillars of Eternity I would now have to add this title to the list. Let me explain why below.Story/GameplayThe story is rather interesting, dealing with the concept of souls and past lives, which I have rarely seen before, so it led me along nicely causing me to want to find out more.Quests are many and are much fun. You have the main storyline quests to follow, normal quests and then tasks to complete.Gameplay is very similar to the titles above but with a few differences. No co-op, so no playing with friends, which I enjoyed a lot previously but hey. No need for pistol/bow ammunition, just equip and start shooting. Everyone can wear full plate armour, regardless of class with no major penalties and look bad♥♥♥♥♥The writing is exceptional and I love to read descriptions of action and the environment as well as learn new words I can use in real life.StrongholdA new addition to this style of game is the inclusion of your very own stronghold that you are able to acquire, upgrade and run as its lord. I'm a big fan of this in games and I must say that it feels fleshed out and part of the game, rather than tacked on. There is a point in the game where you have to fight to keep the stronghold and you as its lord, which I must say was thrilling.GraphicsVery similar to the CRPGs of old and yet just better enough for this generation, however I wouldn't zoom in too much as the graphics fall apart with character detail.Music/ScoreJust as good as other CRPG titles with the music helping to take you on an epic adventure.CompanionsYou have eight to choose from in the main game and a couple of others in the White March expansion. I found that some companions are better than others regarding the dialogue and their personal quests. Are they as good as those in the Baldur's Gate saga? No, but they're not bad either. Some remarks they make are funny and insightful. I would have preferred if all their dialogue was fully voiced, but I guess it would have cost too much, well I hope that's the case, otherwise it's just lazy.LootAs with all RPGs there are a shed tonne of loot to collect, which triggers the OCD in me. I must gather everything! Leave no stone unturned! Crack open that stone... just in case ;)SummaryIf you enjoy or have enjoyed the Baldur's Gate saga then you owe it to yourself to play this game. It's not exactly the same but what differences there are help it to stand on its own. As of this review I have only played 51hrs but I can easily see myself playing well over 100hrs. Once I have completed the game in its entirety I shall edit this review to reflect that and my final thoughts.8/10"
,Recommended,291650,15074120,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,AlabasterShrike,Everything I've wanted in a game for years. The story is great (so far). The graphics are beautiful. The gameplay is smooth. The writing is incredible. I wish I'd found this before the Kickstarter was over. Amazing.
,Recommended,291650,17937627,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Emily,"Pillars of Eternity. Widely acclaimed as a spiritual successor to Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale. While I do not doubt the truth of such claims, I would like to offer my perspective as someone who's never played Baldur's Gate or Icewind Dale, and thus approach PoE with fresh eyes.For a start games in the fantasy genre which PoE sits in are plenty on Steam. Indeed I have an earlier review of Spellforce, a game which was somewhat forgettable for me despite brave attempts to capture the spirit of fantasy RPG. As I hadn't played Baldur's Gate nor Icewind Dale, PoE's first job as to sell itself to me on the steam store page. I approached it with some skepticism initially and wasn't entirely sold on the top down isometric view. The game's content, gameplay, mechanics, lore etc however, reminded me of my evenings of pen and paper RPG games I've had with friends, and that convinced me to give it a try.It was a decision I would not regret. Character creation is one of the biggest parts of any good P&P fantasy RPG game, be it Dungeons and Dragons or Warhammer. The character creation of PoE made me feel exactly like I was starting a P&P RPG game. It wasn't so much as customising my character's look as it was fleshing out my backstory, allocating stats etc. I spent almost 3 hours alone in character creation.The story is well written, well paced. The lore is rich, you feel like you are in a wonderful fantasy world to be explored. While having individual maps instead of a massive world like any of the Elder Scrolls games makes exploration less of a focus, nonetheless it's still good fun discovering new places. The combat system takes a while to learn and master, and having a game manual would really help, but by and large the mechanics of the game aren't too difficult to pick up. When playing it I had a sense I was playing a game with Elder Scroll's rich lore and setting with Diablo's graphics and interface, both franchises I absolutely adore. As a setting for individual role playing in, it's right up there with Elder Scroll games.There aren't many games which have made me think ""I really love the fantasy genre"". Fable was the first that got me started. Warcraft, especially WoW, got me deep into it. Elder Scrolls cemented my love for the genre, and I didn't think it was possible to take my love for fantasy to a new level, but Pillars of Eternity has somehow managed to do that. Playing it brings back the sort of emotions I experienced the first time I played Fable, WoW, Elder Scrolls. All the more amazing given the isometric top down projection and fixed maps PoE utilises instead of first person or over the shoulder views in an open world those other games share.With the rich amazing lore as its foundations, I can see PoE being the beginning of something great. A grand new fantasy franchise to go alongside giants such as Warcraft, Elder Scrolls, Warhammer etc. PoE has recently released its first DLC, I am sure the first of many. This is a game franchise with a great future to come, and I am not only glad I am a part of it from the first game, I hope to bring along as many of you on this adventure as I can.Edit: already PoE is being held up as the new benchmark. Issue 283 of PC Gamer has a review for a similiar isometric view RPG game called Kyn with this exact phrase: ""The more I played, the less it reminded me of Pillars of Eternity...""Also I wrote this review before I read the PC Gamer's review of PoE. Here's part of the opening paragraph: ""Almost an hour had passed, and I was still on the character creation screen. That’s how I knew, before I’d even started, that this homage to classic computer role-playing games like Baldur’s Gate, Icewind Dale, and Planescape: Torment was authentic....""And here's another part of the next: ""It’s the most captivating, rewarding RPG I’ve played on a PC in years, and I’ve fallen in love with the intricate, richly painted world they’ve crafted.""Seems familiar? Those were exactly the same things I've said about PoE that's made me fall in love with. This game is a must try for RPG fans. Get it, you won't regret it!"
76561198096287565,Recommended,291650,15063617,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Kitzeln,Started Trial of Iron.Wandered in some cave.Got one shoted by a bear.Game Over after just one hour.Most RPGs teach you to do everything in game.But not this game. You have to choose wisely to survive.This is awesome.10/10
76561198245288272,Recommended,291650,29530946,Posted: 27 January,all,NitoTheFunkadelicBoner,"This game, let me tell you a tale. This is the most beautiful thing ever. 11 hours in, level 4 and I know that there's probably enought content to keep me good for the entire semester of college. Congrats on getting your sequel btw obsidian. Keep it up"
,Recommended,291650,15125785,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Helvetika,"Up until now, I had never played an isometric RPG like this and I figured I'd add in my two cents for others like myself.  My previous experience has been with games like Skyrim, the Mass Effect series,  various shooters and an assortments of strategy games.  With that in mind, I was a little concerned that the pacing of this game would be an issue (having to pause repeatedly in combat, reading through a lot of text, the lack of flashy special effects and cutscenes, etc...).  Not only is it not an issue, I found that it was quite relaxing!  This game makes me want to play it while drinking a cup of hot tea while sitting in front of a crackling fire.  It's an experience to be taken slowly and savored.  I spent about 30 minutes in the character creation alone and loved all the various options that went into crafting the perfect hero.I read some copmplaints here about the graphics quality, but it was a non-issue to me.  In fact, I have found that to be one of the things working in its favor.  In a weird way, not being bombarded with flashy special effects and cutscenes is one of the things that has helped make the game more immersive and relaxing to me.I highly recommend this game.  It's deep, immersive and the story and world is charming and interesting.  It requires time and thought and is not a game that is designed to be rushed through, but I feel that it does a great job at rewarding the player's time investment."
76561198033454368,Not Recommended,291650,15131161,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Knight,"THE SONIC 06 OF ISO GAMES.This game is a shell of what I expected it to be. I let the hype train, and the 3.9 million budget (on kickstarter) isometric rpg game, make me think it was going to be an epic that would allow me to relive Baldur's Gate. And I was wrong.I'll start off with a few things I liked. Inventory management is much easier. You can place the majority of loot in a huge container. The Prologue I found to be extraordinarily fun, and I felt everything about that part of the game was well fleshed out. The fast forward that allows you to quickly walk around is a dream come true. The stronghold mechanics were extremely fun and well done.EDIT: I'd like to update the news on this review, the devs caved into SJWs to remove a limerick that was pathetically not offensive. In addition to that, the devs have stated modding on the Baldur's Gate scale is unlikely. So yeah, enjoy this objectively worse game. Funnily enough, they largely stated they would ""support"" mods. By support, they must have meant ""allow"" mods, supporting them in a metaphorical sense rather than an actual implementation sense.I'd also like to mention the absolute shameless moneygrab the upgrade packs are. It makes EA look generous.But sadly, for a story rich rpg, if you find the story and characters uninteresting and the combat unfun, you will not like this game.I found myself fairly uninterested in the story. In Baldur's Gate you were the spawn of a dead God, in planescape Torment you were an amnesiac immortal who can die, in this game you're a ghost whisperer.The prologue was fun until the end, and the game kinda felt like it just kept rolling downhill.First, like most obsidian games, it's been released with numerous bugs, though you wont notice them at first (loading game with some stat boosting armor stacks the effect, saving and reloading enough will make you invincible.)Combat is terribly unbalanced. There are SEVERAL situations where my backline (the damage on the team) is simply rushed by most persons of the enemy group. In order to stop them, I use tank-warriors, whom are immediately ignored and practically walked through. Warriors in general don't do very much damage so you HAVE to rely on your backline. But if you can't peel the enemies off, GG better reload.Then you can form a party of max/min rangers. 4 rangers, a cleric, and a tank/rogue are unbelieveably strong because they each get an animal companion. The hardest difficulty with this group is relatively easy.Mages and Clerics cannot cast buffs before battle. So no preperations can be used save for just ""winging it."" In battle tactics often involve simply having your backline hope the front line can prevent the fast moving rush monsters from touching the backline. In baldur's Gate, this wasn't nearly as bad an issue, as you could summon monsters or even buff characters before a battle, in this game u kinda just hope and pray.Mages have been SEVERELY weakened relative to what you probably expect. Many of the spells you'd expect them to have have been split up between roles, such as chanter, and chanters can't learn mage---excuse me, wizard spells. In Baldur's Gate you'd use all your mage spells in a battle early on. But it wasn't too big an issue, you could rest all you needed, though it would risk combat. In this game, you CAN'T rest without supplies, and you can only bring 4 rests worth in normal difficulty, plus they're relatively hard to come by.Then there's the skirmishes. They only programmed party ai to auto-attack. A very lazy way to go about things considering just about every iso game in the infinity engine allows your party to auto-battle with more developed ai.The game's built in characters ""tag along"" with your party without any real reason to do so. The only character that actually seems to have a reason to tag along is the Grieving Mother and Sagani. The others are just risking their lives for you and doing chores around your keep because ""it seems less boring than waiting around."" The writers make little effort to conect the characters to you at a personal level in any way. They barely even seem to notice each other, and while they do banter, the banter will likely remind you of Dragon Age rather than Baldur's Gate, they say a few voiced lines, instead of arguing or having something meaningful to say, they just feel like they're making minor comments. In Planescape: Torment, the characters could all connect to the main character because they were all suffering torment and at one point or another, dealt with experiencing their nature jurassically change. And the reoccurring question: ""What can change the nature of a man."" Was pure icing on the cake. I could analyze that game and its merit all day.In this game: Many of the characters aren't particularly interesting to begin with, and are shockingly low in number. BG1 had 25 companions available and 5 temporary companions. This game has 8 companions and 2 temporary. Something is amiss if the amount is a THIRD of available in game party members of a 1998 game it tries to succeed that have much less dialogue than Planescape: Torment despite much better technology not to mention recieving 4 times their asking budget. None of the in-game characters seem nearly as special or interesting.There's a LOT of writing in this game, but quantity doesn't necesarily mean quality. There's *some* great immersive dialogue, but there's just moments where I can't help but not care. The characters' motivations are poorly constructed, the quests are immersively flawed, ex: a certain paladin: (""I have to go to this location that is currently unavailable at this point in the story, so I'll just ignore my meager existence because my plotline isn't important enough to give an explanation as to why I can't guide you to this location on the map yet."")I recall PoE was CONSTANTLY advertised as free of publisher-based restrictions and a free creation envisioned by the developers. Yet, it plays textbook safe, as one of the most generic, word swamped, fantasy adventure games I have ever played.An example: A man who is witnessing the memories of himself in a different life is watching himself♥♥♥♥♥♥a woman in tears. The dialogue should describe a pained expression on his face, so that I PERSONALLY am able to figure out he feels a sense of shame and regret. Instead, the writing is, ""he makes a face as though he is ashamed of what he's done and that he regrets doing such a thing."" I'm supposed to figure that out by watching his face, stop flipping the narrative to omnipotent God who understands the feelings of others, start telling me what IM seeing so I can make that judgement.Don't even bother with the lore. Some creatures are just called ""tall."" There's no specifics given.Oh and the FAN CREATIONS EVERYWHERE. Oh God. At first I was reading the various tombstones wondering why this was all over the place. Turns out if u paid 500-1000$ you got to add some of ur own fanfiction to the game. The npcs created from this are mostly hardcore Mary Sues. Thankfully, holding tab allows you to determine who's real and who isn't. But if you want, you can ""reach out for the soul"" to read about the fanfiction character that semi-cannononically made it into the game.There's also a Kickstarter only achievement if you're a completionist.As another reviewer said:  ""For 34.99, it's a been one huge and, frankly unacceptable disappointment. It piggy backs on the reputation of much older and far superior games, without ever matching their achievements. Baldur's Gate will be remembered in another fifteen years. Barring bargain basement sales, POE will have been forgotten""Having said that, maybe I'm being unfair? I keep wanting a game to top Baldur's Gate and Torment, but I have yet to see a fraction of what this game could and should have been.TLDR; If you hate yourself and your money, purchase this game."
76561198029126609,Recommended,291650,19921750,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Padishah,"Pillars of Eternity is the crowd funded spiritual successor to Baldur’s Gate 1-2. It’s an overall very good game but suffers from a few issues. I will be looking at the strengths and weaknesses of the game.The Good:-Very well written-Some very interesting NPC’s and companions-An interesting setting with some great ideas-Highly entertaining-Good choice/effect-Nice atmosphere-Solid and well developed loreThe Bad:-You have some really good quests but also a lot of throw away quests-Fairly weak main story line with a forgettable villain and there is in fact no true, believable motivation      for your player character to do things he/she does for most of the time-too many loading screens-boring spellsThe Ugly:-The combat and the encounter design is just flat out bad-Too much combat in the game and it gets incredibly tedious after a while-visually the combat is a cluster♥♥♥♥Overall a solid title 8/10"
76561198144025714,Recommended,291650,29270207,Posted: 15 January,all,emanuelfiorenza,"ENG/ITAA masterpiece, spiritual successor of Baldur's Gate and Icewindale, 2D isometric RPG with real time combact and tactical pause.+ Supercool graphic art and level design.+ Tons of spells, weapons, armor....there's even a deep crafting system.+ Gorgeus lore.+ Great variety of enemies, bosses, NPC.+ Solid tactical combact system and good AI.+ Convincing skills three.+ One of the best character's hub ever seen in a RPG.+ Exellent music, voices, audio effects.+ Good replayability due to the system of choices.+ Works on an economic/dated PC.- Main quest not very original.- Battles are sometimes a little confusing.- DLCs ​​are really necessary.Un capolavoro, secondo me erede spirituale dei Baldur's gate e Icewinddale da cui però si distacca per quanto riguarda le regole di D&D, qui liberamente interpretate, molto più approfondite e secondo me migliorate.+ Fondali stupendi, level design sublime, tutto molto particolareggiato e curato, molto belle le animazioni di personaggi, mostri, magie ed elementi dei fondali.+ Armi, magie, armature, oggetti unici a volontà e un sistema di craftaggio molto sviluppato.+ Il background è molto bello, molto ben caratterizzato, sia per quel che riguarda i personaggi, il lore ecc...+ Grande varietà di nemici e boss.+ Il sistema di combattimento è solido e appagante, a livello di difficoltà ""marcia della morte"" il gruppo viene annientato se si lancia in battaglia senza un minimo di strategia, è sempre preferibile attirare i nemici, sfruttare il ""fattore campo"", eliminare prima i più deboli o quelli con abilità rognose ecc...le IA si comportano abbastanza bene, se un personaggio è ferito lo prenderanno di mira, cercheranno sempre di farvi fuori i maghi...niente di eccezionale ma convincente.+ Le abilità sono tante, ben differenziate e incisive nel gameplay, con la campagna principale da quello che ho capito il level cap è bloccato al 12...pochetto...non si sbloccano molte abilità, ma con i DLC si arriva a livello 24...molto meglio.+ La fortezza del protagonista è bellissima, piena di cose da fare, quest, strutture da costruire, relazioni diplomatiche...molto ben fatta, si può addirittura spedire in missione i PNG parchegiati...+ Il comparto audio è molto valido con belle musiche, voci, sottofondo, effetti sonori...tutto molto bello.+ Benchè piuttosto lineare le scelte influiscono notevolmente su trama e risvolti fornendo anche un discreto grado di rigiocabilità.+ Gira tranquillamente su PC economici e datati.- La trama principale non brilla certo per originalità, personalmente non mi è piaciuta tantissimo anche se non manca qualche colpo di scena e risvolto inaspettato. Le scelte compiute la influenzano certo, ma rimane piuttosto lineare, niente di epocale insomma. A qualcuno può comunque piacere.- A volte le battaglie sono confusionarie, specialmente se ci sono elementi del fondale che nascondono i contendenti, il campo di battaglia zeppo di gente o ci sono molti effetti di magie in corso, è il prezzo da pagare per non avere una visuale ruotabile...- Le due espansioni apportano migliorie al gioco davvero necessarie per godersi l'esperienza. Benchè la campagna principale sia sufficientemente lunga, io ne consiglio caldamente l'acquisto e non è che siano proprio economiche..."
,Recommended,291650,23441673,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Tak!,"Pillars of Eternityis the best roleplaying game I've played since Neverwinter Nights.It's a classical western fantasy RPG - the player guides a party of adventurers through an epic journey, where the fate of the world just might hang in the balance.It's clear that Pillars draws heavy inspiration from Dungeons & Dragons - when creating a character, the player chooses a race and class, then assigns attributes and skills, and the game mechanics are obviously supported by a rigid ruleset and powered by virtual dice rolls. In addition, some of the classes, weapons, etc. may be familiar to D&D aficionados, but Obsidian has done an outstanding job of creating a distinct, vibrant world for Pillars of Eternity, from a wide variety of races and (orthogonal, in some cases) cultures to a range of traditional and innovative classes to geography and folklore to political rivalries to its own pantheon of living deities, around which the main storyline revolves.Many of the reviews of this game mention Baldur's Gate, and with good reason - gameplay-wise, Pillars borrows heavily from BG: isometric perspective, formation-oriented party management, fast-paced realtime combat with a variety of conditional autopause settings, even the ""You must gather your party before venturing forth"" message when transitioning between areas. However, these are all good things (maybe not the message), and everything feels right, whether exploring the wilderness,  creeping anxiously through a crypt, navigating a bustling city, or frantically trying to survive an ambush. I particularly enjoyed an original mechanic they've added: there are several sections where the player is guided through a sort of illustrated choose-your-own-adventure sequence, where the various options may involve intuition, tactics, or skill checks, and will almost certainly have nontrivial consequences.I do have a few minor quibbles: for example, it's possible to accept at least one of the optional quests and get fairly entangled in it before realizing that there's no hope of completing it at the party's current level. Each entry or exit from even the most insignificant building involves a loading screen, which means that exploring new town or village becomes a long sequence of these screens, divided by short segments of walking between buildings. Finally, the player, through a special ability she gains early on, is able to gain insight into the lives of many of the non-playable characters - however, these insights have absolutely no impact on the game in any way.The story is epic, complex, and engaging - one of the finest I've encountered in a computer RPG, and the personas and backstories of the auxiliary playable characters the player will encounter on her travels weave seamlessly in, enriching the depth and color of the experience.All in all, Pillars of Eternity is a fantastic game, and I would unhesitatingly recommend it to any roleplaying enthusiast."
,Recommended,291650,25824051,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Navarre,"Ye olde RPG. Recommended if you know and like this kind of game, or are really motivated to learn.At first, the game is pretty rough to learn. First, you need to learn the mechanics, which differ significantly from D&D even if they look the same. Once you've done your character and start the game, it drops a volley of lore-bombs on you, and it takes quite some time before this avalanche of Welsh-sounding names starts making sense.Once you've cleared these hurdles, you discover a well-thought game in a great setting, with an intriguing story and interesting characters, The game really gets on its own once you've reached the big city, with side-quests everywhere and different factions you can align with.I don't recommend it if you're not familiar with isometric RPGs and are looking for a first game in that genre to see what the hype is all about. Get a Shadowrun game or The Age of Decadence instead, they're fantastic games too but they don't demand as much dedication up front to get into, and turn-based combat is easier to master than real-time with pause. Then, if you decide you love that kind of game, come back to Pillars of Eternity."
,Recommended,291650,30713181,Posted: 24 March,all,KipGans de verschikkelijke,"If you love Dungeons & Dragons and/or enjoy fantasy RPG games this is a must play.A game where Indie development and professional game design by an incredible team existing of veterans in the genre meet.Fans of Baldur's Gate will experience a familiar gameplay experience with a major improvement in gameplay and graphics and a fantastic, deep and original storyline to top it off.There's a good reason part 2 is currently in the making."
76561197961292249,Not Recommended,291650,17721321,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Johan,"Pillars of Eternity is average, enthusiastic fan fiction.Don't get me wrong. I loved BG1. And BG2. But not so much Throne of Baal. And Planescape: Torment is one of the best games I've ever played. However, Pillars of Eternity just feels like it was cobbled together by some diehard fans who couldn't let go. They're writing fan fiction to relieve the ""glory days"".The story itself is so so, and it can't decide if it wants to take itself seriously or wants to be a tongue in cheek fantasy parody. For example, there's an endless dungeon filled with vampires and mages and monsters right underneath your home, called the Endless Paths of Od Nua. Seriously? And the game takes pains to remind you in every town and forest you go to that it was crowdfunded, with little in-jokes and even name lists of sponsors plastered everywhere.  The big reveal at the end is predictable and underwhelming, especially since it basically begs the questions: ""okay, so what?"" and ""so what exactly am I supposed to do about it? if anything?""As for the system itself, it's a D&D pastiche. Unlike Dragon Age: Origins, ShadowRun or even Risen, there's no reason for why the character classes are in the setting. It's just a grab bag of D&D tropes. Let's get the monk, the psychic, the barbarian, the druid, etc. etc. and copy paste them into our take on Forgotten Realms. You've got your elves and half-orcs (sorry, Aumaua), and dwarves. Whatever race and class you pick, don't worry. It has virtually no impact. The only thing the game tries to do for originality is that it combines attributes together in new and crazy ways, to pretend it's fresh and creative. However, why a fireball-hurling wizard needs to be a mountain of muscle to do real damage doesn't make any logical sense to me!All in all, this game will appeal to two types of gamers. The old-school Icewind Dale and Baldur's Gate fans who can't move on, and think modern games are rubbish. And secondly, for people new to the genre who want to be old school without having to deal with the dated graphics and hardcore difficulties of the really old games.Me? I thought the game was alright. A weak 3 out of 5. But I prefer to both replay my old favorites AND enjoying the new, cutting edge RPGs, rather than get lost in fan-fiction recreations of old legends. YMMV."
,Recommended,291650,23154461,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,numeriK,"Pro's:- Fantastic storyline- Amazing character development- Audio/Video is actually *really* good when settings are cranked up (and they can be on low-mid range PC's)- Locations are large enough to explore and quest through in a solid gaming session (a couple hours)- Brings back classic Baldur's Gate feel- Narrative/commentary is absolutely phenomenal- Minsc and Boo are replaced by Durance and Sagani (IMO)Con's:- There's no Minsc and Boo- Hundreds of hours lost to EoraOverall:  9.5/10""Now to find a home for my second staff."" - Durance, upon entering a brothel"
,Recommended,291650,19952919,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Obsidian EntertainmentPublishers:Paradox InteractiveInitial release:March 2015Genre:CRPG, Strategy, Dungeon Crawler#Worth/NotWorth:#WorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationPillars of Eternity a throwback back to the days of proper Role Playing games. Where character sheets and making actual dialogue decisions (coinciding with some stat checks, I don't believe there are dice rolls) were par for the course.An only slightly more modern take on Balders Gate or Icewind Dale.The game pretty quickly drops you into the action and tells you you're very important. Its up to you what to do with that or how to react. Combat takes place in real time. With each action using a cooldown to activate in order to avoid an interrupt, aside from movement. A sort of active turn based variety of combat.Character creation is extremely in depth perhaps lacking in physical customization but the character traits, stats, class and narrative background are all available for customization.There are many many many classes to choose from to fill out your 6 person party.Barbarian – pretty self explanatoryFighter – Most well rounded classChanter – magic user (units – 'lines chanted' during battle)Druid – Shapeshifter (DPS)Cipher – magic user (units – 'Focus' earned from doing damage with regular weapon)Monk – Special abilities earned from 'Wounds' or damage takenPaladin – Can be tankish, healerPriest – magic user, healer, pos+ neg- buff, debuff dealerRanger – has pet, (slightly useless rogue in my opinion)Rogue – charismatic, DPS, scouts, disarms and detects trapsWizard – magic user (most effective use of Grimoire)Perma Death is a real thing on higher difficulties. The green bar on the character portrait is Heath, the overall status of that character. The portrait itself, when taking damage fills in red, this is endurance and when depleted is what will knock someone out of battle. If someones Health is depleted entirely. Bad News Bears I'm afraid. You'll run into characters that have quests associated with them and require you to take them on your journey. These characters are also voice acted as well as some important NPC's. Though not every line has a voice over as this was a kickstarter game (as the loading screen is very apt to point out) That's simply not a realistic goal for something with as much text and dialogue. I should mention that though another character can interact with NPC's you are making the dialogue choices based on your base character for any stat checks that may occur in conversation.You can re-spec any character at any inn for a relatively inexpensive price if you've made a terrible judgment in choosing traits or some other facet that would otherwise make your current quest more difficult. You can 'hire' a new recruit at any inn, by which I mean you can just make the exact type of character you are missing from your party. More money equals higher starting level.Fairly early on, you arrive at a place called Caed Nua, which becomes your own stronghold and fairly integral part of the game. You can upgrade it, repair it and use it as a place to rest and receive bonuses from. Depending on how much prestige you and your party have as well as the overall status of your stronghold it can be attacked by bandits (or by other groups) in which you are given the option between hiring some mercenaries and auto-resolving from afar (they can help in a manual resolve as well) if your travels have taken you too far away to make it back in time before they strike or you can travel back yourself and manual resolve to defend your keep. There is also a rather extensive side mission available here among other things.THE GISTA true delight for the days of old when RPG's were more than 'press button for sarcastic response'. One can only hope that games of this depth and caliber remain popular enough to be feasible for proper development in the future.Follow my curation for more"
,Recommended,291650,15129819,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Fusou,Right first time i played this type of game 22 hours in still need to finishPros:+Good story+Deep gameplay / Challenging+Lots of dialogues and choices to make+Graphics / Art style looks great+Character customization / Party customization+Good music2 small things i didnt really likeCons:-Combat is slow at times-Graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥when zoomed inBugs:-Random crash once- Druid died while shapeshifting creating 2x a Druid cat.. 1 with a dead normal body below him and a normal one but both attacked my party :D8/10
,Recommended,291650,15070689,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Sizzle Manslap,"There's a lot of talk out there about how if you liked the old infinity engine games (Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, etc.) that you will love Pillars of Eternity. This is almost certainly true, but not everyone has played those, so if you are just looking for another good RPG. If this is the case, get it, let me tell you why! Just keep in mind this the continuation of an older and much different kind of RPG, one that you read much more than you see visually. Some might see the 2D backgrounds and relatively unimpressive 3D models and think ""why play this when I can play the much sexier new Dragon Age?"" Well, if Dragon Age is akin to an interactive movie, Pillars is like an interactive book. It's brimming with excellent writing and interesting characters, not to mention some fascinating lore. It can seem a bit like standard fantasy with dwarves and elves running around, but after only 7 or so hours it's got me hooked. I don't want to go into too much detail about mechanics and things, other reviews have surely covered that.TL;DR: This a thinking man's RPG, it may not have had a huge budget, but the folks at Obsidian are (in my opinion) some of the best in the business, and this an excellent game. If that sounds good to you, buy it, and support some of gaming's best content creators."
76561198083630986,Recommended,291650,15121750,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Platypus,"Immersive, intelligently written with a rich narrative backdrop that compels you to keep coming back. Its extremely rewarding if you enjoy tactics and class building that offer immense depth. Its a great deal of fun, but not fun solely for nostalgia's sake. Its a game that brings back memories of the classics that it was based on, yet can be hailed as a masterwork on its own ground. RPG enthusiasts, fantasy lovers and voracious readers will feel right at home."
76561198062835509,Recommended,291650,15154072,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Crowborn,"Obsidian Ent. totally delivered what they promised! PoE is a wonder of an infinity-game, reminiscent and in many places even better than the bioware games of old. It challenging, very well written, beautiful, and most of all a thoroughly enjoyable roleplaying experience.If you are a fan of Baldur's Gate and Icewind Deale or just a regular rp-afficionado, you should definitely get this game - trust me, you'll be hard pressed to find more bang for your bucks!"
76561198096562593,Not Recommended,291650,26329782,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Sestuss,"I wanted to love this game, I was so excited to love this game. But from the moment I started playing something was off. There is so much here, but all of it falls flat. There is a ton of exposition about the fantasy world you’re dropped into, names of peoples, places, history, religion and past wars. But every bit of it feels like a meaningless amature fantasy novel. At no point are you given anything to care about. You are simply thrown one generic fantasy name after another. The first dialog is full of things like, ""welcome to the land of glaflagin, where the people of dubligloonin fought off the flaflarin!""I loved the old games in this style but this one is missing the important bits I liked about those. It’s like they made a game that looks like the old ones that were good but don't have any of the parts you liked about the old ones. I will give this game some props because it made me realize the parts of those old games that didn't add anything, but this one utterly misses the point.It sure looks pretty but it’s an empty and shallow world. It doesn't help that the combat system is a slog, with lists upon lists of spells and abilities feel like a pain to get through, multiply that by your whole party. A strategic system that would work well on the grid of a D&D table but is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥full of trial and error on the screen. So then I turn the difficulty down to just play the ""story"" but it just never hits the right cords.There are characters you can click on in the game, random NPC's with names that give you rich back stories of their past lives, THAT HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH ANYTHING. I finally just stopped clicking on them because there were nothing but a waste of time. Why? If I wanted to read someone's crappy disjointed fantasy novel I will look for fanfiction.The stretches of time between plays got longer and longer until finally I had to grapple with he fact that it simply wasn't fun for me to play. A kind of game I really, really, want to encourage but this just happens to be an example of a not that great one."
76561198012185648,Recommended,291650,16355725,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,milkomix,"I'm going to keep this very short. For the fans of the genre, this is a must-have. The old school feel, dialogue boxes, the hud and the isometric landscape will bring tears to your eyes if you were around for the first BGs like me.BUT, as you progress you'll start seeing through the nostalgia and noticing the flaws. And there are a few;1- Spell menu designs; horrible! Spells only appear when you hover your mouse over the spell level slot, which is frustrating because you keep missing it by an inch and it goes to the next slot, or worse cast the wrong one just to realize turns later. Sounds like a small thing, but considering the hours you spend casting them I would have expected something better.2- auto leveled companions; yeah, you start your game, hang around for a couple of levels then meet this great guy, priest or something; you should be happy, but you can't. Because their level always matches yours and as usual they are complete idiots when it comes to picking talents. Don't be surprised to find your exact build (happened to me with a paladin) and stupid worthless crap like extra level 1 spell slot?!.3- very inconsistent difficulty curve; won't be a problem for a some of you but I have friends giving up on the game just because the first few levels were near impossible to beat. this game starts really tough but once you reach level 8, you'll start butchering people like crazy. The problem is the dungeon below your castle which you can use as a grinding area and get a few levels without advancing in the story. So from that point on you'll breeze through the dungeons, stopping only for a few occasions like a few bosses (the master below!).4- And finally, subplots. I have to say the story is great here, but all of us oldschoolers expected funny sidequests, really wacky npcs with stupid motives, the occasional wondering idiot and so on. Also everything kinda ties into the main arc, which is great in a way, but what about stuff like the knights of solamnia in BG2, vampires and such? I miss those.Apart from all that, this is a very good game, and I was hooked. The game has a very good story, great voice acting, beautiful sceneries and intense battles.my rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,291650,15086312,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,VineFynn,"20 years from now, people will still be playing this game."
76561198164653112,Recommended,291650,15108170,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,No2morrow07,"Like many decisions I made at 17, I had no idea the impact that installing Baldur'sGate would have on my life.  Fast forward to a man in his 30s returning to that special, hopelessly immersed, ""yes I know what time it is!"", place with the absolute gem that is Pillars of Eternity.The game is not so much a return to old glory, as much as it is old glory catching up to those of us who thought it past and gone.  The plot is VERY dark, gritty, and grown up.  There are volumes worth of lore, history, and politics written in detail, yours for the reading, which flesh out the setting and pivotal time in which you enter the story. The world is beautifully drawn.  The character and combat system, while not D&D rules and conventions, feels more like an evolutionary step forward for D&D e.g. Do you like your wizard to fire the same old magic missiles all of the time? Fine.  But after that I want him to pull out his pistol and shoot a filthy iron theif in the face! Can do.Faerun? Never heard of her.10/10Would wait 15 years again."
76561198006598803,Not Recommended,291650,18300728,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Gooseman,"I wanted to like POE and I played it through to the end but there are just too many issues. First of all there is WAY too much dialogue and lore to sift through. Instead of adding to the immersion it really becomes a chore. I can't imagine doing another play through primarily for this reason.With the exception of the Roderic's Hold quest the game is relatively linear and there are few choices you can make that materially effect the world. The castle upgrades seem tacked on and pointless. The skill system is very basic and doesn't allow for much specialization. Characters will often end up with similar stats and the only ones that seem to really matter are lore, lockpick and traps.They've updated some basic party AI for this game but it is woefully insufficient. Programmable AI was a feature in IE games 15 years ago. So there really is no excuse for the lack of its inclusion originally.As it is the system they have doesn't work effectively on the higher dificulty levels. Be prepared to click hundreds of times in a tough battle rather than have your party follow a simple script. There is SO much combat in this game it really does become a grind and I don't understand why people defend the massive amount of micromangement it requires.The load times in POE simply take way too long. I have an average system but I've heard that even players with good rigs still suffer from bad load times. This shouldn't be an issue for a 2D game running an old engine.The plot is meh and the characters aren't particularly memorable. This game is a dungeon crawler first and foremost and more like Icewind Dale than BG1 or 2.The party AI and dialogue just kill it for me but if you're a fan of this genre it might be worth a play through if it's on sale.RPG masterpiece it certainly is not."
,Recommended,291650,15246295,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Kurt117 | dying,"i didn't want to write a review this early,but i just have to say this,This game is ♥♥♥♥ING awesome :Dprobably the best crpg i've played since DA:Origins (Wasteland 2 and Divinity: Original Sin were really really good too )i mean i'm actually enjoying every minute of it,like holy♥♥♥♥♥♥it's soooooo well made!specially the dialogues and texts in general,like when you reach out for a soul to ""read"" it's past or even books,journals,etc... it's all so interestingand i'm also loving the characters,combat system,different classes and almost EVERYTHING :|so a BIG YES :|and we can play this great game because of the community and that's the most amazing thing ever,Obsidian promised a good Crpg and with the help of Kickstarter and backers delivered us a Masterpiece, SUPPORT THEM :| :D"
76561198007846266,Recommended,291650,15434779,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,seel,"If you enjoyed Balder's Gate, you will enjoy Pillars of Eternity."
76561198013388993,Not Recommended,291650,17800397,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,General Zod,"5/10  - That's being generous.Baldur's Gate this certainly isn'tPros -1 - Graphically it's adequate. A step up from the games it claims to be emulating but certainly nothing to get all hot and bothered about. After 15 years, this type of game should look better than BG and BG2. Why people are going mad about this is as if its a new innovation, is beyond me.2 - I'm struggling to think of a 2.Cons -1 - Character generation. Too many crap classes so that you either go for the old faithful fighter (dull, very dull) or a cipher (gets dull real quick). It all comes down to random dice rolls anyway, so it doesn't really matter what points you put where.2 - As a game, either you're going to be new or old. If you're going to have new races, don't have elves or dwarves. Either forge your own identity, or don't. This just feels like a lazy attempt to pretend POE is somehow a new experience wrapped in a nostalgic bubble. By either description, it falls way short.3 - Wow the items are dull. Looting your local grocery store would result in more interesting items than you'll generally find at the end of a dungeon in this game. You'll grind your way through generic mob after generic mob, just to find a chest full of crap. So then, you're left with crafting, which while available, feels half hearted and ill thought out. They added crafting as a tick box exercise, rather than make the effort to make it rewarding.4 - Combat. Okay.....open You Tube and find the Benny Hill theme. Then start a combat. Play the theme as your enemies target your spell caster. Watch the spell caster flee around the screen, followed by the enemy, followed by your tank hopelessly trying to reacquire the enemy.5- Combat. It's so bad it deserves more mentions. Combat will go like this. Fire off the spell you always fire off. Switch to your standard attack. Go downstairs. Make some dinner. Ring a friend. Come back to find the party still trading boring blows with boring enemies. This is if you're lucky.6 - Combat - If you're unlucky, you'll fire off a spell and set your tank(s) fighting, only to find that your ranged attackers have bizarrely ceased to attack and are now stood around doing nothing. That or they've been killed by the super teleporting shadow monsters that appear on top of them. In this case, you have the choice to either try and run, dying immediately due to the absurd game mechanics, or stand and die anyway. Your spells are mostly useless, so you'll be presented with a big list of crap to choose from each time you level, rather than spells that feel useful. In 30 hours, I have never found an item with any kind of wow factor. Nothing that I equipped gave me any sense that the effort of slogging my way through the generic, uninspiring dungeon was actually worth it.7 - The NPCs. Talking to strangers at the bus stop is more rewarding than engaging these generic, dull characters in conversation. They have as much life when they've been killed as they do alive. They have no reason to follow you and nothing much to say when they do. Baldur's Gate etc are old games now, but they managed to produce real characters. Fifteen years later and POE has undone this. I didn't care if they lived. I didn't care if they died. In an RPG of this price in 2015, that's just not good enough. I didn't expect Mass Effect character development, but I certainly hoped for more than walking cliches, that largely dissolved into taciturn automatons after their initial, uninvolving dialogue.8 - The Lore/World - Lots of lore can be a good thing. It's been done well in other games. It's not done well here. It's like a commitee pulled together a load of standard fantasy fiction and slung it together to create a world notable only by it's staggering blandness. Blah, blah, elves, dwarves, blah, blah, ancient ruins, blah, blah dungeons. It's all so lazy and predictable.9 - Having to rest to somehow regain your ability to use magic is a mechanic that was crap fifteen years ago. It belongs in table top roleplaying gaming, and that is the type of player attracted to POE. They want to play D&D again, but no one does anymore, so they wax lyrical about POE instead. That kind of limiting, tedious mechanic doesn't appear in computer RPGs anymore for a reason. Unless you're an old school roleplaying gamer, with the accompanying problems with OCD, this kind of mechanic has no place in computer RPGs.10 - Price - If you loved BG and BG2, then maybe you'll like this. I didn't, but you might. Wait for a sale though. To price this in a similar band to Witcher 3 or DAI is ridiculous. What you're getting is a  facsimile of games that are 15 years old. There's nothing new here and certainly not one iota of innovation. I would argue that POE is in fact a huge step back from the old games it seeks to emulate. Don't pay full price for this. It's not worth it when you can pay a fraction of the price and pick up the original and vastly superior genre games from the early 2000s, like Baldur's Gate or Neverwinter Nights.Conclusion- For the price, this just isn't good enough. POE is bogged down by a bland world, uninvolving characters and a dull, bugged combat system. I spent hour after hour hoping it would get better. That somehow the world would come to life. It never did. For 5.99 this game would be okay. For 34.99, it's a been one huge and, frankly unacceptable disappointment. It piggy backs on the reputation of much older and far superior games, without ever matching their achievements. Baldur's Gate will be remembered in another fifteen years. Barring bargain basement sales, POE will have been forgotten in fifteen months."
,Recommended,291650,16075364,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Azimuth,"As a huge fan of the old Infinite Engine games like Baldur's Gate I had hoped for so much *more* from this game. Whilst it did much to modernise the genre, in many areas it failed to live up to the nostalgia.Graphics - The game kept true to the art style whilst bringing it forwards into the modern era of gaming, the backdrops were breathtakingly beautiful and it played smoothly without any issues.Sound/Voice Acting - The sound/voice acting wasn't particularly noteworthy, it wasn't terrible yet it wasnt great either, it didn't really stand out much.Story-telling/narrative - The story was a bit vague and didn't really have much direction during the first act but it quickly picked up during the second act before slowly tapering off towards the end. There weren't any really exciting revelations or twists that made it wow me. The villain, their motivations and relationship to the protagonist were somewhat interesting but it wasn't anything that stood out. Often at times to convey just how filled out the world and backstory was you're presented with a wall of text which probably wasn't necessary and felt like it detracted from the story at times.Gameplay Mechanics/Combat - This is probably the most disappointing aspect of the game. The game feels like it's more of a stealth crpg because they limited the experience gained from combat to just the first few initial run ins with each foe type and kept the overall experience gained from combat to a very minimal amount, along with the plethora of items that dropped from enemies being utterly useless, it often felt like the better choice was to sneak/avoid enemy encounters which just slows down the pace of the game. Avoiding combat entirely was also made more desirable by the fact that you were heavily penalised for trying to escape combat or run around or disengage with an enemy during combat which often resulted in the character dying quicker than had you just stayed in place and tried to (but likely fail to do so anyway) tank it.Spell casting also felt more burdensome and tiring than in the older IE titles because of the resting mechanics of the game whereby you had to carry supplies to rest and were limited to only carry a certain amount of supplies with you, so if you ran out of supplies you were forced to return to a store to purchase more or not rest and not be able to heal, or restore spells for combat.Itemisation - The difference between a normal, un-enchanted item and a unique item felt lacking. The difference in damage was minimal, I played as a barbarian and would do 80s with normal items and as high as 96 using a unique item of the same type. Another problem with the itemisation is that so many items gave boosts to player stats, but conflicting stat boosts (ie. gloves that give +1 might and boots that give +2 might) would be nullified meant that gearing most slots felt like a waste of time and forced players down the route of jack of all trades, master of none.Overall I would rate this game as a 6/10, or in terms of similarities to the old IE games it has the combat of Planescape Torment with the story of Icewind Dale, it tries to relive the nostalgia but focuses on the wrong aspects of what made them great games."
,Not Recommended,291650,24814470,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Leozaur,"It is a very good return to RPG but unfortunately it's plagued by technical issues.what I liked:+ Your character has a personality that builds up during dialogues, and there seems to be a lot of triggers for different reputations in most unexpected discussions, it's wonderful.+ Your companions often have some comments to discussion you're having.+ Pretty big world with a lot of memorable people, even if they only give you one tiny taskwhat I disliked- The stories are far too predictable, and attempts at jokes somehow produce a cringe instead - too hollywood style, the bad kind of it.- Monstrously long loading screens for every door, even if it's just a cupboard of an ""inside"" where your party barely fits with a chest that has negligible coin.- Weak loot. Finding a non-trash item is winning a lottery, let alone something actually useful for your style. And they're unique, which is heavily impacted by the below:- a game-breaking bug that seems to go unfixed for over a year. Your party configuration gets stuck and if you don't have an earlier save - ... You can unscrew it somewhat with a lot of fiddling, but all gear on some of the characters vanishes. Unique pieces that you won't ever have again and nothing can replace them.All in all, I've been having fun with it, by finding other stuff to do during loading screens. Until I got that bug. Which made losing these 44 hours painful enough to give it a negative. It's far too long to have several playthroughs."
76561198053620012,Not Recommended,291650,19453621,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Stonewall008,"I really wish I didn't buy this game. There are so many awful design choices (or oversights) that ruin the experience. The gameplay basically boils down to having your tank in the front and having as little melee as possible. It's so immersion breaking that, in order to make your crew more effective, you don't use armor to make sure they refresh faster. There are tons of cheap fights where enemies spawn on top of you (spectres) or you enter a room and you engage in a fight right off the bat and your guys are in a terrible formation and just get slaughtered.I was doing fine for awhile until I couldn't beat certain fights and then I learned that simply having all your characters use ranged weapons (preferably guns) without wearing armor is the best way to go. It totally killed the game knowing that's how you roll through this game."
76561197990766081,Recommended,291650,25354922,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Grendel,"If you like top down isometric rpg's you'll find none better...  I just picked up The White March expansion and so far so good.  Highly recommended at this sale price.  The game has provided hours of fun for me.  The one thing that annoys me is the kickstarter achievement, which makes it impossible to 100% the game if you weren't involved in the early stages of the game...not that I could or would want to invest the time trying to 100% it anyway, but it should be possible at least."
,Recommended,291650,32691111,Posted: 23 June,all,kragor002,"Hey folks, if you haven't seen yet, Paradox has rolled back price increases, so all of the negative reviews will hopefully disappear.On to the game! Pillars of Eternity is a wonderful return to the world of cRPGs, reminiscient of Icewind Dale, Baldurs Gate, and Divinity: Original Sin. Some of my personal favorite parts are the Endurance/Health breakdown in combat, the sheer amount of spells available to the player, and, from the expansions, soulbound weapons.Cons are long loading times, especially for older/slower machines. Many people complain of too much text with little to no value (besides lore) to the player, and I agree in principle (though I am a fan of reading the large text blocks they could certainly be cleaned up).Storywise, its hard for me to give a definitive ruling as it will depend on the player, but I enjoyed it a good deal. Base game is an 8.5/10 and with DLC goes to 9.5/10."
,Recommended,291650,27833370,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Vent en poulpe,"Spiritual successor to the Baldur's Gate series, this lore-heavy tactical role-playing game will take you on lengthy but rewarding adventures.The direction is polished : detailed graphics, serious soundwork on music and environment (only regret being that main dialogues only are voiced).The gameplay allows the player to stop time and prepare the next set of actions to be performed; this is a welcome feature as combat may become confusing at times given the high number of characters on screen.The quests are long and numerous.For dedicated players."
76561198111338555,Not Recommended,291650,32685749,Posted: 23 June,all,CtrAltDel,How to be an a** tutorial:1. Be respective game publisher.2. Wait to summer sale.3. With no warning raise prices so games cost normal but they have magical -50%.4. People fall into it.Ta-da! You've become Paradox Int. !!!Game is ok (with dlcs is great). But it will be better to look for torrent file than support this kind of behavior.
,Recommended,291650,15755753,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Fishzerg,"Best 120 hours of gaming I have spent. Quality from start till finish, and throughout every single side-step in between.Pillars of Eternity is extremely well written. The stories are told in very rich language that is way above average even in fantasy literature. The game is one grand adventure and feels like reading/watching an epic and long story where it's up to you when and where the main characters will go and what course of action they will take. To fully appreciate this game you need to read  a lot of in-game texts, like books, dialogues with other characters, descriptions and all the information that shows up in your journal. And this is a very welcome gameplay element for me. Not only is it a pleasure to read due to how well written it is, it also fosters your own imagination.I love everything about this game: the combat, the stories, the main story, the lore. But most of all I love it because it's a properly executed awesome and epic long adventure that I never wanted to end."
,Recommended,291650,15433224,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,TheWye,You know a game is well-written if it has a backstory for a plate of fried eggs.
76561198155512788,Recommended,291650,15065238,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Muslims Like To Rape,"It's quite possible this game is more difficult to learn than the original Forgotten Realms ones.  But it shines in almost every area.  Learning takes a bit of time, but I like the combat and gameplay.  There are like 100 options to chose from before you even start a game, like a ton of pause options, assist for colorblinds, and even big-heads lol.The dialogue is great, it even describes the man's behaviour when he's not speaking.  I'd say buy this game, or even wait for a sale like my friends who aren't as impatient as I are doing."
,Not Recommended,291650,32737463,Posted: 24 June,all,Foxeye,"Increase the price by 39% for the Summer sale? Though not illegal it is unethical. I will no longer support them, on special or not."
,Recommended,291650,23601552,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Impending Dog,"I've played only a very small amount of the original Baldur's Gate, so my nostalgia for the Infinity engine games is pretty much nonexistant. However, I still find myself absolutely captivated by this game. The visuals, tone, lore and characters are top-tier in terms of modern RPGs. If you enjoy reading huge walls of very well written fantasy text, this game is for you. Also, your choices matter!The combat is satisfying, though 90% of encounters so far basically boil down to:Send in the tank dudes, while my main character wizard dude nukes everyone from the back. There are occasions where teleporting enemies will disrupt this tactic, but even so it's satisfying every time your party is victorious.I'm about 10 hours into my new playthrough after I stopped playing last year, but I'm determined to see this adventure through.Would recommend for anyone wanting a decent long RPG to last the summer."
76561198043250113,Recommended,291650,24787728,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,John Doe,"It's a good game. however I must say I don't like the developers' approach on ""blance the game"" instead of making underwhelming classes more enjoyable, they kept nerfing other classes. it's all too discouraging for the players who got used to certian play styles, and made them completely unenjoyable or unplayable when an update comes. I know the developers are trying to let you enjoy all classes and skills more, but such overhaul is just bad planning."
76561198120990805,Not Recommended,291650,32661098,Posted: 22 June,all,Tom Mischief,"The game is quite good, but the publisher jacked the price up before the Steam Summer sale to earn more money, effectively giving customers noor very little discount at all and gorging it's pockets. This is a very immoral practice.They deserve all the bad press they are getting. (Luckily, I got the game earlier for a cheaper price)"
76561198043777940,Not Recommended,291650,21109921,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Shiva,"The art is great, the story is ok.The problem is more in the gameplay. The fights are just plain bad.You would expect to have a great diversity with a 6 characters team.That's not the case.Every fights are the same and not in a good way."
76561197988320311,Recommended,291650,15108669,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Husshuss,"This is the game I was waiting for. Controlling a huge party and micro managing all their abilities. No more online mmorpgs for me for a long time. I can make my own party and go into dungeons and battle Epic bosses to satisfy my ego, and I do not have to repeat fights because of other people's mistakes. I only have myself to blame if i make mistakes.I thought Skyrim did it for me, I thought Diablo did it for me, I thought Dragonage did it for me and it was the closest, but finally this game nailed it.If you complain about the game's graphics please leave now. It has enough graphics to keep fans of this genre interested. I do not have problems with bugs, I have no idea why people cry about them so much, I just step on them if I ever see any.Warning: This game will deprive you from sleep. Play with caution."
76561198000362605,Not Recommended,291650,32806401,Posted: 26 June,all,Lembach,"""we can't do the roll-back before the Summer Sale is over""How VERY convenient for them. They still get to gouge oblivious customers while looking like they listen to their community."
,Not Recommended,291650,32761196,Posted: 25 June,all,KingLich,"Good, no, GREAT game. Horrible publishers. ♥♥♥♥ you paradox interactive,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Y O U."
76561198136059136,Not Recommended,291650,32685686,Posted: 23 June,all,Blue Freddy Yum Yum,"Paradox raised the price of the game and DLC for the steam summer sale only. In my opinion, that's an insult to all gamers.Paradox should know that buying a video game is not like buying a random shirt in a clothing store. You don't go shopping, not knowing exactly what you want, and then buy an item on sale that you like.Most of the time, when we are interested in a game (I'm talking for all gamers), we know the exact price and we are waiting for a sale. Therefore, when the price increases, we notice it.This kind of shady practice doesn't work in the video game industry and Paradox should be ashamed for doing it. Their video games are already expensive compared to other companies, expecially their DLC.I bought Stellaris and Pillars of Eternity from Paradox, and I will not buy any other games from this company in the future until they stop being so greedy and treating gamers like morons, instead of considering us like fans of video games that are ready to pay the right prices to be entertained and to finance an industry that we like and encourage companies that we trust."
76561197974075802,Recommended,291650,30208124,Posted: 26 February,all,T.T,"TL;DR - I wouldn't blindly recommend it.  Know what you're getting into, if it sounds like something you'd enjoy then you very likely will.  It represents a high point for this sort of game, but this sort of game feels dated... or my tastes have just changed.If you enjoyed Baldur's Gate, you'll probably enjoy this.If you never played Baldur's Gate or a similar CRPG, there's a good chance you won't find this very entertaining.The combat is interesting and well explained, if, and only if, you dig for it.  Unfortunately, while it has real-time systems, everything happens so fast that frequently pausing and unpausing is a necessity.  It doesn't feel like I can relax and just enjoy the spectacle, which is unfortunate for a game I thought I would find laid back.The story sometimes feels slow and I never really found myself feeling invested in the characters.  Often times I found myself just blowing past dialogue due to boredom and simply not caring.  That's not to say the characters don't have good backstories; nor that they don't go through some amount of development.  Simply put, it just didn't hook me.  Maybe I've grown out of this sort of story telling?It took me a ludicrous amount of time to finally beat the game.  I would get bored and take breaks for months before feeling guilty that I hadn't finished it and come back to it."
,Recommended,291650,15066296,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,The Spacehamster Family,Best RPG since Baldurs Gate. No hand holding. Its 1999 all over again.
76561198052374425,Not Recommended,291650,32738376,Posted: 24 June,all,Mehlig,Paradox need to reconsider the long term damage they're doping to their brand...
,Not Recommended,291650,32653754,Posted: 22 June,all,Sleepypanda57,"Paradox Interactive dun ♥♥♥♥ed up. They literally doubled the price on all their games before the summer sale to benefit from that so their games, while being half off, would still be full price. Do NOT buy Pillars of Eternity or Tyranny until the prices are returned to normal, if they ever are.PoE is an AMAZING game, but it is NOT worth 100 USD or 50 USD while ""on sale"" for the game plus the DLC.Do not support this.When this is fixed, I will gladly change my review. This is a 10/10 game that is being run into the ground by Paradox.Note: Idk why Steam says I only have 5 hours on this. I have put well over 200 hours into this game.Edit: They have since ""fixed"" the price (though in reality it is actually higher than what it was before the Summer Sale anyway!). However, this does not excuse this, nor the half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥apology they gave simply to save face. I have thought about if I should change my review to positive as I originally said I would, but after some things that have come to light about this, I have reached the conclusion that it would not advisable to buy this game, as (and this pains me to say) publishers that pull these kind of practices need to learn, and they need to fade away.I absolutely can not reccomend this game for anything more than 15 USD (with the DLC included). Treat this, because of the company's mistakes, as a budget game. Do not pay full price for this. Ever."
76561198056680454,Recommended,291650,33998555,Posted: 3 August,all,Mars,"The major flaw of the game is the loadscreens between locations. Those take too long, and take significantly longer as you progress. Combined with an increasing need to travel between locations, it makes the subjective experience regrettable. The loadscreens got longer after some major game patch, and never went back. You can learn Japanese, find the love of your lifetime, and record your first rap album while this game loads itself.Otherwise, cool RPG with tactical elements in it. The writing is corny, battles are fun to learn to deal with. The replayability is meh (not much of RP to play with)."
,Not Recommended,291650,32638265,Posted: 22 June,all,The Honey Badger,"As much as I love Obsidian Entertainment, I'll have to thumb down my favourite game, Paradox Interactive has recently increased their game prices in less than 12 hours before Summer Sale. This is trully outrageous and we can't let  this practice to keep happening. I hope they realize their mistake. Great game, great developers, horrible publishers."
,Recommended,291650,15091974,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Drone,"So let me start by saying that this is A Very Good Game (tm).I was a bit pessimistic about it -- after all, how many times has Obsidian come so close to releasing a truly great game, yet failed to completely deliver (granted, often through no fault of their own). I got to play a bit of Pillars at Gamescom last summer and was left feeling pretty meh about it. In hindsight this was probably more because the limited time I had to play it wasn't enough to really properly ""get"" the game from the very beginning.The writing is very Obsidian, and the worldbuilding is deep and complex. After a few hours in, I can already see Obsidian's trademark moral choices everywhere, and they definitely appreciate the shades of grey that they always have. Some of the choices you're forced to make leave you seriously wondering if you're -actually- supporting the good/bad guys, and I think that's honestly really great. Pretty much exactly what you'd come to expect from Obsidian.Now for some gameplay stuff: I'm playing on Normal difficulty, and as a vet of Infinity Engine games, I'm finding it quite challenging... though that could be my party composition. Being able to create adventurers to fill in gaps in your party is a great feature, but the writing on the companions is good enough that you'll definitely be missing something by using the cookie-cutter custom adventurers. That being said, one thing I'm definitely going to say now is HAVE A ROGUE in your party. The first hour or two of the game you can get by fairly easily without one, but I'm now running into a lot of areas that are laden with traps/lockpickable doors, and I really don't have anyone in my party that is adept at 1.) seeing traps before triggering them, and 2.) deactivating them when necessary. You can probably get away with a Ranger instead of a Rogue, with a bunch of points dumped into Mechanics/Stealth, but nothing is as good as the real deal.All in all, I do not regret paying full price for this game. It's really great, and simultaneously scratches that nostalgic itch for a Baldur's Gate-type game while at the same time offering many current features that make it stand apart on its own as well.I hope Obsidian makes bucketloads of money with this and then goes on to make spiritual successors to some other Infinity Engine-era CRPGs. Arcanum, anyone?"
76561198077980987,Not Recommended,291650,22075538,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,peplozem,"Feels like it's overrated. For nostalgic fans only. Unique beautiful 2D maps are great. But all the rest ingredients including story and quests, combat, characteristics system, dialogs... are so-so... It doesn't hook you, sorry."
,Not Recommended,291650,17218827,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Winter,"I'm a huge fans of Chris Avellone and Obsidian Entertainment.However, I will comment this game very honestly. This game I rated for (6/10) because it does not hit my expectation.It is a good/OK game. I do not recommend to buy this game based on the current price.<Pro>Great GraphicsImproved UI of the baldur's gate version. Awesome weather effects, detailed surroundings.Endurance SystemGreat introduction of the endurance system that affects the Health Point system.Event Sandbox mode:User action based that on the stats is good concept.Warden System:It is a better game grinding version of Caed Nua Levels.<Less Impressive>Storyline:There is no breakthrough in the storyline. The reincarnation that retain the previous life memory is just too lame to be rewritten again and again in so many games and novels. If you are expecting Torment or Fallout 2 level of storyline, you might be disappointed. It's still an overall OK storyline.Stronghold:The concept is awesome but the system not impressive. It allows you idle NPC to join the adventure and get items/exp. The shops inside your stronghold sell normal stuffs that can be bought from any NPC sellers you find in the game. To travel all the way (very long hours/days) to get the a free rest bonus is redundant, you could get a better rest bonus at very cheap rate in any Inn.Dungeons:Basically you just hold  5-6 prisoners of the game. That's it. You mihght get rare items in exchange the prisoners but is entirely unnecesary in this game.Caed Nua Levels:Basically is designated for the player who likes to grind the game to prolong the game play hours.Godlike Race:The only race that is stood-out in this game. The rest are just the replica of the typical elves, dwarfs, halflings race with different names.<Cons>Bad combat system:There is no tactical position neceasary for your NPC. The easiest way to win the combat is group your teamates all togather and wait for the enemy to come to attack you. All you need to do is slow mode or pause the game to spam your spells and skills.Buggy combat system: The characters always got stucked or take the longer/danger route to reach enemy.Boring Side Quests: The side quests are easy, boring and insignificant. It does not really impact too much on the storyline but only the epilodges. The only side quest that capture my attention is the Undying Heritage.Unmotivated Main Quest:Basically you are just chasing an old man who did 'something' on you. There is no 'A MUST' reason to motivate you to continue the main quest. You could just live at your stronghold for the rest of your life."
76561198043265476,Recommended,291650,23674680,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Gil_Favor,"Haven't finished the game yet. So far it has been very entertaining, well balanced with goodcharacter interaction, interesting story lines througout, inlcuding the sub-plots. Also, specialcare has been taken to use quality story writing skills. Easy to understand combat. Some goodhumorous moments occur, but not all the time - just enough to seem natural.  Nice artwork, andmusic score very fitting.                                                                                           ***  9/10 ***"
,Recommended,291650,33848829,Posted: 27 July,all,Flexin,"Awesome game and story. If you liked Baldurs Gate or Neverwinter Nights, this is one you should try."
,Recommended,291650,15088998,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Omigawa,"Unbelievably unexpecetd masterpiece. I did not expect to spend $45 on a self-titled ""isometric rpg"". I expected a poor attempt at Baldur's Gate / Temple of Elemental Evil. I've lately been reminiscing about the glory days of Neverwinter Nights, wondering which RPGs I could play to rekindle the D&D 3.5 feel.Holy crap, this game nailed it out of the park. Metacritic score of 93 is a good indication of quality, and if you've played NWN/Baldur's Gate/ToEE, you are getting exactly what you paid for. The story telling and writing is spectacular; I'm actually reading all the dialogue, While this doesn't call itself D&D (licensing issues with 3.5, apparently), it's got the feel perfectly down; fighters fight, paladins lay hands, and wizards cast a magic missle-esque spell.Good god, if you're not playing this game, something is seriously wrong with you."
76561198067208994,Not Recommended,291650,32516861,Posted: 17 June,all,Forning,I will not support these price raises.
76561198062930115,Recommended,291650,15401990,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,DG Dobrev,"Guys, this game♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off so many times. It really did. I absolutely hated the fact that it's... where do I start from?!1. Clunkily isometric - no camera rotation - what you see is what you have to work with.2. Objects would intersect with one another so many times, that I barely knew what was going on.3. My guys would wiggle left and right behind one another in a futile attempt to find a way towards the enemy. And even when there is actually space for them to occupy, they would not. Unless I click. Seriously?!4. My guys will absolutely leave the positions i have carefully put them in to expose my weak rear line. There goes Aloth... Again!5. My guy(s) would sit and wait like they are braindead while their comrades are getting slaughtered, waiting for a command on my part while I am way too busy making sure my Priest is on top of the whole endurance/conditions/buffs situation.6. Breaking my space key cause, honestly, that is where your left or right hand should be all the time, based on your orientation.To continue, although I was a teenager during the dawn of the crpgs, I never ever played one - I was way too busy with games like Might and Magic 6-9, Heroes of MIght and Magic 1-4, Starcraft, Caesar 3-4, Pharaoh & Cleopatra, Zeus - Master of Olympus & Poseidon, etc. I never got into that genre. And now, since Divinity: OS launched, I was slowly drawn to it. And I embraced PoE for all it is:1. The rich lore.2. The interesting companions with their own rich story and personality.3. The companion interactions that made me sit, listen, smile and laugh.4. The little side stories which were making me connect even to the npcs that I had nothing to do with.5. The gorgeous handdrawn maps.6. The approach to combat. I have never ever prepared so painstakingly for my battles. Feels really good.7. The exploration, looking under every nook and cranny. Spending half a minute carefully moving your mouse over the screen in search for hidden stuff has never been more satisfying.AND FINALLY, that damn crpg's tons-of-math-and-formulae combat system. At one point I found myself looking into every equation and every calculation and trying to improve my odds.Holy hell, what has become of me... From a guy flagging PoE as ""Not Interested"" to a person who delves into its mechanics, busying himself making plans for future playthroughs and builds and whatnot.To conclude - buy this game, even if you hate the stuff I hated before it appeared. It has this weird way of drawing you in as the game progresses. I played a good part of it with clenched teeth, sometimes even shouted at my monitor - while waiting for the next time my guys will♥♥♥♥♥♥me off in combat by doing the very exact thing I dont expect of them. And I still went on and enjoyed everything it threw at me, and boy was it worth it. I can't wait for the expansion!"
76561198015147679,Not Recommended,291650,20437207,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Strandly,"This game is simply bad. It tries to copy a bunch of hit games from the late 90s and it ends up being worse than all of them even 15 years later.Tedious play, bland mechanics, a story that manages to be confusing and forgettable at the same time, horribly unbalanced mobs; I simply cannot recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,291650,32629910,Posted: 21 June,all,Ally,"I was going to buy White March 1 & 2 during the sale, Paradox talked themselves out of money with the scummy price rises, steam shouldn't allow this kind of shady practice. You'll get no more money from me!"
,Recommended,291650,30951704,Posted: 4 April,all,EϟϟEST,720 hours out of an Eternity down. just an Eternity left to go.🍻ᶜʰᵉᵉʳˢ
76561198082816563,Not Recommended,291650,32821258,Posted: 26 June,all,ChrisPharmD,The publisher raised the price and then marked it down as if it were on sale.  That's shady AF.
76561197992044575,Recommended,291650,29034971,Posted: 5 January,all,Archmage Demetrian,"When I don't have a D&D session planned, I play this game. It's really entertaining, the story is great and original and the gameplay is better than what people say. Just don't play in Normal difficulty level."
76561197988148693,Recommended,291650,15429420,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Rosbjerg,A hopefully first in a series to rival BG - this is one of the best RPGs I've ever played.
,Recommended,291650,15620189,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Deepeye,"Pillars of Eternity is an oldschool themed RPG which delivers on all aspects while staying true to the classic template of RPGs of 90ies. The story is captivating and intriguing, music is perfectly tuned to world setting, mechanics are solid and transparent, animators have done a great job as well and level design is plainly fantastic, it's an enormous pleasure to go through each one of them.This is the game where you can go on an adventure and lose yourself in it. Only downside is that price tag could have been little lower. Otherwise it still is worth the original amount.If you loved games like Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter Nights then you'll be right at home with this one!9/10"
76561198084503067,Not Recommended,291650,32661676,Posted: 22 June,all,GENNESIS,In bird culture this would be considered  a♥♥♥♥♥♥move.Nothing wrong with the game just shady practices by the company.
76561198016166253,Not Recommended,291650,35159180,Posted: 23 September,all,Gantz,"Isometric RPGs are one of my most beloved genres so I had high hopes for something original going in to PoE, having played through games like NWN2 and Shadows of Amn multiple times. I finished the game and enjoyed aspects of PoE, but when asking myself if I would ever play it again or remember much of anything about the story, my answer is ""No."" For a RPG that is unforgivable, so ultimately it gets a thumbs down.I have to disagree with the top positive comment for this game: It absolutely suffers from lack of licensing. The story and world are probably the weakest aspects of the game. I don't want to make this review a Shadows of Amn vs. Pillars of Eternity comparison, but it's difficult not to draw parallels because they have such obvious analogs: enemies, lore, factions, quests, major parts of the story: Watcher's Keep vs. Caed Nua, Faction quests: Bodhi / Shadows Thieves vs. House Doemenel / Knights of the Crucible / The Dozens, Plight of the protagonist: Bhaalspawn vs. Watcher, etc...Positives:Graphical improvements and ability to zoom in / outVoice acting is top notchNPCs are well developedWeapon enchanting and crafting mechanics are handled wellThe story's treatment of souls, Hollowborn, and animancers is the most interesting and original part of the story in my opinionUI improvements:-Inventory system is much improved-Being able to compare multiple items side-by-side-Command queing in combat makes perfect sense for this genreNegatives:Lore is shallow compared to its contemporaries""Reach out for Soul"" interactions are completely pointless. I got to about Gilded Vale until I stopped reading them altogether. Someone spent hours upon hours writing these for whatever reason rather than making the core story and game more interesting.Quests lack originality and are tedious. For example, most of them in Defiance Bay and Twin Elms are a matter of getting the quest, going to another area and killing someone / making some moral decision, returning to original district to complete.Pathing is terrible, even moreso because the battles use a disengage mechanicBattles rely much more heavily on buffs / debuffs and out-casting your enemies. Fights are usually complete curb-stomps one way or another. If you die, you just reload, then cast the necessary invulnerability (domination, stun, confusion, etc...) for that enemy type and it's a cakewalkThere's just a lack of interesting stuff to break the monotony of battles. Examples from Shadows of Amn: Machine of Lum the Mad, Spellhold puzzles, class-specific quests, Planar Sphere quest....basically it just needs more interesting stuff to break the monotony of battles and text.Ending felt rushed, with little connection to the main character or the antagonist. After finishing the last battle, I said out loud, ""Oh, I guess it's over then."" and immediately uninstalled the game.Enemies are almost 1:1 retread of Baldur's Gate series, except with notable exceptions of more interesting ones like Githyanki, Drow, Beholders, etc...-Kobold = Xaurip-Nymph = Pwgra-Vampire = Fampyr-Mind Flayer = Vithrack-Ghoul = Gul-Wyvern = Drake-Sword Spider = Spear Spideretc...TL/DR: Good enough for a single playthrough with improved UI & mechanics over its contemporaries, but ultimately falling short in the areas that matter most: story / world, quests, and lack of originality."
76561197996874543,Recommended,291650,15337303,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Stannis the Mannis,If you love the original Baldur's Gate and/or Neverwinter Nights Games you have to get Pillars of Eternity . Instant Classic.
,Recommended,291650,15124080,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Xynen,"A nostalgic romp in an original and engaging world. Obsidian has made good on it's promise to bring you a fantastic and unforgiving isometric RPG.If you've played games like Baldurs Gate, or Planescape: Torment, then you know what you're getting into, but for the uninitiated, this is a text heavy roleplaying game. Instead of the constant grinding of enemies to level up associated with most similar games currently on the market, your experience will largely be rewarded from exploring new areas and completing quests, of which you'll find plenty.This is not to say that the combat system was neglected, it is both engaging and relentless. You'll need to take control of your entire party (unless you choose to go solo) and plan your attacks and formations accordingly. A host of spells, abilities and talents help you maintain control of the battlefield in real time as you dispatch your foes and progress through an compelling and well written story. Definitely a contender for Game of the Year."
76561198156823600,Recommended,291650,22309551,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Funboat,"Ehhhh....this one's difficult. I'm recommending it, but I didn't like it, and not everyone will. I can admire this game, I definitely can, but it's way too hardcore for me. If you want a really hardcore RPG then this is for you, but I think I'll just stick to Bethesda"
,Recommended,291650,31311811,Posted: 22 April,all,Spoony Bard,"An incredibly deep Baldur's Gate throwback. For those new to this style of game, the learning curve will be a bit steep. For veterans of Infinity Engine games, you'll adapt quite nicely."
,Recommended,291650,18758267,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Kynsho,"Well, as it's already been stated by many, this is a revisit to Baldur's Gate (1 & 2). It doesn't have the story depth of the characters of those classics, and it doesn't quite match up to the immersion of Planescape: Torment, but when it comes to isometric cRPGs this is one that stands out. You won't have the, ""Squeak SQUEAK"" of the ""Boo"" that is Minsc's hamster or the haughty judgementalism that is Jaheira in the character interactions, and you certainly won't get the gender-changing possibilities of your companions, but . . . it's not bad for a crowd-funded game.If you're expecting that level of depth and that's what you're looking for, you're not going to find it with this game. There is, however, interaction and some degree of character growth of the NPCs that can join your party. All NPCs have personal quests - not as rewarding as BG2, for instance - but it's there.Having said that, this is an isometric cRPG that allows you to create a character of your choice and choose, at your leisure, a party of either pre-built NPCs you meet in-game or recruit and define for youself. Your party grows in strength and experience, you stylistically decide how to develop yourself and your NPCs to suit your expectations, and you go through the game playing these decisions against the battle encounters you face.And that's kind of where it breaks down. The story - the plot - is interesting, but what you will find is that you approach all conflicts and battle in pretty much the same way. ""I put my 'tanks' or 'warriors' here, and everyone else destroys the enemies from afar."" is not an unfair description of how most fights go. If you're in it for the story, then great - it's like playing any RPG, such a Dragon Age: Inquisition, on casual mode. If you're in it for hardcore combat challenge, then you're just going to end up with larger groups of enemies against whom you already have effective strategies and tactics to defeat.Point is, the battles get repetitive. The story is there between the battles, but the story doesn't progress without the battles. Looking back, all those years ago at Baldur's Gate and Planescape: Torment, it probably wasn't much different. But at least at that time it was novel ideas and made me a captive audience. In this re-incarnation, it's the same thing except I know what to expect, and that diminishes the overall experience.I recommend the game, however, because of the story. That is, ultimately, why we play RPGs. I want to know what happens next; I am the protagonist and get to make choices that may affect future consequences, and I have a BIG♥♥♥♥♥DAMN SWORD that can cut you in two. As a revisitation on older cRPG games, it's nothing less than awesome. Graphics are decent, soundtrack is great, voice-acting is okay - there's just enough to bring those memories back from the 90's. And since I'm sentimental, I'll run with that."
,Not Recommended,291650,18317264,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Tony Hawk's Dark Secret 2,"Do you enjoy spending hours at a time working on a branching questline only for all of your actions to be rendered completely pointless? Do you like micromanaging obtuse and obsolete game mechanics? Do you want a game that throws all its potential out a window in favour of being 'safe'? Then boy do I have a game for you!Pillars of Eternity presents itself as a throwback to the classic CRPGs, like Baldur's Gate and Planescape: Torment. However, it actually comes across as a game made by people who liked those games but did not understand why they were good. Pillars throws at you the trappings of choice, of an interactive world, of interactive design, but does not actually include these in any meaningful way.As an example, let's look at character creation. You're presented with a half-dozen options for races, all with different stats and backstory, then a handful of different class options based on the traditional DnD classes (fighter, wizard, rogue, bard, etc.) and then finish up with options for personalising the character's backstory, appearance, etc. Sounds great, right? Just what you'd expect. But when you come to actually play the game, you'll find that none of it really matters. The classes really just resolve into ""ranged"" and ""not ranged"", and everything else is just fluff. Your actual playstyle will be exactly the same whether you play a big, tough warrior or a small, sneaky rogue. The character options present different possibilities for interacting with the world, but these almost never actually come up in the story. If you play as a goblin (I don't care what you actually call them, they're still goblins), the game will tell you that your race is hated and discriminated against. This came up ONCE, in the 20-odd hours I wasted on this game. In a single option, hidden behind another conversation option, while talking with a single minor character.Quests and storylines may have multiple ways of approaching them, and multiple ways of progressing, but almost all that I played ultimately had only one single outcome, which had nothing at all to do with what I did. You can spend hours at a time working carefully on choosing which faction you're going to support, choosing which quests to do for that faction, deciding how you're going to accomplish your quests from the several options presented to you, weighing the pros and cons of each possible outcome, only for all of this to be rendered pointless when the storyline progresses with absolutely no impact from you or your actions. The writers are determined to tell you their story, despite what you do, without you being involved in that story. There is no real choice, no actual 'multiple paths' as advertised, there is just ""well, that's nice, now here's what is ACTUALLY going to happen.""Ultimately my problem with this game is that there is no real choice in anything. It is a crude imitation of what came before, with nothing new to add or innovations to include. 20 years ago, this game would have been a brilliant new addition to the CRPG library. It would have stood up against the best of its genre. Unfortunately, it's not 20 years ago. But I don't think the developers know that."
76561198045118691,Not Recommended,291650,33059403,Posted: 30 June,all,Scarface,"Platitudes of EternityPillars of Eternity is a long slog that isnt necessarily bad, but it is far from good. Some major gripes with the game were balancing (ex: Caed Nua). Blast through every floor easily only to find a boss that has supercharged AOEs to decimate you in 3 seconds. Immersion broken, come back in 5 levels to finish off please. That aside, I also did most of the sidequests and reached my max level far too early and the enemies don't scale (once again, balancing), meaning the game was basically a cake walk.Another issue is the items and crafting system. Weapons, armor and other items were pretty generic and even when you got something later in game what you have at the time is probably on par or not different enough to warrant changing. The crafting system was uninspired and didn't seem to add much to whatever you were upgrading (EX: cold damage to my pistol?! YEAH!)Worth mentioning to is the bizarre ability stat reasoning. Want to be a barbarian? Better pour points into intelligence because it boosts your AOE damage. Want to be a tanky paladin? Leave that constitution average because it makes no real difference. Basically, round out your stats and keep a few above 16 because it affects dialogue choices (EX: your athletic priest manages to climb a 30 foot wall without becoming winded!)Finally, the game is so lore and cliche heavy you'll find yourself not caring about what so and so did, or skimming over how age old blah blah led to a hatred of subservient *insert race/class here.* I beat the game and felt myself not caring about the last couple of hours, pretty much skipping dialogues and just trying to end the slog. It starts out with force but gradually grinds to a slow burn yawnfest (which is easy because you'll be max level! No level ups for the last 5 hours).It also should be mentioned, that the developers decided to UP THE PRICE OF THE GAME DURING THE STEAM SUMMER SALE (2017) SO AS TO CREATE THE ILLUSION THEY WERE GIVING YOU A DEAL. GREEDY, GREEDY, GREEDY... I bought the game months ago for about $20 on sale, and the expansions for around $10 (total of $30 for all content). Now I see it listed for $65.49 50% off... It is pretty shady of a company to try and fleece its consumers out of their hard earned money."
76561198009225440,Recommended,291650,28848536,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Silovik,"It's more Baldur's Gate than Baldur's Gate.   Story is good; combat is challenging, fair, and satisfying; the personal stronghold quest line is better than the similar quests in Witcher 3 and Skyrim.  Very replayable if you have  the time because there are several competing factions in the game that you can join."
76561198040855980,Not Recommended,291650,32698655,Posted: 23 June,all,ClockTic,DON'T SUPPORT THESE SCUMS.
,Recommended,291650,26666839,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Ecumene,When i beat this for the first time I had around 125 hours into it.When I finished I felt like i just finished a massive impressive book. I was in love with every act and every line.
,Not Recommended,291650,32518130,Posted: 17 June,all,Uhulaki,Bad move from the company raising the prices before the steam sale.
76561198088695470,Not Recommended,291650,32910440,Posted: 27 June,all,Abstract Boy,"Outrageous price raise right before the Steam Summer Sale. As I do not condone this behavior, I simply recommend against buying this game until the price is once again lowered.GAMEPLAYThe gameplay is really good, especially if you like role playing games. The artwork is beautiful and really draws you into the world that Obsedian had created.That said. I hated the fog of war system so much that I eventually stopped playing after 20+ hours on a friend's account. I'm okay with most of the maps being covered by fog of war, but even the already explored cities and your own base is covered by the fog of war and I never feel safe even in those most innocuous areas. It also removes much of the beauty of the backgound as you simply cannot see it well. Granted, this might be a non-issue for some, but I disliked it so much that it just broke the game for me."
76561198056725167,Recommended,291650,33749029,Posted: 23 July,all,Baronjager,"It's a great game.  Great fix for someone trying to relive the days of Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, Dragon Age Origins... you get the point.  It will satisfy your itch for that classic D&D genre.  I've already purchased the game, so I'm not going to cry about them raising the price to profit from a summer sale... whatever... it's a great game... if you want it buy it, who cares if it's an extra 15-20 dollars.  It's better than most triple A $60 games."
,Recommended,291650,23686726,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Minibrox,"Before the rating of this game drops heavy due to the sale. I want to say that this is a good game for people who enjoy good old rpg games like Baldurs gate, Icewind Dale ect.The game has a great story, great dialogue, good gameplay, good leveling system and a large world to explore.But the game is really hard if you do not have experience wit oldschool rpg, and most of the quests eigther  requires you to read trough ingame lore or the full explenations of the quest. Or the dignity to search up walktroughs."
76561198045697016,Not Recommended,291650,32483241,Posted: 16 June,all,FortressFinal,"Love the game, but cannot condon raising prices like this just for the steam sale."
76561198207996871,Not Recommended,291650,32943905,Posted: 28 June,all,Pastor Ssempa,no raising price.
76561197972988554,Recommended,291650,32377225,Posted: 12 June,all,Vizreki,"Probably the ""darkest"" game I've ever played, story-wise. While DOOM and Wolfenstein and other games are brutal and graphic, this one takes the cake for being dark and seriously violent on a spiritual and psychological level. Here are my pros and cons:+ Story (good main plot, great side plots all around that relate to the main story)+ Beautiful art and graphics+ Good music+ Good character / skill system+ Replayability+ Various difficulty levels are well balanced for what you want.- I want more character portraits. Some race/class combos only have 1 or 2 that make sense.- Fast mode is't that fast, sometimes wait a while for group to run across a large map- Controls were slightly confusing at first, but they become second nature once you learn them, no real issues.If you want a more complex RPG with an intricate story and lore, look no further."
,Recommended,291650,32513824,Posted: 17 June,all,Munithe EXT,People leaving really bad reviews because Paradox raised prices.Well Paradox don't make this game Obsidian did.So why punish Obnsidian when this is a Paradox problem.Go leave bad reviews on Paradox own games if you hate them.
,Recommended,291650,15113803,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Calaun,"A masterpeice of a RPG, if you loved some of the old RPG's from the 90's such as Baldur's Gate this is a MUST OWN. Heck even if you haven't played those but enjoy a good RPG with a beautiful lore and rich story, with a nice set of difficulty's to choose from and customisation this is still a game for you!"
76561198014355022,Not Recommended,291650,32955133,Posted: 28 June,all,Sequester Grundleplith MD,"Bought this game & stopped playing to wait for the dlc, since you have to play them during a game, not after. I liked the game ok at that point, but not enough to commit to another long campaign just to get the ""full"" experience  Dlc came out as two parts, both absurdly expensive for what they are.  Waitied for the prices to drop, and now, even on sale, a year & more later the DLC costs $15, while the base game (with much, much more content) costs $18.  Ridiculous.I was enjoying the game, but based on the previews for the sequel, a lot of what I didn't like about Pillars will be at least somewhat fixed in Pillars 2.  If you havent bought this game yet, dont.  Don't buy it to protest Paradox's dlc gouging practices, or don't buy it because Pillars 2 is on the way & it will be a better game experience.  Either way, don't buy it."
,Recommended,291650,15269972,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,mr.Badim,"Very good one. Deep storylines, intresting plot, etc.Kickass system to build your hero and your party.If you liked Icewild or Baldurs gate - that is no-brainer - you have to play this one too."
,Recommended,291650,15296690,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Boob Debate,"Really liked the tactical combat in this game. Primarily emphasizes preparation, using narrow doorways to your advantage, and generally positioning your folks properly. This leads to delightfully varied and challenging encounters. Do note, however, that micromanagement is also an important part of combat (they even tell you that when you're choosing a difficulty level), so if you don't like that sorta stuff, this game might not be your cup of tea.When it comes to story and such, I almost don't know where to begin. The world in this game is really creative and unique (just the fact that it's more of a fantasy version of the Age of Discovery rather than medieval Europe is refreshing), your companions are all interesting characters (really felt like I was friends with most of them, rather than being their leader), and since it's an Obsidian game, there are some really delicious philosophical ponderings here and there.Special mention goes to all the different dialogue choices you can make, though. Instead of just being different solutions to quests and such, there are also plenty of options that exist solely for the sake of roleplaying, to further flesh out your character's motivations and so on. That's really neat.If there's one major gripe I have with this game, though, it's that pathfinding can be really rubbish sometimes. Seeing folks politely waiting behind their allies because they don't realise they could go around that guy in order to bludgeon someone is something that happens too often.Oh yeah, and you can get at least three cats and a piglet in this game (but you can't give them little hats or armors, which I hope will be remedied in a future expansion)."
76561198034731846,Recommended,291650,15077631,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,tonytone25,"I dont usually write reviews, will keep mine short and sweet.... I have played BG1, BG2, NWN 1&2 and found POE holds its own with the best of them!"
,Not Recommended,291650,25134839,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,anti-magic,"Having thrown myself against this game twice now I think it's safe to say it is not my cup of tea and while it is incredibly gauche to make comparisons, the most glaring flaw is that Pillars of Eternity isn't Baldur's Gate. Or even Neverwinter Nights for that matter.The ""D&D but not"" RPG system just feels so incredibly awkward in every single facet: the attributes are all jumbled up and different, there are a plethora of status effects that overlap but are often ineffectual and the spells/abilities are familiar but slightly shifted in some manner. The endurance/health system is garbage and seems to exist solely to justify enemies doing absurd damage because technically you have health that you can heal into. Just let them have 400 health and having healing act normally, there's nothing unique or useful about the endurance system.It's unfortunate that the gameplay and combat are so god awful because the worldbuilding and side characters are at least intriguing. The story isn't anything new but it's serviceable and works for the intention of establishing a new IP.If they didn't try so hard to make an alternate gaming system this could have been a decent game."
,Recommended,291650,33280661,Posted: 5 July,all,momokame,"Very decent classic RPG. It's a modern Baldur's Gate with perhaps a teeny bit of pretentiousness to the story (I don't mind). If you enjoy feeling lost in a detailed fantasy world, give this a try.Don't usually review but the recent influx of negative reviews is pretty pathetic. Y'all are doing other users a disservice, take your beef with *the publisher* elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,291650,32489121,Posted: 16 June,all,Sten45,I will not support these price raises. please stop it.
,Not Recommended,291650,32716084,Posted: 24 June,all,Auphy,GREEDY
,Recommended,291650,23927040,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,lupiyatama,"This game is very rich in story. I enjoyed reading the story given in this game. Also you can recruit many character.You can have your own stronghold, doing quest and get money from it. It remind me of legendary JRPG game Suikoden, where you can recruit many character. It is a marvelous RPG, Worth at full price, but grab it fast while still on sale. It's a steal,"
76561198010139071,Recommended,291650,25598161,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Maddmike722,"Pillars of Eternity is the type of RPG that can keep you on the character creation screen for hours. The moment to moment gameplay of Pillars is unlikely to surprise you if you've been following the revival of the CRPG genre through Kickstarter. You'll go on quests and slay dragons, and once your potentially 100 hour journey is complete you'll have read a couple novel's worth of text. Unfortunately the text is the superior half of the game; although some small improvements have been made to the CRPG formula a lot of its systems feel like they come right out of 1999.Micromanagement is the name of the game here. Each member of your 6 person party can come equipped with what feels like dozens of spells. Every encounter is a test of both skill and patience if you plan on using your party members effectively. The game features a pause button for those who want to make the most out of all of their fighters, but I found this to chop up the combat and turn fights into a chore. I struggle to find a reason why the game uses real time combat at all, a turn based system like the one found in Pillars' Kickstarted cousin, Divinity: Original Sin, would feel more apt here. If you're like me you'll opt to push the difficulty down to ""Story Time"" in order to breeze through combat and allow yourself to experience everything else the game has to offer.The combat system in place doesn't use Dungeons and Dragon's ruleset, but that was near impossible to tell as an outsider. Characters hitting and missing are determined by dice rolls that are weighed by their statistics. If you love deciding whether you want the chest piece with 12 Resolve but lower Athleticism then you'll love min-maxing all of your character's loadouts, but I found the games ruleset to be a bit complex for my tastes. I much prefer when I have a great amount of choice in how I want my characters to perform not through small stat changes, but through large easy to comprehend choices; something akin to World of Warcraft's post 2010 talent system.Spells are handled on a ""per rest"" and ""per encounter"" system, where more powerful spells can only be used a limited amount of times until you get your characters back to an inn or campfire. Weaker spell are limited by how many times you can cast them in a given fight. Though this system will likely appeal to those who want to map out their descent into a dungeon, I found it really constricting and made me reluctant to use any of my character's cool abilities at all.Though my piece on the game doesn't look like a glowing recommendation so far, it was actually one of my favorite games of 2015. Though the clunky combat and complicated rules were large gripes of mine, that's where most of my issues with the game end. Pillars succeeds tremendously in nearly every other aspect, most importantly is how much it allowed for players to role play. Player agency in all aspects of the game was clearly a huge design philosophy for Obsidian, it's apparent from the moment you make your character. Your character's race, class, and background will influence the way other characters interact with you as well as opening up new dialogue options. Although all of this seems par the course, it's the superb writing that brings the role playing to life.Regardless of how you allocate your stat points, your character will be a Watcher: a person who can look into the soul of others. Though this gift starts as but a faint whisper, you will eventually be able to read the intentions of others that you talk to as well as manipulate their soul. Souls end up being a driving force of the plot of the game as well. You will hear from many a townsfolk about ""Waidwen's Legacy"", a supposed curse that prevents newborn children from being born with souls and are instead born as hollow shells. The matter of souls also ties into the games many religious themes. The in-game deities play a large role in the game's world and you'll find yourself opening your codex to refresh yourself on them many times. Understanding each of the provinces' deities as well as the gods of your followers is important to understanding the plot as well as the world's history. Religious themes in art can occasionally turn off people but the game's messages about religion are handled with grace and don't come off as overly preachy.The characters you'll meet on your adventure are layered and complicated, specifically your party members. Out of the eight total companions  in the base game I only found one to be boring, but even as the weakest of the bunch she's more compelling than most characters in other big budget role playing games. Each companion has their own personal quest that could have been a game of its own. You'll definitely want to pursue these quests as they contain a bulk of the characterization in the game, which is arguably the titles' strongest point. I found most of the quests to be an emotional roller coaster, some ending in tremendous highs and others ending in crushing lows. What's important to note about these mini stories is your ability to steer them. Your action, or sometimes inaction, will change the way that these plots unfold. After I finished my first playthrough of the game I was anxious to start all over and play in a whole new way.Occasionally the game will break away into ""choose your own adventure book"" style sequences. These sequences will require you to choose actions, frequently based on the type of character you play, in order to push the scene forward. Sometimes they are short scenes that have you jumping over a large gap, or longer sequences that require multiple inputs such as climbing a cliff while being pursued by enemies. These sequences were a great addition to the game that helped break up the standard action, I only wish there were more of them.The game isn't only combat and dialogue however, you'll obviously also spend a lot of time exploring the games rich and detailed world. The game doesn't take place in one large open world but rather in a bunch of smaller zones connected by load screens. Each self contained zone is dense with people, both friend and foe, that you can interact with. One zone in particular that you'll stumble across early on is your stronghold. The stronghold is a base-building side quest you can do for some small bonuses. The lore of the stronghold was compelling as you learn more about its previous owner and delve deeper into the labyrinth that exists underneath it, but unfortunately the same can't be said for the gameplay. It's a Farmville style upgrading system where you pump resources into your base and wait in-game days for the next upgrade to be pursued. Thankfully the bonuses you get from doing the stronghold are minor, so it can easily be ignored while you pursue other quests.The visual and sound design are magnificent. Hand painted backgrounds are a joy to walk through and the music feels like it would be right at home as the background to Lord of the Rings. Unfortunately, character models clash with the rest of the games aesthetic and appear far older than the world their contained in.Despite my qualms with its clunky combat, Pillars of Eternity was an amazing role playing experience with a fantastic world and equally fantastic characters. It's an easy recommendation to anyone who enjoys the CRPG style of game. The future is bright for Obsidian's own IP and I can't wait to see what they have in store for us next."
76561198027521797,Not Recommended,291650,18987284,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,akshunjase,"As you can see from my hours played I tried greatly to enjoy this game.  Whilst this game attempts to harken back to the ""good ole days"" of Baldur's Gate and other isometric crpgs, Pillars of Eternity feels bland and suffers from some major game breaking bugs cropping up in each patch cycle.With each patch cycle Obsidian makes changes to the stat, ability and buff/debuff mechanics in what is an already convoluted system, not to mention the myriad of bugs that such a cycle brings.   Having to thoroughly read through patch notes to understand what over-the-top changes have been made can be frustrating.  Obsidian also seems to make changes to mechanics and systems that work fine whilst seemingly ignoring broken classes and abilties.The combat becomes tedious very quickly, usually involving bottling up your adversaries in a choke point and autoattacking them until dead.  When you do decide to use spells or abilities you will quickly find that a majority of them are completely useless, whilst those that cause stun or knockdowns to be king.At those times that you are unable to keep your enemy hemmed in, you will find those carefully crafted tank characters will be next to useless in keeping the enemies of your squishy damage dealers.  The fault here is with the poorly implemented engagement system.  A tank has the ability to 'engage' an enemy and should that enemy leave the area from the tank they will take a hit.  Of course this hit does nothing to actually stop an enemy from casually walking over and making paste of your rogue or wizard.   I won't detail the number of enemy creatures in this game that can just bypass the engagement system by teleporting straight into your group's back ranks and perma-stunning or killing them in two or three hits.  This problem has only gotten worse with the new expansion.The itemization for character equipment is dull.  After a lengthy dungeon crawl of tedious fights to find items that are mostly yawn worthy was very disappointing.The writing in the game seems to peak and trough.  The companions and their storylines seem to vary from interesting to just mind numbling boring.  The lore itself comes at your thick and fast with exposition upon exposition though with the latter it takes too many liberties by assuming you already know some hidden but integral world lore.  This can affect your conversation choices, though admittedly that is not a big deal as your choices in the end really mean nothing.  The authors are telling a story and be damned if you are going to have really influence on how that is going to be told.On a few positive notes the graphics are very good and I absolutely adore the music.  Many times during my day I've caught myself humming the music from the game.If you want to try the game, do so!  Just wait until it is on sale.  The price for non backers is astounding when you compare it other rpg styles games released in the same time that offer a whole lot more."
76561198025066754,Not Recommended,291650,32974336,Posted: 28 June,all,cres3.14,We need to send a message loud and clear with our voices and wallets to publishers the sort of anti-consumer trickery that Paradox has engaged in will always be punished. Paradox raised all of their prices to give the apperance that their games were a better deal during the steam sale.
76561198068487974,Not Recommended,291650,15282039,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,WI,"This may turn into a somewhat lengthy review, so if you don't wanna read all that sh#t here's the bottom line first: This game is boring. There, I said it.First of all, let me say that I've been anticipating this game for about 2 years, having been a huge fan of the Baldur's Gate series for many years before that. This isn't a case of the concept being new to me, or that I was expecting an action game. It's not even a bad game. If you're genuinely enjoying this game I'm not here to tell you that you shouldn't. I will share with you, however, why I'm not thrilled.I have probably spent half of my entire gaming life in the BG series. After playing it so much, and having watched it age, it has become apparent that there are many aspects of the game that could be improved upon. When I think ""spiritual succesor to Baldur's Gate released in 2015"" I get certain expectations. Expectations I feel were not met.Foremost of all, is that the game is flat out boring. The game fails to create an interesting or immersive world. Too much of the game is presented in written form (i.e. prepare to read a LOT.) I can't say I have a problem with reading, but I found myself being bored often while reading what the game was serving up. I always felt like I was playing a game; it never took me to another place in my mind. All the lore was standard and uninspired. I'd rather it were set in a classic world we know and love as opposed to this hollow one.It doesn't help that in Dialogue, you can't tell how much longer the latest uninteresting NPC is going to babble on for.Too much of the written content is either wholly unnecessary or could have been presented in a more interesting and visual way. Instead of giving me a mini essay to read on the appearance of the huge sharkwoman warrior, how about making the character models more interesting and expressive? i.e. SHOW me.**MINOR SPOILER: Another example, when Raedric was offering me the chance to join him, I had lost all interest in the ""story"" of the quest. All I had to go on was two characters giving speeches. I just wanted him to shut up and for this boring quest to be over. **Why did I travel all the way across to the other side of this room just to click on a magnifying glass and read ""Rats scurry in between the cracks of the stairs."" or something banal like that. The game is littered with these useless nothings.The look of the in-game world is bland and uninteresting to me. It reminds me of a cross between Diablo 2 and Icewind Dale 2 in terms of atmosphere. I was never a fan of those games, precisely because they felt ""lifeless"" to me. Character appearance customization is something RPG gamers typically enjoy. Too many games fail to give us the fun we seek in this regard. The Infinity engine games failed, and so does Pillars.Speaking of a lack of improvements: All my old frustrations are still there. Namely characters getting in each other's way during combat, small and claustrophobic areas making for messy gameplay, poor selection of roleplaying options, etc.In a visually appealing sense, there is very little upgrade from the old Infinity Engine games. Yes, the graphics are ""better."" More advanced, smoother. Water looks nice. But there's nothing that's done really well. In a lot of ways, Pillars of Eternity feels like an old game. That's not necessarily a bad thing, I just think there's actually better old games out there. Games that managed to create a visually appealing environment despite graphical limitations.One thing games like this always seem to fail in is visual presentation of populated areas. NPCs look particularly stiff (notice there isn't a single patron in the Gilded Vale tavern that's sitting down? WTF?). Oh and the choreographed movement of your party... ugh that's gross! Baldur's Gate actually did it quite well for the time. NPC models seemed more organic. I remember how alive the actual city of Baldur's Gate felt when I was exploring it for the first time. In this, and many other aspects, Baldur's Gate left a lot to the imagination. But it stimulated the imagination and took it in specific directions. Pillars on the other hand, is just dull. Or maybe I'm just getting old and not so easily amused any more.There's plenty I find frustrating with the in game mechanics too. Like why can't I use stealth with just one party member? Why is my whole party stealthed? What's the purpose of making the entire party move slower when stealthed? As a seasoned BG player I thought the game mechanics would be fairly intuitive for me, but I haven't been able to figure out the stealth system or some of the decisions that went into making it.I remember in an interview one of the devs was very enthused about how all the stats would actually matter and be helpful now, and how it would allow for unexpected and interesting character builds. Well, to be fair, the first part of that is kinda true. All the stats matter in certain ways now, which is nice. But I tried to make a smart and wise barbarian the first time I loaded up. Let's just say I had to restart the game.What's the purpose of limiting your party to 2 sets of camping supplies? All it does is make the game less fun for me.The party NPCs are just not memorable. Granted, I haven't got very far in their individual quests yet...but here's the thing: I don't really care to either. Baldur's Gate had memorable NPCs that oozed personality.I could go on but I think that's enough. I may end up finishing the game and putting a lot of hours into it. But that's only because I've waited a long time and there's nothing better. I've had some decent fun on it too, but my initial excitement has waned."
76561197962524017,Recommended,291650,29502777,Posted: 26 January,all,goth,"Excellent game! Combat is very well-structured, great gameplay and interesting story - though it could have a bit more depth. I was hooked after one hour of playing. Unfortunately it seems to have limited replay potential save for expansions. Once I buy the WM 1-2 I`ll definitely take it on again!I also wish that there were more NPCs or that their quests had greater depth - like those of NWN.All in all, best BG-like game I`ve played in a long time. Looking forward to PoE II!"
76561198050734799,Recommended,291650,33233114,Posted: 4 July,all,Kai,"It is worth playing. Don't miss on it. However, bad business practices would result in your downfall Paradox."
,Recommended,291650,15579672,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Crowzer,"One of the best CRPG on this decade: story-rich, plenty of classes, good visual and of course, ""old-school"" spirit.However PoE was filled of bugs at release but with recent patches it's now more stable and much playable. Still remain the horrible interface but it's not a big deal."
76561198027215946,Not Recommended,291650,18465194,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,adino32,Good game but after all this time it still has critical bugs.  Kind of shocking.  On endless paths level 9 when you save one of your toons gets randomly ported to the downstairs.  AND IT SAVES IT.  Therefore when you load that character is dead.  You have to go to a previous save game.  Then when you save again you have to hope it doesn't port one of your toons.  Unbelievable.  Clearly they stopped fixing bugs and just chugged out the next expansion.Check the forums before you buy.  Filled with bug complaints even now.
76561198034600665,Recommended,291650,26143073,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Sabrebear,"A faithful continuation of the storied legacy of Infinity Engine RPGs. Makes smart changes to the gameplay while maintaining the overall feel of the system (with the sole exception of Disengage attacks, which are a bit broken.).Characters are written pretty well, though you'll quickly learn to avoid headstones and gold-name NPCS, which are written by backers and completely irrelevant to everything. Otherwise, the plot is quite solid-- not the best writing in all video games, but certainly good.Mechanically, the game stays pretty solid throughout, but there are some nasty difficulty spikes. Some, like secret dragon bosses, are fine-- they're optional, after all. However, I was annoyed by the large jump in difficulty that the final boss presents. I had to lower the difficulty to beat the game after a frustrating hour and a half of failed attempts-- whether that's a testament to my skill or the game's difficulty curve is up to you to decide. It really put a damper on the endgame in my opinion.I haven't played the DLC, so I can't speak to its quality. Overall, though, I greatly enjoyed my time with the game."
76561198026954175,Not Recommended,291650,19198178,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,zen,"The writing is voluminous but says little, almost as if crafted by an accomplished wordsmith who lacked a story to tell.The world is reasonably large, but I couldn't get attached to it.  Despite the verdant outdoor maps, everything in this story feels beyond dead.  There is no joy of life.  I'm sure they were going for this, but that does not make it a good thing to put in a game.The characters talk a lot but, with the exceptions of Sagani and Eder, aren't likable.   You won't find an Imoen, Minsc, or Keldorn here.The combat system attempts to copy the mechanics of Baldur's Gate or Icewind Dale... and for functionality it might have made a good clone.  Somehow, it lost the soul of those games in the attempt.I don't know.  I can't really put my finger on the exact problem with this game.  It just didn't live up to its lofty goals of providing something like those great late-90s D&D games.  Skip it.  If you need a party-based RPG, I'd suggest Divinity: Original Sin instead."
,Recommended,291650,33104040,Posted: 1 July,all,L⊃U,"I opened the store page of PoE, saw the recent review being ""Mostly Negative"", which is a strong contrast with the ""Very Positive"" overall review, and checked the review section because of that.People are just complaining about the price--Paradox raised the price and the pre-sale price is the same as pre-sale price of Tyranny, which was released two years after PoE's release.Seriously? $44.99 for a game that is two years old?Despite of the recent price issues, this game definitely deserves a praise. Elegant writing, good plots, and also decent graphics. This is a treat for the old school CRPG players. Also, if you are new to CRPGs, this is a good game to begin with because the world is really attractive. (I might be a bit biased, but Obsidian is always good at making those RPG games. Good Job)I wish paradox would actually restore the price so that the review section can be an actual reflection of game quality, which is what the review section is for, instead of complaints about the price.I personally think that if the game was always at this price and was not raised from a lower original price after two years from the release date, people would not complain that much.I wish Paradox would realize the importance of customers. Yet they make good games and publish classics, but they let the consumers down as a publisher.GAME ITSELF: 10/10PARADOX: SIMPLY AN ""F""THUMBS UP FOR THE GAME ITSELF."
,Recommended,291650,15724211,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,hodie,Worth every penny to buy and every minute spent playing.
76561198113610295,Recommended,291650,30595489,Posted: 18 March,all,Eruna,"TL;DRIsometric party-based story-driven RPG with a real-time DnD-esque combat system.+ Entertaining and original story, backed up by well-written characters+ Rewarding and enjoyable combat+ Player character has significant impact on the world++++ Can have cats as pets-  Long loading screens-  Some in game bugs (one or two major, few minor)-  Sometimes ambiguous regarding instructionsSo I bought this game a few months ago when it was on sale. Played an hour or so but game felt very slow at start. Even after starting a new character about 2 months ago, the start still felt rather sluggish. But once I got past this stage, I didn't put the game down until it was completed and Pillars of Eternity is now one of my favorite games. Looking back, I can safely tell you that the first hour or so isn't representative for the rest of the game.Pillars of Eternity has a captivating and interesting story that unravels successively throughout the game. There isa lotof lore for a completely original universe- completing the main questline will give you a decent overview of the story itself, but exploring the numerous locations of the world map, completing subquests and generally just talking with NPCs will reward you with further, optional details. This is good for letting you set your own pace. The companions who accompany your character along the way are all diverse and, in my opinion, adds a lot of deph to the game. These characters have their own backstories and may interact with the player character during specific events. The player character has a significant impact on the story, shaping it differently depending on the choices they make and impacts the nature of interactions based on their chosen character traits, as it should be in a respectable RPG.  The voice acting in this game is brilliant, but some parts of the game isn't covered by it which is a real shame.The combat encounters are quite overwhelming in the beginning and will take a few tries before getting the hang of it (depending on one's previous experience with DnD combat systems). It's possible to change difficulties while in game if one wishes to change the weight of combat and focus more on the story, but worth noting is that this game will be challenging for some even on the easiest difficulty. The game offers several (eleven) playable classes with their own spells and playstyle, allowing for a lot of variety. Party composition is quite important here, but is pretty well covered by your companions. Even more composition options are offered by recruiting customizable adventurers from any inn. All in all, combat is challenging but is enjoyable once you get the hang of it!In conclusion, a very good and enjoyable RPG experience with challenging nuanced combat."
76561197980677505,Recommended,291650,15363135,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,urlGrey,"Baldur's Gate I & II are huge shoes to fill, but the ol' timers did a great job of it.  I love this game.  I'm gonna start with the negatives, but mind you these are critiques coming from a caring family member, not a nagging spouse.  And the source for a lot of this is me being Baldur's Gate #1 fan, so... yeah.The :(At times it feels a little combat-heavy, but that might be because I obsessively explore every little cranny and categorically slay anything with a red circle underneath it.Things are streamlined quite a bit compared to BG (much like Dungeons and Dragons 4th Edition was compared to previous versions).  It's also a positive, but the negative is, well, as awesome as it is to magically throw a battalion's worth of equipment into your stash throughout a long day of wholesale slaughter, and as convenient as it is to sleep off 500+ damage around what must be one magic campfire, it does tap a little bit on the fourth wall. And the 4th Edition style Per Encounter abilities are a little silly :\ (This is really about me not liking 4th Edition Dungeons & Dragons).  And the ranger's animal companion can't die (only get knocked out), so I have to roleplay him off as a crazy dog whose nickname is Lucky.The biggest one: PoE doesn't *quite* reach the level of character inspiration that Baldur's Gate had.  I think the voice acting is almost as good, for the most part (and still far, far, far above average), but there's not much of the miniature-giant-space-hamster, Ned (forgot his name) repeatedly talking to you and thanking you for not throwing rocks at him, Jaheira's ""Yyess, oh omni-present authority figure?"", Jan Jonson's ""Don't forget to raaise meee"" sense of humor that BG had.  It also has the misfortune of trying to follow Jon Irenicus from BG II, who was an extremely class villain.  Though this villain does have his moments.  And I do have a man-crush on Eder.The :)It has that immersive, deep, playing-a-good-book feel that Baldur's Gate (and all great RPG's) have.  I haven't reached the end yet, but it's all satisfyingly epic so far (just started Act III), and there are a few dialogue choices I find legitimately hard to choose between.Your actions have a little more effect on the world and how people treat you than most games of this type, which is really nice and further helps the immersion.The keep is really fun to have.  Even though I make a tremendous amount more on selling equipment than collecting taxes, and it's largely aesthetic, I really like having it.Though mostly a negative for me, I suppose there are benefits to the changes made for simplicity's sake (4th Edition stuff), such as not having to spend time prioritizing inventory space.It gets kinda dark at times, in a good way.There are a lot of neat-looking places.  I miss BG II's aesthetic a bit, but still, there are lots of areas and they all look nice.Soundtrack's pretty good, which is very important to me.Already thinking about the next playthrough.Just to fit in one more BG comment (take a drink): I think Pillars of Eternity would be my favorite RPG if it weren't for Baldur's Gate II.Have fun!  No-one's going to read this haha."
,Recommended,291650,17731815,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,raixel,"OMG! OMG!Ok... so after Black Isle went down, and everyone who loved Baldur's Gate cried cuz if there ever would be a BG3, itd probably suck because Black Isle didnt make it... your prayers have been answered.Its awesome. It has lots of text with just enough voice that it keeps it interesting, rich descriptions and dialogue. Its not dumbed down for people who are afraid of reading and want everything spoon fed to them. Its Baldur's Gate if Baldur's Gate had come out in 2015.The game UI and mechanics will feel like putting on your favorite comfy sweatshirt to Infinity Engine veterans, and even to newcomers, the mechanics are intuitive. I cant say enough good thing about this game beyond many of us have waited alomost 20 years to see it made."
76561198004881597,Recommended,291650,16542046,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Nagash1959,"If you loved Baldur's Gate or Icewind Dale, you'll love this too.If you don't love those games, you're a bad person and I can't help you."
76561198039324281,Recommended,291650,19471621,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,KhanTimeBandit,"I'm new to CRPG, but I have been gaming on commodore as a child up to RTS and FPS on PC and other consoles. So I believe I've got a great idea of a good game and this is a brilliant game!First off, the customisation of your character at the start is immense.Second, much like fable, Mass effect and other RPGs. Your words and choices mean something. But I believe PoE takes the choices to another level!Thirdly I am new to CRPG I have played other ones but found them rather unexcitable. I found for example Baldurs Gate Dark Allience far better then it's PC CRPG older version. Generally due to the PC CRPG version being rather confusing. But PoE is very simple! Also very difficult! It all depends on the difficulty you play the game on and if you enjoy reading the hints/explanations.ProsGraphics are brilliant, kind of old school with a more recent HD and flair touchSimple, but can, is challenging and complex 'abit contradictory but you will understand once you play the gameMusic and voices implimented are imersive and brilliantStorys throughout, even in side quests are amazing 'as far as I've played they have been'ConsI don't know if this will change but I'm finding the areas we can free roam to be medium sized rather than big? I might just be being picky here, but wanting a little more stuff to do within the roaming areas. But remember in this review I've only been playing for so many hours. So may change later on!Overall an amazing game! One of my best buys in such a long time! Couldn't be happier! 10/10 in my eyes!"
,Recommended,291650,30287191,Posted: 2 March,all,Markuz Juniuz,"Do I recommend this game? Actually... kind of. Not fully recommend it but it's not bad either.I don't own the DLCs but I finished the story for the vanilla game. None of the companions are memorable. The game's lore may be great but for some reason the story of this game isn't gripping at all. Maybe it's the execution. It starts out good but in the middle it runs out of steam. It's like the game is more interested in telling you its lore more than its story. Near the end you get to talk to someone and she'll dump a boatload of information on you that could've been made into a chapter in itself.I don't particularly hate reading in games but I got tired of it near the end of this game. On the first parts it's Baldur's Gate II quality but afterwards it's like they ran out of money so they just finished the plot thru text. Imagine watching a good movie but on its climax it just displays everything in text for you to read. It felt that way to me.Update=====On my third playthrough I'm beginning to appreciate the world and the story more. The problem with games like this is in order to trully get engrossed with the story one has to know the lore first. On the first playthroughs seeing weird new words, names of gods, etc. just jumbles everything so it's very hard to follow the story.Now that I instantly know what ""glanfathans"" or ""engwithans"" mean, or know who the heck Magran or Eothas or Woedica is I could just read or play without things going over my head. Now I'm actually enjoying this game.My feelings for the last act stay the same, it still felt rushed on my second playthrough, but it actually felt fun compared to my first. Now I just started with a new character and seeing the details pop out on the flashbacks or the meres, it's wow. Even if practically nothing changes in the game on different playthroughs except your main character this games gets better when replayed.On a different note I hope Obsidian add more to their other game Tyranny. I really want to play that too but based on reviews I see around it's ending feels even more rushed than PoE. It seems like Obsidian always has games that have great stories but they just keep running out of money so their games have always been notoriously buggy on release and, tadah, have rushed final acts."
76561197962172893,Recommended,291650,28247977,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,ViOlEnCe,"Absolutely recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of Baldur's gate/Icewind Dale style games.  This game is absolutely beautifully crafted, the detail is really seen in every aspect of the game.I used to be very weary of Obsidian Entertainment due to the buggy games they used to release (IE.  Knights of the old republic 2, Neverwinter nights 2, Fallout New vegas).  This game redeems them and more."
76561198016577938,Recommended,291650,15123640,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Spizer,"This is Baldur's Gate 3, we have been waiting for this game since a long time. Thank you Obsidian for continuing a great series ! This game is AMAZING !!!WARMLY RECOMENDED This game is like reading the best fantasy book in a library, its beautiful, complex and deep."
,Recommended,291650,15120906,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,paogo,"I can't even put into words how great it is to ""revisit"" the old infinity style CRPG. I love it."
76561198082625238,Not Recommended,291650,32985728,Posted: 29 June,all,Butterscotch,"The game is okay, but their company policy is horrible.Their numerous DLCs are starting to be shipped out half-complete or absent of any significant content. Prices have also been increased just for steam sales/discounts, to give the illusion of a larger discount percentage so as to entice people to buy their games. Check out the various steam price tracking websites for this. This is bloody unethical!I will not support publishers with such disgusting practices."
,Not Recommended,291650,33097803,Posted: 1 July,all,Snowmind,"Pillars of Eternity is a great game, so much so I was about to gift a copy to a friend while the steam summer sale is on. To my surprise Paradox seems to have raised the pre-sales price and now the price with discount is the same as without discount before. This non-sense is absolutely disgusting and cannot be condoned.As such, like so many others have said, Icould notrecommend buying Pillars of Eternity (or any of the DLC) due to Paradox Interactive's shady business practices.In the end I chose gifting a copy of  Divinity: Original Sin - Enhanced Edition by Larian Studios and I am much happier for it.-----PS: As some probably remember, in UK 2013 Tesco and a number of retailers (DFS, Dreams, CarpetRight etc) were found guilty of tricking and exploiting customers by inflating prices pre-sales (bank holiday) season and were fined by the OFT for millions of £££ collectively. Why should Paradox get away with it??"
76561198017915571,Recommended,291650,24691963,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Ender0656,I love this game. Its a classic rpg in every sense of the word. You get a ton of different companions with their own side quests and personalities that will help you in and out of combat. If that's not enough you can even go to a inn and create a new adventurer to join your crew. You also get a castle to upgrade and maintain. Any followers that arent in your party are left at the castle where they can go on their own adventures without you.
76561197970715506,Recommended,291650,15763413,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,toddfox2,"Pillars of Eternity is like a scrumptious hot fudge sundae made from the highest quality ingredients. It tastes good all the way through. Just don't expect your gustatory preferences to be expanded.PROSInfinity Engine graphics on steroids - Seriously, love the fog effects in the sea port.Great soundtrack - Especially in the first town. Basically, the music there made me want to hang myself in real life. Good thing I didn't.Magic - Interesting abilities that aren't locked to an existing ruleset like D&D. I can chant a drake into existence! Every  battle!Party Characters - All of the characters have interesting back stories and are voice acted wellCONSPlot - I found the overarching plot to be pretty dull, especially in Act III.Melee Weak - Seriously, melee characters are nowhere as powerful as magic users. I kind of wish there was better parity.8/10 - Would listen to Durance refer to everything in his life as a fiery ♥♥♥♥♥ again."
76561198047976115,Not Recommended,291650,33071936,Posted: 1 July,all,DuB,Shame! Shame! Shame!great game though
76561198007983404,Recommended,291650,15143557,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,OrcWhisperer,"This game hits all the right RPG cues. Deep, immersive story-telling that hands you the reins.  Updated graphics from 90's CRPGs, with similar systems to make you feel right at home, but updated and streamlined so you don't feel like you are playing something from the 90's.Best CRPG I have played since Planescape Torment, BG, IWD, NWN, etc."
,Recommended,291650,29896631,Posted: 13 February,all,LeaderHawk,"When I played another old-school game Divinity: Original Sin I didn't like it. Because after first city the game becomes boring. So I was afraid is this about all old-school games? Of course not. And Pillars of Eternity proves it. 150 hours of gaming and not boring at all. Wow!I enjoyed the story. Enjoyed role playing. You can be very kind or evil; being fair or liar. All quests have different ways to pass them. Game gives you interesting dilemmas. And again, I've been playing for almost 150 hours and was not bored. It was so interesting to investigate all locations, to complete all quests, to speak to each characters.So if you hadn't had experience with old-school games this is a good one to start with.Looking forward for second part. Meanwhile I'm going to play Tyranny. Another game from Obsidian Entertainment."
,Recommended,291650,15736930,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Bushdoctah,"WOW!  I just beat this game, and it's right up there with PlaneScape Torment and the other Black Isle Games.  I played them all!   This was one of the best RPG's I have ever played.  The story was deep, the characters were endeering, and the game consistently rewards you with cool experiences and back story.   Best game ever!  Buy it!  You will not be disapointed!"
76561197979851880,Recommended,291650,24021833,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Doubtful,"This game has a LOT OF TEXT to read. Let's just get that out of the way, right now. Many NPCs, especially party members, have much of their dialogue recorded as voiceovers, but even significant amounts of that is only available as text.Now then:Pillars of Eternity is the spiritual successor to games like Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, Planescape: Torment, and such.It is a top-down, pauseable, party-based tactical fantasy RPG with heavy influences from Dungeons and Dragons; however, unlike its inspirations it doesn't actually utilize a modified DnD system.This game does have its quirks and quibbles, and it isn't perfect, but as an avid fan of Baldur's Gate 1 and 2, this game is right up my alley.NPCs have a LOT to say, but much of that is completely optional, and text you aren't interested in or have seen before can be easily skipped with the spacebar. The storytelling in general is pretty interesting, and there is lots of secondary lore you can find in the form of books and papers as well as just delving deep into conversation options and the game's built in ""Cyclopedia"".Combat is HIGHLY dependent on positioning, tactics, and at least a moderate amount of planning, even on the 2nd-easiest difficulty. Which itself is still quite challenging for some encounters, although there's plenty of more difficult options for masochists.Fights are typically over fairly quickly if you make a critical error or are simply outgunned, but retrying it with proper tactics can make a world of difference.You will have to ""micromanage"" your party in combat, although there is a rudimentary and fairly simple ""AI"" feature you can utilize if you want. But given the immense importance of positioning and tactics in this game, directing one's party in combat doesn't feel like a chore or micromanagement, really. You will have plenty to do and your decisions are very important.Overall, I am enjoying it greatly on the ""Normal"" difficulty so far. I haven't yet run into a fight I couldn't win through subtlety, planning, and shifting my tactics, but most ""boss"" type encounters will test your knowledge and abilities to the point that you may need to restart a time or two. Save your game often!This game is excellent and definitely recaptures that ""oldschool computer RPG"" feel, while bringing some more modern features to the table. The in-game encyclopedia in particular, as well as the extensive in-game tooltips--complete with ""wiki"" style internal links, can shed a great deal of light on otherwise obscure mechanics.Obsidian (who were also the brains behind Fallout: New Vegas by the way) did an excellent job."
76561198025519083,Not Recommended,291650,33084395,Posted: 1 July,all,TheFuzzyMilitia,"Same boat, love to say this is a fantastic game. great gameplay, stories, characters you can feel for.However, this is the second steam sale they pulled this price raising garbage on. Let them burn."
,Recommended,291650,15136344,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Shana,I spent almost 1 and a half hour just creating my character xDThis kind of little things are the most enjoyable part of an rpg... and for this one I'm already enjoying it so i wanted to recommend it fast.Btw bought it on full price and it is worth the price.
76561197970911315,Recommended,291650,25812179,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,zman,Great game. Reminisence of Baldur Gate and Icewind Dale as well as the original fallout games. There always seems there is more to do then I could get done. Companions are interesting and unique from each other. I find I want to keep switching them out to experience them all. I would highly recommend to anyone who like isometric adventuring.
76561198076757867,Recommended,291650,25846485,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Damyel,"Pillars of Eternity is a love letter to the old Baldur's Gate and Icewind dale games of the 90s. Instead of AD&D rules for combat and character creations Obsidian has made their own that functions much the same way. You pick a class, race and starting attributes. Then you set off on an adventure with some truly fantastic party members and some meh ones. Combat is handled in a real time manner that you can pause and issue commands. It took me a long while to get comfortable with it but by the end it was a lot of fun.Verdict: Pillars of Eternity stands as testament that the old complex and unwieldy RPGs of yore still have a place in the modern market. If you love D&D or a time back when games didn't ♥♥♥♥ around and you had to actually read to figure out where to go next and didn't just throw a floating marker on everything. Then Pillars is the game for you."
76561197999165027,Not Recommended,291650,25204018,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Ghastkill,"I had really high hopes for this game and it started off really great, but...as I have played the BG series and other games of the ilk and massively enjoyed them for their rich charcters and story I had expected that PE would not dissapoint.starting the game everything seemd great and that I was in for a good story but not soon after I realised that I either stopped following the story or that it was really thin, or may I just zoned out?It seemed I could kill swaths of innocent people only to have my rating of how much I was liked go down, there were no guards that would track me down or seemingly no one that would confront me.the people on my team were cooky but mostly in an annoying way and the only one I enjoyed was Aloth, so when missions came up for my chracters they just felt like dull grinds that nothing new was learned from.Some of the spell animation is cool, but the combat in general wasnt quite there.as you can see I played for a fair while and it did feel that around every corner something fun would happen or the story might actualy captivate me, but it never happened.some fun times were had, but not enough for a positive review and not enough to bother with the DLCI'm just glad I got it on sale."
,Recommended,291650,29120995,Posted: 8 January,all,web_tracer,"This is a tale of marvelous and never-to-be-forgotten adventure, undertaken by The Chosen One and his worthy companions. You have to pass a thorny way full of darkness through a mysterious realm that has been perfectly brought to life by Obsidian.Encounters with ogres, spiders, xaurips, shadows, guls, participation in conspiracies and continuous opposition to the forces of evil are some of the occasions that befall the Watcher.It's an old school style cRPG, but it doesn’t play like some anachronism. The game has taken its place in Hall of Fame among the ranks of the immortal role-playing video games. It’s a complete and glorious story in itself, but it also can become an introduction to something even greater."
,Recommended,291650,17627272,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,p5eudo,"Excellent game. If you enjoy RPGs which give you choice, you will likely enjoy this. Not only do you make choices regarding the plot, you customize your party, and the individual characters.There are a few odd bugs. Mostly a couple of interface glitches which appeared here and there over the weeks I played. They were easily cleared away by restarting the game. Nothing game-breaking in my first playthrough. As someone who is easily angered by glitches, I did not find myself getting angry about the few glitches I saw.This is the first great RPG I've played in a long time. I am more happy with my purchase of this game than I have been with any other game I've bought in probably close to a decade. A second playthrough awaits, with new choices, and new characters.Oh, I forgot to mention... Played on Linux. Performance was excellent."
76561198162073361,Recommended,291650,33858321,Posted: 28 July,all,RigWrecker01,"This is one of those games that you could recommend one minute and despise the next. I'd recommend finishing it before writing the review.Essentially it's a classic dungeon crawler. Society is being turned inside out by a great evil and slowly but surely it falls to you to deal with it, alongside a growing number of companions.The lore and story are deep and complex. It's easily one of the best aspects of the game, with a number of 'players' taking a role in the intrigue and drama that unfolds. They're generally not some token 'good or evil' put there to keep you moving. Often it's much more subtle than that. They know what they want and they'll go a long way to get it. It's up to you to decide if you ultimately agree with a particular approach or not. At times this really makes you think and over time it defines your character with allies, enemies and those in between.Combat at first can be overwhelming. Much of it is mob based and you generally get a good mix of opponents that will keep you busy. I'd recommend playing it on hard as it does give you that 'edge of your seat' buzz you wouldn't otherwise get. The clever part is that although it does get easier as you approach god-like levels late game, you can still screw up badly and get completely destroyed, even by mundane enemies. Boss fights are another story and pretty universally if you slip here you're gone. The other thing is characters can actually die. This obviously removes them from the game but also removes them from the story. Once you get into the game you'll want to avoid this.Items and trade are another big aspect. You'll be trading huge amounts of mundane stuff to get cash, which is in relatively short supply (I'm not sure if this is tied to difficulty but it felt like it). The good stuff is rare and expensive, which feels right. When you do find or buy it you'll often be able to modify it (weapons and armor). Support items (stat and other bonuses etc) are generally not modifiable. You get what you pay for. With time and the right choices you can end up with a formidable setup. I tended to go shopping and do upgrades in between quests, which made sense and broke up the game nicely.The Keep is another nice touch which adds to your reputation and can make life a lot easier. It's essentially a walled town. On the flipside it's expensive to build and maintain. The balance between shopping and admin is real and you will need to pay attention to it. It also holds the 'Master Below' side quest which is pretty much essential.The flaws are few:The UI can get a bit annoying when you're trying to hone your build as the item screen and character screen can't be viewed at the same time. This type of thing applies to a few situations. This leads to a fair bit of back and forth around the various screens. It's not a huge deal but it could have been done better.A lot of the dungeons are dark and the 'fog of war' adds to this perception. The map is your friend here as it definitely helps with wayfinding but even here it would have benefitted from being full screen rather than having to click around.It's kind of 'aren't we clever' rather than beneficial. Again, not a huge deal but it does take the edge off.Spell selection for characters. You get it for mages and it's very helpful but other classes don't have it. This can make decision making a bit frustrating when you've got many spells and doesn't make a lot of sense. Some kind of quick slot mechanism was definitely in order so you at least had the option to remove rarely used stuff. you'll see what I mean when you play it.There's a couple of other things that are infuriating but this will vary with party build and may not apply, they just annoyed the hell out of me at the time. Bottom line if you've got weaknesses the game will find them.Overall this is a quality story rich experience. Despite any gripes it's a must play if you like the tougher end of RPG's. The later mob and boss fights are a real fight for survival no matter how much prep you've done. Yes, it's a bit arcane at times and you may not know exactly what's going on or who's doing what to who but if anything that adds to the realism. It's the sort of game you'll play through once just to enjoy it, then play again at some point and pay attention."
,Not Recommended,291650,18370606,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Morsk,"TLDR: Combat is bad. Too much micromanagement needed for the most basic of things. Lovely art and passable story, ruined by tedious combat. Play this on Easy, or not at all.90% of combat is keeping the party in formation, so the enemies don't run past the tanks, and no one gets gibbed. That's it. Your ""choices"" are to initiate combat perfectly to get a good formation, and then pause constantly to keep it together. That'sall, and it's not even challenging. When your party formation breaks, it's because you grew too bored to pause often enough, and risked that it might happen. Zzzzzzzzzzzzz.The art is a triumph. To capture the style of classic isometric games, in modern 3d rendering at high resolution, is something you have to see to believe.The story isonlypassable. There's a lot of ""anti-fantasy"" by jaded writers who no longer enjoy the genre. They hate wizards, so they add guns. They hate gods, so they killed one with a bomb. (Not a spoiler; it's backstory.) There's more grimdark and gothic horror than epic fantasy. Why is it so hard for amateur -- er, ""indie"" -- artists toappreciatea popular style and stick to it? Perhaps games have publishers for a reason."
,Not Recommended,291650,18807675,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,PICKLERIIICK,"In this review, I will discuss THE GOOD (things I liked), THE BAD (things that were mechanically wrong or off with the game), and THE UGLY (more general stuff that really just shut me down about it.)THE GOOD:--Plays and feels like a CRPG! Mission accomplished!--Party creation system is cool; you're able to travel around with companions from the story or custom mook-people who were designed in exactly the same fashion as you were. Your choice!--Combat is a bit hard to learn at first, but fun and even a bit tactical when facing enemies on par with your level or higher.--Pretty big game world, but not overly so.--Health system is really good. It forces your party to take breaks from adventuring for fear of permadeath and gets rid of classic ""we've been underground for a month!"" phenomenon.THE BAD:--Healing is at a premium for all classes but one or maybe two. This basically forces you to have a priest on hand. Or a full party of Paladins. It detracts from any sort of party diversity and feels very min-maxy.--As of recent patches, crowd control effects have been nerfed into oblivion. Maybe this is a ""realistic"" choice considering which monsters were buffed, but it makes some classes very uninteresting on some levels and complete garbage on others.THE UGLY:--This game has a lot more ugly for me than it will for others. I'm not trying to start a minor flame war when I say that I think Fallout 4 is a better roleplaying game than Pillars is. You may feel they aren't comprable, but I would disagree. It's a great CRPG, but I will explain later in this section why that isn't enough for me.--Do not get Pillars if you want a coherent story. In the previous incarnation of this review, I stated that it suffers from Clockwork Orange Syndrome; the belief that making up your own language and implementing it willy-nilly is cool, but if you can't execute it properly, it's overwhelming and distracting. That's still true. It gets a little more cohesive later, but it stays pretty murky for quite a while, I felt; far too long for a game that's so hyped up.--The crux of my Dislike: CRPGs often fail to be actual roleplaying games. The problem with MMORPGs, CRPGs, and even some ARPGs, is that they are all about a tidal wave of numbers crashing upon the rocky shore of the coastline of Other Numbers. Your characters will not feel special. Mine certainly never did. I knew nothing about the land I hailed from, I was given a great big bag full of cookie cutter dialogue options to flesh out my character, and nothing I could do made me truly care about him. Because of how foreign and unrelatable the game feels due to its original fantasy setting combined with the absurdly sheer density of lore, I just couldn't penetrate it. Min-maxing is practically a must on any difficulty above the easiest, for you must combat the numbers swarm! That's why they let you hire your own party, it's not to tell any kind of story. Your hirelings might as well be heavily armored, sometimes magically inclined sheep for all the characterization they're allowed.Here's the deal. I'm an avid paper and pencil RPG player. While CRPGs are based off of PPRPGs, they have been corrupted. They are no longer roleplaying games, but rollplaying games. Do you see the difference? In a roleplaying game, character driven story is absolutely the most important aspect. In a rollplaying game, it's all just one big, impersonal clash of the dice titans as math jockeys swing their Holy Avenger +5s around.Pillars of Eternity commits this crime. People complain on and on about Fallout because it doesn't hand them a story about their character; it doesn't force feed it to them. This is why people nowadays like the Witcher games; they have no concept of original, open characters. Not to say that the Witcher games are bad (the first two are), but the point is that I can't play Geralt the way I see him, only a handful of ways in which the developers see him.Fallout 4, to me, is a better roleplaying game because I've played it through three times with characters that were WAY deeper than anything Pillars offered. They weren't deep in the game, but in the only place that mattered: my own head. FO4 exemplifies such an openness for imagination that you can be anything.My first FO4 character started out optimistic and even excited about the chance for a new life and a chance to rebuild the shattered and insane wasteland, but eventually became jaded and nearly suicidally depressed after making some key story decisions later on. My second character was an older man who had married his secretary after knocking her up and didn't ever answer the hero's call, believing that the nightmare of the wasteland was just that: a cryogenically induced lucid dream that let him do almost anything in a playground of violence and nonsense. There were others, but I hope you get the idea. FO4 gives you a tiny bit of backstory, a voice, and that's it. Not that the game doesn't fall flat in a lot of areas, but the freedom to characterize is vastly superior.A true RPG let's you do anything within the reasonable confines of the world. It's a practical sandbox. Pillars forces you into a corner with barely noticable character dialogue. There isn't even a bio screen to write. I'm the kind of player who LOVES Skyrim's journal mod because I would write my characters' thoughts in it.If you skim over this review and decide you don't care about the aspects I've mentioned, I challenge you to tell any kind of significant story with your characters. I doubt it can be done. I don't hear water cooler stories about the imaginative bloom of characters coming to life in Pillars...just of jumbled numbers striking other numbers with their number swords. It's not a bad game mechanically speaking, I just really dislike that Pillars of Eternity doesn't nurture players' imaginations. It, like so many other games, simply placates our wonder while distracting us with admittedly good gameplay."
76561198004151473,Recommended,291650,25290209,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Big Hat Tasty,"Reminiscent of Baldur's Gate or most of your top-down isometric rpg's, whatever is not told to us directly through the dialogue is revealed by exploring the world. The pre-rendered backgrounds and subtle visual effects are fun to look at and the story is rich with lore and tangible language.I would have been more immersed had they added more musical compositions for combat sequences in different areas - instead, they use the same repititive track for every single encounter and it gets pretty old after you've heard it for the hundredth time.Roleplaying games are hard to balance and probably shouldn't be to some degree (because it's fun), and some classes are going to be invaluable compared to other classes. I think all of them are great at fulfilling specific roles; but Priests, Chanters, and Rogues, if you max constitution, can make for a better front-line fighters than Fighters or Barbarians in most cases due to their overwhelming utility. I'm glad to hear that they are making cross-class into a feature in Pillars of Eternity 2."
76561198120397785,Recommended,291650,17629763,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,GG Joe,"I never played an old school RPG like this one so I wasn't sure if I wanted to buy it. I am so glad I took the risk and bought it. This is one of the best games I have played in a long time. As always, Obsidian does an amazing job making their characters interesting and unique. Sometimes when you are walking around, your companions will talk amongst each other, and it is most often a hilarious. One time, the hunter in my group yelled ""son of a moosef**ker!"" and the mage (who is a very civilized man) became nervous due to her language. There are plenty more hilarious enounters that happen everytime I play.If you want the best experience possible, do not look up how to do anything on the internet. If you get stuck in a quest for example, try to figure it out on your own. I know it is tempting to look at a walkthrough, but it will be more satisfying when you figure it out by yourself.I honestly don't have a bad thing to say about this game. I can't recommend it enough."
76561198205619721,Recommended,291650,32583932,Posted: 19 June,all,Kashard,"Having been playing this game since I heard It's the spiritual successor to Balder's Gate. It fully deserves that title.-Companion system  combines Balder's Gate and Ice Wind Dale. Six members in a team and each of them can be a self-build mercenary or a NPC full of stories.Some of these NPCs are rather well designed.-Game mechanic is great. Similar with D&D4E. Tons of spell and diverse warrior's perk await you.-Brilliant storyline. Side quests are fine but not great.-Craft system is powerful. In fact the key to solo is crafting scrolls.Recent review seems terrible. The reason: Paradox increased the price of this game a lot in China without even adding Chinese language. Price of the ultimate collection was increased by 52%. Now it's 2.18 times the price of GTA V. As a Chinese myself, ♥♥♥♥ YOU PARADOX!!!"
76561198029741044,Not Recommended,291650,24770445,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,w0rldturtle,"I can't believe I'm saying this, because I was so ready to love this game, but the game that is essentially meant to be Baldur's Gate III, made 9 years after Baldur's Gate II, fails to be as good as that game. And it isn't because everything seems better when you're younger. There are very specific reasons.Reason #1: You don't have to earn as many things. For example, you can make your own magic items whenever you want, as long as you have some ingredients. You don't even have to be a magic-user. It makes no sense and completely removes the fun of treasure hunting. I used to freaking LOVE hunting through dungeons and final fights not just because of the closure your character gets with that subplot, but to see what cool magical loot you'll find, and which character will find it useful. This has been destroyed. Now finding a magic sword isn't a big deal, because you probably already made a better one. There should never be a situation wherein finding a magic sword is boring. You also get a base in the BEGINNING of the game. Like, a really, really nice one. Like so nice that you can't help but wonder why you don't just retire right then. I remember getting a base in Baldur's Gate II. It was about halfway through the game, so you actually had time to see what it was like without one and imagine how great it would be to have one. Then BOOM, you do a really cool quest and you get one, which was different depending on what class you were. You're a fighter? You get a keep. Your a wizard? You get a cool magic sphere. You're a druid? You get a druid grove. Not in this game. Same one for everybody, right away. Also, you can re-stat your character whenever you want at an inn. Also, you can just make new companions in inns as well and swap them in and out. When a game gives you things instead of making you earn them, you don't appreciate them as much. When it allows you to go back and re-do decisions, it doesn't feel like there's any real consequences to the decisions you make and you stop caring as much about making them. This prevents you from getting really sucked into the game like the previous ones.Reason #2: Weak companions: I really, really hate that they removed the romance aspect of companions. It was a really engaging aspect of Baldur's Gate II that added an extra level to your interactions with your companions. Not in this game, though. In addition to this, I only found two of the companions at all interesting. There are no Minscs or Jan Jansens or Viconias in this game. And these two just weren't able to carry my interest on their own.Reason #3: The combat is not nearly as tactical. You can no longer cast spells outside of combat. And stealth is very different and much more limited. I remember back to Baldur's Gate II when I would stealth a guy, scope things out, summon a couple of elementals, cast my buff spells, take my position near a choke point, then lure the enemy to me and have the fight of my life. In this game you can't do any of that. It makes every fight feel the same and beggs the question WHY NOT? WHY CAN'T I USE MAGIC RIGHT BEFORE A FIGHT? IT DOESN'T MAKE SENSE.All in all, I didn't hate it. It's fine I guess. But that's it... it's just fine. And I'm sorry I kept bringing up Baldur's Gate II so much, but I was amazed at how many steps back this game took from things they already figured out... 9 YEARS AGO."
,Recommended,291650,15783336,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Siegwolde of Ludenbeorg,"Seriously an great game, 8/10I bought this game yesterday and I fell in love with it at the very start. I never played Baldur's gate, but I am a massive RPG and medieval fantasy enthusiest. Anything with swords, castles, knights and magic makes me squeal with delight, and this game is a gods send for someone looking for a new game to get immersed into.For starters the art is absolutely beautiful. It has a really unique and interesting feel to it that I thought I wouldn't enjoy at first, but it compliments the feel and atmosphere of the game very well. The environements are realistic and detailed as well.Where there is voice acting in the game it is good. It doesnt feel like a low budget voice actor who is putting cliche emotion into their characters (see: Lichdom Battle mage). The character creation is quite interesting, giving lore right away about the interesting cultures and combinations of classes available to play.The combat is the only thing I find a little bit lacking because it feels a little bit slow and can get sort of tedious after a while. But what it falls short of in combat it makes up for in content. This game has a massive amount of lore. There are backstories for practically everything, and lots of interesting reading to be done to really immerse yourself into the world of Pillars of Eternity. This is the part that I love the most because in my opinion for a fantasy world to be good, it needs to have a sense of rich lore and immersion. This game does exactly that.If you are like me and a solid 95% of your steam games are fantasy/medieval themed and you love the fantasy genre, buy this game. It is worth every penny and I seriously hope I can find more games that are this rich in lore and history in the future.TL;DR Great fantasy game, worth every penny."
,Recommended,291650,24377973,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,kalpman,"Amazing old school RPG experience, Baldur's Gate-like interface with pros (+) and cons (-)+ Way Better Graphics (detailed).+ Really Interesting Story (Tons of Lore to read).- I would expect more areas to be available, the game even though holds you for 50+ hours, it feels somewhat short.- The ambient music intervals are not that frequent even in the highest possible setting! The music is excellent and worth to be as blended with the gameplay as possible.- Some minor pathfinding issues and other bugs.Buy it without any doubt if you 're a fan of Baldur's gate, otherwise wait for a sale. Can't wait to test the expansions on a better platform"
76561197970753965,Recommended,291650,15720010,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Fuzzba11,"Old school, good times! Lots of choices in this game, the character development is probably my favorite part. Usually you have 4 approaches to situations instead of the usual two (good/evil).There is a lot of reading, there's excellent voice acting, too, but most of the story unfolds through text. You'll be talking to a lot of NPCs and to your teammates along the way, much like Mass Effect, to find out their backgrounds and sometimes what they think about the situation at  hand.The environments are pretty standard fantasy: castle towns, woods, dungeons, caves, but everything seems to have  a history and a place in the world, which gives me a Skyrim or WoW level of immersion. However it's more like a fantasy novel, your imagination does half of the work, there isn't much on-screen but the world feels deep.It's not an easy game, this isn't Diablo, it's like WoW if you controlled a full party all by yourself. You have to manage 6 group members: tank, dps, healing & buffs. Pause to give commands, unpause to watch the action, then pause again to adjust strategy. It can feel slow and difficult, but not painful like Dark Souls. Every fight can pose a challenge, but once you get a full party of 6 you have lots of abilities (maybe too many, I think the priest has about 20-30 spells, split into levels of power, each doing something specific like increasing resist to fear, for example).I run with 2 tanks, 1 priest, 1 wizard, and 2 buff/ranged support. You'll find what works for you and you stick with it! Personally I open with a volley of ranged fire if possible, buff the party, make sure my tanks are in position to intercept, cast AOE in front of the tanks, and then try keep the dangerous enemies knocked over for as much of the fight as possible."
,Recommended,291650,24522434,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Red,"Great gameplay, customization, story, characters, and dialogue! GET THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,291650,35027265,Posted: 17 September,all,Wakisashi,"Recommended, but I feel the ratings are quite high for an role playing game that I feel the story falls short on. I didn't feel engaged with the antagonist, and most the time I had no idea what was going on--other than current quest. Other than you should probably stop this elusive/unknown guy that you saw do something and may have or may not have caused your life to be changed forever.The gameplay and music is fantastic. The options to resolve quests were great--you don't have to fight everything. However, I never felt I was pushed to learn a different approach in combat (on normal difficulty). I know a few other games were relentless in making you approach battles differently. Final boss seemed to be a pushover.This game also suffers from the get the DLC achievements for content you don't own.I certainly recommend veterans of the genre playing it, however, if it's your first, I'd recommend starting elsewhere and coming back if you like the style.Grateful to all the backers that made this possible. It's amazing what has been accomplished. Though, I feel the game should warn you better about Gravestones, and NPC's that are backer related and have nothing to do with the story."
,Recommended,291650,17735614,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Kontaz,Best game in 10 years 10/10
,Recommended,291650,22342801,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,DarthLukan,"Pillars of Eternity is, in my opinion, one of the best RPGs to ever hit the market. The stories are excellent, the environments are beautiful, the music is superb, the effects are gorgeous without being overpowering, the combat system feels natural, the spells and abilities are very easy to understand, and it all works together to bring to life a world of magic, mystery, danger, intrigue, and adventure.One of the things that really struck me was the fact that this game, while definitely appropriate for kids (tweens and teenagers), is so obviously geared toward adults. There's some mature content, but it's not over the top or ""in your face"", it's just the right amount of serious for more mature gamers to enjoy things without feeling like they're taking part in some guilty pleasure.  I am also really impressed with the sheer amount of writing involved in this game. There are storybooks, history books, reference books, journals, and diaries, not to mention the scripted interactions, companion banter, and the unique stories of characters with certain gold nameplates which adds to bringing the world to life.Another thing that I really like is the use of links in the UI. Certain keywords appear similarly to URL tags in web pages, you mouse over those words and you get a tooltip explaining what that word means in context. This makes understanding spells and abilities very easy which makes enjoying the game very accessible to those who are probably not as familiar as some of us when it comes to fantasy RPGs. Kudos to the team at Obsidian for catering to more than hard-core RPG fans.The last thing I'll talk about is the Linux support: It's excellent! After Divinity: Original Sin I felt really disappointed in how Linux support was handled (it came over a year later and only in the ""Enhanced Edition"") and didn't have high hopes for yet another game funded by Kickstarter burning me and other Linux users. I was very happy to be proven wrong by Obsidian, to say the least. I didn't have to do anything special to get the game to run, didn't need to avoid certain graphics settings, none of that. The game just works.I highly recommend this game to anyone who's even the least bit curious about fantasy RPGs and especially to those who are fans of the Baldur's Gate series. If you're a beginner with these types of games, Obsidian's development team thought about you and included a ""Story Time"" difficulty so that you can focus more on the story and less on being punished in combat. There's no excuse, the game isn't ""too hard"" and all of the barriers to understanding how things work in previous games have been considered and fixed in Pillars of Eternity. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,291650,21272154,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,ŋҳ's,"You are from the oldschool, and loved BG, Planetscape or Icewind Dale?This game does not match those legends, but it is the one that get the closest enough since all those years, very close.So yes, it is the best rpg of the new era, just buy and enjoy.Gameplay is immersive and well written, respect DnD rules, and the game is much more enjoyable on higher difficulties. (Recomended at least in Hard mode unless you are not familiar with this kind of game)Some bad aspects would be the lack of consideration for alignements or races, and maybe too few choices on the story, also companions are not all that great and lack of charisma and inteteractions, but you can make all your characters if you do not like them anyway.Well very positive for me, support them, if they make more games, it will definitrly gets better and reach near perfection."
76561198018286858,Recommended,291650,22550040,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,arabus,"Did you like Baldur's Gate?  Icewind Dale?  If you answered yes, then you will like POE.  It's not turn based, but psudeo- realtime combat like the above mentioned series.  Very intuitive UI, with a lot of great features  I wish had been in the Baldur's Gate series.Be warned though, this is not A D&D 2nd/3rd/4th edition.  It's a custom rule set, which does take some getting used too.Overall, I highly reccomend this game."
76561198052604352,Recommended,291650,25586981,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,pacman83,Pillars of Eternity is really a nice old school RPG. I enjoyed it and it reminds me of the BG/Neverwinter/IWD days. The graphics have been updated and there are many possible ways to finish a quest. I'm glad I purchased this game.
76561197972126826,Recommended,291650,25823001,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Junior Castro,Best classic RPG since Baldur's Gate!!
76561198039907497,Recommended,291650,34662654,Posted: 1 September,all,TheOverman,An excellent RPG experience. If you enjoyed games such as Baldurs Gate and Neverwinter Nights then I'd highly recommend.  I especially like being able have your own Castle/Stronghold and upgrading it.
76561198148313257,Recommended,291650,26676462,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,ctwoodyhussar,"Finding an in depth game with story, climax, progression, theme, consequence, mind stimulating fun and, the better qualities of legendary retro games is like finding a needle in a lake these days but, trust me on this one.My fellow picky gamers rejoice we have found some sanctuary in this game."
76561197998264272,Recommended,291650,22986326,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,goffy59,If you like Icewindale/Baldurs Gate I promise you after 135 hours of gameplay and not even done with act 2 (yes I took my time cause I like these types of games) THAT YOU WILL LOVE THIS GAME A GREAT NUMBER OF TIMES MORE THAN THOSE OLD CLASSICS! Job welldone on Obsidian' part. Its a masterpiece.
,Recommended,291650,31392301,Posted: 27 April,all,GodfatherPlunger,"This game is really great if you like RPGsIt has:- a solid story and great sidequests- great balancing with multiple difficulties and a lot of additional options to make it an enjoyable experience for noobs and experienced players !- a good amount of abilities (nearly all of them seem usefull, depending on ur party and the character ofc)- a very detailed character creation and solid char development- fleshed out lore/world- a lot of different dialogue options (based on stats, decisions, race, backround) like a true rpg (looking at you fallout 4, you miserable piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥- nearly zero fetch quests- detailed environment- meaningfull gear- detailed defensive/dmg system and good/strategic combat in generalOnly minor negativ things I can think of are:- world might feel a bit empty- dialogue isn't voiced most of the time, better get used to reading A LOT :P (It is worth it imo ! Don't skip it because u are lazy)-  the start might be a bit overwhelming for people who are new to this kind of  game"
76561197966415510,Recommended,291650,23625962,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Cineater,"Wish they had a neutral review recommendation because honestly thats how I feel about this title. It seems to flirt with greatness but always end up short in the end. The character systems work but thats the problem they simply just work. The writing wavers from very special at portions and then dips to mediocre at other portions but overall the story is solid enough. I just wanted more from this title perhaps better combat systems.Not a bad game, just not great. Now where is that one thumb up one thumb down button.... Not a bad game but it may not be the RPG you're looking for..."
76561198224534500,Not Recommended,291650,32629167,Posted: 21 June,all,illuvatarinvictus85,I wanted to buy this game but this move during summer sale is not accepted
,Not Recommended,291650,15331419,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,camelotcrusade,"I really wanted to like this game, and initially, I did.  I liked the atmosphere it created, especially in the first town (ooh, dark and edgy) and creating my character was interesting and full of possibilities.  But one thing brought it all down for me:  Combat.  I look forward to combat in RPGs and in this game I did not like it at all.  Once the honeymoon of the campaign setting wore off, I kept playing, hoping the sum of its parts would overcome my distaste for the combat.  Sadly, this did not happen for me.Despite how I carefully crafted my characters and selected their spells & abilities, I was not at liberty to use them in everyday encounters... which is where I spent most of my combat time (lots of small encounters).  So I ended up basic attacking (which is boring) through every fight I could, being afraid to expend ""real"" power.  I had a lot of trouble positioning my attacks and abilities.  It made me yearn for proper turn-based combat.  I would carefully indicate what I wanted to happen, but once I unpaused the game my attacks would fire in the wrong place or not as quickly as I had hoped.  The result is that many of my useful abilities ""on paper"" were not easy to use at all.Nevertheless, I liked the music, the story was moderately compelling, and the NPCs were interesting enough... so I pressed on until I had liberated my stronghold, thinking finally, this will tip the balance: I love having a base I get to improve.  And yet, it was not enough.  I still needed to do a lot of combat to make progress, and through clearing the rest of my stronghold I realized I couldn't take the combat anymore.  It's too imprecise compared to true turn-based combat, and rationing my neat abilities may have added to the challenge but it took away what fun was left for me.  If I could have turned on a mode to allow resting and remove resource management, I might have kept playing for the story and the characters (basically trivializing combat, but hey, I didn’t' like it anyway, may as well go for broke).That said, I hope you enjoy the game if you buy it.  It has a lot to like, and just because it wasn't for me doesn't mean it's not for you.  Unfortunately for me, combat is my thing, and this type of combat is not.  :)PS - Why did I have to stealth my entire party to search a room?  I felt like an idiot stealthing in front of people so I could ""search"" their room.  I think search and stealth should be separate actions.  That was my only nitpick worth mentioning, though, which is a good thing.Edit: Typos fixed.Edit 2: Well what do you know, it's not just me.  ;)http://www.pcgamer.com/why-i-hate-pausable-real-time-rpg-combat"
,Recommended,291650,15108947,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,kochavaree,หลังจากเล่นไป 30 ชม.ได้ ตอนนี้ก็พอซึมซับวิธีการเล่นมาพอสมควรแล้ว ขอบอกว่านี่คือเกม RPG แบบ old school ที่เจ็งที่สุดในยุคนี้ ทั้งการที่มีเผ่าและ class ให้เลือกมากมาย มีระดับความยากให้ปรับตามใจชอบ เอาใจคนซาดิสกับโหมด Iron manโดยเกมนี้หลักๆก็คือ เราสร้างตัวละครขึ้นมาโดยเลือก เผ่าและ class ตามใจชอบ โดยแต่ละเผ่า ก็จะมีความสามารถไม่เหมือนกัน โดยเราสามารถที่จะมีเพื่อนร่วมเดินทางได้ทั้งหมด 6 คน ไม่นับ Ranger ที่มีคู่หูอีก 1 ตัว และไม่นับ skill จาก chanter ที่สามรถเรียก skeleton มาช่วยสู้ได้อีก 3 ตัว ในเกมยังมีฉากแบบเล่าเนื้อเรื่องและตอบคำถามไปในตัวเพื่อที่จะผ่านไปยังห้องลับด้วยใครที่ชอบเกม RPG D&D อยู่แล้วไม่ควรพลาดเกมนี้ด้วยประการทั้งปวง นี่คือผลงานชิ้นโบว์แดงของ Obsidian อีก 1 ชิ้น10/10-รอมานานกับสุดยอด RPG ทำให้ย้อนกลับไปวันวานเมื่อครั้งยุครุ่งเรืองของ Bulder gateRacesAumaua • Dwarf • Elf • Godlike • Human • OrlanClassesBarbarian • Chanter • Cipher • Druid • Fighter • Monk • Paladin • Priest • Ranger • Rogue • Wizard
76561198017792066,Not Recommended,291650,19152827,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Terrainosaur,"Pillars of Eternity has a nasty tone. I regret buying it. I played it for a couple hours and struggled to find anything likeable about it. Now, I've played Divinity: Original Sin, Baldur's Gate and many other isometric fantasy games so I *wanted* to like this.The opening story is a railroad. I saved some NPCs' lives but they got auto-killed by ""the plot"".Then I had to start over because my mage couldn't survive fights alone.Once I got into town, an NPC forced me to get involved in a fight with town drunks that he instigated. No matter what I said, the fight started anyway so I was forced to kill them. Nobody noticed the random murder of three helpless drunks in the town square, especially since once you loot them, the bodies disappear.Of course you can go around opening and looting objects that clearly aren't your own. Nobody cares about theft in broad daylight.So if you want your choices to be meaningless, and you want to murder innocents and steal, this game is just for you."
,Recommended,291650,15286083,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,UncleGamer,"Over the years the RPG on computers has evolved into something that is a hybrid of FPS/Third Person with an RPG element. Even FPS and Third Person games have begun this transformation taking on RPG elements.Pillars of Eternity is a step back to the pure essence of the early forays of the RPG world into the computer. It takes some of the tech advancementsa we have seen and combines it with the classic style and game play of the early days of computer RPGs.Gone is the twitch gamer mentality that has so invaded the RPG world and in it's place is the slow, methodical game play that drew you into a story. This is a game that will not impress you with eye candy and glitz, it is more than skin deep.If you love RPGs and loved the classic RPGs beofre they tried to become FPS, then you will love this game."
76561198097093162,Not Recommended,291650,19644298,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Tjerk,"I've been playing the old isomorphic D&D RPG's like Baldur's Gate (EE) again recently, and compared to Pillars, they still are way superior.It comes down to world building, basically. In the old D&D RPG's, you'd have hundreds upon hundres of NPC's you could talk to and would have funny conversations or possible side quests leading into other side quests; and so on and so forth. That made the world seem real and created an immersive experience.In Pillars however, the number of NPC's who will actually interact with the player are so limited, you're reminded all the time you're playing a game. Same with maps. They're so repetitive and foes are so predictably scattered, it's signaling all the time: 'You're playing a computer game'.Not immersive; boring. If you're looking for this type of game, go play Baldur's Gate I & II or Icewind Dale. They're vastly superior."
76561198048527305,Not Recommended,291650,23868008,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Tr00he,"It is not bad, but it is so horribly mediocre.Obsidian could have done so much better, especially as they have experience with choice&consequence mechanics, did Neverwinter Nights 2, Fallout: New Vegas and Alpha Protocol (which I highly recommend - an underrated gem).But PoE is their first game that I really cannot enjoy. Why? Because after the very nice character creation and the tutorial the game destroys its atmosphere directly after arriving in the first village.- Boring party members. Boring backstory, no romancing, no depth.- Poor quest design - you get too little information during your quest and cannot ask enough questions, or you cannot select the option that you would expect to solve the corresponding issue. This makes your decisions totally random and unsatisfying.- Some people or factions are obviously evil, you have more than significant proof against them - and nobody cares.- You can be a death Godlike which is usually killed directly after birth as it is a bad sign or sth like that - but nobody makes you feel it. You expect a world with problems, racism, corruption and in the description it is there. But when you play, you don't feel it at all.- Why so many blobs, spiders, elemental fogs or little lizard warriors to kill? Most enemies are horribly boring.- Was it really necessary to put dozens or even hundreds of unnecessary kickstarter backer-inspired characters into the game, which totally break the atmosphere? The story (which doesn't flow well) basically announces a dark adventure, but you find places with lots colourfully styled NPCs... which have no purpose at all. They are just there and destroy the feeling.- The game world doesn't breath as almost nobody cares about your reputation or race. Other games told so much more about individual problems, social topics (racism etc.) and political issues.You find examples for wasted potential everywhere in the game. It feels like a spiritual successor of Baldur's Gate 1, leaving out every innovation or good example in quest design and story telling of the last 17 years.You can make a retro RPG, yes. But is it wise to leave out all the good ideas that Baldur's Gate 2, Dragon Age: Origins, Mass Effect or the Witcher series gave is in the last years? I don't think so.I'd rate this 5/10 if you play it in English, but only 4/10 if you play in German.The German translation is the worst I've seen in 20 years of gaming - a real insult towards my native language. Did those people even know that they were translating a fantasy RPG, or a computer game at all? There are weird mistakes in every sentence, words left out, wrong translations, incorrect formal speech, wrong formulations in the context... You get the strong feeling that the translator(s) had no idea at all about what they were doing."
76561198017976892,Not Recommended,291650,19753501,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Taladar,"Baldur's Gate I and II and Planescape Torment are among my favorite games of all time, Icewind Dale was not great but still a lot better than this.The world feels very lifeless, the first town is full of completely unconnected NPC background stories and nobody other than a few quest givers to talk to.The party system is badly balanced as choosing a class that can't survive and fight on its own makes fights much harder than they would probably be otherwise (in my case I picked a priest). This is compounded by the fact that there is a limit to how often you can rest with the available supplies.There is a lot of lore and system information to remember but the explanatory popups work only in some of the places where e.g. the names of gods or skills appear.Most of the areas I visited so far are just your regular old wilderness spot with evenly spaced enemies and a few plants to collect, making for a very boring gameplay.If you are thinking of buying this game because you enjoyed the old Infinity Engine games I would strongly recommend against it. It is nothing like them and does not make up for it for having either particularly strong writing or engaging combat."
,Not Recommended,291650,18386885,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,VonCurry,"UNINTERESTING STORY - NEEDS MORE NPCS/LIFE - GREAT GRAPHICS - FUN FIGHTSI'm a fan of the Baldur's Gate series (Greatest game and story of all time) and to make this short, if you like RPGs you might enjoy this one though it's not nearly as good as the Baldur's Gate games (which is the standard I measure these games to).It needs a better story, I first tried playing this game when it released and was confused and lost, then after trying again I've now found myself skipping dialogue (something I normally don't do with these games) because the story isn't very interesting.. I don't have the urge to push on, I just kinda play it..Needs more life... Most of the NPCs are flavor text or just there to make cities and villages look alive...I want more side quests, or random dialouge like in the Baldur's Gate games...The soul stories are even less interesting than the story.Combat is good, and fun though it takes some adapting to if you're used to the D&D style games and rules.Graphics are amazing.If you like RPGs, buy it. Obsidian needs to make a better story for the next game however and build on what they've done successfully here."
,Recommended,291650,15107328,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Spike,"Best thing happened to RPG genre in a long time. Worth every cent.I'm 40 hours in and still in ACT 2. Best thing is that almost every quest got different ways of completion, but theres no good/bad ways they are just different. I sit at work waiting for evening to continue my playthrough - almost forgotten feeling when you are old enough to have family.OK. Now I'm 100 hours in and almost completed game. One last fight against Taos.Pros- Well-made story- Old-school gameplay- Beatiful isometric graphics- Nice tunesCons- Little unbalanced (druids easily kick any a$$)- 12 level cap (reached it in act 2)- Too much money that nowhere to spendHope Obsidian expand this universe. Really would like to play sequel. Day 1 buy - no regret."
76561198052383167,Not Recommended,291650,33155981,Posted: 2 July,all,KILLALLROBOTS!,"I absolutely love this game and the developers, but Paradox has gone too ♥♥♥♥ing far."
76561198002125790,Not Recommended,291650,18451313,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Skid,"My opinion is kinda split on this one. the one hand the writing is compelling, the character and party options are staggering, the art is pretty, the quest solution options are plentiful, and the dungeons have a decent variety of traps and secrets.However, there are some issues that dragged down my enjoyment of the game.  Melee is based around ""engagements"" where a melee unit gets a free attack if an enemy tries to retreat from it. However, this also applies if the enemy tries to shift at all.  This is... problematic in the narrow corridors and dungeons that make up half of the combat arenas, with maybe one or two of your units clogging a doorway that could fit four if engagment allowed shifting of positions.  I now loathe this mechanic, which could be fixed by simply allowing units to slide around each other without breaking engagement.The interface is muddy at best.  Battles are obscured behind a cloud of muddy particle effects that don't settle until one or the other side is dead, leaving you looking at a cluster of indistinguishable green and red circles and imagining the epic battle that must be going on under the looney-tunes cloud of dust.I'm a fan of taking tactical advantage of terrain in a fight, and this game did nothing to scratch that itch.  Different dungeons are tactically interchangable.  I was particularly disappointed by several abilites with strong pushback being thwarted by the fact that every deadly cliff and pit of acid is guarded by an invisible wall.  After a while I found myself using the exact same opening combo of brute-force abilties to defeat mooks and bosses alike, leaving the majority of my characters' talents unused.I wish I could recommend it wholeheartedly.  But I'm not sure slogging through another dozen fights to catch the story are worth it.`"
76561198030892314,Not Recommended,291650,33123663,Posted: 2 July,all,sorebikr,"While the game is excellent, the negative reviews may ultimately impact the CEO and his, terrible tone deaf approach to business. Growing a company to a certain employee count doesn't mean you should stop listening. I mean, do what you want, it's your party."
,Not Recommended,291650,24586701,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,DragynDance,"It's a role playing game that stomps out any sort of role playing or fun.  It's all about meta gaming and ignoring the poorly thought out game mechanics.  All the best stuff or stuff that even works, involves doing something boring, like playing 4-6 characters all of the same class.  You go on any forum full of veteran players and ask them what the best party comp is, and it'll be something stupid like 6 rangers, or 2 fighters and 4 rangers.  Or other asshattery.  There are tanking classes and builds, but they're worthless in every sense, pretty much just wasting a party slot with an otherwise gimped character.  When I beat path of the damned dificulty, the games hardest, I didn't even use a tank.  But my roleplay party that I wanted to do for fun with my own characters in a 3 man party can't even beat normal because I brought a tank.  The way ""tanking"" works, is by a poorly done ""engagement"" mechanic.  It works a bit like attacks of opportunity in D&D, your tank, with talents that allow them to engage more then one enemy, runs up and engages the group of enemies, discouraging them from just running by and attacking your squishy DPS characters. EXCEPT THEY DO ANYWAY.  Because all you get for disengaging, is a free attack from the character who is engaging.  So basically, the tank lovetaps them with whatever pathetic amount of damage and whatever worthless one handed weapon you put on them and probably misses or grazes due to their pathetic accuracy because of all the armor and lack of perception.  I put all the talents I could for engagement on my tank, ran up to aggro a group of six mobs, AND ONLY ONE OF THEM STAYED BEHIND TO FIGHT THE TANK.  All the rest of them just filed past, each taking one engagement free hit for♥♥♥♥♥♥damage and just running to my backline.  So the only way to properly tank, is to use funnels and corridors that are only one body wide, or use two tanks in wider corridors, which makes the whole engagement mechanic useless anyway, because you're physically blocking them from going past.  When Pillars of Eternity 2 comes out, I really hope they rethink disengagement, because the whole mechanic is just terrible.  A free hit is nothing, even if you have to disengage from a DPS.  The AI knows this, and abuses the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it, especially on your tank.  There needs to be a talent that causes disengagement hits to have a large chance to knockdown, daze, something, even just remove it entirely would be better and rely on positioning for tanking, because an engaged tank is a tank that can't reposition without getting melted by six free hits just by stepping slightly to the left.  Because as it is right now, it's pretty much use all fighters, or use no fighters.  The strongest party compositions are ones packed full of multiple amounts of one or two diferent classes, rather then a mix.  And I find this infuriatingly boring.I've been told a lot that the solution is to just trim the dificulty down, but it's just extremely unsatisfying when you do.  Like, there might as well only be 3 dificulties.  Easy, Normal, and Path of the Damned.  There are two other dificulties that I honestly could not tell the diference between.  Story, which is supposed to be easier then easy, but I sure couldn't notice.  Hard, which is supposed to be harder then normal, but again I couldn't notice.  The gap between easy and normal is utterly ridiculous.  In normal, an encounter would be like one or two boss mobs, with 4-6 minions with him.  In easy, the same encounter would be just one or two regular mobs.  Thats a HUGE diference.  A ridiculous diference.  You couldn't make anything between that?Don't get me wrong, I still like the game and what it's trying to do.  I bought it on gog, and then on steam when it was on sale with the white march expansion, but I'm really hoping that they see stuff like this and fix it for the sequel.  There's just nothing satisfying from watching your unique self made characters of a variety of classes, builds, backstorys that you roleplay out get destroyed, only to finally break down and reroll something stupid like 6 rangers, and boringly and utterly roflstomp the game in the hardest dificulty."
,Recommended,291650,15344607,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,haplo187,There hasnt been a game that captures the magic of the old infinity engine games like this....ever...Its awesome.
,Recommended,291650,15571430,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Metzge,"The full review can be found onStart 2 Continue.Excerpt:I will admit, I was but a wee lad when Baldur’s Gate first came out back in 1998. I watched my father play it and gave it a try myself (as good as a six-year-old could, at least) and I remember being so enraptured by the story and universe. Aside from the lore of Warcraft, it was Baldur’s Gate that helped shape my understanding of high fantasy--not Lord of the Rings, as many people seem surprised by.Since then, the original developers of Baldur’s Gate have shuffled around the past few years, some of them sticking together, others branching out on their own projects, though it seems to be common to equate Obsidian Entertainment as the most direct successor of the original Black Isle Studios. Obsidian’s known for some pretty high profile stuff in recent years: South Park: The Stick of Truth; Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II; Fallout: New Vegas (and, in a past life, the original two Fallout games), among others....I definitely recommend Pillars of Eternity to any and all gamers, especially those who have been yearning for an RPG like the good ol’ days. Though it was made with a target audience in mind, the fact that this game is easily one of the best games of 2015 thus far, but its achievements and what it represents for Kickstarter projects, crowdfunding, and honoring quality and the passion of game development, as well as the amount of power we gamers have, keeping Obsidian afloat in what seemed to be a last ditch fundraising effort… this is one for the history books.I’d be so bold as to say that Pillars of Eternity is the cRPG equivalent to Skyrim: it exhibits mastery, charm, and a standard of excellence that ought to make Obsidian proud, and that other developers should strive for."
76561198037652137,Recommended,291650,23775010,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,BobombNik,"What a great game.The look and feel of this game is in the style of some of the classic cRPGs like Baldur's Gate. Pillars of Eternity has a rich story, good character creation, and excellently written dialogue. In addition, a very large portion of the dialogue is voiced and voiced well.If you enjoy RPG style games, this is not going to disappoint."
,Recommended,291650,20882708,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,wastedxlife,"Good:+ Engaging story. I even read some of the in-game books, unlike in Elder Scrolls games.+ Fantastic companion voice dialog.+ Morally ambiguous decisions and factions.+ It's stable. I've had it crash on me once in 45+ hours of play.+ Just an addictive and rewarding play experience.+ Lots of game for your money. I'm 45 hours in, and estimate that I'm less than halfway done. And there are chacter classes I haven't even tried yet.Bad:- Terrible framerates and loading times.- Not enough graphics settings.- Not nearly enough variability in terms of character and gear appearence.- NPCs don't feel real, They don't follow daily routines, just stand in the same place forever.- Obnoxious kickstarter-related content.- Your party members will sometimes get stuck or wander away from battles at the worst times.Overall, it's a very good game that could be made into an excellent game if more work is put into optimization. This is 2016, I shouldn't need to sit through a 15 second loading screen just to enter a one-room hut, and then again when I exit. And a system that can run Skyrim smoothly shouldn't struggle to achieve 30fps with this game. I'm hoping for a good optimization patch. There should also be an option to disable kickstarter content, because the game world is infested with NPCs that can't talk, and tombstones with immersion-destroying text. With all it's flaws, though, I still think it's fun as hell."
,Recommended,291650,27062189,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Doomshlang,"If you're a fan of isometric RPGs, this is a must-have.That being said, if you aren't a fan of Iso-RPGs, or you don't know enough about them - this is an excellent game to start the genre with. It's not as brutal as Baldur's Gate straight out the door, unless you want it to be brutal as hell. The difficulty customization is extensive as all hell, from generic difficulties to Iron Man to even more customizations in expert mode settings. You can set the game up as hard as you want, and the actual in-game customization options are intuitive for new players as well.An excellent addition to the Iso-RPG genre, and I hope we get even more!"
,Recommended,291650,15609176,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,arga warga,"First I was rather reluctant to like this game: As a huge fan of the ""Baldur's Gate""-Series, the game somewhat lured me into loving it before I’ve even played a minute. That circumstance somewhat triggered an instant reflex of resistance within me. But then I started playing and just love ""Pillars of Eternity"". It's the ""Baldur's Gate 3"" that never happened and much more, features multiple ways how to solve a quest, heck, there is no best way how to play, there is just one of many ways. So: love it. I’m glad the makers made it happen and that they developed a world of their own. Although I dearly miss Minsc and Boo."
,Recommended,291650,15687418,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Komutan,"This game literally deserves every single penny you spend on it. A top-notch classical isometric RPG for dinosaur role-players. Just buy it, dammit!"
,Recommended,291650,15637031,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Bearded Dad,"I'm not typically one for top down RPG's nor am I a fan of squad or party managment. But I have to give it to the kickstarter community on this one. I freaking love this game. I'm playing on easy expert and I don't really know what I'm doing at this point. However the reason I love this game so much is because it's not about getting to the end, grinding, or blindly rushing into fights. It is instead an adventure at the core. I stealth around dungeons because I don't know whats waiting. I cautiously talk to npc's read through the text and lore looking for clues. I really feel like its an adventure and not just something to waste my time at. I'm driven by the unkown in this game. The mystery and the oh so amazing sketch's and text when doing actions. My imagination is being driven wild and I love every moment of it.In summary if you enjoy challenge, and adventure than this game is for you."
76561197961760371,Recommended,291650,20282901,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,CrAzY P,One of the best RPGs I have ever played. Definitely recommend this one.
76561198001648083,Recommended,291650,20279383,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Boristhespider,"If you liked the old CRPG's like baldur's gate or planescape: torment, then this game will not disappoint."
76561198103709685,Recommended,291650,20627188,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,ubijcsa1,450 hours of character creation.Best oldschool rpg atm!
76561198017271765,Recommended,291650,23916771,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Big Pauly,"Outstanding Game It just timewarped me bck to the Late 90's When REAL Games werent all Graphics and Explostions and mindless droning for Kill counts,Superb WorkI rate it 10 of 10 !"
,Recommended,291650,33939012,Posted: 31 July,all,CatDad500,A game that will make you enjoy RPGs again. Slow paced singleplayer epic with choices you will care about. The main villain could have been better for sure. The mechanics could have been explained better or more fluidly. But for all its faults this ranks as my second favorite RPG behind the WItcher 3.
,Recommended,291650,22917701,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,seeyainhell,"A bit confusing at the start, but catching up with good old Baldur's Gate!More dungeon crawling than I'd personally like, though: it feels like BG had more open space to explore :)This game poses some decent challenge, especially with difficulty sliders turned up and UI help disabled, but mostly it's enemy numbers, which makes the game a bit boring when it comes to your 50th encounter.Some of your decisions do backlash you a few steps further in game, which might be just that extra kick that leaves you to wonder, should you have taken a different path? Worth replaying with a different style!"
76561197991161543,Recommended,291650,20645017,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Shai is a balalayka!,"Эта игра очень сильно напоминает классические РПГ в духе Icewind Dale, Baldur's Gate, Temple Of Elemental Evil. Механика это ""переосмысленный"" DnD, сеттинг это фентези с собственным лором и ""переосмысленными"" рассами. Сюжет на пятерочку, очень напомнило NWN2: Mask Of Betrayer (хочу отметить NWN2 сам по себе шлак, аддоны там хороши). Хватило на 5 дней подрад.Графен - завезли, изометрия годная, анимация приятна глазу.Диалоги - интересны содержанием, но не разнообразием (линейны, но в процессе можно проявить некое подобие характера).Боевка - норм, к сожалению раскаста нет, бафы по этой причине почти бесполезныКвесты - много, они разнообразны и интересны.Вещи и крафт - норм"
,Recommended,291650,20402576,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,FDG,"This game is an overall masterpiece, and here's why.My dad got me into Baldurs Gate about 3 or so years ago. I couldn't complete the first one cuz of FRAKING SAREVOK BEING TO HARD M8 PLOX NERF!!!But anyway, this game is made by the same developers as Baldurs Gate, Obsidian Entertainment.These guys are geniuses. The way they put together these worlds and the lore behind them is very well done. Speaking of lore, just like the Elder Scrolls Games, there are a whole crap ton of lore books if you wanna read them (for all you lore nerds).ALSO YOU GET TO ACTUALLY CREATE YOUR PARTY MEMBERS THROUGH A HIRING SYSTEM AND I FRAKING LOVE IT!!!!The story gets more and more interesting as it goes on. I don't want to spoil more so you are just gonna get out your wallet if you want more of the story.No not to buy the game, to pay me you dipstick.But seriously, great game, good character design, story is muy gooderino, worth the 30 bucks I payed for it (it was on sale lol)"
,Recommended,291650,18326902,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Emperion Dynasty Cats,9/10good RPG
76561197979428492,Recommended,291650,17718852,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Anathema,"All I can really say for this is that it brought me back to my youth. Baulder's Gate was one of my favorite games growing up and this was like the ghost of that game coming back, possessing a younger dude and being the most knowledgable stud in town.More quality RPG games like this should be released, it was complete, it had interesting plot, unique world setting, vivid characters who had some pretty hilarious interactions, and it was a good length to boot! This is what all RPGs should be. Give me moar."
76561198047383879,Recommended,291650,20280766,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Shortguy,"Epic story. Epic music. Epic lore. Epic interactions. Epic characters. Epic voices. Epic choices. Epic stats, Every detail actually matters in a game! This game is just epic and well worth the eternity of fun you will find."
76561198026913459,Recommended,291650,15208903,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,troublmaker,"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1HRSzU5EjEIf you want to tell people that you played Baldur's Gate growing up there's no better way to fulfill that lie by playing a game like Baldur's Gate first.  No this is not Diablo light.  That would be Torchlight 2, which some would argue has now made Diablo 3 into Torchlight Light.  This is a game that is going to be closer to Fallout/Skyrim than it is going to be to Diablo.In it you control a party of heroes with a fully customizable adventure from what missions you choose, what results you pick, dialogue that effects how people interact with you, fully customizable 6-member party, fully customizable classes and simple and intuitive controls.The game is not beautiful.  I'm certain this game isn't even in HD.  But that shouldn't dissuade you from giving this mentally handicapped game a try, it's a lot of fun.ARE YOU INTO CRAFTING?  Yes, it has crafting.  And much like similar titles you gain experience through just about every single thing you do (except for walking because that would be really dumb).  Unlocked a door, awesome level up.  Better put more points in that door unlocking so I can get more experience from unlocking doors!It is truly a choose your own adventure game that you can play many many times with differing results.  In my first playthrough I played the role of the warmonger running around sweeping down enemies.  In my second playthrough I'm peacefully moving around looking for middle ground solutions to resolve everyone's issues.The biggest downside to the game is that you can't 100% it.  Apparently simply buying it doesn't mean you support the game.  Apparently only people who contributed to the initial kickstarter campaign are allowed to 100% the game.  Other than that (which seriously developers go ♥♥♥♥ yourself) the game is amazing."
,Recommended,291650,28265533,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Freaky Ollie,"Overall speaking, I would say this game really inherits the core of Black Isle, which reminds me of the old days when I first played Baldur's Gate in dad's PC with English dictionary in my hand, trying to understandevery word in that game.However, this happened again 16 years later. Even though I have been learning English for 10 years, studied and worked in Australia for 4 years, this game is still very hard for me. The elusive words and expatiatory conversations really pis sed me off. I spent 6hrs in this game, with 3hrs in the character building, trying to figure out the character building system. It became more difficult when I finally finshed selecting the background, building my character and entering into the game. You have to read every word to find the key to the quest. It shows attractiveness only when you are native English speaker! But you need to know, there are other 3 billion people who do not speak or even know nohing about this langugae! As far as I know, in my homeland--China, there are thousands of people who are interested in this kind of classic RPGs, most of whom cannot read in English. Some unoffical groups (such as the Ring of Wonder) are trying their best to convert those RPGs into Chinese. However, with insufficient money and personnel, generally it would take one or two years to translate. And when the Chinese version is finally ready, some game are not availabe any more. Therefore, many players have to downlad pirated games.Here, as an old fan of classic RPGs who give high rate for this game, I suggest that you should add the Chinese Languge for this game. I am pretty sure that the some Chinese translation groups (the Ring of Wonder as I mentioned above) will be very pleased to accept this job.Chinese market is a large piece of cake, hoping you not lose it."
76561198007248185,Recommended,291650,23684427,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Antee9116,"To anyone wanting to get into the CRPG genre, then I can completely recommend this game. I grew up with RPG's in the vain of Skyrim and the modern Fallout's and while these were good games, there was something missing from the experience. I felt this most acutely from Fallout 4, where many of the key role-playing aspects and the impact of your choices in the world felt incredibly limited. Seeking out a more true role-playing experience, I decided to give Pillars of Eternity a go, despite having never played a game in the CRPG genre. I'm very happy I did. This game offers you a great story, an original world, interesting characters, fun quests, Obsidian's brilliant writing and impactful choices. The combat is a bit clunky in places, but it didn't come close to ruining the experience for me. If you want to experience a true RPG, then look no further than Pillars of Eternity."
,Recommended,291650,21397365,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,hulala,"I want chinese lang,i can't feel happy without read the obscure en txt while playing the game"
76561198083007379,Recommended,291650,21417371,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,wtfpoppa,"I don't consider myself a person who easily identifies with some pre-phrased choices given to me by the authors of an artificially constructed phantasy. I'm a person of science, never were a believer, and I certainly don't put a lot of value in certainty. Yet this game, with its story about belief, certainty and purpose manages to put tears into my eyes because during its final moments I'm suddenly overwhelmed by this sensation of being understood, because among all the fixed categories I'm given the option to deny categorism. Because while I'm making these choices, my faith in not putting blind faith into authorities is actually being tested. This is a game that has put questions into my mind, and I daresay I normally have very straight answers to the wannabe-challenging issues raised by people with a philosophical agenda. Given this dimension of storytelling, it should be obvious that this game is a literary work with a deep relevance to the questions of our time, and the fact that I can actually discuss it on this level makes it one of the most impressive games ever made. That said, you obviously have to be willing to deal with the game on some kind of intellectual level to be able to enjoy these things. I'm not even talking about technicalities like mechanics or graphics, which are also great btw."
76561197961098939,Recommended,291650,15618151,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Edward Howton,"A game made perfect by the dedication of those involved with it and the support of fans. The writing alone sets it apart, as it doesn't ever feel any need to pander to tired clichés or cater to the whims of ignorant marketing departments. It will surprise you. It will shock you. It will build you up and then knock you down, and you will never see it coming. It will give you triumph, and snatch it away, because a true story is never quite so simple as that.Are you still reading this? You should be playing this game for yourself.  What are you waiting for?It's not entirely without its flaws, as there are some bugs and other issues that mar it, but honestly, it's better than any triple-A title you could name in every way, shape, or form. You're still reading. Why?"
76561198052449251,Recommended,291650,35106955,Posted: 21 September,all,ichimanju,"Fantastic game. I was originally intimidated by tactical rpg's, but this and Divinity have changed my mind.The first 2 hours of Eternity, I thought, hm, okay.By 10 hours I was really into it.At 20 hours, I went to Obisidian's site and became a backer for Pillars 2.The story and characters draw you in, combat can be customized to any level of difficulty, the environments are drop dead gorgeous. It just made me want to keep playing and I actually like the combat, although it's totally different from Divinity's approach. The anatagonist is very intriquing and you can almost sympathize with him, as he is a complex character. Also, the main character, the Watcher has some shades of secret background that you can shape to some extent and will, apparently carry over into the sequel.Can't wait for Pillars 2!"
,Recommended,291650,35251710,Posted: 27 September,all,El Sacco,"As someone who had never played an Infinity Engine game before Pillars, but has a real passion for fantasy/RPG games, this was a wholly refreshing experience. Customisation is deep, the story is absorbing and gameplay is easy to pickup and complex to master.As an avid reader, I loved the text-heavy style and choose-your-own-adventure book sections - real D&D geekery and a game that requires you to use your imagination. For me, I could imagine my character asking things in a certain way or see areas come to life in my mind beyond their virtual on-screen portrayal. This won't be for everyone, but it made for a nice change compared to standard RPGs where everything is laid out in front of you, like Dragon Age or The Witcher.I thoroughly enjoyed the whole experience, including the expansion, however I do feel the expansion was somewhat unecessary filler. At times I felt there was almost too much content - for someone like myself whose time is limited I would've preferred the stock game without the expansion. Saying that, this was a highly rewarding and captivating experience, and I can't wait to see what adventures await my party next in Pillars 2: Deadfire."
,Recommended,291650,15159001,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Skipp,"I know I just scratched the surface so far but... holy crap is this game awesome! The look is just gorgeous and it takes you back to the younger days of PC gaming where the games were hand drawn and they had ""a soul"" (no pun intended). The gameplay is just right - meaning it IS hard and you will be punished for blindly running into the fights. However, it's not as clunky as the fights in Baldur's gate were, and having the fights in real time instead of turn-based makes it even better.Pausing the fight is a must and there's no way you can kill anything in a group larger than 2 without some tactics. Especially in tight areas or smaller rooms where you can't fit your whole party. There's a decent number of side-quests and lore, as well as side-characters that have their own stories to discover. The only remark I have are the long loading screens you encounter when you leave/enter each zone. But it's not a big deal.If you consider yourself a RPG lover, and you want a huge nostalgia fix at the same time, just stop reading this already and get the game."
,Recommended,291650,17984141,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Velihopea,"Excellent successor to Baldurs Gate. Took me nearly 80 hours to finish (with White March) and I don't claim to have done all the sidequests.Pros:- Atmosphere, story, art- Usually (in sidequests) there is no clear 'evil' or 'good' which side you can take. For example: Animancy is the study of spirits. Animancers try to find the cure to the disease that plaque Dyrwood. But it is also very close to necromancy. When do the deeds they make to further the study into the disease get 'evil'?- Black & White text- based scenes- Weapon enchanting, crafting from the loot/herbs- New ruleset (non D&D). Especially differentation of endurance from health is great idea!- StrongholdCons:- Loading times between maps are quite long (2.01)- New rule set (non D&D). Takes some time to get into. To see what attributes matter to what classes etc etc. Gladly the White March expansion lets you rebuild your character- Stronghold. Could have had something more to make the place livelier.Also could have some better indicator which map/dungeon is for which level characters. Got stomped a few times when venturing forth to a wrong area at a wrong time (especially in WM dlc)Rating: 9.5"
,Recommended,291650,23518530,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Copet,"I'm still working through this game after about a year now. I really like the engine, most of the lore, and a lot of the interactions in the game including character development, text based challenges, etc. The thing that really holds this game back is the horrid combat.Perhaps it is more accurate to call it a spiritual successor to Torment than to Baldur's Gate games, as the combat is just in the way of everything else. The pace is ridiculous, you can't tell what is going on half the time, the spells are all random combinations of any of 20 friggin' status effects (do we really need stuck, dazed, prone, stunned, and paralyze to be separate things?). On top of that, you can't even prepare for battle beforehand, which was one of the most important aspects of Baldur's Gate. Honestly, what is the point of stealth if you can't scope out the area beforehand and then buff?Finally, the enemies, while beautiful, are irritating as hell. No matter how hard you try to prepare and protect your squishies, they can literally teleport on top of them OR teleport them to themselves without any way to stop them. Also, there are enemies that literally stun with every hit, which permastuns anyone they attack. I can't comprehend that the developers actually played through their own game and found combat fun.I really hope they slow down the pace of combat, allow preparation, and generally make it more like Baldur's Gate combat if they decide to make another game. And FFS, allow coop.I would only recommend this game if you are the biggest CRPG fan out there, and even then it will disappoint you with some of the design choices."
,Recommended,291650,15094087,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Fablewynd,"The beauty of this game is not measured in its engaging and engrossing gameplay. Not measured in its old-school, yet wonderfully painterly visuals. Not measured in its thoughtful and expansive story and writing.The beauty is that publishers the world over said a game in this style, inspired by the Infinity Engine, would not be successful, and they were proved wrong."
76561197968308899,Recommended,291650,29526492,Posted: 27 January,all,Senor de la BoBo,"If you appreciate old school games like Baldur's Gate or interested to try something different then the typical RPG out there with a bit more depth in the lore and combat then the average game, give PoE a try.  The third act is a bit weak and the crafting system definitely could be better but overall a really good game.9/10"
,Not Recommended,291650,28335662,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,DynamiteKnight,"I find myself in a difficult position in not recommending as I had a lot of fun with PoE, as proved by the 100+ hours of my game time (Although the 100+ hours is split between actual playthrough, leaving it paused in the middle of a fight to do errands, and hours that I fell asleep while playing leaving it running till dawn which happened a lot with this game).The world building was top notch. Combat was okay (I would fall asleep in the middle of some of them). Characters were unremarkable. I also found the ""soul scrye"" feature, where you see a scene with each npc you encounter, a mere gimmick to create content that does not add to the meat of the story. One will notice how the quality of writing for them varies. Some are terribly written, as if taken from a  fantasy B movie, and some rare ones are unforgettable gems. If I got it right, it's because they were written by those who participated in the Kickstarter pledge. They don't add to the story and I found them to be a complete waste of time. My 100+ hours would have been greatly shortened had I skipped going through them altogether.One of my biggest problems as well was the story. I found the plot twist and resolution an off tangent from the direction being established in the beginning. Like that guy who's trying to be deep but ends up talking nonsense, although nonsense said with beautiful words.I finished it then instantly forgot about it, even with my 100+ hours. Unfortunately, PoE did not carry the same presence that its predecessor (Baldurs Gate) had, despite the latter's straightforward story.Perhaps it was a massive expectation that has led to my disappointment maybe? I probably would have considered buying Tyranny but if it's more of this, no thank you.So to end, I would give this game a 6/10. I wanted to put my review as a negative because if a friend of mine shared to me that he/she was planning to play PoE, I would say ""that's great"" but would recommend something better to put a hundred hours in like Witcher 3."
76561197970723018,Recommended,291650,15407076,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,brain13,"Great game if you love Baldur's gate, Icewind Dale or planescape torment."
76561198039450637,Recommended,291650,15072959,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Mnacko,"This message is for people who cries for graphics, combats, quests, gameplay any other stuff. There is a special place in hell for you all !!! After all these years playing a lot of rpgs we finally received this gem.Play it if you like Baldur`s Gate, for a game like this the price that they are asking is worth to pay. Graphics mean♥♥♥♥♥♥to me. we have seen too many games with amazing graphics but a poor storyline.Buy it if you truly like challenge in your games, we have seen too many games that said to be hard but in this your every decision is important and it might be deadly.Own it if you miss playing games that takes you within.I rest my case ladies and gentlemen, rest is up to you."
,Recommended,291650,15156327,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,s0m,"Lets face it: if you're looking at reviews for this game, then you either:A) have never heard of itB) don't know what cRPG or BG meanC) aren't going to buy itYes, it's a ""typical"" Obsidian game. It HAS a lot of bugs, BUT it has a TON of GREAT content to counter. The devs are actively working on ironing out the most serious bugs, so don't be worried. This is clearly a labor of love for them.The game has many welcome additions to the genre and the off-shoot from DnD means we get to experience some interesting mechanics. The AoE/distance marking(capable of being turned off) is truly awesome and helps greatly with setting up tactics on harder difficulties.At the end of the day, it brings me back to many old school games and fits right in(bugs and all). So if you're a fan of old classics like BG, IWD, basically ANYTHING on IE...then this is a game for you."
76561198138700608,Recommended,291650,22559522,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Apollo Trollo,"Grade: 88/100I love this game.  It isn't perfect.  However, besides Divinity Original Sin, this is the best thing since toasted bread.  Nothing is better than throwing the difficulty all the way up, and setting it for trial of iron.  Nothing like really caring if your character dies (No pause/task manager quits either).  It isn't perfect, but it's great.Pros(1) strategy - depending on the level you play at, you better take a moment to seriously consider how you are going to win a fight.(2) Party makeup choice - I have played with several different party make ups, and there really is no right way to play.(3) customizable/toggleable difficulty(4) detail(5) There are some cool things to try - for example kill everyone at the initial camp site and be amazed at the gem you get for that accomplishment.Cons(1) The game has a very convoluted plot.  I'd say that it has as much or more backstory as the Dragon Age trilogy all stuffed into one game.(2) I don't feel that the choices are as meaningful as they should be.  I say that despite some choices leading to some straight-forward different consequences.  But in a game where you can kill a mad duke, there should be some more serious world shaking consequences.(3) Some minor things: No multi-classing, bizarre over-complicated health/stamina system; and No Romance(4) My personal pet peeve in an RPG - the game doesn't respect rogues.  I think the the the entire rogue system is broke.  Everyone can sneak.  And the rogue has significant functionality in the game.I recommend this game.  And it deserves a few play throughs."
76561198095980303,Not Recommended,291650,17845313,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,KidDoc,"I'm an old gamer and played all the old RPG's like Baldur's Gate and Pools of Radiance, etc.  I thought I would love this game but for some reason it just falls flat for me.  I cannot exactly put my finger on it but I just did not find the game, lore, characters, or world engaging at all.  The voice acting seemed juvenile and silly to me, and just the whole storyline seemed written by a teenager.I wish I had been able to try before buying but oh well it is just cash.  Off to try another game to get my post Witcher 3 RPG fix.. maybe Shadowrun."
76561197999329840,Not Recommended,291650,18140694,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,EchoingFear,"I loved baldur's gate and star wars knights of the old republic, and I'm voting no, simply because I personally wouldn't buy it at the currently advertised steam price. If you can get a cheaper version elswhere or get it on sale for more than half off then I'd be more inclined to recommend it, because it's not a bad game per se.Pros:Nice graphics, music, class variation and customanization. There are plenty of quests, and classes and talents seem to have a lot of depth. Still curious to see what other classes like priest and druid can bring to the table.Cons:-Story was vastly inferior to other games like SWOTR and BG2; found myself skipping a lot of the dialouge.-From gameplay, plot twists and character interaction, baldur's gate 2 and the first SWOTR did almost everything better.-Gameplay and spell mechanics came across as clunky and repetetive; was difficult to notice improvements after gaining certain talents.-Quests were ambigiously described (i.e. find cave described in vision).-I don't know if it's a pro or a con because of the whole ""if it's not broken don't fix it"" philosophy, but the game lacked innovation in the sense that at times it came across as an inferior knock off of baldur's gate.In short, the game wasn't bad. I had fun playing it and all, though it was just redudant or inferior if you've played other games in the genre. Perhaps most importantly, for whatever reason it lacked that extra ""spark"" that really gives a game something extra."
76561198049633085,Not Recommended,291650,17996963,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,ngg_Nolt,"The end of this game was so bad that I felt like I was watching Indiana Jones 4. If you want to make good game - try to invent good story first. If you can not do that, do not try to make a game. Also it was so funny when I got stuck in the end-game boss fight, because in this game - you have to be level 12 in the end of the game, or the boss will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ I was playing in the Iron Mode (only one save) and the game decided to save just before the fighting stated. Great. Just great. This game was not completely bad, but the story was so great disappointment to me, so I have to give this game only 6/10. And that verdict is that high because of Edér and Lady Webb (and good characters like those) and the beginning of the story and the good tactical-party based combat (before the end-game boss.)"
76561198072485016,Not Recommended,291650,19182511,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,PlagueB,"I must have missed something but I just can't accept the hype for this game nor can I make myself to play it. Not my cup of tea it seems. It looks too old, too dated, and not exciting in my view."
,Recommended,291650,32296535,Posted: 9 June,all,squareular,"I deeply, truly love this game.I didn't necessarily expect to. I picked it up while it was super on sale because it was really pretty and an isomorphic rpg. I had been playing a lot of Divinity: Original Sin. Since I quite like that, and since they were compared against each other a lot, I wasn't expecting to like this one as much. But I do (maybe more?). The world is rich and deep, the characters are interesting. I feel like I can explore the world while still having a vague idea of where I'm supposed to be going.I'm not super fond of the combat because I'm not super fond of real time with pause. So I'll get through the combat when I need to, but really I play it for the story. I'll play D:OS for combat.Heads up though, there is a lot of reading. A lot. If you don't like tons of block paragraphs in your video games, you probably won't enjoy this one.Other side notes:* I made Aloth my Mechanics guy (for... reasons?) and him going ""What's this bally thing here?"" is really entertaining.* My character is a Cipher so I thought I wouldn't use Grieving Mother much, but wow we wreck stuff as a team.* Character banter is highly entertaining (""I told you not to pet him"")"
,Recommended,291650,32586383,Posted: 20 June,all,Nightmare!,"(mini-review)Obsidian does an excellent job of birthing a Baldur's Gate 1/Icewind Dale 1 hybrid.  Oozing with atmosphere and down-to-Earth authenticity, Pillars of Eternity is a vibrant walk down memory lane for any avid Infinity game fans.  Superlative music, fantastic voice acting and great art design all culminate in an wonderful example of a master-crafted isometric WRPG.  Couple the daunting game villain with item crafting/enhancing, detailed keep building and branching quests/storylines and you have a lasting winner.  The game doesn't always impress however, as the rules system is far less intuitive than traditional D20 fare, spells/abilities often bore and the atheist story overtones fall flat towards the end.  While the game doesn't hit the plotting, design or characterization highs of Planescape Torment or Baldur's Gate 2, Pillars of Eternity still sets a fantastic foundation for future development.Recommended.8.5/10."
,Recommended,291650,28989976,Posted: 3 January,all,InterAl,A stellar RPG in every aspect. Can't get enough of it.
,Not Recommended,291650,18342441,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Yunfei81,"Crappy english incoming, you have been warned:(Skip this paragraph, if you don't care for my shattered dreams, please *sob*)I was so exited for this game... I fell for the crazy hope, that PoE would be like Neverwinter Nights 1/2, just better. I also played Icewinddale and Baldurs Gate (don't remember if 1 or 2). Both of them only for a bit, as they weren't my cup of tea at this time. But even though I didn't play them very long, I had way more fun. I actually remembering that until today(!).Like many other critics I really tried to like this game. First I thought it was kind of my fault for playing PoE the wrong way. So after some reading I tried it again (hence this amount of hours), because that always helped in the past. This time it didn't help. At all.I realised something:I just didn't care about my character, I didn't care about their companions and the 'plot' was like: ""Well, actually there isn't much plot, sweetheart, but you see, we had to kinda... stretch it for those 3 acts to fit in!""Sadly those things are exactly what is most important to me...This is just my opinion/experience. I can't tell you, if it will be the same for you. If you have to be economical (like me), don't buy it at full price. It's less annoying if you don't like it."
76561198036597046,Not Recommended,291650,18355232,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,micah3,"The storyline was well developed up to the end. The ending seemed to be a quick finish, like so many hollwood movies, due to funds running out. If funds didn't run out it was just a lazy ending. When I spend my hard earned money on a game at full price I expect it to extend well past 100 hours of gameplay. This barely broke the 60 hour mark. I would sace my money for something else."
76561197978873114,Recommended,291650,21298733,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Army Pea,"Excellent CRPG ""feel"" which includes fast (and sometimes chaotic) combat. Tons of customization for your character. Absolute industry best writting in a fantasy genre.Obsidian has also maintained support for Pillars of Eternity over the last year which includes 2 expansions that tie into one another. The White March.Additional support has comes in new abilities, NPC AI, new quests and on going balance and fixes.Obsidian is the type of developer you want to support in these days of big promises and shallow delivery.They have made a modern classic RPG that will be the bench mark of comparison for upcoming titles.My only negative perspective is that this game not meant for a casual gamer. It's clearly aimed at fans of RPGs who enjoy slow , built up story lines that require a LOT of reading.As a potential customer , you should be aware this game plays like an interactive novel more than Mass Effect , which I consider a action RPG."
76561198035973333,Not Recommended,291650,19974627,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Frankrc,"This game is not bad, though I only played a few hours and did not touch it anymore...  I expected it to be more like Baldur's Gate.. But the world is not really open... I find it's too linear... This game is not that good"
,Recommended,291650,15088216,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Winter Owl,"I have a mighty wizard wielding a 2-handed hammer, a clever barbarian with a bunch of scrolls and a rogue who likes heading right on instead of sneaking. Great freedom of choices, amazing art, immersive atmosphere and the best writing I've seen for years. It's like 1999 all over again."
,Recommended,291650,15089636,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Shad0wRunn3r,"Compared to the whole game time I am probably at a fragment of this gem, but frankly, I have not felt this thrill since I was around 8-10 years old, and played BG for the first time. Definitely a must have for all Infinity Engine game fans. Without any doubt. I will not go into details for two reasons: there is no need to do so, and I have to go back and play. :)"
76561198006581490,Not Recommended,291650,18386044,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Myrrdoch,"The AI in this game is total garbage.  There is nothing more frustrating than issuing a command to a character, for example, to attack a mob, and to have them just run over to something else and start attacking it.  It's a shame, because the story actually seems pretty interesting.  But the AI is just SO BAD that I can't even stomach playing the game anymore.EDIT: It seems like the pathing is designed to run you into engagement with as many enemies as possible."
76561198091554681,Not Recommended,291650,18429817,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Luziano (Team Bowhunting),"Beautiful game, only problem are the insane loading times which renders it almost unplayable :("
76561198036092877,Not Recommended,291650,18494683,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Girth_Stanton,"I love games like this. I grew up on them and played them for hundreds of hours. This feels like uninspired garbage. 24 hours of play, multiple starts, tried about every class/build, and it still feels lacking. I feel like this is a ripoff of the old games with a slightly new skin, just executed in a pretty pathetic way. Yup, lets remake an old goodie. When we do it lets rip out its soul and ruin everything fun about it!Combat is lame and unispired. Not to mention the really stupid mechanics. Itemization in the game is horrible. The magic system made me want to throw things. Mages were my fav in BG2. They are pitiful in this game. I feel like there aren't any real differences in the classes/character builds other than the animation that executes.Also seems like you end up with 3 types of character: 1. Glass cannon that gets munched in one or two shots. 2. Tank that would lose in arm wrestling to a three year old, but can take a beating like a porn star. Oh, yeah, they don't get any effective combat management skills either....3. Middle of the road that ends up not good or bad at anything (but you miss all of the dialogue options without having at least one buff stat). Seems like you spend a lot of time building a character to not have it mean anything. It really torqued me that I coudn't build a chracter that did what I thought it would do.Loading screens... With a modern system and SSD's this game shouldn't be such a slug. I like to read but there are ridiculous walls of meaningless text less interesting than a high school social studies book. Meh. End rant."
76561198031190155,Not Recommended,291650,18807412,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Zenuge,"This game has no edge. Icewindale 2? The story of twin Demons kicked out of hell, who decided to go on a rampage because the human world rejected them? That's edge. Min/Max stats for godly mages/fighters, edgy. Fun.Pillars is, the higher your level, the more overpowered you become, end of story. It gets to a point where your six-peon squad is so deep in DPS that you stop casting spells, buffs, and mostly just watch your team go to town while using a handful of abilities to kill everything, at all times.Pre-buffing was eliminated. Tweaked? Nerfed? No, gone. Armor restrictions as well, which makes for awkward scenarios where I have a Druid in full plate swinging a giant mace in the middle of a fight with the rest of them. I got half way through the game with that character and thought, wait, that's a Druid?In Wasteland 2, when I make a team, they have character, my sniper can't move, but kills everything and can take weapons apart to boot. My run and gun is a team leader with great charisma and great bomb disposable skills. My specialist knows the ins and outs of computers, locks, and safes, while being a smart♥♥♥♥♥ but dose the least damage.My fighter eh.. uh. My fighter, is in a DPS race with my rouge, and my cipher. Everyone else just kinda stands around taking up space. In pillars I can't latch onto anything I create because the system isn't integrated enough with itself, or with the world it occupies. I have 200 hours and beat the game once, because once you hit lvl 10, you know that's as much fun as you're going to get, and the rest is just talking to uninteresting people, and slogging through what's left.I dunno, what's going on Obsidian? Where is the beef? Why didn't you just make the god-bomb plot the story of your game? That was edgy, exciting, instead it's background info. What's better, the reincarnation of a god going toe to toe with locals and ending the game with a big frickin' explosion? Or playing as some guy chasing down another guy, cause he has voices in his head? Please, get some bolas before you make Pillars 2."
76561197993236460,Not Recommended,291650,18213989,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Food and such,"Unfortunately I was dissappointed by this game. It appears to be a well put together and modern take on classic PC RPGs but a lot of that is on the facade. Combat is the same boring thing over and over, the game is oversaturated with content to the point that I literally could not figure out what the quest was for the actual main plotline. It's just too messy, the plot gets subsumed by uselessly large amounts of content and it never shines that much from the start. 21hrs in and I still had no idea what was going on and was not at all driven to continue."
76561198018351517,Recommended,291650,15245776,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Zola,"The writing is Exeptional. This is the best writing I've ever experienced in a video game. I have read a lot of books that couldn't even come close to the imagery that some of the dialogues in Pillars imprint on my mind. Just incredibly high quality dialogues.The story is very good, and it has kept me interested for 60 hours. But it's the way that it is delivered that's amazingly gorgeous. I feel for my companions, I am attached to their dilemnas and their hardships. Their personalities are so fleshed out and enthraling.The gameplay is almost perfect for my taste. These hard to come by levels and the boost they give your characters when they do come makes me feel like I'm playing baldur's gate again. I finaly remember why I loved BG and BG 2 so much. Although some classes are a bit imbalanced.Graphics : Well you know already what you're getting into.This is my GOTY. And it's pretty much my Game of the last 10 years."
,Recommended,291650,15246285,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,NavyDragons,I've only just started my first playthrough and im already hooked 100%It has been over a decade since a solo player game caught my attention this hard if you enjoy good story telling good combat good mechanics and replay value in your games. This is one that will not disappoint. 10/10
76561198022496900,Not Recommended,291650,19560772,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,jbreadman,"I'll be blunt. I had High Hopes. All the Reviews and sites said this game is amazing. But it's not. What passes for a plot is pretty ho-hum.  The combat is boring and uninspired. Oh yeah, and the games first 'major' quest where you *HAVE* to clear out this castle in order go ANYWHERE else but the starting points? Real great. No, seriously though Why would you restrict movement and exploration off the get-go? It makes no sense. Oh, Let's not forget said quest for permission to continue exploring has enemies that are easily 3 or 4 levels higher than you, and curbstomp you, and on normal difficulty. I expect some saying ""ohh you're not playing it right"" or ""lol n00b"" but whatever a game is supposed to be challenging and fun, not irritatingly impossible from the first get-go. if you must have this game, wait until its like 75-80% off. Or go toGOG.comand get the Baldurs Gate bundle"
,Recommended,291650,33347010,Posted: 7 July,all,panxo606,"This is one of the best RPG's I've the chance to play. It's demanding, funny and interesting. So far I haven't finished in any of my 6+ gameplays in every mod possible, there is A LOT of lore (which I personally find amazing).Regarding the price, it's a shame that Paradox raised it and now Obsidian has a game with a bad rating, but this game is a gem and I'll recomend it to everyone with at leas a little interest in RPGs."
,Not Recommended,291650,18802592,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,charliewaffles,"The most frustrating part about it all, is that the game has a lot of truly incredible things going for it. If it wasn't for the god awful combat system, this would be a masterpiece of a game. When your combat system relies solely on stats and not on clever enemy A.I and strategic planning, your game runs the risk of becoming incredibly shallow and grindy, which is exactly what happened to Pillars of Eternity. Don't bother."
76561198030878575,Not Recommended,291650,32629727,Posted: 21 June,all,NeoNero840417,This company is starting to♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.
,Not Recommended,291650,18156683,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,TheGZeus,"Before 2.0 I would have given this a recommendation. If they fix 2.0 I'll update it with a recommendation.Until then, steer clear, because:-Pathing in combat is broken. Your characters will refuse to go where you click, often going an entirely different direction if they move at all.-Various spells and powers don't work without setting AI to Aggressive (I don't want AI on at all), which is just silly.-Enemies randomly stop attacking and begin regenerating endurance rapidly. Sometimes combat music stops when this happens. Sometimes the re-aggro. Sometimes they don't.This is the majority of the problems, but there are other small issues that were introduced as well.I hope it's fixed. I really want to recommend this game because it was really good when it was playable. It's just a total mess right now. Combat is unavoidable at various points for many quests, so the whole game is borked at the moment.EDIT:I'm not removing the above, because the fact that it happened at all is a travesty, and should not be forgotten.I'm still leaving a negative review, because I realised something: I just don't care any more.The loading screens... by the time the next area loads, I've lost the will to live, let alone keep playing, and you'll see them A LOT, especially once you get to the city.Ye gods! The city. ""Yaay, made to the city! Might be able to get some cool stuff, meet some important people, do some stuff!""""Go run errands and fart around, then fight a horde of undead and necromancers that are nigh-impossible to kill until you level up. You'll need to run many more errands to become strong enough to fight them"". I liked 'no combat xp' until this sort of thing kept happening. FORCED meta-gaming. THANKS.The stronghold is just... VIDEO GAMES! Why can I just spend money from a menu? Because VIDEO GAMES! Why do huge stone things just get fixed in days? Because VIDEO GAMES! Why do I just get _handed a castle_? VIDEO GAMES!The quests all start out sounding interesting, and end with some petty quibbling, a heavy-handed 'moral decision' that affects nothing, or some combat. That's it.All these cool mechanics. All this great lore... for a generic, two-dimensional (metaphorically speaking) game.Oh, and Obsidion relased 3.0 and changed just enough of the base mechanics of the game that I'd want to start over. Then I find out they're working on a licensed digital card game for ♥♥♥♥ing Pathfinder, when I knooow more bugs will creep in.I don't care any more, Obsidian. You've squandered the potential this game had."
,Not Recommended,291650,25198849,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,HarpelD,"I enjoyed BG, BG2, NWN, NWN2, Jade Empire and I liked playing this game to a point, but then it became incredibly boring due to the lack of depth in NPC RP and PC's choices affecting the very vanilla storyline. The lore is great, the world is very detailed, but there is nothing compelling me to complete the game. The characters are just blah.The game needs an alignment system that actually affects the progression of the game. Also the Party wouldn't travel together in a normal RP environment due to motivation conflicts. There is no glue to the PC that is founded in RP. What are the loyalties of the Party to the Main Character? It feels like the Party Members are just bored or avoiding something so they decide to tack onto this foreign traveler.If you want better emersion from a game, stick to the old gems like Icewind Dale or play a decent MMORPG with good lore and a solid community."
76561198088671906,Not Recommended,291650,19382984,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,leightonrelf,"WARNING BEFORE YOU BUY THIS GAME;TL;DR - Incredible gameplay and story, with heartbreaking loading times FOR SOME COMPUTERS. Download a third-party mod to disable auto-saving for a semi-fix.Due to the auto-save feature requiring the saving of extremely large file sizes (gets worse as the game progresses) each time you load up a new or old area or even a house within that area there is a 1-2min load time. Sounds small, but there are a lot of areas in this game.This is so bad that there is a fairly successful mod designed to simply enable the ability to turn off the autosave feature - this mod has been updated 73 times (upon writing this). A simple fix of allowing the option disable the auto-save feature would make this game playable without mods.Note that mods are made redundant with each new update to the game - avoid updating the game until the mod is updated...THIS DOES NOT APPLY TO ALL COMPUTERS - check online first to see if someone else has had this problem with your system. I experienced this on a fairly old Mac, however I've read this happens with better systems as well. A quick bit of research could save you 20-50 bucks.The few hours I put into this game were incredible. The story, the combat, the difficulty and the progression are amazing. It's a shame that I had to cut it short because I don't feel like spending half my play-time on loading screens.Around about 15-20 hrs into the game the load times become unbearable.It's a shame that the publishers decided to promote expensive DLC before doing (presumably) simple playability fixes on a game they've obviously put a lot of love into."
76561198174021709,Not Recommended,291650,17765906,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,snazzynss,"Really, really frustrated with this game.Having been obsessed with the previous incarnations of the infinity engine, this the most recent, and by far the most disappointing of all of the gamesThe good:A well balanced class system, and a feeling of fairness in how mechanics work here.Owning a keep was fun.The bad:ENDLESS text wallsClunky and underdeveloped story (To be very clear, adding a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of useless information, doesn't constitute a story)The offensive comparisons to baldur's gate (Baldur's gate was/is so much better than this game I am rather shocked.)Why is it offensive? Because the story-line of Baldur's gate is epic, in an incredibly uplifting way. You feel awesome, your part god, and not just part god... you're partially the god of murder, and you can ascend to godhood. In this game, you have a strong soul, and you survive an odd soul storm. Your major goal in this game is to take that event...and undo it. I repeat, your goal is to undo the only thing that make your character unique. That is not exciting, and if you backed this game with high expectations... your probably going to have to hope Tides of Numeria does a better job.The constant feeling of the game being unfinished. Whether it's the nearly empty locations you can go to, or the party member quests being both tiny, or part of the main quest, you are left wanting. I repeat from above, comparing that to the 2-3+ hours you could spend on some of baldur's gate companions is offensive. Jaheria's quest/story-line in BG2 should be proof enough for that statement, see the rest of the BG cast for additional proof.The fact that I have been so frustrated with this game, that I wrote my first negative review, ever.I could continue, but 50$, and the time it's taken to hate this game, and to write this review is just making me more sad I pressed ""Purchase"""
76561197982815216,Not Recommended,291650,32611209,Posted: 20 June,all,Fe,"Obsidian please change your publisher, Pigradox is the worst they are too greedy."
76561197993299430,Not Recommended,291650,19405445,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,SquishyEye,"Ugh, i really wanted to like this game, but it's not for me. I've been a huge Baldur's Gate fan since forever ago, and i'm really happy that the genre legacy continues (since stupid Dragon Age keeps moving further and further away from it, i'm glad at least someone still tries making these types of games). But I just couldn't get into this one. I think if you're into hardcore d&d and read a ton of that kind of literature - you'll love this. For me the appeal of these games is combat and strategy and it just wasn't enticing enough here. I got so bored towards the end that i rushed through everything, skipping through every dialog.On an unrelated note i thought it was funny that they had that combat music that's pretty much straight out of De-Arnise keep (BG2). And Twin Elms had a theme that was very Kuldahar (Icewind dale).Pros:Baldur's gate gameplay.Story is not stupid and cheesy.You can create your own party and not have to use official companions.There is a bit of that keep management stuff (although not much).Decent amount of content.Some interesting combat ideas but read on for cons because those mechanics get meh further into the game.Party members have decently unique personalities. Even the bland♥♥♥♥♥elven mage was spiced up with a secret.Cons:Wayyyy too much reading: paragraphs and paragraphs of text on every dialog. That may be a pro for some people, but i've read enough in my lifetime and i'm tired of it.Combat mechanics too complicated (too many different defenses/resistances/stats/conditions, it may not be more complicated than modern d&d rules but d&d rules have been building up slowly for a long time, while this game just jumps straight into complicatedness.) And i either never found much explanation on how stuff works as far as damage application goes, or i found it and it was more paragraphs of text and i got bored reading it.Party members join up too easily and will never leave you, so there wasn't that much roleplaying with them, and also no alignment thing that dramatically restricts how the world perceives you, (yeah yeah there is reputation with different factions but i didn't notice much gameplay difference with that).Unique items: that's one of the main complaints i have. They weren't amazing enough or hard enough to get. I want stuff like Carsomyr +5 (BG2). You had to kill one of the hardest enemies in game for it, and only a specific class could use it, but once you get it - it makes a huge difference, (and then you can go after Kangaxx! :P). Here - i got so many clutter drops from enemies and every once in a while there was a small upgrade but it never really made a big enough impact.Anyway, overall this is not a bad game, and if Steam used a number rating i'd give it a 7 out of 10 maybe. But i didn't love it, i have no desire to replay it, and i wouldn't recommend it to any of my friends. It was like going to steak and shake late at night. Nothing else is open, and the milkshakes are good, but the service was mediocre at best and if I had a choice - i would have gone somewhere else."
,Not Recommended,291650,18335283,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Kasa,"The good- Animations were top notch- The dungeons held a lot of neat secretsThe Bad- Most quest lines end up you just killing everyone- There is a ""optimum"" way to play- The stronghold is a huge waste of time and money- The story is VERY word heavy, the creators really don't understand the concept of show don't tell.- The resolution of most of the art is way to tiny, you're most often just gonna see lots of flashing lights and red pixels.- The class's are bland and unbalanced.- The backer NPC's may or may not ruin your experiance (varies from person to person)- Your party will only activly spot traps in scout mode- Scout mode is super slow- Party AI is is pretty bad, you will have to manually control them through a lot of the fights.- Party AI does not know how to use healing items, or items with special abilties- Party AI dosn't really know how to use healing spellsI may or may not have missed more good and or bad things to list, but it comes down to this. If your on the fence about buying this game, don't buy it. If you like reading lots of descriptions of characters features and actions, not to mention reading a lot of ingame books and in menu lore, read a book.If you like reading descriptions of people, places, and things, and indepth desciptions of people, places and things, then this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,291650,29070036,Posted: 6 January,all,|$m0k!n|-4HUD-,"A game in the vein of Baldurs Gate and Planescape: Torment sounds really awesome, but unfortunately it's not this one. It's not a bad game in itself, but considering the developer and their claim to fame it's quite a bit of a disappointment. If they had left out the references to Baldurs Gate and Planescape: Torment, kept expectation low and called it a ""spiritual successor"" to Icewind Dale all would be well.Compared to  Baldurs Gate this game lacks interesting characters, romances, combat mechanics, character scripting.. It's a long list, really. Cut short: The only thing these two games have in common is graphical by nature like graphic style, dialogue windows, fonts and loading transistions. Quite superficial.Compared to the masterpiece Planescape: Torment, this game feels like a fumbling rookie. There is a massive amount of content of which a lot is just useless filler, longwinded, dull and uninspired. Sometimes it feels as if the game was supposed to be a text adventure, because it describes everything you see. It suffers the same weaknesses as in the comparison with Baldurs Gate, the game simply lacks the passion, drive, point and intriguing gameplay.So what do you get? You can make a character from a wide array of classes, races and backgrounds of which nothing really matters. Along the way you can have people join you or you can go to an Inn and create all the characters you need by yourself, but the self-made ones don't have companion quests, of course. Each companion has a quest of a kind, but the characters themselves are really quite balanced, ordinairy and mundane. You will not find a Minsc, Edwin, Viconia, Korgan, Imoen, Dakkon, Morte or Annah here. There are no romances and all the companions are like wallpaper, somehow, without colour, edge or character.Combat is.. never gratifying. Mostly just a mess. Some builds work and some really don't.The leveling system is horrible. Combat is the meat of the game, but somehow it's mummified. You get virtually no Experience from kills and not really that much from quests either. It feels quite linear, that way.Sound is okay..Graphics are pretty, but dull and lifeless.Loading is slow even on SSD; I am confused.Tilt: Since I finished it. I have had absolutely no desire to play this game again. I played Baldurs Gate a least a dozen times, both good and evil and tried out pretty much every combo of companions, married them all or ditched them all.. Planescape: Torment; I finished at least a half a dozen of times and I really loved Annah.. There were some dialogues that really left me breathless.. This game is total crap in comparison. Shallow, boring and forgettable. What was it again?!Take away all the references to past awesomeness and you've got a fairly average follow-up to Icewind Dale. Why didn't they just slab an Icewind Dale 3 sticker on this game? Probably,  because it's not taking place in Icewind Dale, but seriously, why should that be a limitation for a game so limited?-- Edit: fixed a few minor typos and grammar ---"
76561197991852465,Not Recommended,291650,18706951,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,roehcai,"I like this game, and it has a ton going for it. It's a fun RPG setting and an interesting story. I spent a lot of time on it (which makes #2, below, so bad). You can tell a lot of passion went into it.  It's very close to a 'yes' recommendation.But...  here's the reasons for a 'no':1) Loading screens and load time. It's way too much too often.2) A very bad bug that occured  late in the game. One of my main NPCs (Eder) I took out of my party for a little bit, and when I put him back in, all of his gear was gone, he was level 1, and the next time I loaded, he was missing from my character roster completely. Losing an entire character with a lot of time-earned gear was very frustrating.3) The lore comes at you with an assumption that you already know some of it, or so it seems. It can be a bit overwhelming at first, throwing names of regions, races, gods, historical events, etc, at you. It might be a bit better paced, but that could be preference.4) Minor, but... The kickstarter backer NPCs. They're pointless, and they're all over the place (the first town is especially bad). I wish I was warned about them before reading like 15 of them (which I did because the 'soul reading' mechanic made me think they were important.)"
,Not Recommended,291650,33567444,Posted: 15 July,all,Gimatria,"Great story thusfar, great characters, and nice graphics. Quests are fun to do, and finding secrets and traps somehow feels more rewarding than in other games. Overall, the atmosphere in this game is awesome, on par with Planescape Torments'.But unfortunately, I felt that the combat is incredibly bad. If you have several melee partymembers, don't think you can ever cast an aoe spell, since they will hit your partymembers too.If you want to cast your spells or skills properly you have to pause every time you finish the previous action. Casting or setting skills every single second for every partymember isn't really fun either. On top of that, the fights are so visually cluttered that there's absolutely no way to tell what's going on exactly.You can set your partymembers to AI combat, but that isn't all that great either. Sometimes they just don't do anything. And with the fact that some skills can only be cast once per rest (and your rests are pretty limited) AI combat just isn't viable for proper combat.I also think there are too many mechanics. There are too many status effects and afflictions someone can have. There are too many abilities, too many stats, too many talents, and skills feel useless.I'm a huge sucker for complex and difficult games, but this feels like it's complex to make it complex, not to make an interesting game.Even on story mode I found the combat and mechanics too bad to recommend this game."
76561198037783504,Recommended,291650,16971819,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,CatatonicAlpaca,"-Found a cat in a treasure chest.-Took cat on many wonderous and amzing adventures.-Cat stands by my side all the time-One day stands on trap set by some crazy old necromancer.-Party almost die, cat escapes untouched10/10 would cat-burglar again"
76561197965005985,Recommended,291650,23929788,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,MVW,"Pillars of Eternity (along with its two expansions) is an incredibly addictive game. It's easy to lose yourself in the game world, and as soon as I completed the game, I started planning what my next character would be. If you have a fondness for RPG games, you can't go wrong with this one."
,Recommended,291650,21443489,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Thetigerisariver,"A game I see myself replaying in the future; a well-crafted classic with just a few snags.I have come into my own as a gamer playing Baldur's gate II and Planscape Torment and spent good part of growing up with 3rd edition Dungeons and dragons.Even before this game came out, I enjoyed reading up on the dev's updates and how they were planning to tweak the game mechanics. A lot has changed since BG II and the game presents us with polished and improved battle mechanics that have less exploits and frustrating bits.That said, the devs did not try hard enough to make the game accessible to an inexperienced audience - the easy difficulty leaves the monsters' stats and battle rules unchanged, which means you still need to understand the mechanics and be able to adjust your strategy with every battle.On the other hand, the games offers several ways to scale up the difficulty, if that is something you desire.One of the goals this game set for itself was ""mature storytelling"" and I think they succeeded well enough. I mostly paid attention to the main story it and enjoyed it, which is rare for me. I tend to skip over text and not care that much what is happening between the banter with my party and all the monster-killing.One unattractive blemish is the issue of hollowborn children - basically a metaphor for disabled people who are nonverbal and need help with daily activities. In the game, these children are like this, because they are soulless. As a cognitively and developmentally disabled person I did not enjoy reading about people resembling me and my friends being inhuman. Unfortunately this is part of the main plot and as such unavoidable.The characters, which are one of the main draws of a game like this, were well executed. They range from cute to intriguing to deliciously hateable. Their personal stories are interesting, if a bit short.What I felt was lacking, was the depth of interaction you have with them as the PC and the interaction they have between themselves. The banter is funny, sure, but I am used to drama complete with hissy fits and threats of leaving the party (now I miss BG II).All in all - a good staple for those long weekends where you don't feel like doing anything.P.S.: At the time of writing this, I am almost done with the game. A few days ago White March II has come out, with a patch for the regular game. Unfortunately I can't comment on the changes right now, because there is no time left for me to explore them."
,Recommended,291650,29127825,Posted: 8 January,all,lightly,"Let me just preface my comments about Pillars of Eternity by saying that I played and completed Planescape Torment long ago, but still hold that game's story as the best that I have ever encountered in any game, RPG or otherwise. I am forever spoiled in that regard.Pillars narrative comes close, but does not quite hit the mark. There is a slight disconnect (perhaps by design?) that keeps it from hitting me in the gut the same way Planescape Torment did. However, it is much more complex, well-written and different enough from the usual run-of-the-mill plot you will find in it's peers. This is a rich, deep storyline, one in which the decisions you make as the player will determine the outcome.The isometric point-of-view provides value: strategic real-time combat that can be paused at any moment to issue orders (a must really), and an old school RPG feel that will give fans of Planescape Torment, the Baldur's Gate series, and the Icewind Sale series a tinge of nostalgia.You will encounter various NPCs, called companions, who can accompany you on your journey. Each one has a narrative that you can explore; this makes for a richer experience. While all are well written, some truly stand out, such as the Grieving Mother, Durance etc.The artwork in this game is fantastic. From the carefully crafted maps, the detail on the characters, and wonderful particle effects.Sound wise, I have no complaints. The soundtrack is atmospheric and the voice acting (especially for the companions) ranges from decent to excellent, nothing is subpar.If you are tired of saving the world from some great evil out to conquer it, time and time again, play this game. While the story won’t leave you thinking about it days after you complete it like Planescape Torment did, the journey is well worth it."
76561198021308169,Recommended,291650,16521254,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Shovel Lover,"This game released on my birthday and I think Chris Avellone planned it that way.Take me, Chris! I am yours to ravish. No one has ever given me such a fine present."
,Recommended,291650,15795966,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,RWBurnham,The best RPG to come along in decades. Not to be missed by fans of the Infinity Engine RPGs.
76561197972720910,Recommended,291650,21679544,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,MaYzE,"This game had some serious depth to it.  The whole system was new to me, and I found it was fair.  I was successful in playing this through on normal mode without much of a hassel.  I never did need to lower the difficulty through the game, which is nice as I am not a hard core RPG stats guy,That being said, I got to the final boss and did everything I could to beat him.  It felt like a fought that battle over 100 times.  No dice.  I will never see the completed the game achievement as I do not have the patience to respec my guys or to grind out a few more quests to level up.  Hats off to all those RPGers that blew through the final fight without an issue.  Just keep in mind that the game can be challanging, which is how end game content should be.This game deserves a recommend since it was a real enjoyable playthrough up until the final boss.  Who can go wrong with 30+ hours of interesting story lines, keep management, companion building, and a TON of other things.  Great throwback to the Baldur's Gate style games.  I hate to admit it, but I ended up using god mode (which disables all achievements, but is nice for guys like me who are unable to progress) so I could just see the ending.  Either way, good pickup to all RPG fans out there."
76561198093287423,Recommended,291650,23925672,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,LeBread James,"The game plays brilliantly. You can spend hours exploring the maps, reading books (and I actually WANT to read books here, I never do in any games!), talking to people, exploring side quests, and you still have all of the main story line to go. The world is wonderfully atmospheric thanks to the level design. The characters you encounter are well written and the fact that there is not only voice acting involved but that the text is also written at the bottom of the screen (with annotations to the characters' facial expression, mood, change of tone etc) makes it feel a little like reading a book. If you can afford it, do get it at the regular price, you won't regret it. The current 60% off sale offer is SO worth it. The only thing that I don't like so far are the loading screens. They're a little bit too long. It doesn't break immersion for me, but it is noticable. Forget about any responsibilities you might have had - your only responsibility now is this game :D"
76561197993934176,Recommended,291650,23839697,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,filb3301,"You have to imagine that people have a very wide range of expectations about how a classic RPG should look like. PoE satisfies most of those by including a massive amount of optional content.Those complaints I read of in other reviews that aren't complete nonsense (due to that high amount of optionality), are  about the main story. For a large amount of time you will not know why you are doing what you are doing or how that would be helpful for solving the main quest. Partially that is because you are fighting a secretive organization with unknown goals, but it can be annoying nontheless. Or maybe its just a general problem with big RPG games, where people interupt the main story to fininsh side quests. So when you contine your main quest again after hours of side questing the story will not be as immersive as when you actually had to follow the main story strictly."
,Recommended,291650,15095742,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,xiongxong,Love this game!!! Think of this game like a fanatsy fallout 1 and 2 with better everything
76561198018918861,Recommended,291650,21993366,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,clintmich,"I just recently played through Baldurs Gate 1 and 2, and Icewind Dale. And I really enjoyed them. Pillars of Eternity is very similar to these games. If you enjoy the oldschool RPGs, Pillars is definately for you! After over 150 hours of play, I can say  this game is a 10/10. Highly Recommended!"
76561197981651173,Recommended,291650,26739257,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Salad,"Took me a few tries to really ""get into it"" and learn all the nuances but once I did, I found it to be quite well put togther and user-friendly!  I would consider this one of those you must try if you're into the old-school syle RPGs.  One of my favorites to come along in a while.  Modernized in only the right ways!  The first game EVER where I actually got some sort of enjoyment from the story.  It is confusing and takes a while to come together, but when it finally does, the message that the developers are trying to get across is great.  This is a work of art."
,Recommended,291650,24399286,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Dianic,"A challenging RPG with fantastic voice acting and action-packed gameplay, Pillars of Eternity will not disappoint fans of the genre. Obsidian Entertainment has ""WOW""d me twice, the first by way of South Park, a solid RPG that was actually fun to play. PoE is very different in style and design; it has that fantasy appeal... very Bard's Tale'ish.Pick it up & enjoy!"
76561198032833323,Recommended,291650,23076573,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,fpikus,"After Baldur's Gate series, I did not find any RPG games that would really draw me in. It's all about the imagination for me, I want to imagine wandering this fantasy world. There were OK games but nothing came close to BG. Until this one. I found it by accident, and I wish I saw it on Kickstarter. I'm glad it got funded though. This is finally another game world I can just drift into, in my mind."
76561198042181979,Recommended,291650,23075045,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Woodman,This is an amazing game. Great story. Fun combat. Charaters you will care about.
76561198044067013,Recommended,291650,29632929,Posted: 1 February,all,Scott,Bring back old memories of the BG and Ice winddale series I played as a kid.
76561197971339873,Recommended,291650,16935644,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Reno,"I'm a huge fan of CRPGs, played all the Baldur's Gate games, NWNs, Arcanum, DAs, Ultimas (Back in the very old days)Crazy fun and good. Every battle can take loads strategy with pausing and issuing commands.Very diverse with skills and items.I took the fighter and made him the tankiest guy THIS side of Defiance Bay and he is almost immortal now, send him in first and everyone starts focusing him, then send in the AoE mind flaying and stats lowering spells.. at last the DPS. Good recipe.Combat is amazing but it can take awhile to get into the lore of the game, there LOADS going on in regards with lore. You may feel bombarded at first but later on you get the story. There's also an in-game cyclopedia that can help lots if you don't know certain names or need to revise.Too much to talk about here, just play it and you'll see.If you love CRPGs then you should get this ASAP."
,Recommended,291650,16880766,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Nystul,"So good. So so good.If you like Bauldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, Divinity, or tabletop RPGs, I cannot recommend Pillars of Eternity enough. Accompanied by a cast of unique, unforgetable, voice-acted characters, you will journey across the land on an epic quest. If you don't like the provided characters, you can go to an inn and create your own, customized party. The balance is extremely good, and no class feels ""overpowered"" or ""too weak,"" and the health system is innovative and briliant. A bit expensive, but if it's your kind of game it's certainly worth the cost."
,Recommended,291650,24365044,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Mancesco,"Old school RPG for the modern times.You will feel right at home if you ever enjoyed games like Baldur's Gate, Planescape: Torment, Icewind Dale and the original Fallout. If you never played such games, here's what you need to know:This a Classic Isometric RPG and it doesn't focus on action, but rather STRATEGY and MICROMANAGEMENT.As such, it could be overwhelming to those new to the genre, however the developers have managed to make it accessible to everyone with a wide selection of difficulty options that range from ""almost godmode"" to ""dark souls on cocaine"". Also the narrative is delivered through text. A LOT OF TEXT. Seriously there's enough to read here to fill a novel and if you don't like reading, you'll be in trouble. The plot is good, albeit not mindblowing, but what is worth praising is the detailed Lore created for this game.PROs+ Amazing pre-rendered 2D backgrounds packed with details+ Music fits perfectly with the high fantasy genre+ Loads of details in the lore and narrative+ Lots of hours of gameplay, especially with the expansion+ Works great on older systemsCONs- The lore is dumped on you quite abruptley and can cause confusion in the beginning (it gets clarified later on)- Central plot could've been more interesting- Minor inaccuracies in the in-game descriptions of items and spells- Steep learning curve on account of the lackluster tutorialsEasy to find at a decent discount these days, worth every cent!"
,Recommended,291650,15422060,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,SHADOW-XIII,"Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale lovers must play it, no questions asked.I have spend over 80 hours to finish the game although I did most of the side quests and read 99% of the text I've seen.The world is amazing, carefully crafted,Background information is vast and varied so much that I would recommend players to read through Guidebook describing world, history, religion, races and all connections, rivalry and friendships between each of them. Guidebook knowledge makes a play even more interesting (without it, it's a bit overwhelming at the beginning to understand what's going on but eventually you will catch it up).I really hope they are going to do expansions to the game adding more locations and quests (the world map shows plenty of more interesting locations that are not in the current game)."
76561198030664963,Recommended,291650,15550475,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Naetro,"This is my first review I have ever done for a game. Here is a poem, I wrote, that I beleive fits the bill completely.Here goes...Hold the torchThen touch the flameUpon yourself place no blameA spirit speaks and truth aboundsThe thought was pureI heard it's soundFeel no ill nor evil eyeAll critique is but a lieYour beauty speaks in volumes stillwhen all your strength it but your willI understand you walk the roadWith heavy heart amd binding loadAngelic verse in present timeYour soul is freeThough, in your mind...This game game is not just played but experienced. Those of us who remember ""Baulders Gate"" or/and ""Ice wind Dale"" will love and enjoy this game.9.5/10"
,Recommended,291650,15610789,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,[SR]Adelaide,"If you loved Baldur Gate series then this will be the game you're looking for.  From it's beautiful rich environments, great story line, and intriguing companions, the game brings you into a great new world to immerse yourself in.  Some small game mechanics are still a bit wonky (pathing for your companion AI is one) but it barely bothered me.  The new system with Endurance vs. Health was strange but refreshing and by the end I actually loved the idea of it.  One of the biggest problems I had in BG series was the need to rest everytime I had my wizards use their spells, however in POE that wasn't an issue at all.  The same problem applied for health in BG but again, in POE with the Endurance vs Health system it drastically cut the need for me to be resting all the time to replenish 'health'.Another part of the game I loved was the different routes of personality you could take in this game.  The many different options to reply ingame allowed for multiple ways situations could play out.  Also if you didn't care for any of the ingame companions AT ALL you could hire/creat your OWN PARTY.  I don't know why you'd want to do thatthough...Eder/Aloth/Durancefor life."
76561198032110220,Recommended,291650,15605772,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,danp132,
,Recommended,291650,15636214,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Your Fist My Face,"This game is pretty damn awesome! It's an excellent trip back into the world of CRPGs! I absolutely loved the Baldur's Gate games. Beat both of them. This game captures the magic of those games and it looks better graphically! Characters are interesting, dialog is well written, and so many choices as far as how you want to build your character.And it has the famous line, ""You must gather your party before venturing forth."" God, I love that.If you are/were a fan of Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, or Planescape Torment, I highly recommend this game! It's totally worth every penny!"
,Recommended,291650,15610500,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Rugoshath,"If there was a Baldur's Gate 2 1/2, this would be it. BG Nostalgia, which is great. Liked BG? Buy it, it's exactly that."
76561198158861382,Recommended,291650,15614682,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,arkebuzer,"Great game with deep story and focus on dialogs and choices you make.This game has quite unusual feature which lets you to select amount of in-game helpers depending on your experience in role-palying games.And if you dislike being stuck in games because of strong enemies, you will be glad to know that fighting with the mightiest enemies is totally unnecessary for completing the game."
,Recommended,291650,15634480,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Nynros Vorlon,Well done indeed ;)
,Recommended,291650,15571150,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Arman Hammer {IC},"Reminds me a lot of the greatest RPGs Baldurs Gate, Neverwinter Nights, Icewind Dale.Just not the DnD universe. Very fun from the start. Kinda confusing the story is in the begining, but opens up a bit more later."
76561198024617410,Recommended,291650,18322505,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Thrax,"Hi !It's a very good Classic RPG.  The Combat System is not perfect - but it works and you have many strategic choices.The Game World is impressive, although the unity engine is too old and need an upgrade.Obsidian could do many more with Pillars of Eternity -  new monsters, better encounters.And a bit respawn - perhaps Obsidan would put some assasins in the Game or something different.The PoE RPG System could do so much more !  For Example : a group of zealot try to kill you.And with the application of zealot, assasin and so on - you would create an amazing Respawn System.The biggest weakness in Pillars of Eternity are the empty maps  if you kill all the enemies.The Game is good, but without more enemies, encounters or similar things - it will never be perfect.Best Regards"
,Recommended,291650,18253986,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","Second try of writing a review as my first one was rather unforgiving...TLDR:Not wholy oldschool but pretty good. As a fan of the old infinity engine games you should really try it. Younger RPG lovers should also get it.Now I'm a seasoned Planescape and Baldur's Gate (also NWN) expert so I'll use those classics as reference in mind.Graphics are nice but old style, Divinity looked more modern but still every equipped armor shines neatly.Music is Conan style, no surprises but good and fits. Sounds like Baldur's Gate.Voice acting - good but we expected this.World and lore is a copy of forgotten realms essentially. Standard fantasy you'll feel right at home.Rule system is somewhat on par with D&D2 and slightly inferior to D&D3, no multi-classing either.Party, choice of the assorted fleshed out companions, those have a lot of personality, bicker as always and come with a quest. You can also create more adventurers for small coins if you rather want custom characters. Companions are on par with the averagely made Baldur's Gate companions say Corgan, Keldorn or Mazzy and better in cases. No Minsk, Imoen, Morte or Annah though.Quests - those are very good.The main story is high above average game standards. Souls, reincarnation, unearthing the past, all of that. After reaching act 2 the plot gains some depth.Yeah the game tends to the casual player, quest givers are conveniently next to locations, companions can hardly be missed, game is not really punishing, skill reset possible.  I hardly got lost and there are no riddles. You can out-level hard battles. Still you can break quests like by force-attacking friendly people which is even an option. I haven't seen such for years now. Still you can win battles by the skin of your teeth - I like that a lot.There's no good/evil but a Divinity like stoic/rational/passionate etc. rating system of character, those are heavily used in dialogues as are skill, attribute and background checks where Torment fans feel at home.Formations are in, companion AI is in, most gamebreaking is ironed out. One hang in all my playtime. Several difficulty settings, one deep optional dungeon, ton of loot. Stonghold - check. Crafting is in but really an afterthought.It's fair to say you won't be getting a better infinity engine-like RPG in a long time. 9/10"
,Recommended,291650,18334822,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Bmanly,"Cool game.  7/10.  Dialogue gets a bit lengthy at times.Worth a buy on sale, no doubt."
,Recommended,291650,18336913,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Hunter,"This game is awesome, but please add Chinese language : \"
76561198003986851,Recommended,291650,18281784,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,SuperSushi,"There should be a ""maybe"" or ""depends"" button on whether to recommend the game.Pros:  Awesome customization of characters that act and feel differentYou can create you own charactersThe difficulty is actually doing a good job of showing the difficulty.  Not like Wasteland 2 where it seemed like BS magic.The game is huge and in the cities at least, diverse.You get your own castle.Fighting is fun and challenging.Cons:  You can create your own characters and thus the characters you can pick up seem static and not worth talking to.    I like the old Baulders gate where your companions where unique, but here they are all the same.  Sadness.Lack of good side quests.No ability to find stuff on the map.  You can get quests which take HOURS and HOURS to complete simply because you didn't talk to the right people in the right order.  So annoying.  This makes the game longer but not in a good way.Bugs.  Lots of bugs.  At least when I played, I found several bugs such as the infinite fireball, that loaded back in when I came back to my keep.  I can thus never own my keep, because a fireball is going off in my dungeon all the time.  LOL.So ya, if you have lots of time.  I HIGHLY recommend this game.  If you are going to only play an hour of this a night.  Stay as far away as possible.  The lack of map help for the quests is a killer.  Only a few quests I found ever showed up on the map.  It may sound lazy, and it is.  But I don't care.  I want map help.  I play for the story and fighting, not fetch quests.  My name is not Rover.  Sorry fan boys."
,Recommended,291650,20536632,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Lord Bertimus,Pillars of Eternity is a modern day Baldur's Gate. 10/10.
76561198035723097,Recommended,291650,20546403,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,DrunkenDingo,Amazing modern crpg.
76561198118181630,Recommended,291650,20630020,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,fglrx,"# pro* developers put effort in this game* nice game world* the quest journal usually clearly states what to do where* probably more things;)# con* way too long loading times. big entertainment loss. seriously* game seems too zoomed in (it may be better with a bigger screen, i use a 1280x resolution)* the world seems small* positioning, general attack strength and endurance (level) and not other strategies or abilities seem to decide fights* found little replay value* re-skilling characters should be more expensive. i fully re-skilled many times because i could and it costs practically only some time# other* lots of relatively long-winded text* some difficult moral, and sometimes only immoral, decisions have to be made* it is about gods, just so you know* game took me 60 hours# tips* check out the gameplay/interface settings and adjust them to what you think you would enjoy the most, it will probably work out. i should have done this sooner. i adjusted several gameplay and ui settings, for example auto-pause and i disabled the health bars over the characters* you can add custom made characters pretty early in the game through a tavern/inn shop* all fights are manageable but sometimes you just need to be a higher level* you do not directly get experience from kills (only from defeating a kind of enemy several times for discovering the enemy type) and enemies you kill usually wont ever reappear (world gets a bit lonelyafter a while)* familiarize yourself with the effects of stealth and similar attributes to know what to skill, the attributes all have some valuable use"
76561197971005060,Recommended,291650,20890932,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Просто По,Great game. Much more interesting combat system than in Baldur's Gate. Though it is not polished well so sometimes battles look like you are a lumberjack in the woods. Relatively complex class and abilities system sometimes require good knowledge of those to finish the fight but those happen only occasionally. Access to almost all the map from the beginning result in good battles scattered through the world which in late game on higher lvl makes most regular encounters very easy to beat. Battle AI is very usefull and sometimes gives insights into winning battles especially on Hard. I should admit that those rare battles which finish with half of your team lying unconsious and almost all with low health are unforgettable especially if you manage to do them from first try. And that trully pays for regular grinding.The plot raises some questions about religion so some might consider playing it for some theological interest.  Nicely polished dialogs and great sound!
,Recommended,291650,20535597,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,~ZimZamSpaceJam~,"Pretty Good game, worth picking up"
,Recommended,291650,20628887,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,gustavfa,"Pretty much Baldurs Gate with the edges filed off, and balanced.  A good game, but I would have liked it more if mages, clerics and druids were more distinct."
,Recommended,291650,20924584,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,sonicbooming,"If you have any love for RPGs or fantasy novels then this is the game for you. It may not be the right fit if you have an aversion to reading or text-based games (quite a bit of reading and back-history/lore are layered into the game itself). The gameplay is similar to that of Dragon Age (turn-based). There is so much to this game and I have only just begun to play, but I can see myself giving many more hours to PoE. One of the best games I've played in a long while."
76561198031558270,Recommended,291650,21304905,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,melchiah77,"This game is fantastic.There hasn't been a game that has truly had that D&D feel in a long time. Each chapter begins with a well written and well spoken introduction that pulls you into the story and makes it come alive. Along with the truly interesting story line is a great isometric combat system and a robust character creation system. I have'nt been pulled into a story like this ever. It was all I could talk about for weeks after getting it. The voice acting though sparse is well done and well written, and the game looks amazing. The different environments all have a life of their own. The combat may be difficult at first but once you get a full party going and get the hang of how each class plays a role in combat you can tackle even the toughest foes. And with that difficulty, victory becomes that much sweeter. Each time you delve into a dungeon or go hiking through the woods it feels like an adventure. Your skills and choices actually have an impact on the direction of the story as well, unlike some modern rpgs. (looking at you fallout 4) I can't really recommend this game enough. and now that both white march expansions are out it looks even more amazing. Go buy this game right now you will not be disapointed."
76561198047813836,Recommended,291650,15096223,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Aaddition,EPIC
76561198028753240,Recommended,291650,17993260,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Outlavv,100% amazing game. Very similar to BG series but with a slightly different system than the typical DnD and graphics/controls/physics from 2015. Story was very solid and voice acting was excellent. Highly recommend to anyone who enjoys the CRPG genre.Only bad point is that a straight playthrough of the story took me only about 20 hours but I did leave alot of side areas unexplored because the story was too epic to get sidetracked.
76561198025146993,Recommended,291650,18403198,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Fleshwounds,Play D&D? Then this game is a must have!
76561198060917470,Recommended,291650,18402936,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Filth,A masterfully done CRPG in the vein of the original Baldur's Gate. I like to see it as similar to Icewind Dale 1 or  2 with more depth and a unique spin on rulesets and setting.
,Recommended,291650,15213952,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,The Eating Joke,Reading required!ADHD players should try this as a means of therapy
76561198031073876,Recommended,291650,15070646,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Mr.Nixon,"I recommend it to all old-school fans of Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale and Planescape: Torment.Right now I'm enjoying it much more than Dragon Age: Inquisition.I also encourage you to purchase this game with all add-ons on STEAM. Obsidians need our financial support to bring more of such ""Pillars of RPG"" to life.- Richard Nixon, Black Cloud Studios,http://afterreset.com"
76561198029007199,Recommended,291650,29293466,Posted: 16 January,all,J666,"This game is huge and it gave me many hours of pure RPG fun. It is well made - I love the graphics, game mechanisms, the lore, characters and their interactions.. everything. I only regret that there is a level cap and if you play the game thoroughly and with expansions (White March I, II), you'll reach it relatively soon. But in spite of that I was eager to finish the game and see the story end, which was quite interesting.Anyway, I consider this game a jewel for RPG fans and I am looking forward to playing more games of this ressurrecting genre in the future!"
,Recommended,291650,18334056,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Coreus Symphonia,"""You must gather your party before venturing forth""PoE harkens back to the cult classic of 1998; Baldur's Gate. However it does not follow any DnD ruleset at all. Instead it invents the wheel with its own set of rules that may be confusing for a good handful of hours at first - to say the least.While traditional DnD states that health is the primary attribute for how healthy a character is, PoE mixes in endurance that factors in on every encounter. You will regain endurance (up to a certain point) after each fight, but health is not. Think of it as fatigue and hp. Long battles will drain your endurance, while the number of encounters you take before camping will drain your hp. Unless there are permanent effects in play, you will regain full hp and endurance after camping - for which you'll need supplies to do so.It's certainly an alternate take on RPG and while the game offers plenty of atmosphere, a solid soundtrack and voice work, the aspects of how the game calculates damage, modifiers and character ""wellness"" takes time to get into. I wish they just stuck with regular tropes here as after over 10hrs in I still have troubles figuring out how all of this ties together.However, once you get the ropes of how Obsidian has rethought the DnD-ish battle system, which may take you some time, it makes sense. It is unorthodox and off the beaten path, but works within the universe they're trying to paint - and it's a mindbafflingly beautiful one.The world of PoE, Eora, is so full of life, little details, npcs, side-quests and things to explore you'll never run out of things to do, see or aim towards. The expansions provide even more content, leaving you busy for weeks on end.The more I've played of PoE the more I'm sucked into its welcoming arms as a gaming experience like no other. Not since Baldur's Gate and American McGee's Alice have I been so immersed in a digital world like this, and that's quite a feat. Obsidian has treated its roots and legacy with great care and it shows. It's a masterful reinvention of the wheel once you carve past what may look like arbitrary and awkward combat mechanics at first. They certainly takes some getting used, especially the mechanics of suppressed stats (modal or active), meaning items with the same bonus don't stack. Have two items that yield +1 intelligence? Well, you're only getting one of them, the other gets suppressed.Pillars of Eternity provides a very similar experience to praised cult classics like Baldur's Gate, but with its own twist and uniqueness to combat. For hardcore savants of Baldur and Icewind lore it may be a bit offputting at first, but for everyone else it's a masterpiece to behold. Even the savants may appreciate it over time, like I myself did.Do yourself a favor and lose yourself in a world that harkens back to a time RPGs were isometric, dangerous and required you to gather your party before venturing forth.Rating: 10/10 - Masterpiece"
76561197972314806,Recommended,291650,15662596,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,[LaF]HateSmurf,"Excellent cRPG. While the visuals are that of a retro-game, the game mechanics, plot lines and tactics are top notch. Also nice to see a truelly ""AAA"" title come out of a Kickstarter."
,Recommended,291650,15660360,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,minimize100000,"After spending around 60 hours with this game, I'd have to say that I absolutely love it. Having not played any of the decades-old isometric rogue-like games, I didn't have much in terms of nostalgia for this type of game to bias my initial opinion, though I very much loved Divinity: Original Sin which came out much more recently.Plain and simple, this game is not for everyone. The combat ishardbut very deep and rewarding once you learn the ins and outs of the mechanics and statistics. I've put in almost 60 hours, with one restart after the first 5 hours or so to try a different class, and I've only gotten through 2 of the 4 acts of the game. The game world is large, yet incredibly packed with stuff to do, people to meet, and big baddies (or goodies) to kill and loot!The only real cons in my opinion are:1) The AI pathing iskindatotally borked. In tight spaces, you and your companions rarely take the route you expect them to take, and while this is slightly frustrating on its own, it wouldn't be so bad except when combined with...2) ""Engagement"" - People who haven't played yet won't understand this much, but essentially during combat your characters are locked in place with the first melee fighter they come in contact with, and if you move your character away, the enemy gets essentially a free, immediate, hit. I wouldn't mind this mechanic if there were a way for your melee classes to pull aggro off of other characters so that you can attempt to control the battlefield better, but this seems to not exist (although admittedly I haven't played all variations of all classes, so the talent may be there somewhere, I just haven't seen it). Needless to say, combined with #1, it is frustrating to attempt to position your characters during a fight so that your melees engage the enemy melees, then have your glass cannons in the back accidentally be engaged because whoops now they're in the front because your melee character decided to go frolick in the flowers.3) No friendly combat AI option available. This one is a nit-pick, but for me there were many fights which didn't need my direction every second, but I wish the companions would use their abilities as necessary. I wish there was at least an ""enable companion use of 'per encounter' abilities"". Micro-management is fun during tough encounters, but for the more trivial ones, I wish there was more of an autopilot setting.4) No monk, barbarian, or rogue companions unless you hire them as adventurers (with no dialogue). Particularly monk and rogue companions would have been a great plot addition in my opinion.9/10"
76561197986197242,Recommended,291650,15667473,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,PlotinusRedux,"Wow.  A truely worthy sucessor to Baldur's Gate, and the glorious ressurection of a genre given up for dead.Best RPG of the last 10 years, hands down.Maybe there is something to this crowdsourcing thing after all."
76561198019297138,Recommended,291650,15667951,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,hawernawer,Great game. I've just finished it and I'm recommending it to all my friends :DThe only thing that I disliked about the game is that I miss D&D system on it.
76561197972445514,Recommended,291650,15065205,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Hellbishop,"PILLARS OF ETERNITY a fabulous rpg which has tons of stats and classes with layers of graphical depth to make one's character unique and their own in every way possible. Exploration and combat are excellent with graceful smooth interaction which enhances the magic and wonder of discovery with the contrasting explosive tense combat. It is a much welcomed evolutionary step up from the BALDUR'S GATE series of old.Music is soothing and transcending touching the mind with soft kisses from another world. Graphics are thick with endless variety and detail making the world feel alive with sensual delights and death threatening terror. Lighting is a mixture of the surreal, eerie and haunting casting a shimmering glow upon dungeon walls and lighting wooded areas with torches that can also be used in combat to set enemies on fire. Ancient machines glow with futuristic energies from unimaginable dimensions where time seems to have been shattered as glass into a nullified state where it has no bearing. Nights are a spooky neon blue or romantic velvet blue for the lovers out there.Voice acting makes me connect with my character and the npcs of the world triggering emotional moments whenever the unexpected happens. Alongside the incredibly well written grim story and theatrical effects like dramatic music while cutscenes play out or a battle is about to begin these are some of the best things about Pillars Of Eternity.I love how pausing was implemented during combat and how it can be turned on or off in the options menu. Combat is very fluid along with movement and has a certain action packed motion to it making one thirst for more battle which in turn made me want to explore every nook and cranny of the world not only for treasure,alchemy ingredients,supplies,npc interaction etc but for lethal visually stunning death dealing encounters.Another great thing are the options for people who suffer color blindness as well as font scaling to make text bigger which is great for.. older eyes :) You can also set up the pace of combat and many other things in the options menu to make things as comfortable as you want them to be according to your play style.Writing is truly stunning in its excellence. Its on a level of high caliber literature bringing the story home with the sizzling steak appeal of a LORD OF THE RINGS movie. Characters come across with endless range of personality making them very likeable even if they are scoundrels. Best writing i have seen in a rpg in ages since PLANESCAPE TORMENT complimented perfectly by top notch professional voice acting.Indeed PILLARS OF ETERNITY is a beautiful and shocking harsh world which draws one in and does not let go in its seductive hug er i mean grip yea BONE CRUSHING GRIP. Before i knew it three hours had passed and i was still hankering for more but alas real life needs a chore or two done :)If your looking for a very intense modern day Baldur's Gate style experiance with a different combat system with its mix of pause/turned based action Pillars Of Eternity is the rpg to satisfy the dnd fever in you with mind blowing writing fleshing out a grueling story of a brutal world where every day is a dark journey to survive.Thank you OBSIDIAN and congratulations on your magnificent creation."
,Recommended,291650,16856237,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Koda,"So, if you're a fan of the classic Infinity Engine games such as Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale then you're bound to feel at home here. A self-proclaimed spiritual successor to those titles, Pillars takes from them an enormous amount of what is good and familiar and applies a sleeker, modern veneer alongside a multitude of quality-of-life improvements.You probably know that already, though.So I'll just hit on a few things that I think worth mentioning:- Even though I was expecting something very familiar, the similarity to old IE games surprised me still. It really feels like they went out of their way to re-create that experience piece-for-piece.- The game took me just over 50 hours to complete, including all 15 levels of the Endless Paths of Od Nua and most (not quite all) side quests. This isn't bad, but it's not quite up to Baldur's Gate 2 in sheer scope of content, either.- The storytelling and art compliment each other well. The game is dark and atmospheric with a story that generally feels quite heavy while managing to avoid many fantasy RPG cliches. As far as the quality of narrative goes, this is one of the best in recent memory; better, I'd say, than nearly all D&D games.- I encountered a bug or two, but as of the time of this writing, nothing game-breaking.- I played on Normal for my first run through, and the difficulty seemed right on-par. Some encounters were challenging, many were not. The bosses weren't overwhelming, but didn't feel like complete push-overs either. Options exist to scale the difficulty upwards quite steeply, for those who do want an extreme challenge.- Many people are saying that the stronghold feels tacked-on. They're right, for the most part -- building it up doesn't feel terribly useful or rewarding. It's still neat, though. I'd rather have it there than not.- The way that combat experience works, you're awarded experience for killing new creatures up until a certain point (once the beastiary entry is completed). This is an interesting attempt to balance passive and aggressive play styles. It does seem to accomplish its goal, but I still think I would have preferred a traditional 'kill a mob, get some exp' system with a higher level cap. I hit 12 before the end of the content, after which fights began to feel a little more tedious.Overall, this is my favorite new game that I've played in a long time. It was great to be able to take (most of) the things I love about my favorite classic CRPGs and experience them as applied to a modern game and a new, awesome story."
,Recommended,291650,24517104,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Ziuwaz,"Played the game 3 times through. Twice without the addons and 2 times on PotD. I ♥♥♥♥ing loved it!The gameplay is great! Wonderfully created locations, rich with detail and supported with beautiful music that let's you immersively sink into the INSANELY deep lore. Characters come across differently, you earn a reputation and make decisions which change dialogue options and events as the game goes on.Combat is great and challenging. Encounters feel different every time. 2/3 runs of mine were on the highest difficulty and it was always fair. You had to plan everything, make use of traps, potions, crafting, scrolls, debuffs, etc but at NO point ever was it unfair. I always went for immersion, none of my 2 PotD chars were minmaxed!9/10-1 point for little details, that could have made immersion a little little bit better. Like the choice to make AoE completely INT-based, which meant that barbarians had high Intellect (RP-wise nonsense). Same for various reputations which got seperate numerical values. So you could have Deceptive 3 and Honest 4 and get a comment on your deceptive 3 or honest 4 reputation rather than a Honest 1-comment.But after all I would TOTALLY recommend this game! It'll be a great experience!"
76561198026873914,Recommended,291650,24241477,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Ghouleh,"(NO SPOILERS)EDIT: I have since played Pillars to completion multiple times, and can now offer a more satisfactory review. STILL, I'll leave the old review down here for future reference.>>OLD REVIEW<<<This is a great game that combines many of the aspects we enjoyed from old-school CRPGs like Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter Nights......except, I found myself that I am too old and lacking in time to enjoy games such as these anymore. And it is a crying shame, because from what I've played, Pillars of Eternity gets the formula just right, as expected of Obsidian. As such I must warn you that I barely even scratched this game's surface, but from what I've played, it's stupendous.>>NEW, UPDATED REVIEW<<It's great.I just didn't enjoy it.It's the mechanics, mostly. They just didn't click with me. It's to be expected. I unfortunately completely missed the Infinity Engine games when I was young, and so didn't develop an early taste for the classics, such as Baldur's Gate, Planescape Torment and all that.So - yes. The moment-to-moment gameplay felt like a chore to me. This is a COMPLETELY SUBJECTIVE NOTION and shouldn't be taken as an absolute. That's the reason I'm still giving this a positive review, and with a wide berth at that.Yet - I -had- to play it. I loved Tyranny to bits. It felt like Pillars-lite to me, and the mechanics clicked nicely with my preferences, even though they're not THAT different from it's spiritual predecessor. However, I realized that that game would probably never get a sequel, right around the time that Pillars 2's crowdfunding campaign came out. When I learned that it would import saves and decisions directly from the first game, I just had to buckle up and play it - four times, to be precise.It is with no shame at all that I'll say that I cheated all the way through. That's why I have no achievements, even though I spent quite a bit of time playing it. I had no love for the mechanics - I was just there because I'm a huge sucker for Obsidian's storytelling. In that, I can confidently say that Pillars did not disappoint. Not even a bit.My main, not-so-subjective criticism: Pillars isn't your babies' first medieval fantasy. There's a lot of very interesting lore all over the place. The problem being, that the game's first act is painfully, grindingly slow, and takes a while to hook you in. That's what turned me off in the beginning. Once I got past that, I was in the clear, and every morsel of lore felt like a reward.That's it, really. I won't spoil anything, so I'll just go ahead and say that the journey was long and at times painful - but definetly worth it if you're a fan of Obsidian's stuff. The story is compelling, the characters are universally fun and well-crafted (Well. Some more than others - looking at you, two characters written by Chris Avellone that are really hard to NOT keep in my party), and if you're a fan of the Infinity Engine cRPG formula, you're in for a blast."
,Recommended,291650,24346362,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,jono,"Probably the best RPG experiences I've had to date. My first playthrough was on Hard difficulty, and I'm working on a PoTD playthrough.Pros:-character building is impactful, unique (the interaction between stats happens in a way I haven't seen before), and fair. There are a lot of viable ways to build your party. The key is balance and having ways to solve certain types of puzzles.-Story is pretty good. and the choices your pc makes affect what happens in the world pretty significantly. I really enjoyed the ending :)-Fights are (in my opinion) quite fun in a technical way. Some of the basic mobs have really ""interesting"" traits that force you to think a bit. It's hard to cheese unless you build your party specifically for hit and run strats. Additionally, the game does a good job of mixing the mob types and environments to present some surprising challenges. Particularly in the expansions.-No experience for killing people, avoiding the common rpg pitfall of ""complete the quest then kill everyone"" with a gating mechanic.-Lots of well written and interesting side quests-Dev commentary is cool!-Puzzles that you can actually solve without a wiki ::glares at divinity::Cons:-NPC attributes are locked in. This feels bad, since the NPCs are so much more interesting than custom characters.-Last area feels like it's not fully fleshed out.-DLC content throws off the scaling of the game. You can adjust to improve enemy strength, but either way a well built party will make the game trivial later on (besides bosses, which always require planning + attention). I felt that the balance of the game was spot on before doing WM.-Lack of good attribute choices at the highest character levels. In a lot of cases you'll end up just taking stuff you ignored for better things at previous levels.Definitely recommend for anyone who likes a mental challenge and doesn't mind a lot of reading."
,Recommended,291650,33781633,Posted: 25 July,all,Candynuts,Fun game.  Finished the base game (no DLC) in about 64-65 hours and still left a good 20-30 hours.  Very expansive game with a good enough story to make the hours of grinding worth it.
,Recommended,291650,35398767,Posted: 1 October,all,Derrick Walthers,"Wow, what a journey it has been. Long loading screens and terrible pathing aside, this is a solid RPG. In-depth storytelling, tons of content, there's just so much to explore. I definitely recommend this to both old-school RPG fans and newcomers.I cannot wait for Pillars of Eternity II: Deadfire."
76561197988324591,Recommended,291650,15466401,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,voodoodoll,"If you loved Baldur's Gate, buy it - it's basically that, plus a Fast Mode for traversing the map.If you never played Baldur's Gate, buy it - there may yet be hope for you.If you hated Baldur's Gate, buy it - the time you must spend in hell might be shortened."
76561198116220047,Recommended,291650,15396304,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Sladewins,"12/10 - No day one DLC no marketplace.  No way to spend more money yet.  I should end the review right there.I really enjoyed this game.  I grew up on the IE and while this is not exactly the same it felt more like it that anything else has.Story was great, interactions between people were great.  Combat was fun and strategic.No gathering mindless sidequests!  Each one had a unique story and outcome, which was refreshing.If you like this type of RPG you will not regret picking this up and playing it.  I hope they make more!"
,Recommended,291650,15069252,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Hexador,"In the first few minutes of play alone I am brought back to the game that began my love for RPGS: Neverwinter Nights.Pillars of Eternity not only puts the player in the middle of the conflict, it makes them a part of it. While that may seem like trivial semantics, the sense of involvement it creates for me is phenominal.Unlike other ""classic"" RPGS like Baldurs Gate and Wasteland 2, that special sense of attatchment you feel to the first character you roll up doesn't get taken away by an overbearing story you are being told. Nor is your party just a bunch of different stats you chose to make up for the weaknesses of other party members. Like a true session of table top role playing, you are given a situation and asked to participate. Just keep in mind you aren't participating alone, despite this being a single player game.If you are a fan of interesting stories and characters, consequential decision making outside the good and evil spectrum, and RPGs in general, this game is for you.If you enjoyed The Witcher, Neverwinter Nights/NWN 2, Starwars: Knights of the Old Republic, or Dragon Age: Origins, you will enjoy this."
76561198006592131,Recommended,291650,15104561,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Sinjen Blackstar,"A worthy Successor to the style of RPG we all loved in Baldur's gate and its sequels.  If you loved Baldur's Gate and Baldur's Gate 2, I feel you will enjoy this game."
76561198060984070,Recommended,291650,33844828,Posted: 27 July,all,Angry Uncle,"This game was. A. Delight.TLDR: Great story, fun or at least passable content, well-written and generally interesting characters (even the ones you don't like), surprising replay value, worth a look if you're into actual RPG's, where choices matter, the stories are epic and the world building is phenomenal.Longer Version:The story is wonderfully written, from the main quests to the side journeys, from the heart-warmingly good bits, to the garrish and stomach churning bits. Something I note because all too often any story, game or otherwise, usually tends to be good at only one end of the spectrum, Pillars of Eternity has range. This game gets you to love characters, and hate them, brings you joy when one event happens, and sickens or enrages you the next. It makes you choose, and rewards you in the end by making those choices matter.It also does something very interesting involving your protagonist's personal story, instead of being a blank slate or a character with one of a few small but quasi-flushed out backstories, it let's you organically write your own history via conversation options throughout the game. A character will ask you something about your past, and you give the answer, deciding, in that moment, what the truth of the answer is, because there isn't a wrong one, they don't call you out and say ""No, that's not right."", the answer you give is the truth for your character, which can be initially disorienting for players (like myself) that are used to having their backgrounds written for them in these sorts of games, but feels better and more engaging the longer you play and the deeper into the game you progress.Like any work of fiction some quests and characters are richer than others, but it isn't a glaring fault, and no one and nothing sticks out as jarringly negative.Mechanically speaking the game is fun, and depending on your difficulty setting, can be simple and fast paced, or palm sweat inducing, and micro-management heavy. The choice is yours and the difficulty settings are upfront and (in my opinion) accurate in their assessment of game impact. Combat is enjoyable, the npc group members each bring something differenty to the party, and combat mechanics are generally very satisfying. One mechanic outside of battle I particulary enjoy are the ""Scripted Scenes"", imagine something like a combination of cut-scene and quick time event, that's beautifully written instead of beautifully rendered; wherein the player chooses how to react, but is limited by their skills and previous game choices, instead of their button mashing skills.It's fun, the story is great, it has a few choice and novel mechanics and concepts that stand out and by which you'll remember the game, and it's an enjoyable time sync. If you let yourself you can be sucked in for hours, or if you don't have time you can sit and play for half-an-hour to fourty-five minutes, and unless your in a story intensive section, walk away and come back another day. I really recommend this game for anyone out there looking for a great fantasy romp with intelligent, well written good guys, bad guys and everything in between."
76561197960270077,Recommended,291650,15213835,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Mej[א],This game is great.
76561197994992427,Recommended,291650,15241114,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Sergeant James Dunril,"""By the time the final credits roll, you’ll be left in no doubt that what you’ve experienced is a modern classic of the role-playing game genre. Obsidian set out to create a spiritual successor to classic role-playing games. But instead of feeling like a pale imitation of past glories, Pillars of Eternity manages to join their ranks. It is, quite frankly, one of the best role-playing games ever made.""http://www.continue-play.com/review/pillars-of-eternity-review/I think that quote sums it up. I grew up on Neverwinter Nights 1, and Baldurs. Replaying this feels like the past is stepping into a modern light. It's surprisingly difficult, even on easy setting, but anything worth while is worth effort. I found myself exploring side quests, factions in a rich setting filled with waring factions, a declining empire, and the settlers vs. natives.The story is surprisingly detailed, I'll give you all the praises in the world about Pillars of Eternity but you have to try it yourself."
,Recommended,291650,15212834,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,shamblerhero,"Let's get the bad things out of the way first.Cons:- Terrible default controlsThat's about everything I hated in this game, but after much strategizing and rebinding, which involved:- Moving the map scroll keys from the directional pad to WASD- inventory to C,- map to TAB- next char/prev char to Q and E respectively,- reveal interactable objects to VAnd a whole bunch of other QoL improvements. The general idea is to completely remove my reliance from the other half of the keyboard, particularly the right side since I am right-handed and that's reserved to my mouse. Infinity Engine games needed this option like real bad. My settings are not intuitive for the casual gamer, but Diablo 3 taught me there were better ways to access my inventory besides going all the way to I. And Diablo 3 is pretty casual.But once all these are set, and I got used to my own controls, I am able to immerse myself in the game completely. No more glancing on the keyboard, no more groping for the right key - my eyes are on the game 100%, enjoying the sheer narrative bliss, the engaging tactical combat, and the captivating story that keeps me at the edge of my seat.This is a true successor to the infinity engine games. I would love to see Baldur's Gate on this engine, with its stunning visuals, pleasant to the eye yet evokes the imagination. This is the enigma that Bioware left behind instead of improving upon. While Dragon Age: Inquisition is a glorious adventure in its own right, my heart belongs to Eternity!Long live Obsidian!"
76561198007008088,Recommended,291650,15218736,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Kir,"I have just finished the game, 54 hours, level 12 and It has a good aftertaste if I may say so. It feels like it was a long jorney full of dangers and adventures. The game has a spirit after all."
76561198040421506,Recommended,291650,15236126,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Rak72,"I'm about 40 hours in and enjoying it very much.  You can see the love and care that was put into the game  - something Bioware lost between Dragon age Origins and Inquisition.  Despite the flashy graphics of DAI, this game really makes you realize what an empty vessel that game is.The side quests are all very well done, no fedex here.  You are also given the ability to shape your character's personality whatever way you choose  - complete jerkass to saint.I also love collecting all the little pets along the way. The cat's walking animation is spot on.If you like the old school Baulders Gate type games, get this.I give it about a 9"
,Recommended,291650,15212940,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Sartor Resartus,"People spend a lot of time reminiscing about their gaming past. Few sub-groups do this as vocally and with as much affection as fans of traditional RPGs like the near-legendary Infinity Engine games: Baldur's Gate, Neverwinter, etc. This might be because so many of those gamers found these games in tandem with traditional pen-and-paper RPGs, which is understandable when you see how much similarity there is between the two.Publishers and developers of course play on this nostalgia and claim that their title will be the game that ushers in a resurrection of the classic RPG - a grand return to the days of high adventure. And of course they are consistently wrong because pitching a 50+ hour game with thousands of pages of text to read through is a hard sell.Fear not these false prophets, though, for Obsidian has delivered unto you a second coming of traditional swordplay, wizardy, and esoteric lore. Lead us not unto Dragon Age. Deliver us from The Witcher. For Pillars of Eternity is the power and the glory. It's every D&D session in a moldy basement, every late Saturday night in the cold glow of a CRT displaying Icewind Dale, distilled into one game and freshened up just enough to make it more functional to a current audience. And that's it. It's a very *pure* experience. I can't give it better praise than that.This shows you what a team can do when the budget isn't being poured into marketing, graphics, and bloated staffs. Exemplary work."
76561198120881329,Recommended,291650,21269058,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,chiaroscuro_mosaic,Excellent RPG with an old school feel. Poke into every corner. Talk to everyone. Find multiple solutions to your problems.And make choices that feel like they actually matter.
76561197970353880,Recommended,291650,21315115,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Ashbringer,"Worth every penny. Best Baldurs gate style game since the legendary game itself...it brings a nice engine a great plot, atmospheric music and a great feel to the whole game. Choices are the key to how the game progresses and how people will react and treat you.It has most interesting companions since Dragon Age - Origins and really tests your tactics and strategy...a tip though don't go unprepared into places, like old RPGs you will be punished for being stupid or rash. So if you like a great plot, love fantasy and like to play tactically...its a must buy.Great game...any pain you have learning the basics (if you haven't played this style of game before) is well worth it."
76561198008053826,Recommended,291650,16578369,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Neshamah,"A truly awesome game !  Deep, rich, and addictive, this modern rendition of the old 'table-top' style game is definitely a keeper.  If you are a fan of 'isometric' games, this one will blow you away.  Do yourself a favor and buy this game."
76561198078993974,Recommended,291650,15499890,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,dans98764,"very impressive, tried this kind of game before and was hard to get into , like i needed to look through a manual to figure everything out at every turn, this has tons of complexity but is very user friendly - eg. hover your mouse over any stat, effect ect. and a popup will explain its effects.it is fun and addictive, tactical combat not dumbed down at all. would reccomend for sure"
76561198091495444,Recommended,291650,15617845,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,CrEScenT,Best RPG game since Baldur's Gate.
76561198084724100,Recommended,291650,15822537,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,jonathanjpmarsh,"Thoroughly enjoyed it. Thanks for giving back the old RPG style games like Baldurs gate/ NWN's. I sincerely hope you bring out a few expansions.Only down side gold npc's... i literally bypassed all of them... there was nothing to gain from reading all that text... sure its great to get the backers involved but telling me about it during the game?... immersion breaker number 1 (which is light... but still an immersion breaker. There was no real point to them being there...)2nd immersion breaker which... was the tombstone memorial tabs throughout the game... leaving messages from backers/helpers or whatever they were in the game was a complete immersion breaker... then half way through the game looking at the loading screens messages was advised that they knew this would break the immersion but put it there anyway was just silly i think. Give them credit? ABSOLUTELY!!! give credit where it is due... but give credit in the ""CREDITS"" section like everyone else. Big spoiler.I still love the game, a few balancing issues to work on however my review was just to highlight x2 things. 1 I thought the game was absolutely fantasitc, from the storyline/graphics/new style RPG/new classes i have never seen was great!!2nd was just a message to the developers.. please don't spoil the immersion by putting in the tombstone comments from people in the game...8/10. Definately worth the money :) just certainly not the $45 extra for Royal addition?!?!?! cash grab anyone? O_OMy gameplay (on hard.. will give it a few days before i go into the hardest setting... should be good!)Well where to begin. I have restarted this game many times to find what i thought was my ultimate character / team and found the cipher to be quite good as a main. Dual wielding stilletto with high dex, per, int, res with only 3 con and 3 str and i was still able to king nearly every fight without throwing the meatbag fighter in front to deflect dmg. main reason why i dumped str and con was so i could win the battle-by-speeches. So many areas where you needed high res or int to get the desired outcomes. Play this build and you'll get maximum enjoyablility! meh.. personal preference i suppose. My Cipher / Duo with rogue (as in cipher provide prone/paralysis etc on aoe enemies and let the rogue to town dishing monumental damage over time if built correctly / fighter /  druid who was max might/ dex and a bear transformation! 50 dmg for the majority of hits!! the team was just unbeatable... and cmon... its a gigantic bear! just love the graphics/animations. i left the other two slots open so i can carry the playable game characters and finish their quests just to ensure i covered every quest i could locate."
76561198016743607,Recommended,291650,28931263,Posted: 1 January,all,anbrewk,"As a huge fan of BG, BG2, FO and FO2, I am loving this game. It is so well written, the story is unique and engaging and the gameplay (combat, inventory/party management and story interaction) is much improved over its predecessors. I cannot recommend this game enough for fans of isometric text-heavy RPGs."
,Recommended,291650,23839534,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,whaler223,"PLAY THIS GAME IF YOU LIKE AMAZING STORIES! SERIOUSLY IT IS ABSOLUTLY AMAZING!i only played it for like 40hours before finishing the main story and i didnt even complete all the sidequests, and ALL of the sidequests have a little bit of story so i kinda felt like i missed some story when i completed it. DO NOT rush through this game it is horrible if you do, there isnt much in terms of replayability unless you like the old school style turn based combat on harder difficulties (i do) and if u do rush through this youll probably finish it in like 20hours or less (probably much less) in which case youll feel like you didnt get enough for your money. if u love isometric rpgs with amazing storys then get this regardless of a sale. if you just want a good story but dont like this games kind of combat just wait for a sale and set the difficulty to easy or story mode so you dont have a tough time with it because it can get quite challenging especially early on and on the higher difficulties since u might accidentaly stumble on a high level dungeon or area and just be completly outmatched by the enemies there."
,Recommended,291650,23521855,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,azyr,"This is the kind of game you'd make sure you weren't going to be interrupted playing. Don't get me wrong, you can breeze through it with all the breaks you want - but to really cherish it you want some alone time.Preferably a few drinks, some chips - and a few days off from any responsibilities you might have.A top notch RPG and a must buy for anyone interested in a proper told story or/and a great isometric game. The atmosphere pulls you in, the graphics are very decent for what they are and the music and cutscenes really seal the deal."
,Recommended,291650,21230774,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,=7Cav=RET.Gus.J,"Best CRPG I've played since a long time. Much to explore, much to converse, much to slay."
76561198005325901,Recommended,291650,30180105,Posted: 25 February,all,omlete du fromage,For sure 10/10Great atmosphere like no other game this days.Sounds and locations are amazing.Wish for more .
76561198260342389,Recommended,291650,32875224,Posted: 27 June,all,meowsaccre,Great throwback to old school rpgs. Scratches ple ty of itches.
76561198057296366,Recommended,291650,33629156,Posted: 18 July,all,Noki,"Just to preface this: I finished this game once so far, although most of my playtime has been off-steam.So, PoE is pretty much old school CRPG incarnate. It's deep, it's complex. Compared to modern RPGs (looking at you, Bethesda and nowadays' Bioware) it's deliberately complicated. If you expect this game to be a Diablo-like Hack'n'Slasher you will get your face kicked in and probably be disappointed. It's just as technical as the old AD&D games - and then some.The game's setting is pretty bleak, which might put some people off. It's not boring, it's not uninspired - far from it, actually. This is one of the more innovative universes in the modern RPG genre. But it's also a crappy, crappy world. Usually, there's not even a silver streak of hope to be seen on the horizon. The very first town you'll enter will pretty much greet you with a gallow tree with dozens of corpses dangling from its branches. This is purely subjective, but at times I found myself not wanting to play the game because the setting is just *so* downer.The writing is top-notch, however. Most of the characters are pretty well written and have some interesting twists to their personality. Not all of them, mind you, but most. The quest-lines are engaging and make you want for more. There's usually no grinding involved and the MMO-style fetch quests are kept to a minimum. The game is very wordy to a point where it - positively - reminds me of good old Planescape: Torment.A nice touch is that the general narrative (e.g. your party scaling a cliffside or trying to break through a dungeon wall) isn't presented in the usual dialogue box but in a very neat and well illustrated 'digital textbook' as I like to call it, which adds to the overall flair of PoE as a kind of interactive fantasy novel.tl;dr: RECOMMENDED, if you're into old-school CRPGs like Baldur's Gate, Planescape: Torment or Icewind Dale and (best case) have some under your belt already.NOT RECOMMENDED if you're into fast-paced action RPGs and are looking for a quick slash-and-loot affair."
,Recommended,291650,33904124,Posted: 30 July,all,Harangerish,"This game actually captures some of the spirit of Baldur's Gate.Now to some of you, this might not seem like much of an achievement, but Baldur's Gate was such a landmark for the genre, it redefined how these games were made. The adventure and the writing packed into that game was amazing, and POE tries to capture the magic again, and in some ways it works. The game isn't totally Baldur's Gate, though. I found the story somewhat meh at times, the side quests weren't as grand, but the world, the graphics, and the sense of adventure of parts of this game is just great. I think it is the better one between Tyranny and this. Good game.To adress the price issues during the summer sale, it's over. I bought the game before the whole problem, and it is a really scummy buisness practice, but Paradox apologized and compensated for their mistake. You get a free game or free dlcs if you bought the game within the period. So pick it up if you enjoy the older RPG formula, because it's great."
76561198044666546,Recommended,291650,33941048,Posted: 31 July,all,SirMrEsquire,"It's good. If you liked BG and BG2, this is like the sequal the you've been waiting for. Be patient. Give it a bit to learn the combat again, and you'll be transported into a dark fantasy world where your actions really matter.Pros:-Combat-Party-Length-Story-Character CustomizationCons:-Muted Color Pallet-You need to read a lot (this isn't like skyrim)-Combat can be challenging"
,Recommended,291650,33396533,Posted: 9 July,all,Ghede,Three very enthusiastic thumbs up.
,Recommended,291650,33915852,Posted: 30 July,all,RGNinja [GWJ],"70+ hours in a game isn't something that happens very often for me. The world of Pillars is a joy to be in, and there's a really deep combat system if you want to dig in. The story is good, though not great. If Baldur's Gate and the like are at all familiar to you, then this game will be too. It's certainly an homage to that style."
,Recommended,291650,25449790,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,goal:dilmun,"Simply a great game. I see people saying stuff like it's the ""best since Baldurs Gate"", but in my opinion, that's wrong. This is better than Baldurs Gate. I'm not aware of any current RPG that can match this game, neither in story nor gameplay. It's very deep in the character customisation, which is what's lacking in most modern RPGs, and the most important thing for me when it comes to these kinds of games.I'm not sure I like the game setting all that much, though. It is a bit lacking in atmosphere. The races and classes aren't very inventive either. You get the impression they feel they need to be original and have to make up their own stuff, but in the end they really might have just as well gone with the standard elves and halflings and all that - their inventions really don't add anything to the experience.Those are obviously minor problems. The game setting is a bit boring, but not annoying like the Elder Scrolls one for example. The good really outweighs the bad here. There is also a lot of emphasis on exploration, which is another thing i enjoy in games, and I think the solution to the balance between exploring and fast travel works well. Also, the music is wonderful, which is allways a great plus and increases immersion in and enjoyment of the game.I would most definately recommend this game to any fan of rpg-type games, for the reasons stated above."
76561197986966697,Recommended,291650,15505482,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Joshalith,"At 15 hours of gameplay I strongly recommendIf you liked games like Icewind Dale and Baldur's Gate, or are a fan of classic style RPGs you will enjoy this game.The pricepoint may be discouraging to people who look at it as $45 for a 2D game but the RPG elements are truly well done, the world is immersive, the characters are interesting and the gameplay has that familiar tough but fun feel of older RPGs.Rather than write paragraphs of why I'm enjoying this game I've decided that a list would be both easier to read and summarise the features that I've found enjoyable:The 2D art is amazing and the pre-rendered backgrounds look excellentThe conversation has a depth that allows your character's background or attributes to be relevantThere are multiple paths to the scenarios I've encountered so farCombat on higher difficulties requires thought and careful planningThe classes are interesting, and while there are still a few familiar faces amongst typical RPG classes there are a few classes may have been inspired by more recent RPGs which brings new facets to classic gameplayThe stronghold is a more recent feature to RPGs that allows players to become invested in an asset which functions in game timeSO MUCH LORE.There are a lot of short stories tied to named characters for those who like to readAnd finally the two most important features I'd like to note:There are ElvesI can play a RangerI would have liked to have seen the option for LAN or Internet connection for cooperative multiplayer, a little more customization for the character models and portraits, and I have the concern that players that are new to this kind of game may get lost (I know I've felt a little lost once or twice already and needed to consult the Journal)."
76561198098305430,Recommended,291650,15158959,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Cathulhu,Love this game!
76561198045497705,Recommended,291650,23133073,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,victorvaldez4,"If you're new to this genre of games, then it has a bit of learning curve, but once you get the gist of game mechanics, then the game is really immersive. The story is interesting and flexible, you can play go through the story however you want; as a good guy or a bad guy. Combat is a little dull at times, but extremely challenging on others, which keeps you keen and on your feet as you go through the game, you can choose to avoid confrtontations if you'd like through careful choice of responses. All these factors put together make the game have high replayability.TL;DR: Strongly Recommend!"
,Recommended,291650,15499990,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Ellis 51773,"5 hours after I started, I finished the introduction. Worth the money. Would play again."
76561197970807880,Recommended,291650,15735454,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,SilentButDeadly,"I was a little underwhelmed by the production values the first few minutes. But as I got more and more into the game I became addicted to the detailed, well balanced gameplay and amazing writing quality. Eventually I put in 114.6 hours into the game, all well worth it."
,Recommended,291650,17733266,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Im Pickle Rickkkkk,"I've only played about 4 hours but this is one of the best games I've played in a long time. It reminds me a lot of Baldurs Gate. I'm the kind of person that likes Fallout 3, Skyrim, Diablo 3, Final Fantasy, so if you like those games, check this one out. You won't be dissapointed!"
76561197966721701,Recommended,291650,17530156,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Father Ribs,"I just started playing Pillars of Eternity today. Fifteen hours later (hey, it's my day off!), I can say this pushes every button an old AD&D player can think of. I prefer when combat is this detailed that things be turn-based, and sometimes it's a little difficult to follow some of the larger melees especially when you want to attack one particular target, and I never was a fan of the concept of spellbooks but otherwise mmmm-hmmmm.Great characters, backstory, lots of lore, lots of tweaking, and hey, your own keep. It may not be Skyrim, but it's better in some ways, worse in others. Worth checking if you like real RPGs and don't mind a lot of reading.  Great writing!  I can't count how many LAND OF GOOLEY-DOOLEY makeup fantasy worlds of blah there are, but this world is good stuff, and nuanced.  Cudos and thank you everyone who backed this being made."
76561198050983182,Recommended,291650,16220591,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,henrywiddas,"Just had an epic battle with my Z character, Zina the Paladin: tried to sneak in on the bandits at the black meadow from the other direction for a change, sneaking past four trolls to get to the back entrance as it were :)Started attacking the bandits and it somehow alerted the four trolls so it was my party of 5 vs 4 trolls and 6 bandits.To make matters worse Kana was dead in a couple of seconds as he got hit by some nasty disengagement attacks so had no chance of summoning a meat shield.So we now have 4 vs 10 and I'm thinking I'm dead but managed to freeze a troll, blocking the other 3 trolls behind it, I then took out the bandit leader while Durance buffed like crazy.4 vs 9 now so odds looking slightly better but still nigh on impossible...unless...I tried to tempt the trolls to attack the bandits and it worked!Before I knew it I'd won the battle, simples lolI then came acorss two tree monsters like Ents from Lord of the Rings I'd not seen before.Can't believe I'm on my 26th run and still floundering in the early game but discovering loads of new ♥♥♥♥ every run, what a game!"
,Recommended,291650,33191315,Posted: 3 July,all,DarthAgeddon,Great classic RPG in the vein of Baldur's Gate/Icewind Dale. Original story and fluid mechanics make this a pleasant experience. Highly recommended to fans of tabletop/western RPGs!
,Recommended,291650,23455719,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,stratozeus,"Just finished and after 80+ hours of solid gameplay I can honestly say this is one of the best RPGs I have played in years.The attention to detail is extravagant.  The story and overall writing is superb.  I have never felt so immersed in a game from all of the decisions you can make that truly impact the game.  Also, the amount of control over character attributes/statistics helps build dynamic combat strategies that keeps the game fresh.There just isn't enough positive things I can say about this game other than I highly recommend it.  I have been playing RPGs for 20+ years and this one easily ranks in the top 5.  If you haven't played it - do it!"
76561198054218187,Recommended,291650,25830376,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,OhNoes,"Great RPG game overallPros:1. Quite interesting tactical combat, a lot of challenging fights2. Appealing graphics3, Quite callenging (beaten game twice pre/post WM DLCs on highest difficulty)4. Plot is great compared to 95% of modern games.5. above average replay value6. quite interesting system with various weapons.7. Almost forgot to mention this - it is the first RPG i played that FINALLY got rid of inventory managment!!!Cons:1. Plot could be a bit better considering it is Obsidian. Too much about Gods etc... to my taste.2. Way you are getting experience points is a bit flawed - beginning is very hard, but after a while you will outlevel everything and game will be a way too easy. I know it can be avoided, but i still think it is somewhat a design fail3. Personally i like character building system, but i think it lacks variety.Overall 8.5/10one of my favourite games."
76561198098582347,Recommended,291650,25316935,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,foxinsox2,"The 290-odd hours I've put into this game would have been enough to finish writing my novel.I probably spent most of that just messing around with character generation.I am so weak.Two thumbs up, Pillars of Eternity.  I hate you."
76561198058914095,Recommended,291650,31001236,Posted: 7 April,all,Jdsourr,"10/10This game brings back memories of playing Baldurs gate.Easy to understand interface, and art style used in this game is outstanding.Deep CRPG character elements and interesting party members to join up with.Story is Dark, but for me that makes it better.Obsidian definitely know what they are doing when it comes to CRPG titles."
,Recommended,291650,24888771,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,chimosh,"Solid game.I love to be taken back to some old school games, like this one does. It really is like playing Baldurs Gate.It has all the old school RPG elements one would look for.In Depth StoryLots of Side QuestsLarge number of ClassesLootLots of Dialog with good/bad/neutral decisions.Heaps of game Lore - Great for those that want to sink hours into reading text about the world and its inhabitantsGood Number of monster variety.Lengthy play-throughI take issue with a few things that annoy me.The pathing in combat is absolutely frustrating, along with the combat system itself. Look this is personal preference, and I understand that many players may like this type of combat. But for me, its breaks the submersion of the game.I am at odds as to why someone would try to make a turn based combat game into a real time action game, but then have the player pause the game to constantly re-evaluate the situation. More so because I am playing on hard and I find myself pausing every second to make changes, which makes jitter constantly.The combat feels like work, not play. I just cannot stand the way it functions. I really do not enjoy it at all.I would rather the game be designed either for full turn based combat, or for full real time - no pause.But in saying that the game is so strong in every other department it is over all very fun to play.The added feature of having a keep and being able to repair it and own land, is interesting. Its not overly complicated or in depth, but its still neat.Oh and I wish there was more voice acting, because its great!I say pick this up for full price if you can afford. Otherwise wait till on special. It will consume much of your time and you will enjoy it.-EDIT-Holy load screen batman, probably the biggest downfall for this game is the amount of load screens, I have a SSD and it is still extremely frustrating. It will annoy you. I guarantee it."
,Recommended,291650,15351033,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Unvaluedfall11,"I loved it after it took me 30 minutes to just create my character, there are so many options for this game you could never have the same outcome, because there are so many!"
,Recommended,291650,15253977,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Tu Padrino,"I never write reviews, but this game deserves one.IIf you care too much about graphics, AAA game cutscenes, fast paced 0 depth combat you are not going to like this game. This game actually requires strategy, you have to know actually what youre doing in big combats, pausing the came constantly, repositioning your companions (you have to manage 6 characters at one point), casting spells acordingly to the situation, Interrupting-focusing high threatening targets.So, for the lads with no experience with this kind of RPG.1.- You just cant pop all of your skills and kill everything while you heal infinitely using potions.2.- There is no Millions of damage skills (*I reck everything  spamming a single button*).3.- Traps in dungeons are no ♥♥♥♥ing joke, they obliterate you.4.- You have to read a lot if you want to entoy the story (YES, READ)5.- No, you cant be lvl 100.6.- Some batlles are so tough you will cry.To Finish, the writing is very good, The pre rendered HD visuals looks stunning no matter what people say, this is a beatutifull game, the sound and the soundtrack is really good and feels on point on what you are doing. i dont want to spoil you anything, but this game has so much depth its scary. I havent messed yet with the enchanting system, or crafting, but its all there, everything a good rpg should have is there.This game takes the RPG'S genre to its former glory, there is nothing like it right now, if you liked Baldurs Gate, Dungeon Siege 1 and the likes YOU CANT MISS THIS ONE.IT´S THE BEST RPG RIGHT NOW, THERE´S NOTHING LIKE IT,  IT´'S JUST THAT GOOD.  10/10"
,Recommended,291650,15224807,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Niewidzialny Panda,"Great game, pretty challenging, 100% worth buying."
76561198158101196,Not Recommended,291650,17362651,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,BarrelJumper,"I thought I would enjoy this game like I did Icewided Dale, but I don't. Some of the interface and game mechanics are unituitive leaving a high learning curve. There is so much reading I felt like I was studying for a test. If you think you might like it I would say buy it and play for an hour. If you don't like it then return it. Don't do like I did and keep playing thinking you'll learn to like it, I didn't. Now I'm stuck with an expencive game I'm not going to play."
,Not Recommended,291650,18968034,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,piranuy,"Was so exited to play this game, but...Pros:- Old school- Pretty graphics- Font size could be expanded (I like to play on TV)- A lot of nice and comfortable tips in char creation windowCons:- A lot of unusefull spells/skills (unless it's the only skill that is left unspend)- Semi realtime (pause\unpause) battles make it really hard to move chars to their desired positions and use skills (instead I prefer solid turn-based system)- Started to play on Normal with single save - first two-three maps convinced me that the opponens are easy peaces and I relaxed a bit, but next map just wiped off the party with no struggle, replay showed that all of next maps are much more severe and requires a big party (expected some ballance here...)- Maybe with some practice you will know how to avoid danger or battle with a small party (1-2 chars) but first run even on normal surely will require you to get a lot of meat in your teamAll my cons are about gameplay and it's really frustrating. Will finish the story but with not much fun."
,Recommended,291650,22717779,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,olavthecrossdressingviking,I have not had an RPG experience like this since I found an unopened collectors edition of Baulder's Gate 2 at a thrift store. There is a magic to this game that few other games have. The story is compelling and simply fantastic. This is a hard game but well worth the effort. 10/10
,Recommended,291650,33710521,Posted: 21 July,all,Calico Morgan,"I write this review knowing full well I'll probably get beaten to death in an alley way somewhere. But I wanted to review because this game is a lot of fun to me. It is my first iso rpg (yeah, I know. And yes, I was alive in the 90's...I'm sorry...). I wanted to get it for a while now because I saw some reviews on it by Gameranx saying it was a pretty good iso rpg and I had been wanted to try a good one to see if it was something I would like (I've been struggling to find out what kind of games I truly like). I'm only about 30 hours in, but boy do I love it. The story and lore is hugely interesting and complex (though after researching Dark Souls lore, Pillars isn't too bad) and the gameplay is challenging but rewarding. I won't like, I'm QUITE horrible at this game, but I still really enjoy it. I've gotten stuck at combat parts MANY times, but it never feels too monotonous to try and try again until I succeed.The death of the woman companion at the beginning of the game (kinda the tutorial) made me feel SO bad and kind of got me attached to the story. I didn't actually take any companions for a while cause I felt pretty terrible. Some characters have that effect on me. Some are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and I hate them, some are funny, others annoying, and all of them engaging.Now I read a lot of negative comments about the shenanigans with the pre-Steam sale price hike. That's a♥♥♥♥♥♥move no matter what company or group it is and I don't much care for that stuff. However, I never noticed that before my purchase and it never directly affected me, so I can't say one way or another anything on THAT matter. All I can say is that this game was on my wishlist for quite a long time, so the moment it went on sale at a decent price, I picked it up, and I haven't regreted it yet.Looking forward to continuing my journey in this great iso rpg."
76561198008783877,Recommended,291650,32654531,Posted: 22 June,all,Pepedogey,Great game. Recommend to any RPG fan.
,Recommended,291650,21253464,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Guntario,"Amazing game. Huge learning curve, but worth it. I found the game extremely hard even on normal and had to finish it on easy, but in my experience, all their games have been like that. I can't recommend this game enough."
76561198039484971,Recommended,291650,31529695,Posted: 3 May,all,Galactic Chicken,"AN OLD SCHOOL CRPG'ER, WHO WASNT THAT MUCH INTO BALDUR'S GATE..I'm gonna be honest here, I've had this game for a year or so...Played 30 hours and put it aside.So what am I doing here, why more than 30 hours, and why do I like this one if I diden't like BG ( good question)?!1. Its the world; this isn't D&D, this isn't Forgotten realms, Dark Sun...etc etc..everything were used to when playing an Infinity engine game..no magic missles, no sleep, and no 18/00 + chars, maxed out and doing max damage..the skills and stats are way different, your never gonna heal up your party after each fight unless they never get hit, or you just rest all together ( yep, resting is an important mechanic that you're just gonna have to play the game to figure it out).2. The wide and verying char classes; if I actually got into this part like it deserves, there probably wouldent be enough room, plus you guys would get cheated of the chance to slogg through this part yourselves (which is why we play good old rpg's in the first place, so there) suffice it to say, its dam good, its refreshing, and if you even remotly enjoy  actually role playing your chars, you're gonna have fun...you will be hooked, and remember, this aint D&D so time to relearn EVERYTHNG you were expecting, and GET A FREAKING DRUID, AND A HEALER ( they call them preists) because YOU WILL GET CHARMED, AND TURNED TO STONE..etc etc..with your awesome godlike fighter, who is only good at hitting things (go figure).3. the graffics; I honestly don't remember BG looking this good.Now I know this is a new game and all, they have the new ""updated"" BG, but this game looks damn pretty, sneaking through the hollowed halls of long forgotten temples as the torchlight flickers, watching the shadows waning in the twillight hunkerd down in a cops of trees awaiting the silver moonlight strands as the fireflies flutter about (because SOME OF US prefer to hunt at night). Everything looks just fine here, and some of the special abilities (usually being used against you) look fantastic, and will scare the living #### out of you when they go off.4 DRAGON'S.5. the writting and quests;.....oh man....I'm not gonna start..some of the decissions you have to make, but since you can do multiple playthroughs (and you will want to, this the good part). I can already tell my next playthrough is going to be completely different and I have yet to reach the second chapter..the choices...all this stuff right here should be enough of an endorsment, but if you're into instant gratitude, or charging through the story like some kinda super linguest, YOU ARE GOING TO MISS ALOT. This isnt the type of game you blaze through..turn off quest markers and give yourself a challenge, this is a thinking mans game, rarely are there straight foreward quests where you're just killing point B for point A..but you can if you want too I soppose.6. the world.....yeah...its that good..7. OH YEAH, THE SOUNDTRACK; So this game has a full orchestral soundtrack, its got the moody stuff, its got the happy stuff, and its got some of the best encounter music in any game. No lie folks (and I'm suprised more people don't point this out), look it up on YouTube. Everytime you have a fight (if you like orchestral soundtracks), its freakin bad a##, wether you live or die.Its not constant in the ""real world"", but when it slips in and out it really does set the mood. It is quite capable, and draws you in if you like that kinda thing (which if you like D&D and you're looking at this game, I'm gonna say ""yeah, you do""). this to me is important in this kinda game, and should be noted (I'm thinking if John Williams did a D&D movie right after The Empire Strikes Back, this is what it would sound like, so props to whoever did it), so good music-CHECK !So the only real con I have found so far is sometimes the pathfinding seems kinda lost (only durring fights oddly enough). perhaps its because I'm trying to fit an 8ft tall chanter between my godlike fighter and my supple paladin ( I don't know, I have to playtest this further) but it comes up when your guys arent ""forming that line"" like you told them to, dosn't happend much (twice so far for me) but it was near doorways, or otherwise tight spaces so like I said ""I have to check this out for myself"".Thats pretty much it...if you like taking your time, and figuring out all this cool stuff, looking at little dudes whacking forest trolls phantoms and demons or other dudes, with a deep tactical system, with spells swords and all that stuff, great writing, really pretty world..etc...etc..and theres dragons so yeah...I can recomend it.."
76561197970495904,Not Recommended,291650,28400730,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,BoPeep - Woden's 5th Column,"It is no Baldurs Gate... which is for me a wistful and wonderful memory of what pc rpg's can be at their best.I was bored most of the way through this game, but I kept hoping it would get better... it didn't. C-"
76561197970294733,Recommended,291650,15069236,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,BulletSponge,Great game. save often though as some areas wont load after you go thru a door and go back in. For example the 1st castle you fight inside while on the roof doesnt let you back inside. But game is amazing 7/10. Hopefully they fix it. game is currently unplayable. Will try again tomorrow
,Recommended,291650,29517974,Posted: 27 January,all,Cynical Ape,There are some annoying boss fights but nevertheless as a whole a brilliant isometric RPG.
,Recommended,291650,15661718,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Merdok,"Fantastic.  It takes me back to the days of Baldur's Gate/Icewind Dale/Planescape Torment games but it has so many improvements in the engine that make it pure bliss to play.  It has a very good story, interesting characters, fun strategic fights, lots of spells and skills, neat maps, tons of quests, secrets, and your own keep.  It's a wonderful RPG and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,291650,15245747,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,rebel,"amazing, play it."
76561198012749929,Not Recommended,291650,18915676,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,LochnessLobster,I played Baldurs Gate I & II as well as Icewind Dale when they were new.  This game dosn't live up to them IMO.
76561198006764584,Recommended,291650,22754278,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,WhoWantsLemons,"Great game!  A step above Icewindale and Baldur's gate, a real pleasure to play.  Would highly recommend to any one who enjoy's turn based RPG.  Great job developers!"
,Not Recommended,291650,28639967,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Patches,"It's boring. The combat is dull and the story isn't interesting. Maybe it gets better as you progress, but it's very boring to start. At least BG gave you an interesting story from the start.The combat itself actually feels like a step back from BG. The real-time aspects do nothing to make it more interesting and the AI is so bad that you have to micromanage them... sadly, there's not a lot to manage. There's not many abilities to work with, and a lot of them are per-rest rather than per-encounter. So, you either rest frequently or auto-attack your way through battles.Your main character is so pointless in the game that there's little reason to have one. Your character in the story is essentially a faceless/pastless character in a new land. Nobody knows or cares who you were. The characters you meet join you at the drop of a hat, and bring nothing beyond their lackluster skills. It's a far cry from BG and I'm pretty disappointed."
,Recommended,291650,23677149,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Face Hugger,"Actually better than Baldur's Gate gameplay wise, with a story that rivals it."
76561198025307504,Not Recommended,291650,24510464,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,mikejohnson3541,"Added party member Hiravius (sp?) and now party roster selection is completely broken. Googling found many others with the same complaint, and submission dates indicate it's been a reported bug since at least early 2015. I was enjoying this game till this point, but this is a game breaker for me."
,Not Recommended,291650,28960738,Posted: 2 January,all,Jacen,"As much as I would like too I cannot recommend this game.I'm a big tabletop RPG player and even I found the combat to be tedious towards the end, micromanaging every action as your party stands around gormless gets old quickly.The story has some original ideas and is very well written, but the companions are almost all very difficult to like and the pacing is incredibly slow.Also, and I'm not quite sure how this is possible giving this game has had a half millions patches, it's still very buggy and prone to crashing. It crashed on the ending for me for example, but by that stage - I was just glad it was over."
76561198087491045,Recommended,291650,15088604,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Stockpile Thomas,"I will keep it short. If you like Baldurs Gate, Icewind Dale Series, you're gonna love this. Eighteen hours in and I'm captivated. Just buy it-its awesome."
,Recommended,291650,15246337,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Truthless,Definitely recommended.
76561198117719555,Recommended,291650,15142399,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,info,"OMG!!!  a piece of gaming gold ( all hail mighty Obsidian and Paradox ) for they are the masters of this style of gaming, make no mistake this game delivers a stunning array of options and game play without babysitting the player to the point of bordom or dumbing down a game to basic game platform levels, absolutly brilliant effort,  im stunned with how impressed i am (but im a dedicated fan to this style of gaming ) its good to FPS but its also good to take on the god view mode and run buisness from on high LOL .   10/10 first time ive ever reviewed so high a mark on a game let alone a kickstart game double LOL .Stick it on your must have list ladies and gents its a keeper."
,Recommended,291650,33022945,Posted: 29 June,all,Vallux,"Pillars of Eternity is one of the best RPG's ever made in my opinion.  The spirit and play style of the legendary Baldur's Gate series and Icewind Dale series were perfectly captured.  The graphics are very good for the genre, and the sound track is both epic and haunting.  (Much like the game and it's dark themes.)I was happy with the voice acting, and the companions and their stories are among some of the best found in any RPG.The combat is well done and challenging on hard mode, and even more so on path of the damned.  Some of the areas in the DLC and mega dungeon feature tough, intense, and unforgettable battles.Personally, I thought the main quest was very original and entertaining.  The side quests and factions make this game come to life.  Some people have complained about length, but I am a completionist and a single playthough including the DLC's was around 175 hours.  Don't worry, there is a lot of great content here.  On the flip side, if you are looking for a 60 to 80 hour journey, it can easily be that as well.This game is a must buy for any fan of the genre and new players alike.  Enjoy, it is worth every penny.As far as bugs go, I played this game after both DLC's were released with all of the current patches.  In all my play time, I only experienced a single audio bug that was easily fixed with a reload.  It is well polished."
,Not Recommended,291650,33204733,Posted: 3 July,all,Austria-Hungary > Prussia,"Paradox ♥♥♥♥ off. Game is great, publisher raises prices just to make extra cash."
,Not Recommended,291650,30355621,Posted: 6 March,all,Pinkspring,"Pros:- Excellent story and engaging setting- Interesting and story-rich companions.- Customizable characters and interesting zones.Cons:- Combat is unbelievably slow and complicated.- Long sections of dull, repetitive content that are required to get to the good bits.- Arbitrary gating of story choices and resolutions behind other, less interesting content.- The ""Nevermind-factor""Review:All of the pieces are there for PoE to be a smash hit, but for some reason it just doesnt quite come together.The main story is impressive and engrossing. However, I often find myself slowed to a crawl by tedious sidechores - Sidechores that you are almost required to do if you want to be powerfull enough to even survive the next leg of the story.I am not just speaking of sidequests, whose quality varies from pretty good to absolutely atrocious, but also of story-less and repetitive content such as bounty hunts and..URGH..The Endless Depths of Cad Nua. A dungeon crawl that is so long it could be its own standalone game, but it is mind-numbingly repetitive, as are many of the ""dungeon"" segments in PoE. They are long, tedious, punish any attempt to get through them faster with traps and obstructions, and offer no fun at all. This is further hampered by an overly complicated and very punishing combat system that makes even small skirmishes a long slog to get through.In addition, the ""perfect"" resolution to story quests often requires you to do other quests first. Sometimes to insane levels. For example: To resolve a critical battle in the ideal manner, you first need to completely finish the 2 expansion packs before you can proceed.The end result is that I cannot for the life of me motivate myself to keep playing through the game - For every good segment, I feel like I need to grind through mountains of repetitive and dull content if I want to finish the story my way. And I just dont want to do that. It requires so much effort and time to carve through the boring sections that on every attempt I end up throwing my arms into the air and saying: ""You know what, Pillars of Eternity? Nevermind. Just -nevermind-.""PoE is the ""Nevermind factor"" made real."
76561198024136560,Not Recommended,291650,33748538,Posted: 23 July,all,[M E M E  P R E S I D E N T],"Recommending this game would imply that you actually get the masterpiece all those glowing 10/10 reviews promised you but sadly that is not the case. Pillars of Eternity is mediocre in every single relevant way. Every other known CRPG, be it modern or classic is better in at least one major aspect.Firstly, the writers make the common mistake of trying to create a tolkienesque universe i.e. you are gonna need to learn a few new languages none of which feel authentic since they clearly were not conceived by a linguist of Tolkiens calibre. So what you get is a bunch of gibberish, containing a lot of ""th""s, apostrophes, umlauts and the like. Even if the languages themselves were solid, their intriguing potential would still be squandered by Pillars' distinctly American voice acting.Races are equally as bland and you can tell the designers were trying way too hard; you get your elves, humans and dwarves but thats the most basic array of races to base your characters on. That is why the artists had a big think and came up with their own intelligent beings. However, they are underdeveloped and superficial: what's an Aumaua? A seafaring ogre. What's an Orlan? Even hairier Halflings with long wolf ears. Not much more can be said about them. Godlikes, their versions of the Planetouched of D&D, are the most interesting creations but their background is not being utilised to any of its potential. They are obviously the rarest beings in the world, since they cannot procreate but I never felt like they were a big deal of any kind. Unlike the Planetouched, who are merely that, said to be touched by SOME outsider, Godlikes are literally said to be blessed by a major deity. Yet playing them is no different from playing a normal dude. Not even playing as the abomination that is the Death Godlike gets much of a reaction generally.Combat is what CRPG combat has always been and I do not consider it important to the overall experience. It is a competent, completely functional system and it does its job.Story on the other hand is what keeps you engaged in whatever you are doing and in this regard Pillars falls terribly flat. The premise is weak and the main conflict never evolves throughout the course of the plot. It starts off slow, never accelerates and then ends.Sidequests are a mixed bag. The Endless Paths of Od Nua (think Halls of Undermountain, albeit with a clear end) are more engaging than the main quest and actually a microcosm of what it should have been: you start with a simple objective, finding the Master Below who lives below your Keep. On your descent through the ruins of what was once a very impressive basement you enter distinct areas, facing new challenges every level and learn new things about this Master Below. The quest develops organically and the plot thickens regularly. Other sidequests are mostly standard and I do not remember many of them.Companions are relatively speaking the biggest strength of Pillars. While many of them lack complexity, their personalities keep you interested in them for the most part, which was enough for me to go through with their questlines, Durance's in particular; the guy is belligerent and keeps giving you♥♥♥♥♥♥for no good reason but precisely because of all that you want to know more about him and why he is the way he is. Having the best voice acting by far also helps, whereas the others range from ""Ok"" to ""Hardly Trying"" in that regard.Locations are quite samey. With the exception of the aforementioned Paths of Od Nua, you will be seeing a lot meadows, forests and some castles. I get that this is in line with the pseudo-european setting of the game but that does not make it any less ordinary.The main cities is where ludicrous amounts of money were left on the table so to speak. When you first enter Defiance Bay and see Copperlane for the first time, the city feels pretty huge with a lot to do in it. However you quickly realise that Copperlane is the location where most of the budget went. The districts of First Fires, Brackenbury and Ondra's Gift not only look and feel very similar to each other (with the latter being a minor exception, being the port district), they also have only about 2-4 relevant locations each.Then you get to Twin Elms in the late-game and you realise that for that place they had 5 dollars and a ham sandwich left. It pales in comparison to Defiance Bay both in design and activities and it was clear that you were never supposed to spend much time there, since at that point only about 5-7 hours separate you from the ending.I did play through the game cause I paid for the thing, I do not like wasting good money and I alawys give everything the benefit of the doubt. The story bored me to death but I kept waiting patiently for it to get good. When I realised that I had reached the third act and the stakes were still where they had been at the very beginning of the game, I rushed to the final boss, hoping against hope that at the last minute everything would turn out to have been worth it. Obviously it was not. The ending sequence and the last dungeon are hella lame: enemy encounters are a complete joke and the game tries to hit you with a mindblowing twist that has nothing to do with your character and also does not makes not a lick of sense. You beat the villain, then you win and all's good. I do not see how anyone would find this game's resolution satisfying.If you are obsessed with CRPG and want to relive the old days of Bioware and Black Isle, buy Pillars of Eternity, if you must, on a good sale. Im talking 60% off at the least. To everyone else, play literally any other CRPG out there. Play any of the new Shadowruns. I would rather you buy Obsidian's own Tyranny, which, while having huge flaws of its own, has at least an original and interesting premise and universe to explore. Do a playthrough of the first Fallouts or Planescape: Torment if you just want the classics. Whatever you do, do not fall for the hype. Pillars of Eternity is not exceptional in any way."
76561197971894183,Not Recommended,291650,23837849,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,therapy,"For whatever reason my long, thoughtful review didn't go through 2 times, so here's the short version:Boring combat (you need a meat shield and you choke point juggle, that's it)Boring RPG aspect (your followers are 1D, the story choices have no consequences, overall just no real Role-Playing)Stronghold is a waste of time and feels completely tacked-on for no reasonThe sneaking mechanic sucks all the fun out of the game (and double speed ruins immersion, so choose your poison)Information overload and I wanted to read stuff, just the majority is just too damn boring and meaninglessWeak classes (Rogue is the most useless class in the whole game)Weak items (you stop caring about items 1 hour in)Boring level upsLots of odd mechanics (infinite, permantly accessible storage no matter where you are - wtf?, crafting that can be done everywhere, anytime from the menu by clicking a button - wat?)In summary the game just wasn't fun. Then I checked what others complained about and it was pretty much the same, even by people who played 100+ hours. Therefore, I can rest assured the game is not for me and I cannot recommend it."
76561198006342616,Not Recommended,291650,33775750,Posted: 24 July,all,bbarrey,"The artwork for this game is stunning and the RPG element is very Baulder's Gate-ecse, however, I just can't give this game a thumbs up due to the amount of time that is wasted for the loading screen times and the end of battle time.  This sole gameplay issue really wore my patience down after playing through this game.  The ending was less than stellar because I did not complete many of the companion quests, again, due to the time thing.Maybe the developers would consider re-programming the game to optimize more of the processors in parallel to speed up the loading and end of battle times? Maybe not?  I definitely will not be dedicating any more time to this one."
76561197978080937,Not Recommended,291650,15219529,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,nisallik,"It is hard to rate this game, as I did find the game's first 20 - 30 hours amazing - which is more game time than most standard AAA released today.  However, after playing that long you will start realizing some serious flaws in the game...* All the classes will start to feel the same* You'll start realizing the limitation of the skills system* Main quest starts strong, however, gets weaker later on* Visiting dungeons starts to feel like a hack and slash (every room/hallway filled with red to kill)-  Hardly any unique loot to find- This promotes their simplified enchanting/upgrading system (know all recipes, upgrades level capped)* No experience from killing enemies after logged in bestiary* The companions have banter and seem fleshed out, but seem to be missing the flair/annoyances to be remembered* Stronghold could have been better implemented.-  Also hate that some events could start while traveling and go away before you reach your destination to enable    eventThere is more, but I guess I am being a bit nit picky.  Perhaps future installments of PoE will expand/improve, but as a stand alone game for isometric party based RPG, it is far from reaching the BG series/DAO.  Would definitely wait for the game to be 50% off, especially if you're expecting BG series/DAO."
76561198047485688,Not Recommended,291650,33178564,Posted: 3 July,all,Mmmmm,Something about Paradox's unfair pricing policy changes and scummy behaviour. Do not get UNLESS they revert back to their previous model.Pretty good game though.
76561198056938551,Recommended,291650,15069204,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Kuanling,"If you like CRPGs, you'll love this game. If you don't, it's probably not your thing."
76561197965401732,Not Recommended,291650,26543818,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,JCD,"Tried twice now to get into this game - just can't do it. So damn boring - far too much ""lore"" that the game has failed to give me any reason to care about. Numerous gameplay annoyances such as being arbitrarily pulled out of stealth so enemies can talk to me, stupid overpowered enemies with instant stunlock/2 second kill your best tanks. Almost non-existant loot. Tedious micro-management of combat with all these damn abilities, yet my characters feel ineffective and differences between characters feels marginal at best.Baldur's Gate is still my favourite and i'll probably do another full run for the billionth time after this. The thing is that it's also heavily flawed yet i'm still here in 2016 waiting for something beat it. Very disappointed...When I think about it both BG games were fairly linear but you could go off and adventure, finding and raiding dungeons, bring up wheelbarrows full of loot, get tons of XP, build overpowered character combos (especially with BG:T or the new enhanced edition). The story wasn't really anything to write home about but it kept you moving forward and the fights were challenging but fair for the most part (the original not BG2). The lore was never being rammed down your throat, if you wanted to get more immersed in it then you could do so but it was always your choice to do so. The characters and banter were awesome, I've created numerous parties just to see the different combinations and see fireworks fly between some of them."
76561198121854771,Not Recommended,291650,33167396,Posted: 2 July,all,Ninja Dylan,Unfair business practices.
76561197960858774,Not Recommended,291650,33191834,Posted: 3 July,all,MechaToaster,Excellent game(8/10 overall imo. Will update to recommended later if prices are changed.) but this blatant attempt at a cash grab by raising the price before the sale is disgusting. I recommend waiting on purchasing this until they stop this behaviour; such business practices should not be supported.
76561197995779592,Not Recommended,291650,33199137,Posted: 3 July,all,Geello,"Game's great. Producers on the other hand are proving once again to be greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. I'm feeling sorry for the devs who probably have nothing to do with that kind of behavior though.Anyway, boycott all paradox releases (especially overprices DLCs) till they bleed."
76561198052026247,Not Recommended,291650,33237081,Posted: 4 July,all,dadlerholme,"Not at cool that they raised prices before the sale, while a fun game save your money one shouldn't support this type of behavior."
76561198006534531,Not Recommended,291650,24923374,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Cam-Waaagh,"Enjoyed some of the storytelling, but found the general gameplay to be all over the place, from far to easy to head shaking hard."
,Not Recommended,291650,33256962,Posted: 4 July,all,SilverXerion,"I cannot support this kind of behaviorParadox raised the prices of all their games to make extra profit during summer sale.The game it's actually pretty good, but Paradox shouldn't squeeze us gamers like that."
76561198031075685,Not Recommended,291650,33252368,Posted: 4 July,all,Brimsurfer,"Bad business practice, raising the price just before the sale. Don't buy any of the Paradox products, teach them a lesson. There are many other good games on sale, price of this one will eventually hit rock bottom then buy it."
,Recommended,291650,15400953,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Ty 哈,"Nice graphics, lots of content and quite a nice storyline.However the combat...Issue command -> pause -> issue command -> pause -> issue command  -> okay, the enemy is dead, let's move.Wait, a dragon is coming! No problem...Issue command -> pause -> issue command -> pause -> issue command  -> the dragon is still not dead we are screwed...I think the combat system is intended to be that way, similar to the Dragon Age series; but I'm more of a fan of fast paced ARPG like Diablo, PoE, GD etcStill a very nice game in its own right, I would recommend to other RPG fans who like to play and explore in a game where combat is not the main point of selling.7.5/10"
,Recommended,291650,17273315,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Tally,"This is the modern version of all the Infinity Engine titles rolled into one. It has a story worthy of Planescape: Torment, its combat system and ability to hire adventurers evokes Icewind Dale, and its rich environment and NPCs bring back Baldur's Gate into a wonderfully-crafted modern RPG. Obsidian truely outdid themselves."
,Recommended,291650,15591844,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,F.,If you like good games you should buy this game. If you enjoy good RPG games you need to buy this game. If you love classic games like Baldur´s Gate and Icewind Dale you MUST buy this love. Just feel so good playing a honest game like this after all this years.Se você gosta de bons jogos você deve comprar esse jogo. Se você gosta de bons jogos de RPG você precisa comprar esse jogo. Se você ama jogos clássicos como Baldur´s Gate e Icewind Dale você DEVE comprar esse jogo. É tão bom jogar um jogo honesto depois de todos esses anos.
,Recommended,291650,15069076,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,ProphetPX | GameKit.com,"I'm only 1 hour into this game (if that) and so far, everything is as i remember it should be in an Obsidian (aka ""Black Isle"") CRPG. Everything is pretty damn nice so far...CONS - THE THINGS i have some misgivings about, are:1. it does not use ANY past generation or form of D&D rule set. They made their own. Not too bad, but ...2. it does not take place in any recognizable world that we have known in the past. ALSO NOT really bad, just makes it hard to get used to a new world where you have to learn everything from scratch.3. You cannot name your saves (maybe they might fix this in a future patch?)4. Party AI seems missing? There is NO option to choose what they are programmed to do by default in any given encounter. BUT FORMATION / marching order IS present. That's all you get. :(5. NUMBER of Inventory slots per PC are WAY TOO FEW! (they should be at least TWICE as many from what they give, in my opinion)6. Resting is now called ""camping"" and YOU MUST HAVE SUPPLIES to do it (no ""roughing it"") or else you will be fatigued indefinitely until you find an inn (better stock up!)7. Priest (aka ""Cleric"", my erstwhile favorite class!) SEEMS SUPER WEAK from the character builder, but then again i have not played that class yet... because of that reason. I chose a Cipher (aka a psionic type, similar to a soul knife) instead). This weakness is totally opposite of D&D 3.x where the Cleric is a Tier-1 top class, which i was used to.8. in character builder you CANNOT ZOOM IN to see if your appearance customization choices are what you want or not (you really have to SQUINT or get a magnifying lens to be sure of what you pick) -- I DO NOT LIKE THIS AT ALL.9. There are hardly ANY customization choices for one's appearance BESIDES HAIR. THIS is 2015 and we have ONLY THREE CHOICES for a female elf head / face?  And maybe ONLY 9-10 choices for tones / color for clothing and skin, etc... WERE YOU ONLY aiming for the nostalgic angle and NOT BOTHERING to reach further or even TOP those ""glory days"" of 2002? MAJOR FAIL here, Obsidian!!10. I would have liked more than 10-12 first-level spells to pick from. I am fine with the # i start out with and progression does not seem bad so far (I really cannot comment much on progression since i am still barely starting to play and have only gotten mid-way into level 2 lol) BUT FROM THE CHARACTER BUILDER this TINY selection of spells to pick from (NOT JUST for Cypher but i looked at all other classes too) was VERY SPARSE! TRIPLE the selection availability, and i will be happier.11. There is no true 3D world-tilt like in Neverwinter Nights 1 and 2. IT IS just simply NOT HERE. Do not expect there to be one. The most you get is a decent amount of panning, and SMALL bit of mouse-wheel zoom.12. Traveling from 1 map to the other is much more like a cross between Icewind Dale 1/2 and Temple of Elemental Evil with the icons on the side of the screen to indicate a portal jump option from 1 region to the other via use of an Area Map. MY FIRST HOUR was beset by me thinking ""I'm stuck"" when i could not find a way out of the 2nd map screen after a cave i had finished ... then i noticed the icon edging it's way around the side of the screen and clicked on it ... WHEW! I was not stuck anymore. THIS DETAIL about how to ""get around"" in the game does not seem to be advertised and it seems to be just ""Expected"" for past players of IWD 1/2 and BG 1/2 to just presume that is the way things are done. OLD SCHOOL PLAYERS will not have a problem with this - they're used to that. But people who have never played those KIND of CRPG games before (admittedly, most of the audience for this game that has been anticipating it's build and release for years now... are NOT NEW to this UI style) will not likely find it easy to figure out how to progress.13. NO MULTIPLE CHARACTER CREATION -- AT ALL. You get 1 character to create (at first) and then you are stuck with it throughout the rest of the game. YOU MIGHT get more of your own creation later on in the game but i honestly have not gotten far enough to see if it works like that yet (Temple of Elemental Evil allowed you to create or add / remove new PCs of your own design, or pre-gen NPCs, using a book at a bar counter at an Inn. THIS GAME MIGHT HAVE THAT - but so far, you CANNOT DO THIS when you first start the game. You CAN add 5 other NPCs to your party, eventually, but you SHOULD be able to make your own party RIGHT AWAY. However this game (probably and most likely due to plot points of the story) does not allow that at game start.14. Graphics custom choices are NEARLY NON-EXISTENT beyond resolution and frequency (hertz). You CANNOT fine-tune any advanced options like Bloom or Anti-aliasing or any of the other typical stuff. It's very set in it's ways.15. I CANNOT TELL if this game was made for any sound system / speaker setup beyond just stereo? (may be my own problem)16. There were a few FREEZES and HANGS with LATENCY in this game at certain points when i started out or when i changed map screens but so far NO crashes yet (and i pre-ordered and pre-loaded the install on the VERY SAME release day (today) so i got first edition. THIS HOPEFULLY will be fixed in later patches? There DO seem to be some memory or bus issues with the way this game moves data around. I have an 8 GB RAM Athlon 8-core FX 8120 ... this game BARELY uses 2 gigs of my RAM. I have 4 gigs FREE RIGHT NOW with the game PAUSED AS i write this review. so memory usage is NOT AT ALL a bad consideration. There may just be some weird timing or race condition issues which should see some ironing-out later on ... this is typical in lots of new releases).17. Combat can be as fast or as slow as you want it (see PRO point 3 below) BUT there are NO CLEAR INDICATIONS as to whenever you MOVE in-combat ... if it will draw any attacks of opprtunity (like D&D had) -- OR, are those what the game calls ""interrupts""? USUALLY SPELLS do those things, or tactical options. A NICE BREAK DOWN of their rule system would be very nice to examine BEFORE playing this game, so i know what to do, what not to do, and when to do or not do either of them.18. Abilty point spread at character creation does seem a tad thin. I evened my scores out to be an average of 14 across the board, as a level 1 Cipher (aka like a soul-knife), but even then, the POINT-BUY system this game uses is not really generous. CHOOSE WISELY.PROS - things i LIKE about this game so far:1. it's basically an entire new engine built around the same exact TYPE of experience once can expect from older past generation of CRPGs like Baldur's Gate 1, 2, Icewind Dale 1, 2, and PlaneScape:Torment... etc etc. MANY people have already belabored these points enough, so this is just me being ""captain obvious"". The scripting is smooth, the voice-acting is more than i expected (some places still lack it)2. the GRAPHICS (for this kind of game, anyway -- since you really cannot compare THIS genre to other games beyond those of it's LEGACY history) are THE BEST compared TO those past games (see PRO point 1 above)3. Auto-pause IN combat is BUILT like a PERFORMANCE HOT ROD. NOBODY can complain with the number of options given there.NEUTRAL POINT:Combat in this game is much more like AD&D 1st / 2nd edition in that THERE IS NO SCALE for what one may call ""Challenge Rating"" like TES 4 Oblivion did (matching your level with an appropriate encounter no matter where you may roam - NO, THIS GAME makes you need to RUN from some fights if you end up not evenly matched to an enemy. THIS IN ITSELF IS NOT REALLY a bad thing, but it IS a CAVEAT for those entering this game thinking that they can just take on anything that their level seems ""fit"" for - YOU WILL DIE FAST if you come into this game thinking that way. YOU WILL NEED to be careful because REAL DEATH is everywhere. Some of the best advice i can give to people new to this game is CHOOSE YOUR BATTLES CAREFULLY!"
,Recommended,291650,17271150,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Dannemo,"After 17 hours played it is 17 hours well spent. If you love Baldurs Gate this game is a must. So far it has it all when it comes to adventuring, magic casting, swordswinging, looting, questing and all of the things that made Baldurs Gate such awsome games."
,Recommended,291650,16439214,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,CthulhuLikesTacos,Insomnia meet Pillars.......and all was right with the world.10/10
76561198135521394,Recommended,291650,18316106,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,NightTrak,"This game is really astonsihing. The graphics are an 8 out of 10. Gameplay is 9/10 because it requires so much strategy and has so much depth into making a party unique to you. Replayability 10/10, why?You can play this game with so many new party configurations, playstyle, choices that well the replayability is near endless. In all I'd rate this game a 9/10 for those reasons. So if you have money get this game."
,Recommended,291650,15075738,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Mouse,"It's so rare that I have high expectations for a video game and they are not only met, but exceeded.Pillars really is the spiritual successor to Baldur's Gate. They took so many of the good things from those games and just improved upon them; visually and mechanically. Easily one of the best games I've ever had the pleasure of playing."
,Recommended,291650,16882457,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Stygian Emperor,"This has pretty much everything I could want from a fantasy RPG. The story gets a little too bogged down in ghosts, but other than that the writing is good, and the character creation is ace."
,Recommended,291650,15115820,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,poperboy,"Pros:-Engaging Story-Very good Roleplaying-Combat can be hard if you don't know what you're doing. (Yes, it's a pro)-Items are found/looted at a reasonable pace.-0 bugs so farCons:-The pathing of the characters in combat very rarely goes crazy."
76561197978409488,Recommended,291650,15067516,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,граната,"Highly recommended, a proper call back to Black Isle Infinity Engine games while being innovative at the same time. If you enjoyed Planescape: Torment, Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, or just high fantasy in general, this is for you. The world is extremely detailed and really feels alive. Also you still have to gather your party before venturing forth."
,Recommended,291650,15263900,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Hexyn,Great throwback to oldschool RPG's akin to Baldurs Gate. It also nice to see a kickstarter actually deliver.
76561198032790876,Recommended,291650,15076573,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Lunarwave,Played just the beginning couple of times. (Changing characters)Love it so far.Hope it will be something like 'Arcanum'.Which is still one of the best games of my life.
76561198050498467,Recommended,291650,15592479,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Raziel,"*Edit: the game is much more stable now. It is a very enjoyable game.I enjoy the game while it is working, but the constant freezing during loading screens makes it near unplayable."
76561198003471135,Recommended,291650,15409340,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Steven,"Classic cRPG re-imaged for a modern time. Fanastic.This game has been everything I wanted in an isometric cRPG. It's more than nostalgia of the old classics. This is a good game in its own right. A wonderful story with engaging combat.This game can be hard and unforgiving though, you'll need to understand tactics and how to use your characters to succeed.One thing I wish is this game had co-op like the old cRPGs."
,Recommended,291650,18800593,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Gangle Fingers,the bees knees
76561198035688552,Recommended,291650,15331890,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,johnsfun,This game is heaven. You play it slow because you want to enjoy every little bit of the awesome World you've entered into.
,Recommended,291650,15338050,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,polyesterpeanut,"As someone who has played Fallout 2, Planescape Torment, and parts of Arcanum this is by far the most enjoyable CRPG that I have yet played. It streamlines and removes a lot time consuming elements that bogg down a lot of other games of the genre while still maintaining sophisticationand depth within the combat. As for the story its as high as one can expect from Obsidian Entertainment so you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,291650,15387911,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Farticus,"I love this game. Read the dialogue, get immersed..you'll find yourself thinking about this game whenever you're away from it. Thinking about how to organize your party or how to get past that one dungeon, or the story itself. This is a masterpiece imo."
,Recommended,291650,15326207,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Emri,"Amazing classic isometric RPG.  Everything great about the genre with updated graphics and a beautiful soundtrack.  Some modern updates take away some of the grief of the older games, i.e.: unlimited stash, friend / foe only AoE, but overall, still presents difficult gameplay where it counts, requiring strategy and skill/stat optimization.  Overall, a masterpiece that could easily provide hours upon hours of gameplay, both on your first playthrough and subsequent adventures.9.5/10!"
,Recommended,291650,15329233,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,_Um4d_,"First time playing this genre of game, and I haven't stopped.10/10 would fall asleep on pause again."
76561197973195174,Recommended,291650,15481587,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,wittekip,"As an avid fan of the old Infinity Engine games, and after all the rave reviews, I was very excited to be able to finally play this game, and for the first couple of hours I was impressed at the scope, the overall quality, and the succesfull way in which an old gaming formule was brought into the 21st century. A couple more hours in, I am still impressed by the scope of Pillars of Eternity...but somehow I can't help but feel slightly let down.That's not to say that there isn't an awful lot they DID do right. The combat, e.g., has been given a successful overhaul. It's still  fun and deep, but plays out a lot faster and seems far less dependent on fairly random crowd control effects from the old games. I also like the little touches like the per-battle (rather than per-day) abilities, the fast movement mode, and innovative classes like the Chanter.Also, in general the story and dialogue are interesting, although I do agree with some reviews that the entire affair does tend to get a bit long-winded and a bit too serious at times.That being said..I feel the whole thing is a bit uninspired. The quests, the level design,  and even the loot (basically you get very little good stuff, you have to enchant it) certainly get the job done, but it never strays far from the established formula and all feels a bit...bland. Compared to the freshness of e.g. Divinity: Original Sin, which did manage to bring something truly new to the table in spite of being decidedly old school as well, PoE is a letdown. It also falls quite a bit short of the game it's so obviously paying hommage to, Baldur's Gate 2..that game constantly managed to surprise you with great level designs and quests..here I've waded through 7 levels of Endless Path dungeon without anything that stood out.Maybe this comes across as overly harsh, since it is a good game and I am enjoying it, but it does feel like quantity over quality..they basically throw everything but the kitchen sink at you and hope it will stick. Most of it does, and there are some really good idea on display here, but a lot also feels like padding (far too many samey accounters, a flimsy stronghold...ironically, exactly the things that Dragon Age origins also did wrong)"
76561197970931755,Recommended,291650,15482409,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,owl99,"Brilliant.  RPG awesomeness in the style of Baldur's gate.  Intriguinging story line, great characters, interesting classes, addictive game play.  Lovinging every minute of it."
,Recommended,291650,15404158,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Cuddle Buddee,"Classic Iso RPG, well written and deep."
76561197993520532,Recommended,291650,15192646,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Comfortably Numb,"If you love classic CRPGS like Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale or Planetscape: Torment then you owe yourself to pick up this game. I've played almost 50 hours now and it's utterly brilliant. In a time where CRPGs have been reduced to AAA titles with QTEs, linear progression and being spoon feed every morsel of information Pillars comes as a blessing of both nostalgia and fresh air. The character creation is brilliant, the classes deep and interesting and the combat is strategic and tough, yet very rewarding. But it it's the lore and the graphics that really makes this game so brilliant. Your adventures in Dyrwood will immerse you into a world with a rich history, interesting races, frightful monsters, a pantheon of gods, and tons of interesting NPCs. The hand drawn graphics really brings this wonderful world to life in a way 3D graphics just can't.For the younger players or those who never played the classics CRPGs of the late 90s, get ready for a bit of shock. Be ready to spend hours reading text, from old tomes, diaries to treaties on local history, books on culture, religion and factions. You'll also spend lot of the game time reading descriptions of characters and events. The game won't spoon feed you lore, it asks you to find out by yourself. It asks you to explore and understand, like all great RPGs should. This is a game that asks you to invest and apply yourself, but if you do it will reward you handsomely for it. The world feels more real and immersive because of it.In short, this is wonderful game and all RPG fans need to pick it up, because we need more games like it."
,Recommended,291650,15405490,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Cody,"This game is great for all the reasons everyone says it is. I especially liked the unique races and classes, as well as Obsidian's original fantasy world and storyline. This fully-realized history really makes the game stand out as more than an update or clone of previous CRPGs set in some TSR world that's been around for ages.I also liked the Stronghold maintenance sidegame. Ever since I started playing AD&D back in the 90s I have wanted to see one of my characters acquire property and attract followers. Well done."
76561198007149867,Recommended,291650,15407529,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,The_Admiral,"Huzzah for Pillars of Eternity! This is a terrific RPG! Obsidian has rolled a Critical Success with this 3rd Person Fantasy adventure! I have thoroughly enjoyed playing this game.-Beautiful graphics!-Lots of conversation choices-Many different classes and races-Running and optimizing your own castle and soldiers-Ability to craft and enchant items-Funny interaction between NPCs in your party-Stable as a rock, no technical problems at all-New world, very unique and different from typical D&D fare-Easy to play, no great learning curve-I LOVE the limitless inventory and not having to worry about buying and carrying arrows-Customizable characters, including your backstoryI have not yet finished the game, but I have played more than 40 hours as of this writing. I am very much hooked and wish to press on, exploring more and learning more about the world that I am in.I you liked the Baulder's Gate series or Icewind Dale - this is a natural fit.This is a great, well made game. If you like RPGs or are bummed that you  haven't been able to play one in while, your search is over!"
76561198072813345,Recommended,291650,15522906,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,James_Paget,"After playing through the first couple of areas, I decided that the Ranger wasn't for me.Re-roll. Got a fully party, the stronghold, done some stuff... but not really sure if I'm liking my Rogue.Re-roll. I get some coin together, recruit a party of my own making from the tavern. I'm rather enjoying my Paladin... I miss the random chatter of the npcs...I'll probably start a new game next time I load it up."
76561198011481218,Recommended,291650,15177116,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Golub,"It's a great game, but main story feel's a bit weak."
76561197991231971,Recommended,291650,16441492,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,»illithid«,"The strongest feature of Pillars is nostalgia: If you want to re-experience the Baulder's Gate days of your youth, this is the game for you. That said, in addition to paying particular detail to re-creating the isometric RPG feel of yesteryear, the title looks and sounds great. It's the perfect mix of vintage gameplay and modern implementation."
,Recommended,291650,16567496,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,-=CotS=- Wadsworth,"This game reminds me of Neverwinter Nights...It's like a fracture of an old mystique universe, nowadays hidden away by evil publishers.If you like old iso-rpgs, like Neverwinter Nights, Baldur's Gate, etc., get this game."
76561198138547334,Recommended,291650,15456992,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,ji97,The game is pretty nice i give it a 7/10 you have to read A LOT so if you don't like to read you may not like this game also the combat system is alright for an oldschool type of game.
76561198044660066,Recommended,291650,15457309,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,katyhatesnake,Classic cRPG with modern graphic enhancement. What more needs to be said?
76561197982628093,Recommended,291650,15457622,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,CJ,"I've been PC gaming for over half of my 24 years of living. (Mixed with a little console gaming) I believe this is the first review I have ever written for a video game.This is one of the best games I have ever played. RPGs are my go-to Genre of gaming, and Pillars of Eternity hooked me and blew me away all at once.It took me over 3 hours to figure out the exact Player Character I wanted to play, between the histories and the lore and the backgrounds of the races... there's a lot of content just in character creation. This is a true RPG. This is the TRUE successor to Baldurs Gate, and may even have one of the best narrations in gaming (Yes, I've played Planescape).The combat is challenging but also very rewarding and the areas you visit are generally very rich in detail and content.I truly, truly reccomend this game - it is a masterpiece in my standards.11/10, would buy again."
,Recommended,291650,15066612,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Joker,"I could simply refer to this game as ""literature"" you're allowed to change and ""mess"" the plot. Simply put. And it could easily remind you of what other great game with that ""literary"" quality? Yeah, my good PRG fellow: Planescape Torment. It seemed that those good ol' days of infinity engine (as Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale were all part of our youth) were all gone. With games like Pillars of Eternity you can rest well and enjoy the fact that your hopes were fulfilled. We still have a bunch of people who miss those unforgiving dense plots with enchanting narratives and with an engine that allows us to weave that variety of spells and live through unforgettable battles. I haven't played much yet, but from what I've played I can tell you won't regret this Obsidian's new great installment."
76561197999017729,Recommended,291650,15363939,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,The Skipper,"Solid game, spent 91 hours in my first playthrough and still didn't find everything.Combats can be extremely tough, Ogre's just flatten groups if you don't take them seriously.The intensity of the last combat is out of control, took me five tries to make a solid strategy to take it down.Old Nua is by far the best dungeon crawl I have had in a long time, it reminds me of Pathfinder's Emerald Spire, just a drag down, soul crushing grind to make it to the last floor, and than you have a boss thats harder than anything else expierence in the game.Three thumbs up, Im working up the courage to give this game another play through at a harder difficulty setting.This is also important. The characters you get to recruit, make sure one of them has a stupidly high mechanics score."
,Recommended,291650,15364166,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Puglas,"Very fun throwback to the Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, Planescape Torment, infinity engine games that really haven't been made much in the last decade.Lots of good stories and quests to undertake.  Lots of well written stories and dialog.  Act 3 is probably the most entertaining from a story perspective.  Act I and II take a little while to get going, but still exciting enough to keep me interested.I did lose interest in the ""kickstarter backer"" stories and stopped reading those after the first 2 or 3."
,Recommended,291650,15365022,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,AntiarcticA,"swift, silent, deadly.. Amazing nostalgic experience!"
76561198021656653,Recommended,291650,15350098,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,twobigthing,what a game!
76561198063037243,Recommended,291650,15367539,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,DPrime123,"Am really enjoying this game so fare and looking forward to continue playing it. I Have only encountered one bug so fare which was bad enough to make me cuss which was a character became stuck in place unable to move during a boss fight which meant I had to restart from a previous save (cussed because had won a difficult fight but then had to do-over).Other slightly odd things are creatures such as slime's or shades or the like being able to be tripped over?? or animal companions/ summons being able to start dialogue (can set up party then move up animal to start a dialogue which leads to combat meaning you are not caught out of formation), supper sneak (get a good look at whats ahead with animals who seem to be able to get closer to mobs than party members without being detected), animals can climb like people (if you go up a ladder or climb a vine pets should have to wait/ especially an animal which couldn't be carried by the party .i.e. bear). But these are just miner little quirks I thought and I don't mind so much, except the tripping things which shouldn't be tripable.As I mentioned at the start I am loving this game and looking forward to continue to play, and I am sure as time progresses and the game is patched and updated it will evolve. I do very much like how combat is calculated and the HP and resting system which makes for a more tactical play style. I also like that I am not picking up +10 item of kill everything every other battle, and that monsters more often than not are dropping the items which they are using .i.e. they are not using a basic weapon in combat but then drop some amazing magical item (which just wouldn't make any sense).Thanks for the great game and the hours of enjoyment I have had and have left to enjoy, looking forward to any additional content/ updates."
76561197986780274,Recommended,291650,15315382,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,jonzes,"A major achievement.  Not only a nice dose of nostalgia for the Infinity erngine games but in some ways it's considerably more playable and enjoyable with upgeraded UI and a game engine not tied to the somewhat clunky D&D of the day.  I play most RPGs that come out, and this has been the best I have tried in years.  Enjoy it, you don't get to play a new game this good for the first time very often."
76561198010981788,Recommended,291650,15165766,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,TonkaTruck,One of the best games I have played in a long time. Maybe even ever. 10/10(In spite of the garbage unit pathing in combat. This is the real reason pausing is so important; so you can micro every step and keep your guys from going full retard when you tell them to attack someone)
,Recommended,291650,15115912,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Huud,"The goal for Pillars of Eternity was to recapture the essence of old RPG games like Balder's Gate or Icewind Dale.  This game not only succeeds at this...it triumphs.  Character creation is very easy to follow with excellent descriptions and explanations to help you understand your stats, spells, etc.. In-game controls and UI are also easy to master; and with a multitude of options for customizing what you see, how you see it, and when the game will pause itself, you will feel comfortable playing in no time.While all of that is a major plus, making the game fun to play, the best part of Pillars of Eternity is the story.  The developers could've easily just have done a simple fantasy trope and put the Baulder's Gate skin over it.  Here though, we have a very interesting and engrossing story, one that I instantly fell into and became obsessed over.  Some of the descriptions are down-right poetic.  The music is very well done as well, really captuing the fantasy spirit.This game will not be fore everyone though.  If you do not like reading a lot of text or if you don't like a lot of point and click dialogue; Pillars of Eternity will not appeal to you.  There are no fast-paced combat maneuvers or CGI cutscenes.  Most of the cutscenes are simply displayed like a Choose-Your-Own-Adventure Novel and combat is really simply picking an attack or spell and unpausing the game to see what happens.  If such a notion doesn't appeal to you, then I would pass on this.  If you have played/enjoyed Balder's Gate or Icewind Dale back in the day or now on your mobile device...then you really will love this game."
,Recommended,291650,15068532,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Psylent,If you loved BG1 & 2 and the Icewind dale series then this game is a must have. A truly worthy successor to the bygone clasics but with it's own unique soul. Huge thumbs up!
76561198128558703,Recommended,291650,26589529,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Bigby Wolf,"Just to clarify before I dive into the review, Pillars of Eternity is a MASTERPIECE!*cough* OK, it is hard to not compare it to Balder's gate (and in turn The White March to Icewind Dale) Balder's gate 2 is my all time favourite video game. Now I am being pedantic here but it is not Balder's gate 2, quite. It is closer to part 1. (which really makes me want a Pillars 2!) I don't like the level cap being so low and I would have prefered a few more spells. Please though, this is only while comparing to BG2. If you've never played any of the games this is almost a homage to then you will be blown away by the variety in combat.As a story, it's stunning. Keeps you gripped and has many twists and turns along this long road. It actually gets quite intense. The homestead parts I found a perfect retreat from the world around. You see it build, it grow,many quests stem from there, it becomes home. Gameplay wise, if you know isometric games then it's a piece of cake to pick up, but very tricky to master. In my eyes, and I have read people say the combat is boring (???) .... The combat is deep and complex with many possible outcomes. The companions are superbly written and come with very interesting quests and personalities. One gripe I had, no evil team. I always liked a run with the good, and the bad, but it wasn't to be.Graphics are ace, it's smooth, beautiful and gripping. A true masterpiece of modern gaming. I want to give it 5 but just because of a couple of minor let-downs I give Pillars 4.8 out of 5. Any RPG fan should own this!"
,Recommended,291650,27856213,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,gamsii,"To all the fans of Baulder's Gate: you need this game in your life.Incredibly deep and wonderfully immersive, Pillars of Eternity is absolutely stuffed to the brim with so much lore that you'll wonder which has more - this, or Skyrim. With tons of races, classes, and choices of playstyle, you're guaranteed to find the perfect fit.As someone who has no patience for turn-based combat, I'm rather fond of the fact that I can just let my party go at it with enemies on auto-pilot. Very often I'll find they've decimated the opposition so quickly that some summoning spells have just been cast and now I have to wait that extra second or two for the summoned allies to disappear before I can loot all those corpses. Other times, I'll find my party absolutely destroyed because I've run headfirst into a difficult fight that really shouldn't be attempted without using the turn-based combat system properly, or else over-leveling by a lot.One of the most intensely satisfying things about Pillars of Eternity is the vast number of choices in dialogue and how different choices affect your story in different ways. This is not the game to go about ""exhausting all the dialogue options"" - often, if you try to, you'll find that you've♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥someone important off, or doomed a character's fate, or swayed a faction's views in the opposite direction from your intention.So! Do yourself the favor: Buy this game. Play it. Immerse yourself. And don't look back."
76561197981060954,Recommended,291650,15116992,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Usefulidiot,"The game seems promising, but honestly wait until they patch it, a bunch of game-breaking bugs are halting many players at this time. Read the forums to find out exactly what I mean."
76561198035036174,Recommended,291650,15263799,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,MrSavarius,"Pillars of Eternity is an incredibly good game in the spirit of Baldur's Gate and Planescape: Torment, though fans of Spiderweb Studio game's such as Geneforge and Avernum will also feel at home.The combat system seems to inspired by the tabletop game Dungeons and Dragons 4th edition, with your abilities being split into encounter and daily powers that reset either after the end of every fight or after each rest. While I am not a fan of D&D 4th, I have always said that their combat system would work better in a computor game, and I feel that Pillars of Eternity proves me right here. I did not play Pillars for its combat system, but I enjoyed the tactical battles none the less.Without mentioning any spoilers, the storyline for Pillars of Eternity is fantastic. There are a myriads of options and solutions to most if not all problems in the game, with significance to your characters reputation which I felt led to natural consequences throughout the game. While there were some small handful of places where I felt like I could have done with slightly more branching paths in the storyline, I were pleasently surprised when the game often gave me choices that I did not expect.The companions are a colourful collection of eight, and while I love them and my characters' interaction with them, they may well be my biggest critique in the game. While their quests are interesting, and while I grew attached to their bantering in the background in the course of our adventure together, I felt as if they are largely ignored by the world. They will sometimes comment upon an ungoing dialogue, yet the NPCs will often neither remark upon or indeed notice your companions contribution. This makes them feel sadly invisible and unimportant. I still love them, I simply wish that they had more of an impact on the overall game.The music of the game is discrete and enjoyable. I am generally the kind of gamer who will turn the music off while playing to listen to my own, yet I left the music on throughout the game as I felt that it heightend the experience without being all up in my face.To round things up, I would recommend Pillars of Eternity to any cRPG fan out there, and also to anyone who wishes to get into cRPGs as the learning curve is not too steep, certainly not as steep as Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale. The game caters to many different kind of playstyles, so anyone who likes seeing their own character grow forth as a person in and of itself is bound to enjoy this wonderful game."
,Recommended,291650,23828179,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,[ECHO4423],a great game just packed with cool details and old school ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you'll love to hate
76561198024536062,Recommended,291650,26905339,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Brolex,One of the greatest crpgs I ever played.10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,291650,15070860,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Diocletian,"Early ReviewYes I spent the $45 on it and so far I'm very happy.  This is Baldur's Gate for 2015.Pros:-- Character Creation:  Excellent setup - great back stories, plenty of customization.  Talents, skills, and point distribution.--  Difficulty Settings:  several different options here - which should give it high replay value as well.--  Storyline:  so far so good.  Got me involved right from the beginning.  The main story-arch is developing nicely and gradually.  Good voice acting and dialog seems to flow - feels genuine--  Combat - similar to BG of course--  Crafting -- oh yeah!  That's a nice touch, nothing too dramatic yet - but you don't just have to sell junk - you can craft some useful combat buffs.-- Stash - very helpful--  Recruit mercs - early on even you can recruit some party members for reasonable amounts of copper.  Very helpful in those sticky places--  Stronghold - just just started this part.  But seems like a nice developing touch of building your stronghold - looks like you can develop some residual incomeCONS--  Graphics are so-so but this isn't a big con for me.  In a top-down 3rd person, I can live with it.  Some like it, some don't.--  Combat sometimes is overwhelming.  Getting into some places early on where I'm completely overwhelmed.  Could be frustrating to some.--  Fog of war feels a bit tight, but not incredibly so.That's all I can think of now - will update more later.Overall I have no hesitation in saying it's worth the money.  As a BG / Icewind / RPG fan, I'll get every penny's worth out of this one.This game will make great grounds for future divorces."
76561198007309681,Recommended,291650,15254315,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Vunar,"Sooner or later you will play this game anyway. There's no need to write detailed review because there are hundreds of them already and both positive and negative are right. I always benchmark games by the feeling , the one when you go to sleep and you're still playing the game in your mind. This one is without a doubt a thinker. I'm curious how difficult people find combat."
,Recommended,291650,15116720,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Kinther,Year's best RPG by far
,Recommended,291650,22096538,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,paifjes,"It's a well-written story, a beautiful game, and it's really ♥♥♥♥ing hard (uh, if you don't turn on the AI that is)."
,Recommended,291650,15111093,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Gokhan Ceylan,Baldur's Gate is back! Prepare your coffee stock because there will be countless sleepless nights!10/10
,Recommended,291650,15100517,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Kolchak,Everything I hoped it would be! Satisfying both in terms of writing and gameplay.
,Recommended,291650,15067572,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,looter,Video games are back
76561197961522464,Recommended,291650,16816754,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Luten Pilage,"Baldur's Gate.Baldur's Gate II: Shadows of Amn.Baldur's Gate II: Throne of Bahl.These, particularly the last two, forever exist in my experience as high pinnacles of storytelling and gaming. When I first played them in my early teens I had no idea what D&D was. I did not know the 2ed Rules. I cheated extensively just to continue the story and interact with my companions. The Baldur's Gate series set the bar for any and every future RPG, and for the most part, set it too high.At times my nostalgia and heart have been tickled by others... By Mass Effect, by Neverwinter Nights and its expansions, and Dragon Age II (yes... the second one). However, nothing has ever given me half a whiff of what BGII did; to the point that I bought BGII again on GoG just to be able to play it on a modern OS.Until Pillars of Eternity.The engine? Basically the same. The character details rarely mattered; the portraits and interactions always did. PoE isn't like Skyrim or Mass Effect: You won't be spending 2-3 hours designing your protagonist. Instead, you'll choose a look and then actually step into their shoes through choices and dialogues.The settings and backgrounds range from ""Yeah, this really is a dirt road through nowhere"" to ""Bawls, that is a beautiful set-piece!"" More than once I stopped or backtracked to look at a particular sculpture again, or re-loaded just to get another glimpse before a fight. There are some stunning places and things to be at and look at in this game.The characters are strong. By that, I mean they are consistent, different from each other, and overall endearing. I have not tried them all (I, apparently, didn't find all of them through my first complete playthrough!), but the ones I eventually settled on were living, breathing beings with their own pasts, desires, and beliefs. Not every one is an enigma wrapped in a riddle wrapped in a bow -- but not every single one needs to be.The major fights in this game, as I played on Normal, were on the easy side with the exception of the dragons.The story was long. Much longer than I thought -- both to my delight and occasional frustration. There are weaker parts and stronger parts, but the pressure of the main plot only felt light once or twice. The mystery is well played, and I didn't see the ending coming at all; though (reminiscent of other RPGs) the final few acts felt somewhat underwhelming. When I replay it (and it's definitely a ""when"") I'll have a much narrower idea of what I want to do, and I believe I'd even enjoy one more playthrough after that.The game's mechanics are easy to get a jist of, but too ambiguous to really min-max on your first go through. A second playthrough is warranted based on what options you missed by 1 stat or 1 skill alone.Who will like this game? Anybody and everybody who enjoyed the Baldur's Gate series. Anybody who likes RPGs with squad-based micro-management and has the patience to play a game like this through (60 hours was my minimum, though I think you could squeak by your first time with 40-50 hours).It may only be 85% of what Baldur's Gate II: SoA + ToB is to me, but to be likened to my personal pillar of gaming is high praise from me since so many others claimed BG2's heritage and didn't just underdeliver, but fell painfully short. PoE is a good game, and will be a good game whenever I play it again and again.It's the type of game I may not play for months, or years, but when I do it will fulfill a very specific need: The need to immerse myself in a different world and with fully formed characters to go on an adventure.Heartily recommended."
76561198038290352,Recommended,291650,15314777,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Azg,"If you liked the Baldurs Gate series, you will love this. No coop, but a great SP game."
,Recommended,291650,15394835,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Asymphonic,About 14 hours in and most of that was spent in character creation/Rolling and rerolling classes.10/10.Its the Baulders Gate 3 I always wanted.
,Recommended,291650,15083186,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,musicquestmike,"This is the game I've been waiting for since completing Throne of Bhaal in 2001.Hopefully this will kick of a new golden age of cRPG's where choice, story, writing and tactical combat are favored over binary Calladooty-fied RPG's.Obsidian & the Kickstarter backers - thank you."
76561197964580884,Recommended,291650,26679160,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,itsjustin[taco bell],"I'm really enjoying Pillars of Eternity. The depth and lore in this game are top notch, and there's so many decisions to make and different paths it feels like i can choose. I would HIGHLY recommend picking this up. I almost purchased Divinity Original Sin instead of this game, but i ultimately chose this and it's worth EVERY penny spent."
76561198022548818,Recommended,291650,26589936,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ANC REMEC,"I used to play a lot of Baldur's Gate back in the day, it was one of my favourite games.Pillars of Eternity is an accurate recreation of the old RPGs like Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale.Storyline, rule set, voice acting, soundtrack, magical items, monsters, combat system: you name it this game does everything right.  It's even easy to walk away from the game and come back weeks later and pick up the adventure again without losing track of what quest you were doing.It's really hard to find anything to complain about with Pillars of Eternity.....except for the blasted loading screens.  Every time you enter or leave a building or level or map.  But ironically Baldur's Gate was like that too.  The game is still worth every penny at regular price,  11/10."
76561198079423458,Recommended,291650,22035991,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Lord EpicFail,Spent such a long time enjoying the music and trying to figure out the best party that I didn't even pass act 1 until I had put 50+ hours in.Now at 100+ hours... Only feels like I've played for maybe 5 hours. Man. Time does fly when your having fun.
,Recommended,291650,26111670,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Lpzie,This is an engaging story. Definitely recommend it to anybody that likes an interactive audiobook.
,Recommended,291650,27319341,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bandit424,"Amazing game, playing it through the second time now that I picked up the DLC. The story is amazing and the combat is just difficult enough to be challenging and rewarding. A must have for any Baldur's Gate or Icewind Dale fans!"
76561198008298150,Recommended,291650,15282852,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Valist,"Never bothered writing a review before now but this game has inspired me to. The level of detail and care put into Pillars of Eternity is staggering! The more I play, the more I'm pulled into the games' story and characters. The writing and voice acting are superb and the combat system adresses some of the biggest oversights of the old D&D rulesets that should have been obvious. This is clearly a labour of love for the developers and a true revival of the genre. TAKE MY MONEY!!!!!"
,Recommended,291650,30105150,Posted: 22 February,all,Sir Digby Chicken Caesar,"Great game. For any crpg fan, this is a must buy.+Beautiful graphics+Great music+Great story+Enemy variety+Many side quests+Combat mechanics+Many locations to visit+Lenghty (60+ hours to finish with all side quests and bountys)+Many moral choices in quests+/- Walls of text+/- Lore is written in highly mythical fashion, sometimes hard to comprehend especially if you dont speak english very well-Load times between rooms/locations-Text flickering in some cases-Crafting system could have more variety-Weapon variety not the bestI would rate this game 90/100. I liked it so much i decided to back for Poe2."
76561198010469962,Recommended,291650,16064534,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,BrendanDH,Starts off really well when it give you that warm and fuzzy Infinity engine nostaligia feeling. Unfortunately the longer you play the buggier the quest scripting becomes. After about hour 30 you just want the blimmin' thing to be over though. The combat mechanics are also very suspect and it just doesn't quite work. I'd say that it is just barely a recommendation if you aren't quite sure what to expect and a solid recommendation if the old Infinity Engine games really float your boat.
,Recommended,291650,15265847,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Azbolg,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bMj1dI1dBLMLok’tar humans!  Azbolg the Gaming Orc to review the quasi-renaissance fantasy Pillars of Eternity by Obsidian Entertainment.A grass roots crowd funding campaign, with over 77,000 backers, raising over 4 million dollars, as it recreated, and maybe surpasses the magic of the classic 3d isometric games of the 90s, the Baldur’s Gate series.  If you are a fan of that series, this game is a definite full price buy, with over 70 hours of content, and if you’re not familiar with the classics of ye old times, and are a fan of real-time strategy, D&D party mechanics, epic storytelling with a vast an immersive world, this game is also for you.The game begins in a detailed character creation with some new races that I haven’t seen before since my time in Azergoth.  I picked a Wind Godlike Cypher, since I’ve played almost every combo in these kind of games, and this race class combo was refreshing to see something new and creative.  After seeing what kind of companions you can get, I would have re-rolled to an evil halfing monk with the evil voice, since there isn’t any monks companions in the game.  This isn’t a big deal though, because you can hire a custom adventurers of your exact choosing similar to the character creation process at any inn in the game.  It scales off your level too so don’t get too hung up about it.http://pillarsofeternity.gamepedia.com/Party?cookieSetup=trueThe game takes place in an immersive world of Eora, inside a nation known as Dyrwood.  Your character witnesses a ritual and awakens, where you are known commonly as a “Watcher.”  You are now like the boy in the six sense, but hopefully less oblivious, you can speak with dead people, and touch objects to get visions of their past.  Your journey is more or less open-ended, guided by a quest journal.The music is incredible.  A mix between Lord of the Rings, and also brings back memories of Conan the Barbarian running the fields with his Asian nomad companion, but after listening to it on its own, outside of the game, it reminded me of a mystic mystery, which is what this game is.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mmAiP__OB9kThe unpredictability, and freedom this game gives you, is what keeps you addictively playing like a gamer craving midnight mountain dew.  For example, a boy will tell you a secret if you get him a knife made out of special metal.  You can intimidate him and throw him to the curb like the little snot that he is, or go talk to the merchant who sold the knife to some adventures who you can buy it from or attack them and take it by force, and still decide to kick the puny human kid anyways.  Or it could be as simple as breaking up a drug dealer’s den only to find out things aren’t what they seemed.  There are so many outcomes and options, and it’s up to you as the player to be bewildered by how open all of them are too fit your character’s play style.A feature Pillars of Eternity has superior to the Baldur’s Gate series is that it allows you to have a stronghold which you can improve upon with time and gold.  It’s too bad you can only build one feature at a time though, but the options are so dynamic and fun, you can even repair the dungeon to imprison people in across your journeys.Another epic feature of the game is the endless paths below your stronghold.  A standalone game within its own right.  The map is remarkably creative, none like I’ve seen before.  The winding twisting paths are mysterious as you venture forth through the depths to discover who built it.  It is so massive and epic, and addicting!A few negative criticisms about the game is that you pretty much have to read the whole story’s dialogue.  So you if you are lazy and don’t like to read detailed and captivating storytelling, then this game is not for you.  So accidently you might read and miss some over some key plot points, partly because the dialogue is so rich.  Also sometimes the NPCs will voiced randomly at times, and other times will not be voiced at all, which tells me either that the dialogue was changed or the voice actor couldn’t act it all out, which is disappointing since the voice acting is great, but overall this breaks the immersion.  I wish this game was completely voice acted, even with all the coughs, yacks, and other things, which I hope a sequel or expansion will bring.A few tips that I can suggest to you if you are going to play it are to turn up the graphics, since they are set a the middle by default, and also you can key bind abilities by moussing over them and hitting the key you want them to be bound too.  If you find the game is too easy, you can raise the difficulty, but I haven’t even at normal difficulty as some casual fights require pause-by-pause tactics.Pillars of eternity is a vast D&D party adventure with epically rich storytelling, and those fans of these type of strategy RPG games will find that this game not only stand among the classics, but in many ways surpasses them with its unique take on a forgotten game style.  Azbolg gives this game 9 Orc axes out of 10.This is Azbolg wishing you well human, like,  subscribe, comment, and see you on the battlefield.Music:Pillars of Eternity Soundtrack 12 - Engwithan Ruins (Justin Bell)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5xrgn4CKjs&list=PL0w2QA7IXPn7g2Bu3IQ2vt2MTLfJbGEpg&index=12"
76561197991430982,Recommended,291650,28231335,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Neanderthal 119,Beautiful
,Recommended,291650,27313717,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kryss,"Amazing game, go and buy, or suffer arrow in the knee for all eternity."
,Recommended,291650,15282974,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Caketown,"Best game of its type since Baldur's Gate 2.  Which.... well I guess that's not saying much since there haven't been many but...Great writing on par with Planescape Torment (though lacking the same depth, somewhat), good interface, interesting, intuitive yet simple combat system.Little threadbare in some places.  Item diversity could have used some work, as could the crafting system.  And there were some great opportunities for player-specific interaction when backgrounds/homelands/races etc intertwined that were left unexplored.  Also no romance options, which was a bummer, since those were some of the best story sections of games like Baldur's Gate 2.  You could tell they wanted to do everything but ran out of time or money at some point.  Looking forward to expansions/sequels/new games of the same type now that Obsidian has decent proof that games like this can make a profit.Just... if you liked BG2, buy this game.  Buy it to relive the nostalgia of playing a story-heavy well written game of this type.  Buy it to encourage game devs to keep making these."
76561198082484693,Recommended,291650,23740067,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Publius Quinctillius Varus,"Pillars of eternity, Pillars of frustration, Pillars of reloading, Loading screens of eternity. Pillars of awesomeness!Yes, it's true, the game is hard and frustrating, and also very retro. But I love it, it's huge, and the story and deep combat suck you in, if you don't give up after the first hour. But you really have to like this sort of thing, reading a lot to immerse yourself in the story, you need to learn what's what in order not to get trashed by even a spider. This all takes time, and it's not for everyone. I did not play Baldur's Gate,and I'm not really nostalgic for isometric RPGs. I actually wish you could rotate the camera, because sometimes a column or door will block your view. In my opinion, they could have made a few things less nostalgic (eg why so much backtracking in this time and age, why so much useless loot, and why so many loading screens?), but these are ultimately minutiae and I can definitely look past them, because it's objectively a great game."
,Recommended,291650,26857601,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dwi,"If you have 500 hours of free time and want an amazing universe and story, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,291650,20777224,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Vulcanza,"SCL, DA, NWN, BG, IWD, Torment and now there's *""PoE""*"
,Recommended,291650,27916228,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Prophet_Of_Logik,"First off, I would like to state that my tastes in games vary by the day at times, as such I don't have 1k+ hours playing pillars. However, I was a big time player of BG1 and 2 back in the day, and Pillars scratches the itch for a CRPG very well.Fans of the BG series rejoice, Pillars of Eternity delivers (mostly) in the same fashion as those and blazes it's own trail simultaneously. With fairly familiar mechanics and a good story, it's a great bet for your money.New to CRPGs? Pillars is imo a good middle ground for vets and newbies regarding CRPGs. There is a whole lot of content; quests, side quests, random encounters, and LOOT.All that being said, I wish it was slightly more immersive at times. Just feels like it's missing that draw that I felt from the BG games. There are points in the game though that makes all the little things that may or may not bother you fall away, and quite a few of them.8/10 would rogue again."
76561198013430414,Recommended,291650,15361762,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,DopeScope,"12/10 Get it, it's worth every penny. So much to keep you busy in this game."
,Recommended,291650,16142660,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Smacktastic,"The game, while flawed, is still very good.The 'most helpful' negative review does a good job of listing most of the flaws. There are some weaknesses with the RPG stat system and the level/quest design. It enforces a rather tepid character design, lacking in flexibility.For example, if you get in a fight in a room, there's no option for retreat. You either kill everything in the room or die. Core stats don't affect stealth or crafting, and the 'might' stat affects *all* damage types AND healing; literally every class is a Might based class. You can't really spec a character for subterfuge and diplomacy as opposed to combat, except in a very superficial manner. Every character ends up playing very similarly.The accuracy system ensures that 'support' classes are stuck playing support; you can't invest points into accuracy and it's not affected by your base stat choices.  A low-accuracy class such as Priest will end up missing attacks all the time, so you're left with no choice but to use them to buff other characters. Only, you can't buff before fights and the fights are so short, and the number of daily uses so low, you'll barely use them for that either. Some classes just end up overall 'worse' than other classes, instead of being a balanced mix of pros and cons.Most of the quests are of the ""go here, kill/fetch something, come back"" sort. I can't think of any that were very memorable.Still, the rpg mechanics have enough depth to remain fun. Classes like 'fighter' are very flexible; your stat choices decide whether they are defense or offense focused. The best race for paladin tanking is the game's equivalent of 'halfling', which is hilarious. They have very interesting twists on their 'bard' (chanter) and 'monk' equivalents. The world building is quite good. Overall I've enjoyed the 60+ hours I've spent and will probably enjoy another 60+ hours."
,Recommended,291650,15070442,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Shedding,(You can see how long I've played)I will keep this short.  So far.. So good.Will keep this updated.
76561197970807265,Recommended,291650,15070892,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Kailanthus,Baldur's Gate is back. So far I am in love. If you liked BG 1 and 2 Icewind Dale 1or 2 then this game will tug at you old school heart strings. My only regret is that I must sleep and can't play more often. I am an older gamer (37) and this game takes me back to when I was new at PC gaming. Get it now!!!After putting 16 or so hours into this game I can only say that I love it even more. Everythng about this game keeps getting better. I wish I could personally thank the Devs for transporting me back to the golden age of tactical RPGS.
,Recommended,291650,15268042,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,deathmatch,"This game is an excellent bar to set for other game companies.The story is one of the best I've had the pleasure of experienceing. My favorite picks would be BG2, BG2TOB, NWN, BG1.Combat is flawless and follows to a small degree(loosely) the DND ruleset which is known in IE games for being a staple mechanic.The sheer amount of content with the Endless Dungeons and bounties adds much flair and things to do. Let's not forget that you get your own keep and can upgrade it AND pay people to guard it! There are multiple secret areas and numerous items good and bad to find.This game from start to finish took about 32+ hours to complete with about 60% of the game explored and completed.There are multiple facets that I havn't even discovered and I plan on replaying through the game again solo.Giving this game anything below a 9 would be ludicrous.My only complaint is that this game advertised that it is able to be solo'ed.So far the balancing of the classes other than a barbarian is kind of messed up. This game would be a perfect 10/10 for me if I could actually solo it. I've obtained a platinum in the Dark Souls series and Bloodborne but, even those games are not as hard as Pillars of Eternity solo on NORMAL. Please make a selectable option for solo that scales down the enemies a bit for a solo run or, take out the level cap for solo-runners.Story: 9.5Combat: 9.6Content: 10/10Play Time: 32 hrs 9.1/10Replayability: VERY HIGH 10/10Solo: Currently undoable for anything but barbarians.Overall: 9.5/10"
76561198044978953,Recommended,291650,15327557,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Bananafiend,Well its not the same as the old IE games but it has its own uniqe feel to it
,Recommended,291650,15065839,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,tolle28,Why are you down here? Go buy it and play it already moron!
76561198026635584,Recommended,291650,15191317,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Runo,"After my early teens playing AD&D with friends around a table . Then losing myself in the SSI Pool of Radiance  , then Baulders and then Neverwintr nights ... here I am once more venturing forth and losing hours of my life as the pay off .Never been as happy with a game for a long time .10/10"
,Recommended,291650,15066752,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Perma Hexx,"I love this game so far.  Instant RPG classic.  The story is great so far, grabs you and pulls you in, presents you with mysteries you really want to solve.    I love that it's is a new IP, not trying to follow an exsiting story arch or follow the rules of a table top game. Worth it at full price."
,Recommended,291650,15565906,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Zheltiy,Simply masterpiece!
76561197973651215,Recommended,291650,16632655,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Diekruzen,So old school It turned back time-1 hour in game16 hours in Game and I am amzed at the quality and the gameplay.Combat is very old school but with some modern twists to keep it smooth enough and very fast when a simple encounter.  I love being able to create lots of hierlings to play around with the classes.  so far my rating is SUPER POSITIVE.  Will try to find something Negitive if I can.
,Recommended,291650,17557863,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Goron,Had sex with a dwarf barbarian with a wooden leg.GOTY.
76561197972391615,Recommended,291650,18966185,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,NeutrinoStar,"9 hours in and I am enjoying it. I am a casual gamer as work, parental duties, and having other activities away from a PC limits my time but this game is a blast. There is a great excitement from the battles and the story has me hooked...as in; I have no freaking clue what is going on and I cannot wait to move on to the next thing to find out. I remember and loved  Baldurs gate 1 and 2 and I really loved Neverwinter Nights 1 and 2. This is an excellent blending of those 2 variations of game. Solid graphics. Simple,intuitive controls. Pleasent and nicely done voice work and sound.I forsee an hour or so every night I have time immersed in this game.Bravo.Bravo!Do you like RPG's? Dungeon Crawls? High Fantasy? If yes, give these people your money. They deserve your business."
,Recommended,291650,18373333,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Ozmium,"I remember sitting here at the store page contemplating buying this game and thinking "" I'm probably just going to play it for an hour and hate it"". Here i am over 16 hours into it and can't get enough. Fantastic game. It's filled with nostalgia i feel like im 12 years old again, only this time i understand pretty much everything as far as the game goes. It's just extremely well done. I don't even mind reading through all the text i find all of it immersive and entertaining. I highly reccomend it. This is coming from someone who regrets getting half the games in his steam library."
,Recommended,291650,18854598,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,[CN]H2NCH2COOH,Baldur's Torment: New Vags
76561198017490746,Recommended,291650,18859640,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Fenodyree,Pretty good.
76561197967475418,Recommended,291650,18367154,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Tekozl,Amazing storyline! Great gameplay and super fun!
76561197977496361,Recommended,291650,20047085,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,CMDR Elton Poole,"If you love Baldur's Gate, Planescape: Torment, or CRPGs in general, get this game.Be warned: It's difficult, and the gameplay, while it looks the same, is startlingly different under the hood. No more grinding for XP! There's no enemy scaling, so if you're getting your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you then you probably need to level up and return to the area later.The storyline is great, and the NPCs are pretty well rounded. Wizards are pretty much nerfed, but there are a lot of other fun classes. Plus of course, it runs on Linux!"
76561198180698663,Recommended,291650,29813163,Posted: 9 February,all,megadarkk,Very deep game and challenging...learning curve at first... but once u figure things out its a immersing experience.
76561198023518063,Recommended,291650,27601591,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Quantum Phantom,"TLDR; it's like Baldur's Gate but with way better combat and character building.A worthy successor to the D&D cRPG classics. It's a true western cRPG with an interesting story that builds as you play and well-written characters to interact with. It's dialogue is well-written and provides many different opportunities for a variety of character builds and behaviors through scripted interactions.The major improvements to combat are the hallmark of the game's excellence. The biggest improvement of Pillars of Eternity over its spiritual predecessors was adding a great deal of variety and balance to the classes and the attribute system. No attribute is inherently dump-stat material (like Intelligence in Baldur's Gate).Combat is also more fluid and exciting, with better UI and feedback. The melee engagement system (a formalized game mechanic of the Attack of Opportunity system) gives combat better flow and allows you to maintain real battle lines and manage more purposeful positioning in a fight.Definitely one of the best RPGs of the decade so far, and a worthy successor to its past."
,Recommended,291650,23950756,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,xuedi,Baldursgate++ :-)
76561198147913899,Recommended,291650,23867484,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,hwangshop,It's the best RPG since the Baldur's Gate series!!
,Recommended,291650,23849140,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,A Bag Of Ripe Peaches,"10/10 Game, reminded me a ton of playing Baldur's Gate as a kid, easy to get into but difficult to master"
,Recommended,291650,24341246,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Jauren,"Where to start with Pillars of Eternity.OverviewLike most of us here on steam, we have that infamous library of shame, and for the longest time, this hidden gem was one of them. I can't even remember how I came to acquire this game in all honesty, but however I did, I am beyond grateful for the purchase/acquisition.If you like RPG games with a rich story, true player choices that affect the game in subtle, but dramatic ways, than Pillars of Eternity is for you. It is a party based game where you can either use the companions the game provides, or spend some in game gold and hire your own adventurers, which are customized from the ground up if you purchase them after level 1. So the amount of player options is truly amazing for this style of game, and the story... I could write a ten page review as to why this is one of the best stories in a game like this. But I will let you experience it for yourself. No spoilers.. Yay!It takes a bit of a different approach to the party based mechanics, where you are allowed to pause the game to issue commands to each person. Though this might break immersion a tinsy bit, since some of the combat is very faced pace and you might not have enough time to dictate your actions, you can find your healer or archer dead before you can even blink.  Or worse yet, have your strongest person be temporarily mind controlled against you! I can't attest to how many times that ability made me grumble and want to smash my keyboard.  There is also the wonderful thing of trial and error, there are some combat set ups that simply can't be done with some party builds, or at least ,not without being a massive pain in your♥♥♥♥♥♥ The game does not hurt you for this, and gives you ample opportunity to find just the right set up to get whatever your mission is done.With that said, below is my summary for the game. Keep in mind this is my opinion, and you should take it with a grain of salt. After all, this type of game is not for everyone.GoodRich, detail oriented storyChallenging combat systemThe world looks absolutely beautiful, and feels like it is living on some level.Companion banter can be quite hilarious.Challenging bosses even when at max level/have amazing gear.Not to many puzzles, but the ones that are present are challenging and require digging in game (provided you don't cheat with google!)High learning curve. The game gives you the basics, and it is your job to shift through the abilities, stats, and what not to build your own character. ((personally a good thing for me, some might disagree.))Not So GoodNo respawning enemies, once you clear out a map it remains clear (makes getting more loot items impossible)No weapon crafting, would be nice to be able to make custom weapons, especially for end game.Final ThoughtsIn short, if you love RPG games that have in depth story, sophisticated combat, and interesting side quests, this is a game for you! I will leave it at that however, and let you decide for yourself if this is a worthy game for your money."
76561198113521699,Recommended,291650,24118287,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Estro de la clan,I have not played any of the old games this is based upon but i like this game.Not realy having any complaints 8/10 ^^
,Recommended,291650,27237624,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cairhiin,"Pillars of Eternity is a game that brings you back to the days of Baldur's Gate. While perhaps the characters miss the flare and depth of those found in Baldur's Gate, the game is an absolute treat if you like party based isometric RPGs. The story is engaging, the classes are interesting and complex enough, and there are enough skills to keep you on your toes during fights. The ending fights are challenging enough to keep you interested.In short, this game is an excellent throwback to the days of Baldur's Gate. A safe purchase if you enjoy isometric party based RPGs.9/10"
76561198007264515,Recommended,291650,29556849,Posted: 28 January,all,shoaibmz,"5 out of 5. I call it a living, breathing novel. Immersive, indepth and mysterious story. Rich and intriguing companion characters. In-game decisions count and very well reflected in the dialogue."
,Recommended,291650,23763726,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,InTheGhett0,"If you like Isometric RPGs, you'll love Pillars of Eternity.This is very much the spiritual successor to Baldur's Gate. A modern take on the genre. Story telling is solid. RPG mechanics are all you could ask for, with various ways to establish a personality for your character over and above class, race and gender.The characters are dynamic and humourous, to say the least. From a perverted chauvenist know-it-all priest to the elf with multiple personalities, there's a little something for everyone here.Add in a speed control mechanic that allows you to speed up the game a touch when you're doing the tedious scouring of cleared areas and a solid stronghold aspect where you get to run your own keep and you get a solid gaming experience that is worthy of being mentioned alongside such timeless greats as Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter Nights.A steal if you can get it for $20 or less, but worth throwing $40 at for all the expansions.Great Game!"
,Recommended,291650,25570247,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Prozender,Probably the closest thing to Baldurs Gate here on steam. Story's  abit convuluted but the game's systems is pretty good. Get it if you're a fan of the genre8/10*btw fun fact I can play this on an old GTX550ti(my main vc died T_T)  had to drop some settings but all good
,Recommended,291650,23972052,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,🔥The Growing Inferno 🔥,"I just bought this game and played about two hours. I love this game thus far. A throwback to the Baldur's Gate days but improved in the new era of pc games. If you loved those Baldur's gate games then I recommend this. But right now if my wife finds out how much I spent on the summer Steam sale, Im in deep trouble. shhh our secret"
,Recommended,291650,23799339,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Teletubbi Tornado,"This is a wonderful game. I have never seriously played any crpgs before and this game was amazing to me. I had a hard time with the combat, it is hard even when it is ""easy"" (or whatever the lower settings are). I have a hard time looking at all my spells and deciding which would be best to use tactically, and usually just end up spamming some random♥♥♥♥♥♥each turn.Now with the fact that I suck at combat in mind (which makes this game hard to keep playing obviously) I was compelled to keep playing this game anyways. The art, the world, the people, the dialogue, the music. Everything about this game just screams amazing fantasy setting and immersion to me. Sure it's not a Skyrim (which is more easy to get immersed in for obvious reasons) but nevertheless I was still so compelled by this game."
76561198053619045,Recommended,291650,29237745,Posted: 13 January,all,gabrielscunha,It is like reading a very good book but instead of turning pages you shoot fireballs at ♥♥♥♥♥es.
76561198141214194,Recommended,291650,29105079,Posted: 7 January,all,greatpugsley,Very good RPG.
,Recommended,291650,27725215,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gay Mobile Legends Player,Just had a few hours into this game and here's my review:Pro:+a glorious reminiscence of good ol' Infinity Engine games+well written dialogues+great musicCon:-No orkLike seriously how could you make a fantasy game without ork in it?ork/10
76561198028790874,Recommended,291650,28394410,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,priapsi,"I've always thought of Planescape:Torment as the greatest game ever created, but nostalgia is an elusive friend. Enemies of isometric games in the same style as Baldur's Gate or Icewind Dale need go no further, but the rest of us are sure in for a treat in Pillars of Eternity. It's easy to get discouraged in the beginning since it's a completely new isp, but please hang in there; it's totally worth the effort. This game has everything and more to add to the genre.Pros: Amazing immersion, Beautiful scenery, abyssmal depth, fantastic writing, innovatory character development and probably a lot more that I'm forgetting.Cons: Wonky pathfinding, some sound glitches."
,Recommended,291650,16977903,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Cakebread666,"The game is alright. Hardcore sucks because the game mostly won't let you retreat from battle and puts difficult fights directly into easy storylines for comedic value I guess. You are probably suppose to memorize the game in normal because playing hardcore, which sounds about like chopping wood to me.The game play and story are alright. The voice acting is on point. The story is kind of childishly gritty - they try to make it seem rough by having drug abuse themes and birth defects as plot drivers might work for you. It doesn't for me.I had to butcher a party member in my hardcore game because they glitched into a wall and couldn't move. I could have saved and restarted, hoping for the best, but I didn't try that.All in all, I think this game is a great buy for when it goes on sale."
76561198066601287,Recommended,291650,24264830,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,drink_surge,"Amazing game.  Grew up playing isometric RPG's and this game does the genre justice.  After playing this and Baldur's Gate it's hard to figure out why developers went away from making more of these gems. Timeless graphics that don't overburden your PC are far superior to any 3D format out there.  BUY THIS GAME if you loved Baldur's Gate, well worth your time."
,Recommended,291650,17055858,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Dunga,"This game is one of my favorite games of all time, and as of now the best game of 2015 any fans of D&D this is a MUST buy for you!"
76561198128467063,Recommended,291650,28008163,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,(FMG) Blazer360,what can i say other than buy this epic beast of a rpgif you like rpg greatness this is the one to getbuy now and thank me lateryou welcome ;)
76561198027684454,Recommended,291650,26510221,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Castiel [Tsarkillo],"Game is fun, but just know, your choices do not matter. Lol. Also killed the whole village of Gilded Vale and still had good standing with that same village, aka ""merciful brute"" as the game put it."
76561198081499934,Recommended,291650,26511294,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,whoodeeny,This is a fun party based RPG.  The skill and magic system is deep.I think I will enjoy it after all.
76561198028624739,Recommended,291650,26251696,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,citytianyu,"I liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiike this game! Make more and better games, Obsidian! Great work, developers!If you love old fasion RPG, must buy and play!"
76561198008637711,Recommended,291650,26238849,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,ConArtist141,"This game is made for people who are fans of old Bioware and Infinity Engine games. If you are one of those people, then I'm guessing you already own this game and know how good it is. If you aren't one of those people, then this is the perfect place to try a classic type of RPG which has sadly gone out of style recently."
,Recommended,291650,26271605,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Therr,"IF you like old school hardcore overhead rpgs with great story and party management/strategythis is a good game that will bring back those memories or allow one to relive those times.Expect to spend a lot of time on this game, even for just the smallest of things, map loading isa problem and takes a bit long to load though each one is loaded with many objectives to helpalievate this problem. Just like many old games prepare to reload old saves or save regulary asthings can and will go bad quickly which is part of the fun.Definitely worth the large amount of time and money one will put into this."
,Recommended,291650,26309548,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Sam Look,"A very very solid RPG game very much in the style of Baldurs Gate.Basically if you liked Baldurs Gate buy it, if you didn't then don't!It really is that simple.One thing I will say though is definitely read up on stats etc... beforehand they are rather different that traditional games and quite confusing until you get your head around it.The other thing is your none used companions still gain XP even when  not in your party so you can build up a collection and chop and change a bit for different quests etc..."
76561197998478274,Recommended,291650,26243696,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,dshadow1839,"Fun game, has some bugs, but they do get addressed. Great story and combat is fun. Can be a bit hard at higher difficulties when first starting out."
76561198103898902,Recommended,291650,24133153,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Cidguard,This is a review where I tell you this game is good.It is good.
,Recommended,291650,15245885,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Snaily,awesum
76561198007403402,Recommended,291650,15245953,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,reactiondk,"It is a pretty good game. It is what you would expect from an old school RPG like Baldurs Gate. However, the graphics could be better (try zoom in and you can see how unclear the visuals look). Some of the dialogue is voiced, but most is not. Maybe they will do more voiced dialogue with updates. I think the game is worth the money, but I feel it could have been better. The gaming experience is not ""WAUW OMG!"", but it is a  pretty good game in the genre. There is a lot of quests with lots of story and dialogue (if you dont like that, then you wont like the quests very much - although you can skip them and let the quests descriptions in the journal guide you instead, if you dont care about the stories anyway. Thus, it is not a huge problem). I would say that game is like 7,5/10 for its genre. There are some combat mechanis from Divinity of Original Sin, which you could have taken into this game. Fx. lightning on pools of water make it electrical and gives lightning damage to those going into it, or being able to freeze a pool of water into ice. The music and sounds in Pillars of Eternity is much better than in Divinity of Original Sin. Also, the characters in Pillars of Eternity are interesting, which makes you want to them a little better. Anyway, all in all it is a highly recomendable game for those who like the genre. You pretty much get what you would expect and there is a lot of hours of gameplay in it, so you get the moneys worth of content."
76561198032545275,Recommended,291650,15246114,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,lyoshazz,"Great game, if not for the constant crashing. Every new loading screen has a very high probability of crashing. So annoying!"
76561197977641334,Recommended,291650,17158105,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Tumbler,"The game has the capacity to give me a quest or an adventure per evening; more if I avoid sleep.It's like my own tabletop D&D session, nightly, without having to buy groceries for other people, who then refuseto quiet down and not wake up my Wife with their noisy BS. This game saves wear & tear on furniture as well.I highly recommend this title.If you're the type that needs music constantly playing or you will go mad, there are more expensive versions, that include a digital soundtrack.Personally, I wouldn't want you and your headphones anywhere near my foxhole but it's a single-player game, so go ahead, develop a stupid habit that could get you killed.;>)"
,Recommended,291650,15071364,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,COOK LASAGNE,"Somehow my bluetooth keyboard and mouse not having up to date drivers might have been the reason I couldn't get through the game without crashing every 10 minutes. As they are the only driver I could update, I did so - immediately after the game worked fine. Duhhh what??? I can't even be mad at Obsidian, it's just funny.Regardless, now that I can play this without the♥♥♥♥♥end of my computer ejecting itself off directly into the statrosphere after booting this game gets two thumbs up from me. Does exactly what it set out to do. Worth every penny.---------original review------------Do not buy this until the patches come out.Right now it freezes every 5-15 minutes on my machine and at one point even BSOD it to hell. My computer is 64 bit, can run newer games just fine, but somehow it causes my computer to puke it's progamming guts out the second the characters try to even move through the map.Sucks because this is actually a really fun game so far. You just can't play it since it keeps trying to pull over 2-3 gigs of ram on moving across the map alone (jesus christ what).edit - If I get it fixed I'd be more than happy to change the review, I'm just upset I dropped $50 on a game that causes BSODs if I try to do anything but stare at the screen and try not to breathe too hard or else it'll crash."
76561198007363210,Recommended,291650,21017747,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Uncle Magic,"I started out hating this game, and it took me a long time to get used to the mechanics/plot.  I've played old school RPG's before but this one was daunting to get into, mostly for the plot, but partially for the combat.In the beginning, the writing is very poor.  It feels like they thrust you into this world without explaining anything, in spite of the fact that all the dialogue is expository.  It's bizarre how poorly written the first 2 hours of the game are.  They will pass, and you should try to pay attention, because the rest of the game is really worth it.  That's not to say everything in the game is well-written.  Some of the game is beautiful, some of it cheesy, some cliche, some predictable.There are companions, and they seem to be the real focal point of the writing efforts.  There are some interesting companions, a few who are annoying, and some who are very ""meh.""  In particular, Durance is one of the best companions I've ever had the pleasure of talking to in any RPG, and one of the only ones I'll remember after I've finished with the game.  A truly interesting spin, an archetype I've not seen much of in other games with his own quirks.   His quips and opinions are by far the most interesting aspects of the game, particularly because of his place in the world. The others seem to have been hit over the head repeatedly with the boring and cliche stick, but some of them are still enjoyable (like the wizard and the paladin).In fact, I like Durance so much that I'd recommend that anyone who is struggling with understanding the world go recruit him and then just talk to him as much as possible about everything going on in the world.  I think my understanding of Pillars of Eternity came into full form as a result of hearing him talk about his beliefs, because he is both extremely clear and also gives a great rundown of what's going on.  Everybody else speaks about the world in a weird, withdrawn way.  Even the good companions don't do well explaining themselves to you in the beginning, they just sort of follow you around for basically zero reason.  Except for Durance, really, who actually has a reason to be intrigued by you.The best advice I can give a new player is to not read everything you come across, and by that I mean that there are certain NPC's who have yellow highlighted names.  Each of these is not actually an NPC that matters in the game, but they instead just represent Kickstarter backers who've paid the correct amount to have an NPC.  Many of them have dumb names that break the 4th wall like Captain Poop or something similarly amazing, and Obsidian hamstrung themselves by offering this tiered reward and thus having to contend with whatever stupidity their backers came up with.When you interact with these yellow-plated NPC's, they give you these very long, pointless short stories that have no effect on the plot and are generally boring.  Do not read them.  If you read them, you'll be wasting your time, just like I did.  The game puts plenty of these guys right in the starting areas, so be wary not to waste your time and feel like there's all this information you need to learn, because there isn't.  It's a terrible design choice to not just stick all of them in the same area, maybe some part of a bigger city, instead of sprinkling them all over the place as a reminder that this is in fact just a game.  I know it is, of course, but immersion is nice once in a while.But if you avoid the yellow plated NPC stories and get past the first few hours, you'll be treated to a lovely game with lots of interesting moral dilemmas that mirror the kinds of things we have in real life regarding the nature of humanity, and how far science should go.  I've loved my time with it, though the combat is a bit tedious and is definitely the low point.  I don't hate it, but I just like for there to be enough breaks between combat.  It's fun in bursts.  The combat is the only thing that might prevent me from doing a 2nd playthrough.  I've found the system to be fine, but it's just not that much fun.  It's very cumbersome, a lot because of how the UI is.There's lots of other stuff going on in the game, but the writing and the combat are really the two big parts of any RPG, and that's all I'll cover.  The writing is all over the place quality-wise but eventually stays consistently pretty good, and the combat is fun enough that the combat portions aren't really a chore unless they extend for too long."
76561198014645565,Recommended,291650,24305525,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,blackhawk.16,"There's a simple litmus test for Pillars of Eternity: did you like any of BioWare's RPGs up to and including Knights of the Old Republic? If the answer is yes, buy this game immediately. If the answer is no, buy one of those games first, fall in love, *then* come back and buy this one.No, the game is not perfect. Combat can easily devolve into an opaque cluster of swords and sorcery. It's an Obsidian game, so there are bound to be bugs somewhere (althought I haven't found any 20+ hours in), but the story is compelling, the world is beautifully drawn and the writing is top-notch. It doesn't hold your hand, but it also doesn't have absurd expectations of the player, with lots of ""there if you want it"" lore content to provide context to the story. And, despite what I said earlier, the combat and character-building systems have been streamlined effectively; players have all the options laid out for them with a clear understanding of what everything will do, so they can make informed decisions and build combat strategies to suit their preferences. That's important, because combat can be hard. If you rush into a fight without knowing what you're doing, your whole party will be down in a matter of seconds. I had to lower the difficulty twice just to get past some of the game's more challenging fights, but clearing those challenges, even after lowering the difficulty, was a highly satisfying experience.I only have two complaints, one of which stems from the combat system: enemies seem to have a longer line of sight than the party does, so a fight will frequently lure in additional hostiles as it progresses, which I don't think was intentional and led to balancing issues more than once. Also, there are no rogue-class companions in the base game, which makes lockpicking and trap detection a real chore until the later stages if the player isn't a rogue. They fixed rectified this with the first expansion, but players shouldn't have to pay extra to add a key utility character to the party.Overall, though, it's a beautiful love letter to a bygone era of video games. It's noteworthyfor that reason alone, and a must-have for RPG fans because it stands on its own as a wonderful game."
76561197978783090,Recommended,291650,15549590,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Uncle Earth,"Chapter 1: Spitnas Simian soldiersSimian said, ""crass! crass! crass!""His words were witness of the most amalgamated war that will and would ever take place in the central line ancestral mounds.The central lines ancestral mounds were of course the place for which the cones and shields would sit and commence in talk and place their fistic symbolism.Simian never felt the placements of candor, could not over estimate his battalion. His battalion of course had a satisfied and candid way about them. They all wore read badges under their real badges that read Simian.Simian.They were not die hard for Simian, they were ""bufftard"". For the biggest part of their childhoods they had worn shackles and now those scaly mistresses were vanquished! Bufftard was the only way to feel in this new world. Simian sold his symbolism for cynical and satisfied undercarriage loyalty. He was a parent and he was also a further friend.Simian stood on the front line dirt formal, the line at which all front line Captains would stand and address on. While the spit literally flew from his mouth yelling crass crass crass, Simian knew that he was facing a court marshall. He did not care as he raised his club above his head and began chuckling. His call of defiance was met by his solitary friendly brother soldiers. They all raised they 41 caliber Sedric 1974 Full Auto Streaming "" Slack Sacks"" in unison.There were troubled looks on no one's faces as Simian rotated towards the advancing lines and yelled, ""tracer bullets!""At that order all his brothers in arms pulled a single Slack Sack shell from their ammo pelts. They slammed the tracers neat and snug into the trap door mechanisms of their repeater arms.Simian placed his old little club on the Portro line and pulled up his own drinking can to his lips and took a big swig of limbs juice. They had passed through a town six weeks before that had blasted out that wondrous sauce by the lake full. A single drop would spurt growths of energy in any man that had the privilege of drinking. Simian had saved the liquid salve for this very occasion when he knew that the courage of his convictions would be tested. He did not think it bravery a drink; Simian thought it privilege juice. The privilege of every friend he stood by now and felt akin to.Every man and woman in his arsenal of ravaged warriors took severe drinks of their own limbs juice and returned to checking their weapons for readiness to fire.As they readied the energy from the bubbling spice belted through their bodies and ravaged their brains with a pride known only to the Accepted Tactical Survey Commission (also known as the ATSC Royal Dismount Service).A pauper in the town of Sidelamp had given the soldiers nothing to eat as they marched their dusty boots through that sleepy town. However, he did give them something much more useful. He gave them a dusty nights watch over their tired and battle wary bodies.Pauper's name was Delgano and he was covered from head to toe in Swaddling furs and rags. The night's dust had covered all his furs with a fierce and peaceful blackness that reminded Simian of an instructor he had battled years back.In those earlier times Simian had fought to hold his little club from time to time, without the fear of his upper officer's waxed fists. The Delgano like instructor slammed both fists deep into the wax cans and pulled forth two readied punishment hands. Simian and the instructor battled for 70 minutes in the Rye fields before time was called. For his bravery Simian was aloud to carry the little club no more. This was customary of the C&S division of any ascending officer candidate.As he lay in the squared pen of Delgano's, Large Night restlessly watched for the pauper's form in the night air. Over the wooden slats he finally caught an eye of the darkened pauper and smiled large and full. Delgano returned the look with a shake of embarrassment. Who was HE to take such a kind gesture from a Royal Forward C&S Captain?The next morning Simian looked over the fence and only found a pile of moldering rags. His Menders focused on the fine pile and did not understand what had happened. It was then that Large Night Captain of the Forward C&S awoke and told the tale of the night. They all forgave the pauper Delgano and continued on their way knowing that the nights air and care that that Darkened pauper had bestowed had restored their fighting hearts.Rain water began to settle on the tired guns of the battalions front line. Not a drop was spared in giving a refreshing and much needed break from the desert dust on the front line.The tracer bullets were readied and waiting and Simian had piled on a steaming ammunition tray for the other Bombers. ""Crass!""Simian reminiscenced in his mind about how many times now it had been that he had Stood facing the Portro line and had felt the rain blast back his locks. He remembered basic training how his drill instructor wanted to tie his hair back for him but he refused. He was considered ""Wash Out Ready"" for that judgement.He laughed back thinking about all the times he had dropped that little club perfectly parallel on the Portro line. Post fax had lead to this point. Although he (Simian) carried two cans of wax as was basic operating issue for a Captain of his rank, he had Never opened either in punishment.All his brother soldiers steeped down metaphorically at his boot length and looked straight up at their Captain. They had been Waxed by him but never in punishment only in gratitude.""ALL AND GO FORWARD 1 STEP"", Cried Large Night as he advanced forward on Simian's left flank. The enemy was still rushing forward without clanking of metal, which was never a tried sign.Lieutenant Anna Jeremy looked at Large Night knowingly and he smiled back that big smile. This was it and they knew but nobody was around to know?He remembered back on the big mortar in basic training. It was so big that a standard soldier couldn't look around it. It was from the chronicled Cone Stape Standoff and was outlawed for all but ceremony. That's the day he first saw Simian simmering in a fine clad of punishment.Whips and Rails were all about Simians body that day. He was a bloody ♥♥♥♥ing mess and Poncey knew it. He wanted to be a Back Track Albrighter but after seeing Simians defiance he reenlisted that very day.Large Night yelled. "" Not a cough young ones, don't show any disdignity on this battlefield.""Simian singled and Large Nite understood. The soldiers gasped as they looked down from there Slack Sacks and saw Large Nite erased the Portro line and re-address it in a Perpendicular Calvin Full on Split line.At that second the soldiers split and became to squads and the rain fell and they laughed.Simian and his fighting Forward Spitnas Soldiers were doing this for them to hell with railing rules and forward lines.""Attack,with fists!"" Cried Simian.From eight military paces to lateral north were the Forward Crimson Calvary service watching Simian touching off and keeping his men and women ready for zeal.Admiral Ronolst Dradon was on sanctioned caravan with the Forward CC and pulled out his ""block"". He put it to his eye and could see Simian's rustic and animated face up close through the shiner lens and saw Large Night/s fists horizontally aligned with the ground."" Captain Gom, will you give this weary pack of hand picked dogs a treaded horse gallop of support?"" Questioned the Admiral.""My orders are to watch and wait for a reasoned soldier insubordination, to mark it and leave. Every one of those brave soldiers will die today sir. It was decided by the Pland Council about a week ago."""" May the sacred winds guide their sentry rifles"" soothed Admiral."
,Not Recommended,291650,30361362,Posted: 6 March,all,Vasto4Lorde,Change my review because the price raise scum and will keep it that way.That's some no man's sky level movement here.
,Recommended,291650,21374240,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Qphelia,"Great game. If you like old school RPGs like BG, IWD, play it !+Large amount of content.+Difficulty scales pretty fine, even with top gear you will sweat on PoD difficulty.+Linux support lol."
76561198026394897,Recommended,291650,21262831,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,hulaboy616,rpg magic
,Recommended,291650,21395736,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Calcographer,"A throwback to Baldur's Gate I and II, Icewind Dale I and II, and my personal favorite Planescape: Torment (I skipped school the day of release for PS:T). Initially I found myself turned off as I rushed into combat and got my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me. Granted, after years of playing the new formula RPGs, I'd forgotten how to play a game like this. I gave it another go simply because the atmosphere was fantastic (particularly the soundtrack). If you remember the isometric PC RPG renaissance of the late 90s, and you find yourself reminiscing of the sleepless nights playing on that old, slow, compaq presario like me, give this game a try.10/10. Would punch horse again to remember gameplay mechanics.(I'd also skip school to play if that were still an option for me too...)"
76561198052323462,Recommended,291650,21259731,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Will Legend,"It's a beautiful and heartfelt gift to anyone that loved BG, or any like it. The current 91 hours is a off from my total, i still dont get why time played isn't tracked in offline mode.. more like 200 hours, easily.Get it, play it and love it to ♥♥♥♥in pieces."
76561198044614999,Recommended,291650,21287091,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Unknownmale282,"Absolutely dench game. The writing is DELiCIOUS and the world is interesting with bags, sacks of exploration for you to eat and digest. There are loads of muchrooms to put into a bottle and turn into a potion to enhance your journey, which makes you wonder why we dont back to a time when this was common place for all wizards. one this, if you run this on a lap top that is 6 years old, it may not run very fast. this will cause you to vomit and be sad, but it is possible to make the low frame rate seem like some kind of magic in the world that has caused your adventurers to seem like they are walking through treakle. 10/10 would game again"
76561198031903170,Recommended,291650,21299935,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Dju,"Good story, funny and entertaining. Worth it !"
76561198023666764,Recommended,291650,21308010,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,VeganMicroBrewFan69,"Nostalgic, Fun, Very Scalable difficulty, can run on a potato."
,Recommended,291650,20891878,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Haunted Evangelion VHS,"A pretty solid game where you can live out being socially awkward with your frequent reaching out to touch other people's soul.A lot of other stuff happens, but I enjoyed it.5/5 pillers."
,Recommended,291650,21176844,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,LuisGC,"I've just finished the game and I have to say... wow! what an amazing game!The story is great, your decisions matter, the exact amount of combat dificulties...Now I'm eager to play the White March"
,Recommended,291650,21256165,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Moenkie,"Really dense story driven RPG. I lack the attention span to finish it, but it's incredibly well written."
76561198000504597,Recommended,291650,21287287,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,mitchelltf,"This game is pure bleeping awesome and I love it SO much! It's basically Baldur's Gate 3, stripped of all the things that don't age well.Not PERFECT, but as close as you can get. (Durance and Kolsc have some weird triggers)"
76561198095967399,Recommended,291650,21288906,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,SmuggerNuggets,Excellent. It's been a long time since I enjoyed an RPG so well made.
76561197976949398,Recommended,291650,21298195,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,indingoh,"Beautiful graphics and sound. Well written and voice acted story. Well designed game mechanics. Meaningful character diversity that will lead to multiple playthroughs.Anyone who enjoyed Baldur's Gate or Icewind Dale back in the day will love this game. All of the quality and heart of the old isoRPGs combined with all the quality of life improvements and polish of a modern game.For anyone who has never played an isoRPG but enjoys RPGs in general, this is a great game to start with."
76561198053231413,Recommended,291650,21354739,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Hagus,Good Old DnD style game.  Graphic are average game play is Good and the story line compelling.  Over all so far enjoying the game.
,Recommended,291650,21394584,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,SgtDemonDays,"Pillars Of Eternity is a really amazing game. played it 2 days straight almost the day i bought it. i have found  a few things that i like and dislike about the game and maybe a possible suggestion to the company.LIKESI really like the storys to the game, i think they went above and beyond on them. really like how the party randomly says stuff to each other, and that you can talk between themselves during storys. i like the details thy have put into the game big and small. like you can create your own stuff and that its so indepth.DISLIKESVideo Graphic could be better i think,stats dont change during diffculity settings on gear and weapons.still a few issues with bugs i have run across but nothing majorneeds more gear, weapons, and items in the game.areas on the map that you travel to and to get threw to get  to next area need to be biggerSUGGESTIONSWould be amazing if the company could come out with multiplayer, or even a DLC that was just a multiplayer area to team up with friends and do a story or to do random dungeons.Also add more stuff in for the enchants and forging of wapons."
76561198035654271,Recommended,291650,21399463,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,123,"20/10. The funny thing is if someone asked me what I would have payed for an RPG on par with Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, PTorment and NWN.... I woulda said 3 hundred dollars. And thats not one word of a lie and no I'm not a rich prick. Fact is nothing immerses you like these games and I will be replaying this game once a year every year for the rest of my life. Just like I do with the other old school RPG's. Well done Obsidian! Very happy to say that you have my full support."
76561197985902437,Recommended,291650,21257182,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,✪ Petey,"Deep and breathtaking story. I played this for many hours, and enjoyed every moment.Big fan of the Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter Nights series, and this was just as good."
,Recommended,291650,21286260,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,RawrGamer,Just got this game but already love it.Has a beautiful art style and the gameplay is almost exactly like D&D (except you don't know your rolls). Would highly recommend it to anybody who enjoys older style RPGs
,Recommended,291650,18387945,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Collieflower,"This is effectively the successor we've been waiting for BG2. Does it hit as hard as BG2? No, it's hard to do that. BG2 existed in a kind of beloved universe by nerds, cultivated with a rich goofy history from Dungeons and Dragons.This attempts to do it's own thing, though common fantasy tropes are brought in. None the less it's interesting and takes a strong themeatic focus upon the concept of the soul, which here is a particular thing with particular qualities, capable of being approached in an almost scientific manner.The gameplay is essentially turn based though real time, you will pause often. AI can be preset for companions to make it flow easier and I've found it to work fine. The classes are many and interesting while the stat system is a little more forgiving, as usefulness is spread out wide amid the stats. It's hard to build yourself into a character hole.The dialogue and reading is plenty. Play this game ever night, a little bit, before you go to bed. It's like cozying up with a book. It isn't supposed to give you an adrenal rush, but be an enjoyable journey.I would suggest playing it on the harder difficulties, I did at first and rarely had any issues save for near the end. The final boss can be a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,291650,16501833,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,iRhuel,"Easily one of the best RPGs this decade, possibly one of the best of all time."
,Recommended,291650,15195791,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Psyadin,"There are no words for this... EPIC i guess will have to suffice, Dragon Age 1, Mass Effect series, Baldurs Gate 2, NWN series... and now Pillar of Eternity, it ranks among the most epic games ever created and has surpassed rankings.If you enjoyed any of the games mentioned (well, not necessarily Mass Effect) you will enjoy Pillars of Eternity, it is an extremely well made game with the focus on game play and story, rather then graphics.If i had any complaint at all about this game, it would be that its too short (there were a few bugs but all the worst ones were fixed in first patch)."
,Recommended,291650,15119872,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,fancy portion,"It is amazing how unsure FNV feels compared to this. They aren't hobbled by the famous gamebryo disease, here. They don't have to mess with making sure every single pointless line of dialogue is voiced (many are, just not all),Pillars of Eternia feels like someone handed Obsidian a round peg, showed them a round hole, and said ""YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO."""
76561198167238455,Not Recommended,291650,32070045,Posted: 30 May,all,OriginalUserName,"Story:Mediocre. ""Let's just show a half-synchronized(literally!) collection of bs text to ppl! They'll love cuz it's crpg!"". Also, everyone(and everything) has a weird name with boring back stories. Since doing the main mission only is hard due to the lack of xp and tools the game forced me to do boring sidequests but it's not like they're that useful.Gameplay:No WASD by default... Who likes to put his/her hands on the arrow keys while holding the mouse?! It's not ergonomic! At least I could rebind it.If you switch away from the game or open the menu sometime it'll start to scroll away from your party automatically. Annoying bug.There are too many loadings. Too many mini maps. The game is jaggy. That's why my review contains so many small sentences. I can't do much in a sentence. No budget for it.Battles? As unbalanced as they can be - at the beginning becausethis game doesn't scale. Most enemies have like 2-3x as much HP. And there are a lot of them while always having better weapons. Sometime, it requires a full party(6 ppl!) to ""lynch"" one simple soldier in 20-30 seconds while they can knock-out anyone in a few seconds... ""You just need to go away and come back later"" - yeah, that's how my characters will level up - travelling from city to city picking up easy enemies... So exciting... ""But bruh, that's how RPGs  work!"" - shut up Timmy, RPGs reward you for the grind!Baldur's Gate 2 had a better combat system because there wasn't a need to stop the game every half of a second and go through a surprisingly unintuitive ""attack"" menu(grimoire, srsly?). And because one needs to stop the game so much it makes it rather annoying to play. It should be turn-based instead. Also, this ""endurance"" system is nonsense and they know it but they're too afraid to admit it.It shouldn't be 2D because it's hard to see my characters from all the spell effects. But of course, creating a 2D environment requires less effort...Graphics:Not good. It also lacks optimizations and runs poorly - despite the fact that everything is on 2D and only the characters are 3D. It's also interesting to note that most maps are really small - having a bad performance in that case is ridiculous.I guess it was only hyped because in these days almost no one publishes new CRPGs and ppl really need them. This studio likes money but don't like to work.Go and try it for yourself. The first 2 hours will be interesting(enough to play away your refund right), especially the character creation. Then it goes down on the hill. You'll only like it if you like to read boring dialogues and like to take part in boring combat."
,Recommended,291650,15190327,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,dz,Greatest CRPG ever.
76561197971103047,Recommended,291650,15066607,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,desertdawg,"Dang, this brings back memories. The way Balder's Gate series should have been. Now, with a new story."
76561198075185570,Recommended,291650,15080524,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Daevut,Baldurs Gate 3: Pillars of Eternity
76561198040597652,Recommended,291650,21928051,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,lepre003,"Since the release of its expansions and patches, this game has crept into my top 5 all time..Immersive, well written, and unique storyChallenging and exciting gameplayI see it as a must play"
76561197986783888,Recommended,291650,21797424,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,AndreyTG,"Perfect old-school game, higly recommended."
76561198010603622,Recommended,291650,21846590,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Ozz14,"Jesus Christ is this game a breath of fresh air. Sometimes you just gotta go back to the classics. Thank you Obsidian. If you like RPGs of any kind, you will appreciate this game."
,Recommended,291650,21769448,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Alex The Great,"I gonna be honest i have never played any of the old infinity engine games but i am a huge Rpg fan i played dragon age,Mass effect,Deus ex etc. i wanted to play this game for a very long time i bought it on sale and buyed the expansion white march and played over 50 with one character and i read somewhere that pillars of eternity is must own game for rpg or something like that. and i can easily say i enjoyed every single second of pillars of eternity  its a great  gamePros-Great character customization-good story-a ton of lore-Interesting companions-The option to make your own party members-The rep systemCons-a lot of micro management-Some of your written party members isnt that useful-the first act is kinda boring-sometimes it can be hard as hell or easy as heavenNote:i suck at reviewing games  and my english sucks and i am kinda has some screws lose"
,Recommended,291650,21799924,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Conkeldurr,"Liking so farAfter getting into the game, doing the tutorial dungeon, getting to the nearest town, ignoring what the guy says, going to the dungeon, giving up on trying to open the door in the dungeon, killing some civilians for a wizard who told them to f*** their sister, going into the tavern/inn creating an adenturer, reaching level three. i am enjoying the game"
76561198008220780,Recommended,291650,21830795,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,colin9882,"This was an amazing game. It wasn't particularly challenging, it wasn't particularly beautiful, but the character creation and customization allowed me to build the team I wanted and the story was completely involving. I found myself thinking about the story line while I was away from the game. It has been quite a long time since I felt that from a game."
76561198096705012,Recommended,291650,21852514,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Tinman1954,"Love the game but can't find any of the ""Royal Edition"" extras.  Neither Steam nor Obsidian is offering any help in locating and denied a ""prorated"" refund of $45 of the $90 so I might be faced with a credit card dispute of the $90 unless I can get some support around here.  Buy basic version only!"
,Recommended,291650,21861637,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,D3lt4G,Beautifully designed
,Recommended,291650,21930504,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Niarbeht,"The only thing I don't like about this game is that I need to be in the correct mindset to play it.  If I'm not prepared to be attentive and engaged, I just can't do it.In other news, I'm off to the store to buy a 2-liter of caffeinated soda so I can sit around and play this game."
,Recommended,291650,15247593,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,F'tangg,"I've not much to add to what's already been said in praise of this game. It's a 'classic' CRPG, freed from the restrictions of using the D&D licence, and designed from the ground up to have mechanics that make sense on the PC, not a pen and paper RPG.Everything you loved about Baldur's Gate and other Infinity Engine games is here, but refined. The developers at Obsidian have not coasted this in on famous names - much as that helped the Kickstarter - this is the product of decades of experience in the writing and design of epic CRPG adventures, and it shows."
,Recommended,291650,15247792,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Elicit,"What a fantastic game, i wish i had backed it on Kickstarter."
76561197970965314,Recommended,291650,15247291,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Spanky,"Great game igot 100+ houres on it so i say it worth it, ithink the classes could use more work ithink they a too simpel if you make 2 rogues they pretty much end up the same in the end. some classes give you abit more freedom but still not much.story is fine not mindblowing but still fine, and the crafting could use abit of a upgrade. but i had 2 play thought so all in all ill give it a nice 8/10 Rating  Worth buying and i will most likely buy the expansion and play it thought 1 more time."
76561197982806425,Recommended,291650,24491028,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,kbelrose,great game thus far
,Recommended,291650,33991456,Posted: 3 August,all,Manuelman,"This is THE game for people who like rpgs. If you consider than an RPG is more than talking to NPC and doing quests, then this is it for you.The relationship mechanics (not with NPC, but more specifically with factions) is interesting, and, while not overly complicated, it's still much more comprehensive.The fighting mechanics, while simple in its basics, offer a wide range of possibilities and interactions between them. This offer a much varied experience, where changing just one of your companions in a party can alter greatly the way that party is played, while still being viable.It is true that it's not an action RPG, but listing it as a flaw is like saying it doesn't have matchmaking. It doesn't need it, it's not that kind of game.All in all, one of the, if not THE best, rpg I have played in the last 10 years. Yes, including THAT one, specially including that one."
,Recommended,291650,33984471,Posted: 2 August,all,Mr Master,"I haven't written a review for this game yet, and I have no idea why.  Check my clocked hours.  This is hands down one of my favorite games, and I have played a vast array of RPGs.  PoE has a superbly written story, rich characters, deep lore, and FUN combat.  No, it is not BG.  Stop whining that it isn't a BG clone and enjoy the game for what it is.  I love BG for BG, and PoE for PoE.  Every class is fun and viable to play, Cipher is my personal favorite though. Obsidian proves they still got the stuff.  Can't wait for the sequel. 10/10"
76561198061792872,Recommended,291650,35055969,Posted: 18 September,all,yoda soda,"Let's just start off this review by saying that this game is an absolute masterpiece in both it's gameplay and story. I never found any spot in the game where I thought it was boring (or at least no spot that was memorable for being boring). With that said, there are still a few things this game lacks. This will be a spoilers free review.Pros:-Story is somewhat intestering and has a villian that poses a unique threat to the world.-The combat feels refreshing and does justice to it's father RPGs like BG and IWD (only in that the combat has the same tactical aspect as these two games, not the spell system).-The ability to make your own party from scratch or to use companions is nice.-The enchanting/crafting system is superb.-The conversation action that someone can take based off of stats/skill makes the game feel immersive.-Does an excellent job on taking a new perspective on good vs evil.Cons-Lore is thrown at you really fast, but is easy to piece together by the time you are in a second play through.-Lots of reading from characters who have voice actors, would be nice to have all plot essential characters to always have voice acting. (this doesn't have a really large impact on the experience).-Some of the companions feel somewhat shallow (not making complex relationships with any of your companions like in Baldur's Gate II)-Too many NPCs that are made from short-stories from kick-starters. This isn't really a huge deal as some of them hold gear that you can kill them for.Overall the cons of this game have a minimal effect on the game and I would highly suggest you buy this game if you are a fan of the BG Saga or IWD or are just an RPG fanatic overall."
76561198028440336,Recommended,291650,35093815,Posted: 20 September,all,NMaier,"Amazing game! Very deep in it's story as well as in it's complexity. Depending on how difficult a challange you want you can tone that complexity to your liking. It takes time but it's worth it.It's like p&p rpg brought to PC.Deeply recommended to all ""pure"" rpg lovers out there. Don't expect flashy, fast paced action. This is for patient people who want to dive into a thrilling story and discover a great game bit by bit.Keep it up Obsidian!!!"
76561198196000227,Recommended,291650,35168443,Posted: 23 September,all,NursingNinja,"Amazing game, one of the best RPG's I've played in a while.  Like anything that Obsidian does the writing is out of this world.The only thing I would recommend is to take your time learning how to play this game.  If you're like me and you never played baldurs gate or anything like that it is going to feel punishing.  You cant just roll in and kill everything, even on easy mode.  You have to use tactics, watch a few video's on youtube though and you will be fine.  The game isn't grindy, you should be able to defeat anything as long as your tactics don't suck.I also like how the choices in the game reflect well in the ending.  If you take the time to do all those little side quests and look around it pays off in the end.  Also, the game invests you in these stories and you start to care about the NPC's that you interact with more so than in most games.  So when decisions start to matter it actually means something to you.I think there is something to be said for old school graphics.  Don't get me wrong, the game looks nice but it's definately old school.  Since I hadto use my own imagination to interact with the story I personally felt more involved in what was going on.  I'm not saying I don't like the more modern games too, I'm just saying there is a place for this style RPG beyond simple nostalgia.Give it a shot, it's worth your time.  Worth it for the full price, but certainly don't pass it up if it's on sale."
76561198010708979,Recommended,291650,35180318,Posted: 24 September,all,qtrainer,"I remember the old text adventure games. . . ""There is a fountain in front of you""  It's Baldur's Gate all over again with even more impreessive art work! If you get this game don't forget to say goodbye to your friends and family as you will be dressed up as a medevial monk, locked in your room with your scrolls. four stars ****"
76561197979926895,Recommended,291650,16765888,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Jabriece,"Pillars of Eternity is a shining example of what an RPG should be. It has immense depth in both gameplay and story. It uses its own flavor of Dungeons and Dragons-esque ruleset; establishes its own races, nations, and monsters; and presents it all in a familar and accessible formula that spells fun any way you slice it. It has a very managable user interface that stands far above the old days of Infinity Engine gameplay while not sacrificing that intricate feel of the games of old. The graphics are picturesque paintings of fantasy settings where your 3D sprites will move about - I did  find myself wishing for more character customization options though. Pillars of  Eternity is a love letter to pen and paper, Infinity Engine, and fantasy RPG fans alike."
,Recommended,291650,15743766,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Jay Gatsby,"If you are reading this to decide whether to buy the game, save yourself 10 minutes and just buy it.  This is the cities: skylines for isometric games.  Be patient during the learning phase of the game and you will be rewarded with a gorgeous game that has immense replay value."
76561197995385895,Recommended,291650,15164224,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Suicidalsnowy,"Great game, remindes me of old baldurs gate games, and how epic they were.it was about time something came out in that style again."
,Recommended,291650,17450822,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Advisorcloud,"I'll give this game 1 existential crisis out of 1, since that's what it ended up giving me by the time I finished it."
76561198052709775,Recommended,291650,19560474,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,dreamerInSilico,"I cannot possibly say enough good things about this game, so I'll save the gushing and break it down:- Brilliant writing, from the original setting, to the characters (companions and otherwise), and the quests.  Tackles morally-complex themes and choices with deftness and nuance.- Plenty of side-quests; zero ""filler.""  Even what seems like it's going to be a simple FedEx quest will have some kind of interesting choice involved.- Colorful and entertaining companion characters, including both the first hunky blond warrior and the first paladin character I've ever liked.- Challenging cRPG tactical combat, with deep character creation reminiscent of, yet far more sensical than the D&D-based PC games of yore.  Players who aren't serious cRPG enthusiasts should start on Easy.Play this game.  Dear sweet Flying Spaghetti Monster, play this game."
76561198051041902,Recommended,291650,15497425,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,JimmyD34,"Crowdsourcing at its best. This is one of the best RPG's I've ever played.  For those who enjoy detailed lore, it's an absolute must have. It's one of those games that I don't want to finish, because it's too good and there's not a lot of recent games like it.  I'm taking a break until the expansions come out.Pros:-Immersive world with new races (along with the some old standards), cultures, politics. Everything is detailed.-Memorable party members and NPCs (most of which are killable, like in the Bethesda games)-Great questing system. Even the minor side quests seem important and unique.-Decent enough graphics, no cut scenes (you can run this game on just about any rig built in the last 10 years)-Non-Linear (similar to the 1st Dragon Age game)Cons:-Difficulty sort of unbalanced at times, if you don't complete things in a certain order-Enchantment system and crafting is a little clunky-That's it.  Buy this game."
76561198003434284,Recommended,291650,15398213,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Morte,"This is an incredibly well written, emotionally engaging, and fun to play computer role playing game. It is arguably a bit short and easy, but that is ultimately preferable to an experience that outstays its welcome.On its surface, the setting seems like your typical fantasy cliche. However, the more you delve into the lore and each character's backstory, the more you find yourself exploring mature and thought-provoking themes. Do not be fooled by the ogres and elves - there is plenty of creativity here in both the main plot and side-quests. The writing is rich and thick with lore references, but never to the point where the player feels lost or disconnected. On the contrary, the more time I spent reading up on the lore, the more internally consistent everything felt.But the real attraction to the writing was the characterization - both direct, in the way the characters are described by their authors, and indirect, in the way they act and interact with the world around them.Through its characters does this world feel real and believable, and it was the intimate detail in which these little pixelated people were described that made me feel immersed in Dyrwood. There is a certain psychological realism - for lack of a better term - that manages to bridge the gap of disbelief between the player and the setting in Pillars of Eternity. It also does not hurt that the voice acting is incredibly convincing, conveying subtle nuances with perfect timing. But more than that, it feels like acting in the true sense of the word; in the sense that is above mere line-delivery. The simple-minded good-hearted warrior with a troubled past manages to consistently sound like a simple-minded good-hearted warrior with a troubled past, while still including variations in mood. The mysterious, powerful villain conveys a permanent sense of calm and authority, and yet he sometimes seems benign, while at other times there is a subtly menacing tone.The gameplay is essentially a streamlined, modified version of the systems in Baldur's Gate 2. This is by no means a negative, although some purists or old-timers might decry certain features as being too dumbed down or casual. In my opinion, a lot the enjoyment comes from the variety of meaningfully distinct classes and abilities, as well as the freedom to continuously make additions of both player created and ""canon"" characters to the party. Variety and experimentation are key words here. Players are encouraged to have fun mixing and matching different party members and testing different playstyles.The developers have really paid much attention to detail, and it would take a long time to praise each of the small features that make this game a joy to play. For example, I really loved how information about enemy stats was progressively added to the journal, helping the player adopt more effective tactics in battle. Also, the interface does a good job of letting you interact with a rather complex world and combat system in as few clicks as possible (Wasteland 2, this ain't).I mentioned in the beginning that the game is a bit easy and short. However, this is coming from someone who grew up with turn based strategies and rpgs. And it is also from someone who spent a significant amount of time planing their party and optimizing both ability and gear distribution. In combat, I paused the game every half-second, making sure to use my cooldowns as efficiently as possible. Lastly, I did a huge chunk of the side quests on offer, which meant that I was maxed out on experience and had the best items at about three quarters of my playthrough on hard difficulty. If that is the mindset you bring to the game, I don't believe you will find any insurmountable obstacles. However, if you expect to simply click on things and make them die, then you are in for a world of hurt. Even with everything maxed out, you will still need to keep your wits about you and make shrewd decisions in combat. Very few were the moments when I could just let the game flow unpaused through a whole encounter.The only remaining complaint is that the game feels like it could have been more. Not just in terms of length, but also in terms of rpg mechanics and story-telling. You can see in the design of classes that much has been either removed (presumably for balancing purposes) or it simply never made it past the planing stages of development. For instance, he wizard's grimoire goes up to level 10, but the highest level spells in the game are at 6. Similar things can be said of the chanter's or cipher's abilities. Also, the relatively low, 12 level cap (combined with only a couple of top tier weapons in each class) makes much of the later side-questing somewhat irrelevant. Lastly, I could not help but notice how none of the character archs had any gameplay impact on the characters themselves. This is particularly jarring in one side-quest, upon completion of which, the player is informed that said character has become more aggressive and stronger. And yet there isn't even a +1 to accuracy or anything of substance added to the character. It all just makes me miss the amazing party interactions from Planescape: Torment. If anyone remembers Dak'kon's zerth blade transformations, you'll know what I'm talking about.Still, like a good book, this game was able to keep me hooked for many sleepless nights. It is both accessible and deep, mysterious and familiar. It can be shockingly grim and dark, but also humorous and light-hearted. It challenges and rewards, but hardly ever frustrates or disappoints. It makes you think, it makes you care, and it makes you take risks. And it's a thoroughly fun to play video game."
,Recommended,291650,15180439,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Terdwillow,I'm only 4 hours into this game but so far its fantastic!  Just as fun as the old Baldur's Gate series!
,Recommended,291650,15086419,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,idioteque,No time for typing review...
76561198125218159,Recommended,291650,21974672,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,aeriagloris,"After 40 hours in game now I can summarize that it takes time to get into the game - but if you are patient, it's great. Game mechanics and also lore are unlike anything you have seen before, and it's old school, meaning it doesn't take your hand and explains every little detail just for your convenience. It is not casual play, it is demanding, both for your brain to grasp the game world and for your skill at winning battles, even on Normal difficulty.GAMEPLAYStill, it is captivating. If you are looking for a new Baldur's Gate II which is not only a pale imitation nostalgia wise, but a great game merely basing on BG's concepts, stop reading and buy. Because Pillars of Eternity does definitely remember its roots, but excels at some aspects: There is a a function to speed up time, so no random Haste-spell-casting just to get to your next quest location. There's a stash for equipment (some might say that's just bad RP, but hey, it's 2016.) There are two values that bring your characters down in combat, with actually dieing of low health being removed as a core factor of gameplay. No more ""Remember that time when I got torn to pieces 20 times during our epic adventure?""GRAPHICS AND PERFORMANCEGraphics are o.k. You'll get the pre drawn maps we know from games like BG which are awesome, the level of detail of areas is very high. Characters look a little blocky though and some more work could have gone into them. I've had small lags when opening menus, but they were barely noticable and the game runs smoothly especially when it has to - in combat. Nothing to truly criticise graphics and performance wise, really.IMMERSIONJust as I said above, it takes time getting used to. Characters will throw words at you and you'll be like... yeah right, but you'll have no idea. But that's fine. Pick up a book, or just run with the story and use your reason, it works just fine. Throughout the game there are tombstones with messages from supporters. During loading screens, you are warned that those break the Fourth Wall, so if you want full immersion, don't read them. I did, though, and my personal high was seeing a message from Gamebanshee which has always accompanied me through BG and other games. Good times.Quests are all well done and you are not spammed with random, re-occurring tasks like in DA:I. Everything is scripted individually, and side quests sometimes can have a deeper impact on you than the main storyline. Again, legacy of BG right there.MUSIC AND VOICE ACTINGThe important dialogue is voiced and I found it very well balanced to the reading parts. There is much more voice used than in BGII, for example and the voice acting is decent. It fits. Music is background only, don't expect an epic score like they used in Witcher 3. But again, it all works. Some more music would have been nice, but hey, aren't we all spoiled.GENERAL EPICNESSPeople have been calling for a remake of BG as a modern game, and we get a crowdfunded BG style RPG which doesn't give a crap about some of the modern game standards like 1st Person, Superior Graphics, Fully Voiced Dialogue... and guess what - it works. It's a long game, too. And stuff you do really means something. Your choices matter and more often than not you're left with a somewhat sour taste in your mouth after a dialogue completed.The only downside to this game is that its level of detail can overwhelm you and you might find this and that dialogue to be just a bit too much and the troubles of your companions more a nuisance than a benefit. I recommend just rolling with it and to reduce metagaming like reading guides to a minimum. Especially on Normal difficulty, you'll be fine doing just that.tl;drTired of going through Irenicus' Dungeon for the 1.000.000 time? Well download a Mod to skip it, or maybe buy Pillars ot Eternity and experience a game that is refreshing and yet takes you back to the good old days of gaming, and the Internet as a whole.It is a smart and demanding game, it is NOT a casual game. Bring time and be ready to read a lot of text. You may have to start over two or three times, but then it'll be a great run. 8.5/10"
76561197997256551,Recommended,291650,30384590,Posted: 7 March,all,metalking706,"If you enjoyed Baldur's gate, Icewind Dale or Planescape, then you need to buy Pillars. This game carries on the legacy of those old greats in the best fashion. I'm so happy to be able to play another game made in the same vein of those classics."
76561197984490129,Recommended,291650,28577831,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Dust45,Obsidian knows how to write. Don't let the graphics fool you; this is a very polished game that only gets more beautiful as you play it.
76561198005430731,Recommended,291650,15207932,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Chetan,It was ok for a BG with no D&D rule set
76561198021753840,Recommended,291650,15067675,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Janis,"This is more than a game, this is a time travel back to my youth where RPG's were rich and deep. If you ever wondered if there will be a spiritual successor to Baldur's Gate I & II, look no further, this is it and it sucks you in from the beginning. The story is great, the character development is great and the combat proves difficult but entertaining. I`ll spend a lot of hours on this one for sure."
76561198004851032,Recommended,291650,19447912,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,🐌,"Best game ever! If you like RPG's you will love this, especially Baldur's Gate fans!"
76561197968615367,Recommended,291650,15457859,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,IIntrude,"I picked this up on a whim and a super quick Google search for ""Games like Baulders Gate.""  BEST Unplaned purchase I have done on Steam.  The game really gets it right.  It scratches that old BG itch and then some.  Beautiful graphics, great sound, and an easy to pick up and play system.After my impulse buy, I just sank 10.2 hours into the game during a busy NHL playoffs day.  It's that good :)So far my only complaints are1.) Almost too many spells for Mage types (But honestly, since when is abundant choice a bad thing?)2.) The screen can get crowded with enemies, making the action hard to distinguish.I pray that they will be making a sequal, the game is so good I want to see this become a franchise or at least carry the game system over to a new ip.9/10 would buy again.  Would suggest it to my friends.  Would skip work to play.  Did get yelled at by wife for ignoring here while playing."
76561198132354431,Recommended,291650,15782675,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,rody2750,I hated the long loading screen the most. specially when I have to go through several doors one after the other.Other than that lots of fun highly recommended.
76561197987680129,Recommended,291650,32842366,Posted: 26 June,all,Jeronimo,"Even though I'm not very familiar with the CRPG style of RPG, this is by far one of the best RPG's I have played. In my opinion this is in the same league as The Witcher 3 for story and overall gameplay experience. I highly recommend this game."
76561197995305055,Recommended,291650,15486886,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Crankley,Cest Bon!
,Recommended,291650,15106429,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Shwoople,"Cannot rate this game enough. Draws back to a similar style of NVN but with a very fun, interactive and impressive personality system. A definite buy for any lover of CRPGs. For fans who loved Dungeon Siege 2 but were hugely disappointed with DS3 - this is the sequel it should have been.Unfortunately for me though my computer sucks and overheats after about an hour everytime I play it."
,Recommended,291650,15104566,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,FoxDie,I haven't played a game like this since Neverwinter Nights! So awesome I wish I didn't have to sleep and go to work....
,Recommended,291650,15095438,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Noah,The dialog options actually feel like they matter. Not having 3 options lead to the same response. This game raises the bar that has been lowered over the years.
,Recommended,291650,15095691,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Vatari,"This is a RPG In the TRUE since of the word. This is one of the best roleplaying games on steam, and it is well worth your time if you are a fan of the genre.Is this game worth 40, 60, or even 90 dollars?Absolutely"
76561197979634441,Recommended,291650,15133292,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,[GGC] Prinz des Terrors,Don't be discouraged by the lack of multiplayer. I didn't exactly know how good this game was until I started playing it for the first hour. Outstanding game.
76561198006922502,Recommended,291650,15086455,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,gmmerrick,"Two very happy thumbs up. All that the Baldur's Gate series had to offer in an updated, revised and improved package.  The rules set they have developed here is better than D&D, the classes, more varied.  Everything I was looing for and many things I didn't know i was looking for. Well done and you have a customer for any expansion you plan to create."
76561197974508920,Recommended,291650,15095814,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Onion,If you liked Baldurs Gate 1/2 you will like this.
76561197977092433,Recommended,291650,15110770,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Panssu,"As a gamer who thinks Baldur's Gate-games, and in lesser extent the others created with Infinity engine,  are pretty much the best RPG's ever created, I am jubilant they finally got the offspring we have been waiting for.The fact that it is no longer based on the D&D system was a concern of mine, but the new system works brilliantly. The classes, leveling and talents are solid and fairly easy to understand. Giving up on certain classic D&D rules is a good idea in my opinion. Now you can have your Cleric wield a crossbow, making it a deadly sniper from the back. However, the lack of specialization classes is a flaw IMHO. Also the lack of Party AI (behavior) is a really silly. A lot of micromanagement needed at times.Graphics are very solid, beautiful, yet paying homage to the original games. 3D characters look very good an blend seamlessly into the background. Sounds are also good and the music made me think of old Baldur's immideately. The game feels sublime and finished, and there seems to be very few bugs to encounter.However, the story seems a bit vague compared to the original Bioware games and characters lack charisma. They are not as interesting as say Minsc or Edwin, but still are interesting enough to keep you company.All in all, I am giving this game a strict 8/10.If the party AI is added I would raise it to 9/10.There is plenty of content, but I do hope there will be a substantial amount of extra content in DLC-form in the future."
76561198043987666,Recommended,291650,15118198,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,pineapplesauce,"Pillars of eternity is a Great game for any tactical RPG fan! Control your party in real time, pause to issue orders.You control a Watcher, a character misfortunate enough to be able to peer into the souls of the dead. Cast spells, summon monsters, create your dream party of 6 to unlock the mysteries of your watcher gift slash curse.Choose from 11 classes recruit 8 NPC characters complete with quests and back stories. Hire custom adventurers at the inn.  Build a stronghold, recruit defenders. With pillars of eternity adventurer is you!"
76561198032043351,Recommended,291650,15450719,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Memberberry,Made me fall in love with RPGs again.
76561197978170885,Recommended,291650,23128100,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,rgwilson3,Excellent Game.. over 150+ hours and still playing it.
76561197967045631,Recommended,291650,15442275,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Steaksauce,"What can I say really? Um, how about... THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING STUPIDLY FUN.  Its crazy how it pulls you in, at times the storyline is meh but most of the time its really good.  I have beaten it twice once on normal and then again on path of the damned.  POTD was hard but only at the beginning, with good custom NPCs, you can still crush the bad guys at the end.  I did things totally different with each time I played it and the endings changed and the stories mid game changed and the quest items were different.  I am really really impressed by this game and I cannot wait for the expansion to come out.  I beat this, then said ok time for wasteland 2, after a few hours Im back at pillars.   then i say ok something new time for Divinity, then after a few hours its back to pillars.  I can't get away."
76561197995017983,Recommended,291650,15108059,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Lomaxnoah,10/10 best rpg in a long time
76561198014103119,Recommended,291650,29512856,Posted: 26 January,all,kennethsw,Great game
76561198076102559,Recommended,291650,23073005,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,gamernerd86,Are you a fan of the old Baldurs Gate games?  Look no further
,Recommended,291650,29910003,Posted: 13 February,all,Kasoi,"Damn, game, I am nearly 30, I don't have any imagination left. And I am short-sighted so when you show me a wall of text I just start mashing the spacebar.And I though the HAMMER OF GOD CRUSHING EVERYTHING AND KILLING AND YOU KNOW EVERYONE IS DEAD would be better that a knife I stole from someone's kitchen and then applied couple of enchantments on it, but apparently my character prefers knives because I made him like this.And these battles. There are so many enemies in the game so I could easily get bored if there were no other options than fight them all. Also bosses. First you get kicked in the♥♥♥♥♥so hard so you start thinking that this is impossible. But then you use couple of abilities on certain enemies and the battle kind of ends by itself in your favor.And the secrets. I had to check all the places I've been again after I've recruited the character with high Perception. Turned out there are many things that just hidden.And these options in the conversations. What do you mean [Monk]? So my badass barbarian can't use this option and I need to start playing by other class?!I am lazy. The game is just overwhelming."
76561198185605913,Recommended,291650,29726173,Posted: 5 February,all,jmaiuri,"A solid RPG. Divinity is my favorite of the genre, but this is worthwhile. The worst part? LONG load-screen wait times, and there's a load screen for every door. Slowly turning me off of what would otherwise be an excellent adventure."
,Recommended,291650,15583473,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,iamthejeff,"This is a good game, and a cool one. If you like games that are both cool and good then you should play this game."
,Recommended,291650,15069082,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Ichbin,"I acquired the vast culture, of this new world. Delved into the story of the land. Then gathered a small party of colorful characters... Then got murdered by a pack of wolves.10/10 - Would die again."
,Recommended,291650,15106678,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Daddy,"As someone who grew up playing fallout 1/2 and diablo 1/2 I've been lost for a decade with all the terrible remakes of our old classics or dissapointing sequels (diablo). Path of exile being one of the few good games we've had, but for what PoE added in good game mechanics is lacked effort in character building and story.Pillar has EVERYTHING, from huge ammounts of effort into each quest, great voice acting that actually adds to the whole experience, i didn't just sit there groaning the voices completely ruined any immersion.  It has a dead catA REAL DEAD CAT! which you can have as a pet may i add, killing feral children, stealing a gem then warning the owner his gem is under threat of being stolen, Going to kill a crazy lord then changing your mind and killing the person who sent you... this game is truely open to play HOWEVER you want.Each class feels unique, combat is fluid and difficult enough to challenge even hardcore rpg veterans.If  I could sacrifice my first born to get a sequel to  this game, i would go out and fertilize every willing subject."
,Recommended,291650,18169591,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,zeh-,O gráfico é animal e bem gostoso de jogar. Só achei a história meio chata.É um baldurs gate piorado na história e animal nos gráficos.Vale a diversão
76561198094998524,Recommended,291650,30353177,Posted: 6 March,all,Street City Gangster,"Amazing story, love the combat and the only downside in my opinion was the companions. I would love to see more in-depth characters in the future. All in all a very good game for those who like classic RPG games."
,Recommended,291650,22247984,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,lamarfillmore,"As someone who enjoyed Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale as a kid, I loved this game. It feels familiar to those games, but has enough difference that you feel like it's its own world and own game. A lot of the faults and positives have already been discussed ad nauseam on prior reviews, so I will keep my comments short and sweet.Overall, this game is excellent. Immersive world, intriguing story, fun lore, and a good amount of skills/exploring to accomplish. I also appreciated the D&D feel of the quick screen options where you get to choose to use grappling hooks, crowbars and the like. Moreover, I enjoyed how the story characters had special abilities not available to player created version of the class (i.e. Hiravias shapeshifting into a Staelgaer).However, there were a few things I realize bothered me while I was playing the game. Primarily, some of the characters felt like their story was kind of thrown together at the last minute and/or was noticably lacking depth and complexity in comparison to other characters. As such, I found I was more likely to include in my party the characters with the better storyline and abandoning the rest at the stronghold. Additionally, while the story is interesting, I found myself skipping over parts of the dialogues simply because I was getting bored, and wasn't getting anything new from reading three or four pages of text.  While this isn't a reason not to play the game, it is noticeable and you will feel it by the time you get done playing.Ultimately, if I had to rate the game I'd give it 8/10. Worth the buy and the play time."
76561198054007117,Recommended,291650,15298658,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Redvolver,"The type of game that has been missing from the market for a veeeeeeery long time. Excellent game all around, one of the best RPG i've ever played in my entire life"
76561198027473652,Recommended,291650,15219863,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Stalder,Best game in forever . . .. engaging . . .. beautiful to look at . . .real characters . . . . just buy it :)
76561198028338369,Recommended,291650,15216563,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,MeetMyDuck,"One of the best RPGs since the golden age of the genre (Planescape, BG, IWD, NWN). 100/100"
,Recommended,291650,15220975,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Aethington,IT BACKED UP MY SAVE
76561198013728428,Recommended,291650,16478197,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Brigador,"Not only the best RPG out of Kickstarter or the best isometric retro RPG of recent times, it's one of, if not the best, RPG game of 2014/2015. A must play for anyone interested in the genre."
76561197995256814,Recommended,291650,15653699,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Corridian,An amazing game. Pretty much has stolen my life... Worth every penny and second.
76561197997154791,Recommended,291650,15607125,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,The Doug,"Pillars of Eternity has a strong story, challenging combat and interesting NPCs, as well as an interesting original setting. Any fan of the old CRPGs like Baldur's Gate will love this game, which keeps the best part of those while still feeling like a modern game. The only criticism I would make is that it has strangely long load times (at least for me), but you should also avoid this game if you dislike walls of text, which it often uses where other games would have cut-scenes."
76561198080966031,Recommended,291650,15608531,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,looneytune6317,"Ok so check it out!!!! This review is from a guy who is in to games like Final fantasy type RPG games!!! I really thought things over when it came to spending money to buy this game. I did a lot of youtube research on this game lol, and just said ""you know what? i am just going to take a chance and buy this game"" and so far i am having so much fun playing this game!!!!!!! I have not had this much fun since Final fantasy 7!!!!! listen to me folks!!!!!!!!! This game is something rare!!!!!! if you take the time to sit down and just play and read through this game, you should not be disappointed at all. The story has kept my attention thus far. This is a very deep narrative driven game. You must be willing to READ!!!!!! but if you are like me, you will be rewarded!!!!! This game is something great. (by the way i am a U.S. Marine) and i still love this game!!!!!"
76561198000275523,Recommended,291650,15104994,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Clawstring,Amazing game. Awesome story. Greatly improved upon the Icewind Dale/Baldur's Gate series mechanics for a much smoother game. I love the stronghold upkeep side track.
,Recommended,291650,15113444,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Subzero,"Excellent game so far, loved baldurs gate 2 so this was a must buy for me, hopeful i can sink many hours into this !!"
76561197998430813,Recommended,291650,29964718,Posted: 16 February,all,Tim,"If you like Baldurs Gate, then this is the game for you. Excellent storytelling and does a good job being new even though its got a nostalgic feeling."
,Recommended,291650,32531910,Posted: 18 June,all,Cock Hat,"TL:DR^2 - game's good, the ever raising price is bad.TL:DR- This game is great, good story, characters, and combat (which you have to get used to if you haven't played games such as this). The negative reviews are mostly because of the game's pricing, which is understandable. This is a game you should definitely try out if you enjoy story, character, reading (especially), and DnD esque RPG systems.------As of writing this review this game is reviewed as mostly negative, not because of gameplay, story, or anything about the actual experience. Rather, it is mostly negative because of the price, which i don't support in the slightest.This review is going to be about the game itself, which i highly reccomend, and not the raised price due to the upcoming steam summer sales.This game is great, one of the best story games i've ever had the experience of going through, or started in the time of the review. The game feels very DnD esque, the usual character creation: pick race, sex, class, and attribute rolls. Much like DnD your character's class and attribute roll specifically effect how events turn out in game. for instance, catching someone you're climbing up a wall with if your dex is high enough.now, this game feels very... slow, i guess. it's basically the best game you'll ever read. If you enjoy expansive lore, deep and well written dialogue between all characters, in your party and village NPCs, this game is for you. It requires A LOT of reading, and if you're not into reading multiple paragraphs of dialogue throughout basically every interaction, then i would reccomend to stay away, unless you want to adopt a summer reading project.The gameplay is interesting, at points it will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ making you rethink about your party's positioning, attacks, etc... and at others it will make you feel like it's a bit too easy. You feel really good when figuring out puzzles, which is great as most RPGs seem to have lackluster and bland counterparts. The race of your character effects gameplay a bit, some of it being a niche novelty used rarely, if not ever, this being most noticable with the godlike race, where they can't wear helmets but, you can light torches with your head, this being basically only used in some puzzles, but hey, it's something. The combat in this game is slow, but methodical, you need to know how to rearrange your party in certain combat situations, freezing time constantly to switch and focus targets. This game can be brutal, especially for new players who have never played games such as baldur's gate and others like it.This game should be played, especially if you enjoy DnD and RPGs. I definitely reccomend this game to anyone who has time to spend reading paragraphs of enjoyable and well written dialogue, even if the combat seems a bit... slow. This is definitely something you should pick up, if only the stupid devs/publishers would stop raising the price of it.==============This is my first steam review, so i must apologize if it isn't the best you've ever read but, I hope it isn't the worst either."
,Recommended,291650,17735136,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Imperil,"Tremendous CRPG, to anyone that played the Bioware/Black Isle games you definitely want to play this!"
,Recommended,291650,15216185,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Bix,"Start playing at 5 p.m, look at the clock and realized its 5 a.m."
,Recommended,291650,15240498,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Kaerthon,"Loving this game. I couldn't ever get into Baldur's Gate or the predecessors to this flavor of RPG. I always needed a more tactical approach ( Tactics, Banner Saga, etc ) but with the encouragement of a few friends I grabbed Pillars and have been playing my face off. It really feels like I'm playing D&D and I am definitely going to need to play through a few more times."
,Recommended,291650,15213188,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,TwoBits,"Pillars of Eternity is a fantastic combination of intelligent and complex tactical combat, writing that is leagues ahead of most of the gaming world, atmospheric music, and gorgeous hand-drawn landscapes. What more could you ask for in a good RPG? The second age of CRPGs has arrived, and while it may have started with a few titles that were hit or miss, Pillars of Eternity throws the gate wide open with a bang. Having played this, I'm very excited for the genre's future."
,Recommended,291650,15218147,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,[TWB]Elgonidas,"I went to The Salty Mast, found myself a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and got a stat buff.11/10"
76561197975052840,Recommended,291650,15212133,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,twistedcivic,"E P I C... I loved the BG Enhanced Editions, but POE is a beast all it's own. Be warned, this is one of those games you will thing about 24/7. The story is rich, the game is beatiful, and it is a true RPG. Thanks for making this game!"
76561198003294483,Recommended,291650,15221678,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Zifier,Never played a CRPG. Pillars of Eternity popped my cherry and its one I will remember forever. 10/10 would let pop cherry again.
76561198041004746,Recommended,291650,15222516,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Witness41920,"Pillars of Eternity is a great game in its own right. Many would like to compare it to Baldur's Gate or Baldur's Gate II, but if you wish an honest assessment then just accept that Pillars of Eternity is its own game, complete with its own stories, world, characters and immersion.The classes are vibrant and progression is smooth and enjoyable. If I had a negative thing to say about the game it would be that it isn't multiplayer. Heh."
76561198097315094,Recommended,291650,17744329,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Kerveros,"I didn't play Bauldur's Gate (yet). So, reviewing without any bias, I can say it is a great game for RPG fans. I played D&D (pencil and paper) since I was 12, so for me is almost a dream come true (because the game does not follow D&D rules, of course). Nonetheless, incredible game, with great story and mechanics. If you ever wanted to try what true RPG is, well, this game is perfect for it. Buy it, and don't give up until playing at least 6h. You will be addicted then (and yes, it is supposed to be difficult, but you can choose 'easy' from the level options =D).Also, I can't wait for Sword Coast Legends! Bet it will be just as great, and with the D&D rules I'm used to!"
76561198031282828,Recommended,291650,15395615,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,I Smell Like Beef,The best game ever. No question. Except for maybe Crash Bandicoot. That one was pretty fun. But this is good too.
76561197966093580,Recommended,291650,33523931,Posted: 13 July,all,ArchAngelPaladin,"The one thing that i enjoy the most above all else when it comes to good story telling is good world building. And this game has that in spades.  There is alot of history and lore to explore and it all comes together to make what fills like a fully realized universe.  In addition this game puts you in a lot of ambiguous ethical situations and the choices you make to resolve them aren't necessarily righteous or evil and you'll find your self asking if you are truly taking the right course of action.  The game also raises some very interesting existential questions.The game does have some balancing issues though.  On one hard, the early game is way too hard with you constantly being one-shot-shot(which i find highly exacerbating because a tactical combat game should be about deliberate actions and their consequences rather than oh♥♥♥♥♥♥that mage's lvl 100 fireball just wtfomgpowned my level 1 party) but on the flip side once your level up some the game gets way too easy with you being the one shoter which i find to be boring.And while the hand crafted art work is nice the devs didn't put in any type of transparency so if your fight happens to have you fighting behind a tree or a wall or a hudge as dragon happens to be in your way well then you'll have no idea what's going on and who's attacking who..."
76561198192479306,Recommended,291650,24283373,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,chipsnsalsalover,"Honestly, this is THE best RTS game I have ever played of ANY genre. It doesn't feel like the characters are just randomly hitting enemies at uncertain rates; it actually feels like dungeons and dragons-type strategic fighting without suffering the boredom of waiting for turns to end. The story is amazing too. However, don't get this game on Steam unless it is $20 or less; it costs that much if you buy it from Amazon or something online! ;)"
,Recommended,291650,21330349,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,sticky,This game was really awesome until I realized that every fight is pretty much blocking off a choke point with your tank and blasting ranged spells.
,Recommended,291650,33390893,Posted: 8 July,all,Metaphysical Fart Cloud,"I am ashamed I didn't play this sooner. Obsidian never disappoints.This game defied my expectations in one major way: It is heavy on setting, as opposed to story. That is to say most of the entertainment value comes from engaging with the world, rather than the plot.Depending on what you're looking for in your RPG, this may be an important distinction to make."
76561197971225162,Recommended,291650,15662496,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,orthofrancis,It's retro fun fun
76561198007185622,Recommended,291650,15119616,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,connelld1965,"The last RPG that gripped me like this was Baldurs gate series.  I keep trying different character combinations just for fun to find a mix that I want to take to the end,  Love it!"
76561198030718797,Recommended,291650,15119525,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,bah,"If you are a fan of CRPG's from the 90s into early 00's, then you will likely enjoy this game.  I have not had this much fun playing a CRPG since Planescape: Torment.The game feels like a classic Infinity Engine game (Baldurs Gate, Planescape Torment, Icewind Dale), but revised with modern graphic capabilities.   Some of the best gameplay improvements are:* Half Speed Movement* Double Speed Movement* Inventory Stash to remove inventory management mini-game (easy access can be disabled for the truely hardcore)* Removal of need to monster grind for levels by eliminating XP from monsters after a certain amount of kills of that monster type.  The XP focus is now on initial kills of a monster type and Quest experience.Here are some other gameplay change that you may or may not like. I find that they streamline the game over D&D type rulesets:* Trap Detection / Trap disarmement / Picklocking all covered by same skill: mechanics* Mechanics is a skill that any class can learn, so it is no longer mandatory to have a rogue in order to cover the above thief like actions.* Some spells/skills can be used a certain number of times per combat* mage/priests can cast a certain number of spells of each level per 'rest'; mages can only select 4 spells per level* AoE spells have 2 ranges, an inner range that can target both friend and foe, and an outer range that only can target foes.  In addition some AoE spells are listed as foe-only and can not harm friendly characters.  Stats can increase the radius of an AoE spell.I highly recommend this game for anyone who was a fan of the RPG classics from the 90s and early 00's."
,Recommended,291650,31070578,Posted: 10 April,all,TiMMaHnaTor,"Well...Oh man. I'm a huge fan of top down RPGs, and the Baldur's Gate series let me run wild with that and manage a party of 6 built badasses. This product, this game here is no different and it draws on all the great things from it's predecessors while simultaneously remaining new and vibrant. unlike it's cousins it is not multiplayer, so you'll likely be campaigning solo and is probably it's biggest drawback for me.Graphically it's amazing, and VOs and ambience is fantastic. As someone who did play them a lot, it's nice to see one made with some real graphical cheese. It's so pretty, and I love the little bits of continuity, like weapon sets being shown on your character when a different one is in use.The pause break form of combat is great here, swapping between all the pieces at your disposal and assigning combat actions, with the introduction of some scripts that actually help in managing all your casters somewhat (still prefer casting things myself though).I waited for months to buy it, missed its most recent sale, and I do not regret a single thing.10/10 easily"
76561198068737197,Recommended,291650,17628273,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Rumpel 4 Skin,must play for old school fans of crpgs like icewind and BG
76561198020479751,Recommended,291650,15094240,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,DUNYANINPATRONU,"Only RPG where you can name your character ""( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)""( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)/10"
,Recommended,291650,24042768,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Sneeky,Like playing DnD except my whole party is voiced by Matt Mercer. 10/10
76561198039548285,Recommended,291650,28380924,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Allie,Eder mai husbando :)
,Recommended,291650,15318588,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,terath,True successor to BG2.
76561198048132140,Recommended,291650,25366375,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Philosophy,Tasty!
,Recommended,291650,16571523,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Kiroven,"Totally worth it, a fair successor of the Baldur's Gate saga. I have finished Pillars of Eternity and the overall value for me is 9 out of 10. I hope they will continue the good work and create a great expansion."
76561198026442543,Recommended,291650,15468591,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Pazzoa,Basically Baldurs Gate III - Which is a good thing. Possibly the best Isometric RPG game comming out since the 90's.Worth every damn penny!
,Recommended,291650,15186065,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Rekkakalevi,"As I used to play a lot of Baldurs Gates and Icewind Dale 'back in the days' I can't help but compare this game to them. They feel the same, they look the same and sound the same.Pillars of Eternity looks a bit nicer but nothing spectacular in the graphical front. The areas look nice and animations are smooth.Story driven and there is a lot of reading to do if you want to keep up with it all along with the side quests and tasks you are given.Combat system is as close to D&D without actually being D&D. Some of the spell names give me a sensible chuckle especially seeing all those familiar effects from BG and such.Spell system is a bit different from what you're used to if you know how it used to work and there are few 'new' classes compared to the old D&D games along with few stats and attributes that work differently.Runs smoothl, load times are decent and I haven't encountered any bugs yet besides the characters occasionally stopping from attacking when enemies do certain things like teleport. Minor annoyance.Some things are slightly dumbed down if you're an old BG player. Or made more convenient, depends on how you look at it. Sneaking around automatically detects for traps too and you don't have to detect from them separately for example.The game can and will still instakill you like it's predecessors if you're not careful. And it's a good thing innit."
76561198004435234,Recommended,291650,15472829,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Grapedrankisha,"AMAZING SO FAR!  If you love BG,BG2, icewind dale and so on this is the game for  you.  BG2 is my fav game, but ths might just over take that #1 spot!"
76561197971439488,Recommended,291650,24106826,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,DaveDash,The best RPG since Baldurs Gate 2.
76561198245641868,Recommended,291650,30029948,Posted: 19 February,all,krilar,Good old days RPG
76561198082293070,Recommended,291650,30356497,Posted: 6 March,all,marshall.richards,"Amazing!  A++  One of the best games I've ever played!I've been a huge fan of AD&D infinity engine type games like Baldur's gate and Icewind Dale since the first came out in the 1990s. I've played through every one that I could get my hands on and for about a decade now, I have been waiting on someone to release a game that continued the legecy, then I found Pillars of Eternity.The system is not a copy of the infinity engine.  It is quite different, but only in ways that either seem to make the game more convenient for the player. I could sit here all day and tell you how great this game is, but if you liked Baldur's Gate or Icewind Dale, just play this game.  It's as close as you're going to get to Baldur's Gate 3.The only negative mark I would give this game is for charachter creation. It's pretty good, but you don't get as many options as in some other AD&D type games. No multiple sub-classes for rogues, druids, or mages. However, your charachters are very customizable as you level, and the game makes up for this in many other ways."
,Recommended,291650,16211918,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Underwhelmed,"It took nearly 15 years to finally get a proper follow-up to Baldur's Gate 2, but here it is.Having said that, times have-a-changed since the glory days of the infinity engine. While there are a number of quality of life changes in the game system, it still has one foot planted firmly in the past. This will probably rub some people the wrong way, (Vancian spell casting seems to invite a lot of ire for example) but POE's reverence for all things old will delight just as many people."
,Recommended,291650,29897633,Posted: 13 February,all,gravelover333,Definitely recommend this game.
76561198040669155,Recommended,291650,17250103,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Helluvee,"Overall 7/10Pillars of Eternity is a GOOD isometric RPG. Which means it's neither mediocre or excellent, it's simply good.It's good because it does some things very well, other poorly, some ok, most of them above average.PROS:+ It's a nice take on the most classic (Baldur's Gate and all) of RPGs, and is very respectful of the genre.+ There's humor in it, but not to the point it becomes a parody.+ Class variety and character customization are up there with the best.+ The main storyline is good enough (nothing great, but solid).+ One completist playthrough takes about 50-70 hours, so there's good value for money.+ Side quests are not boring and some truly interesting.+ Some of the hand drawn backgrounds are quite nice indeed.+ The soundtrack is dynamic and hardly ever inappropriate.+ Voice acting is excellent but....(see below)CONS- As of July 2015 there is absolutely no companions AI, which means you have to baby sit each of them. Considering it's not turn based either, combat is a mess.- Pathfinding needs to be improved.- ...voiceacting is also too sparse, as if they ran out of money / time.- It's text-heavy, which is not a bad thing per se, but most of the text (and, trust me, there's a lot it) is irrelevant.- There's plenty of loot, even too much of it, but that magic sword or bow you've craved so much is only slightly better than a decent weapon you can purchase at your favorite local store. Towards the end of the game you'll end up having plenty of ""unique"" equipment, but all very similar in terms of serviceability."
,Recommended,291650,33941409,Posted: 31 July,all,Devlin,"Game is super amazing! if youre not into top down iso dungeon crawlers, this isnt for you, but if you liked baldurs gate, or just want an awesome fantasy story with cool gameplay mechanics, this is a must buy. Great!"
76561198019592844,Recommended,291650,33775970,Posted: 24 July,all,Nickamus,Any fan of old school RPGs should play Pillars of Eternity. It has all the elements of classics like Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale in a modern engine that works beautifully.
,Recommended,291650,32909632,Posted: 27 June,all,Foxhole monster,This game is fantastic! The story is engaging and side quests actually feel like they blend into the story and world instead of just being filler.
76561198035245553,Recommended,291650,32863201,Posted: 27 June,all,ThatOneTemplar,The game is a good value for the content that's in it and it's very enjoyable.
76561197989274483,Recommended,291650,15134789,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,PseudoCaine,"First thing I can say, for those of us that played Baldur’s Gate and Torment and Icewind back in the day: this is a true successor.It is not perfect, companions are interesting, but dull to interact with, and they don’t seem to have the depth of banter that you got out of BG2, for example. The story is wonderful for the first 2/3rds building up interest, questions and intrigue.... then in the final 1/3rd it... just seems to stop caring and become a fairly dull romp, at least compared to the first 2/3rds. Such a wide breadth of interesting topics for the story to go down and they just ignored them... almost like they ran out of time and had to finish the end quickly :(. Also was disappointed that I was given a Stronghold and never had to really defend it against a BBEG (I thought this was the purpose of a stronghold in an RPG? :P ).But these are small issues, and this is a great game.Pros:+Pretty. Not gorgeous, or stunning, but the graphics work, they’re pretty and do exactly what is needed.+ Interesting companions+ Lovely assortment of side quests+ Great story up to the riot, downhill from thereCons:- Dull interactions with companions- Endgame is disappointing (compared against what it could have so easily have been with a little more effort)- I needed that weekend for work :(- Still a tad buggy. Nothing game breaking, no crashes, just a few odds and ends, I’m sure this’ll be fixed within the week.9/10. Maybe 9.5/10 if mods really take off.(Or to put it another way: Puched a guy and he exploded: 10/10, would punch again)"
76561198007061412,Recommended,291650,15068928,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Tilnak,"After waiting years for a Sequal to Balders gate, even if just in Spirit the wait is finaly over."
76561198012221863,Recommended,291650,15506859,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Sparkbomber,"Pillars of Eternity is a game that many have spoken about already, but it does deserve the attention. If you have ever played the Baldurs Gate and Icewind Dale series of videogames set in the Forgotten Realms setting, or Planescape: Torment in the Planescape Setting then playing Pillars of Eternity is like coming home after a long journey.To be sure, there are differences such as 3D character models , a different setting and so on. Yet the game has the same timeless quality about it. One of the things the older games lacked was a real impact made by the background/ biography of the character you create, not so here. If you are of a particular faith or hail from a certain region then you can access dialogue and object interaction that can have a variety of effects on the game. And there are other factors as well beyond those two.Obsidian proved last year that they can make a blockbuster of a game with South Park: The Stick of Truth and Pillars of Eternity is no less spectacular. Unless you abhor games where choices have consequences and loathe a good storyline this is THE GAME to get. There are a few minor issues of course, but those were present in earlier AD&D games as well.Pro's:-Deep storyline, with choices effecting real consequences=Beautiful environments-Unique and deep characters-Fitting, lovingly composed music-The ability to 'recruit' more customly made characters-Non-violent solutions possible-Lots of text to read-PetsCons:-Some quests lack alternative resolutions-More party members with dialogue would have been nice, essentially now you need to reserve a slot for a utility member or two.-Custom party members have no dialogue, quests or whatever.-No miniature giant spacehamster pets-Nothing to do with backer made npc's but read a really short bit of story.-Idem dito for the tombstones with backers on them.-Some content feels cut shortIn conclusion, the game is a wonderful experience despite its flaws. One would shudder to think the possibilities if Minsc and Boo had been implemented though. It is my hope that a sequal or game in the same vein will be made."
,Recommended,291650,22995939,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Artem,One of the best role-playing games.Highly recommended to D&D fans.10/10
,Recommended,291650,27977937,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,kattaris,One of the best RPG's
,Recommended,291650,25461258,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,OverratedSanity,"Took me a while to properly get into since I hadn't played a proper traditional CRPG for almost a decade. But once it grabbed me, it became one of my favourite recent RPGs.Pros:- The combat system, once you get into it, is unbelievably addictive.- Huge amount of variety in skills, perks, spells, etc.- The aesthetic is beautiful. It's not the most advanced game or anything, but some of the handdrawn backgrounds are gorgeous- The sheer amount of content is pretty amazing. I've put a good 70 hours into it and I'm nowhere close to finished- The difficulty, although it has a couple of strange spikes is pretty well tuned. It remains challenging for the most part.Cons:- For people new to the genre, or getting back into it after a while, like me, it's almost impenetrable early on. In my opinion, the game does a poor job of explaining several mechanics. Stealth, for example is barely touhed upon, despite it being extremely useful, and on higher difficulties, absolutely vital. Crafting isn't explained at all too.- The load times are infuriatingly long and far too frequent. A loading screen every time you enter and leave a building? Jesus.- Party AI and pathfinding is really poor. This becomes a huge issue in some of the cramped spaces the game throws at you, and with a party of 6+ NPCs, they constantly get stuck behind doors and in narrow corridors.- Disappointing lack of variety in loot.- The main plot is pretty weakOverall: Flawed, yes, but it's a real gem. Highly recommended for anyone who loved Baldur's Gate/Planescape Torment/Icewind Dale"
76561197965493083,Recommended,291650,15096612,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Thormodor,"Its been a Long time since i had a game like this, I use to play alot of BG and Icewind Dale while this is not to same system the feel of the game is just right. If you Like those type of game your are Likely to Love this one"
,Recommended,291650,15096799,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,estetica,This game directly sent me back to good old days.10/10 for living those days all over again.
,Recommended,291650,15083503,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Pepyri,"This is an addictive dream of a real roleplaying game.Long story short, this is a surprisingly accessible CRPG for people who enjoy amazing writing, quality strategic gameplay, fantastic worldbuilding and the personal control of real roleplaying(as in, really thinking as your character would).I was not a backer. I barely knew a thing about the game a week before it came out. But I adore this game, it just got everything that it needed to, right, and went so much further than expected."
,Recommended,291650,16468983,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,SlyLoki,Brillient delve back into Baulder's Gate storytelling and gameplay.
,Recommended,291650,22964244,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Darmok,"Did you play Baldur's Gate, or Icewind Dale?  If so, you will love this game.  Beautiful, great story, characters, acting, graphics.  Basically the real successor to the Baldur's Gate series.  Really well-done.  10/10."
,Recommended,291650,21272671,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,SunDeYz,2016--->RPG--->what are you waiting for
,Recommended,291650,21279008,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Gluexkeks,This is bae.
76561198025375881,Recommended,291650,15096181,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,barisakbay,"It's excellent. I have played all Infinity Engine games, SSI goldbox series, Torment and many more RPGs and I am positively sure that this one will stand out as a timeless classic after receiving some post-release patch care and a solid expansion."
76561198007919138,Recommended,291650,15096175,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Stanley,"Baldurs Gate, Neverwinter Nights, Forgotten Realms.Keep up the good work Obsidian and thanks.Gather your party and Venture forth...VV"
76561198128288137,Recommended,291650,15246383,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,wilowick,"Awesom, more fun then Balder's Gate. Can't wait for exspansion. Just love it."
,Recommended,291650,15105882,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Sulrn,"As of release day build:+Game plays how I wanted BG:EE to play+Has a wonderful grounding for future content/mods+Very morally grey situations - world is not black and white-It's an Obsidian game: ie. It has bugs (some game breaking)-In combat melee-pathfinding has issues and requires oversight-Quest/Faction locking before you know what you're agreeing to(caveat) not being able to play turncoat what-so-ever in obviously profitable/beneficial situationsOverall it's a fun tactical RPG that meets it's claims and has quite a bit of potential. I would recommend for anyone who enjoyed Baldurs Gate, Icewind Dale, Neverwinter Nights, Dragon Age: Orgins, or Divinity: Original Sin."
76561198009506875,Not Recommended,291650,16032278,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Roscoetoo,"This game is all hype.  The magic system is useless.  The experience system is useless.   You have to party with their npc's  (whom are useless) to get the full experience of quests.  The combat is chaotic and there is no turn-base or party A.I.Re-visit the original Baldur's series for a more satisfying game.  I expected a better product from these companies.   Wait til it is in the $10 bin or on sale at least.  Just make Baldur's Gate 3 already for cryin' out loud.  Sheesh.Oh and please stop comparing this game to BG, Icewind, or Planescape series.  It only looks like those games.  The mechanics and rules are completely different.  It is nowhere near in quality as those games."
76561197971562414,Recommended,291650,15236844,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Korsobar,"Despite some initial bugs, this is a real gem of a game that brings back memories of great games like Neverwinter Nights 2.  I vastly prefer this to Divinity: Original Sin. Why?  In this game the party size can be up to six members (plus pets) and the character class system is more diverse and complex.Six characters are needed for this game because they implemented a system whereby party formation and positioning (and micromanagement) are absolutely necessary.  Well armored characters form a front-line that locks up enemy melee from getting to your squishy casters and ranged fighters.Even so, casters and others are not necessarily forced to be squishy.  Nothing stops you from throwing heavy armor on your mage and having them cast cone or beam attacks from the fore.  They will suffer mainly from a penalty to speed, low hp and a lack of defensive specializations, but it is quite doable.In addition, the stat system breaks the long-standing D+D paradigm and makes every stat useful for every character type instead of cookie cutter builds that focus on 2-3 useful stats.  For instance, Might affects healing and damage, both physical and magical.Highly recommended as the best fix for old-school RPG nostalgia.  I sincerely hope that Obsidian uses this engine to make many more games."
,Recommended,291650,15185864,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,EGOR LETOV,"One of the best RPGs in the past years, a very elegant and modern take on the old classics"
,Recommended,291650,21170777,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Chris O Semrik,"The only negative thing I have to say about this game is that the relationships are sort of flat and don't evolve. And I'm not talking about romantic relationships, I mean simple human interactions between the main character and their companions. Other than that, I have absolutely NOTHING negative to say about this game. It feels like playing Baldur's Gate and Planescape: Torment all over again, except all fancied up."
76561198184494515,Recommended,291650,32574331,Posted: 19 June,all,Zerkstorm,"The ammount and diversity of choices, so refreshing compared to the ""red,blue, either way you agree"" type stuff that seems to dominate the market. Complex shades of grey, no ""right"" or ""wrong"" answers. Depth of thought, every perspective valid, and challenged. All choices having benefits and consequences. I'm more than pleased that i bought and played this game. Takes me back to a time before the mass effects and witchers et cetera. A time when depth of ideas and thought and possibilities were more important than politcal correctness, titillation, and fleeting instant gratification."
,Recommended,291650,32980137,Posted: 29 June,all,Powerofmonkey,"As a fan of a lot of the classic Black Isle D&D games, I am really digging this."
76561197987055299,Recommended,291650,34006605,Posted: 3 August,all,Lain's Navi,"I was fairly impressed by this little gem. I liked the aesthetic, and the developers obviously put quite a bit of effort in developing this fantasy world. As befits any fantasy RPG, the lore of the world you explore is disproportionately enormous in breadth when compared to the main plot itself. The dialogue is also exceptionally well-written. There were segments of dialogue that sent chills up my spine, got me revved up for a fight, made me angry, or just plain made me burst out laughing. Your stats also have an enormous effect on things like dialogue options and actions your player is able to take during certain events, so there's a very old-school D&D feel to the whole undertaking. There's a sizeable amount of quests, side-quests, and the replayability is enormous. I'll also say that the companions are moderately complex and very likeable.Now that I'm done fawning over my favorite aspects of this game, let me get to the elephant in the room: THE MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING COMBAT MECHANICS. DEAR. MOTHER. OF GOD. The complexity of the combat isn't what frustrates me, although it is fairly complex. Therer's really no excuse for the AI to be as dumb as it is during combat. During combat, unless a character is being attacked or ordered to do something, they will stand there and stare into space like♥♥♥♥♥♥chucking apes. The level of micro-managing it takes to get through otherwise mundane encounters is infuriating. Also, these companions have the navigational skills of a blind 2nd Lt. The pathfinding of the AI ensures that, on several occasions, your party members will not engage certain enemies because they just can't seem to figure out how to go around an object to actually fight them.Okay, rant complete. If you're a fan of classic RPG's, or really just fantasy RPG's in general, I would recommend this game. I haven't finished it as of the writing of this review, but I've thoroughly enjoyed the ride so far. I give it 8 exploding saints out of 10."
76561198140588788,Recommended,291650,15143203,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Jo3Dang3r,This game is bringing me back to a time long ago... Loving it. Worth every penny.
76561197970569433,Recommended,291650,15144308,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Rattenfurz!,"Finally!! A quality RPG again!+lovely graphics+well written dialogues, a lot to read!+lots to explore+atmosphereThe negative aspects are so minor that they are not worth to be mentioned...Buy and enjoy!"
76561198046109146,Recommended,291650,33568184,Posted: 15 July,all,DrBadvibes,"Just noticed the most recent mixed reviews, this is probably because paradox raised prices before summersale. They apologized and did a rollback because of it. That is good enough for me. This game really deserves a higher rating, it's the best crpg out there with an incredible story. As for my humble opinion, i think this game is perfect and will be my favorite game until Pillars 2 is released. My dwarven berserker (with an epic mohawk and very big hammer!) just got his♥♥♥♥♥handed to him by the adra dragon, cheeky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ always gives me problems and you just got to love that. :)"
76561198033308586,Not Recommended,291650,28264424,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,merciless_night,I hate spellcasting in this game you never have time to do anything the enemy move so fast they are on you in 1 or 2 second... you CANNOT cast a spell in time even less aim it because it all skill shot (and your spell can take 1 and more second to cast) and there is friendly fire. I love spellcasting but they ♥♥♥♥ it up bad for me in this game so i just stop playing even if the story and character look great
76561198011263543,Recommended,291650,21390637,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,SurgeOfDestiny \[T]/,"Pillars of Eternity, A return to the great infinity Engine. While the game pays great respect to its Predecessors (baldur's gate, Icewind Dale, neverwinter nights and the great planescape torment. ) What pillary of eternity does best is create its own stories and world. The combat is fantastic and very addicting while the majority of the characters are extremely interesting.For fans of the CRPG genre and people who like to read. Or even those who have never played a crpg of this calibur before. I HIGHLY recommend Pillars Of Eternity."
76561197998213726,Recommended,291650,15147238,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Troop,Grate game! As old BG&IWD series.
76561198028054676,Recommended,291650,30383524,Posted: 7 March,all,-__-,Baldur's Gate 3. Need I say more
76561198080292261,Not Recommended,291650,17244163,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Gramps McBoom,"I only rarely write reviews, but I was so sorely disappointed by Pillars of Eternity, that I was compelled warn others. After the many great reviews for this game, including a GameInformer Gold for Game of the Month, I was expecting something special. This game is dull as dull can be.  I was bored out of my mind after only a few hours, and now cannot bear to look at this highly uninteresting game.  Any comparisons to Baldur's Gate are completely off base! There is nothing epic about Pillars of Eternity, and certainly no story or unique perspective worth all the effort of slogging from one spot to another in this utterly lifeless ""world"". Sorry to the developers, I know you spent some time making this thing, but as something that cost me money, I feel completely disappointed."
76561198028350033,Not Recommended,291650,17264588,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,ChronoX,"i grew up playing games like baldur's gate, icewind dale, neverwinter nights, etc and loved all of them. pillars of eternity really did a fantastic job playing to the nostalgia of consumers like us. poe was marketed as a modernized equivalent of those titles but in the end it really fell short. i really wish steam would change their rating system to stars/points instead of a simple thumbs up/down. i would give this 2 or 3 out of 5. but because of the way it was hyped and marketed, i'll have to give it a thumbs down. you can read all the glowing reviews before me, so i'll just focus on why i just couldn't bring myself to finish the game despite being nearly at the end. i really recommend that you play divinity original sin instead.character progression is very bland in poe. i remember agonizing over which skills to take in baldur/nwn because there are so many fantastic ones to choose from. in poe, a vast majority of skills are pretty useless and most builds will be forced into very similar paths. some levels you will be stuck with only 1-2 garbage skills to choose from. some classes and weapons are so overwhelmingly more powerful than others that you feel gimped not to use them. enemies hit so hard that you end up dumping stats like constitution. dual-wielding or two-handers are very tough to pull off without micromanagement. even if try to use different classes and builds, in the end most of your party will be in the mid/back rows shooting guns with the same exact talents. while your nearly zero dps tanks try desperately to hold the line.magic is really what really makes rpgs well... magical. there's nothing more satisfying than nuking your enemies with massive aoe spells. in poe, spell damage is pathetic. your casters, regardless of class, will be doing crowd-control and shooting guns for damage. all this together really made combat a dreadful chore. every battle began with the same formation, same tactic, same opening crowd-control spells, etc.on top of all that i found the story uninspiring and the recruitable npcs were painfully dull. also, their stats are terrible. in fact, you might as well just hire 5 random characters that you can build from scratch."
,Not Recommended,291650,29280981,Posted: 15 January,all,Rowr,"Not as much like baldurs gate as everyone here seems to think.It's fine in it's own way, though for my tastes a lot of the design around the combat, items and levelling just doesn't gel for me.I keep meaning to come back to it and push through to see if I can get it to open up for me, but it hasn't worked out so far. I could be back one day to give this a favourable review but as it stands it hasn't met expectations. (Maybe because every fool here tried to tell me it was like baldurs gate...)"
,Recommended,291650,25335438,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Verdell,I've been eyeing this game for awhile now. Finally purchased it and I am now in love with it. Recommended for anyone who loves isometric RPG's.
,Recommended,291650,15214030,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Paul,"Hello, finally finished this game on the hardest difficulty settings and wanted to post my thoughts, I'll try to cover up spoilers as best I can.I've put a lot of hours into this game, on various different playthroughs each with a different method of playing, those being Companion playthrough / solo playthrough / minimalist playthrough.**DISCLAIMER** To start of ill point out that my experience with this genre is limited to this game alone and it may be that you are reading this knowing more about how these games work than I.To kick off right from pressing play this game immediately grabs grabbed my interest by dropping me into an event that was covered in mystery, straight it made me want to dive into it no boring introductions to plot smack bang right in the middle of something.Following this little introduction I was given the hero creation screen, to a depth I didn't expect.The game offers you 6 races, each with a number of secondary ""habitat"" options (these add to bonus stats for min/maxers)following that there are 11 classes all that can be built in their own way, then lastly the creation is finished with some personalisation/previous job roles that adds a few extra stats and gives you a starting armor / weapon set.At no point in the lower difficulties have I felt a need to build my character or her companions strictly in a single linier direction, though in the higher difficulties you may find that the opposite be true.**COMBAT**following this and the opening story portion I very quickly found that this games combat was going to slow my progress down a bit, immediately following the easy monsters in the ""training"" portion of the game. I died. Needed to restart everything all over again (hardest difficulty) You CANNOT rush this game's combat.that being said the combat in this game never got boring, each pack of monsters offered a different challange and seperate strategy with the number of different resistance types making it so that there wasn't an all rounded effective method of nuking monsters as I also quickly found out. I died again, wondering why my cool fire spell wasn't killing anything.and take note, on the higher difficulties the game produces more mobs and higher tier creatures in packs at a higher density as on the lower difficulties.**THE PRESENTATION & STORY**throughout my 80 hours of playtime, this games art never once felt to much. The colours were very well blended, with great still painted background artwork and the 3D npc / character models fitted superbly on them. movement was very smooth, soundtrack and foley was great, spell effects were pretty and not to over the top they even included incantations which I personally thought was rather neat. so all that gets a big thumbs up from me!The story and it's delivery was interesting and well paced all the way through, mainquest was entirely voice acted, side quests had great mini stories and some were branched of the main quest. there's public tasks you can do, super crazy hard bounties for the try hards that want a rediculously hard challange and a few more progression aspects in your stronghold.so theres plenty of stuff too keep you busy in the world of Eora!In addition to all the above mentioned the game also offers a lot of very small packets of information and secrets, adding to the story telling that you gain through the abilities you gain throughout the game being that each of the attributes have both combat and social implications.Each playthrough is a different adventure, tailored exactly how you want it to be with the world reacting around you in accordance to your actions the fate of Eora is in your hands!This game gets a 9/10 from me!This is my first review, off a game I have very much enjoyed thoroughly!I hope this review helps you dicide to make this purchase, it's likely i've missed points however. Leave a comment and i'll get back too you if so! :DEnjoy!"
,Recommended,291650,15193858,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,SurgicalGlitch,"When I was 14 I played Baldur's Gate 2 for the first time. It was the most amazing thing I had ever played because the story and world where so believable. It was like jumping into a book, or playing a chose your own adventure only in a PC game. Well, today.......I have been waiting years for Pillars of Eternity. There have been other games close it BG/BG2. But Pillars of Eternity was ""IT"". It was going to be ""The One""....And boy has it delivered!I am not going to write a full review because I need to actually do work today, then play more Pillars of Eternity when I am not doing work. But here it is. When your in a cutsceen, it acts like a chose your own adventure book and you controle the outcome of the story, every single part of the game you feel like you are part of and that you can take part in. The combat is refined and.....well...since the kickstarter lunch back in 2012, they have just made what I think is one of the best RPG's of all time!Thank you Obsidian Entertainment!  For bringing back the best of classic RPG's, and making them better!"
76561198004186208,Recommended,291650,15438378,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Trust Yourself,"Wonderful RPG! I highly reccomend it. If you like Dungeons and Dragons, then you will love Pillars of Eternity. I found myself getting locked into the lore and the action of the game. VERY FUN!And it is made by the same company that did Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic 2"
,Recommended,291650,15266719,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Opal,"Even those not familiar or experienced with the genre, like me, can enjoy this. It's really good. I especially appreciate the reasonable difficulty curve starting out (playing on normal mode). I've tried similar games in the past and was frustrated by unintuitive UI, unexplained stats, confusing combat mechanics, and high difficulty. This game fixes all of those for me. Aparently a lot of other people also like it."
,Recommended,291650,29774599,Posted: 7 February,all,Azuery,"PILLARS OF ETERNITY REVIEWAt 2012, Obsidian Entertainment launched a Kickstarter project named Project Eternity. Their goals was to make a traditional RPG game which would become the spiritual successor ofBaldur’s GateandIcewind Dale, and their intention got sympathies and was later crowdfunded by over 77,000 backers. Their initial pledges of 1 million dollar was easily surpassed to the amount of 4 million dollars, and in 2015, the game“Pillars of Eternity”was finally released.As I said above, Pillars of Eternity (will be written as “Pillars” from now on) is a traditional RPG which tried to bring back nostalgic feels of other classical games, such as Baldur’s Gate and Icewind Dale. Pillars uses game engine Unity 5, and is presented on isometric viewpoint which was pretty much similar to other Infinity Engine games. You couldn’t be able to change their camera angle and perspectives.You could choose your character from 6 races available, they are Aumaua, Dwarves, Elves, Human, Godlike, and Orlans. You can also choose from 11 classes with each own unique skills and traits. But, your class doesn’t affect the kind of armor you could wear. It means that your wizard could use a heavy armor, but in cost of longer skill cooldown. Be wise for building your character to suit your own gameplay.Pillars uses party-based mechanic; you could find various companions along the way and you could add them as your party member later. Every companion has their own unique backstories, and will react for your main character’s decisions, in good or bay ways.Pillars is filled with various quests which can be finished, but the main quest is focused about a strange curse which called Hollowborn, where any newborn child in Drywood has no soul. On the other hand, your character was suddenly given a mysterious power; an ability to seek into other people’s souls. People called them a “Watcher”. The story later unfolds further and further, revealing what cause Hollowborn and the reason of your character had been chosen as a Watcher.Pillars has similar gameplay as any old-school RPGs, using real time tactical combat. You could pause the game anytime and then give orders to your specifics party member which will be applied when you resume the game. The effectiveness of giving orders, the formation of party, and using the right kind of attack will dictate the result of combat. As combat happen, you could inspect how the combat was resolved through “combat log”, which is a helpful to giving the idea about what kind of attack that is effective for the enemies, and what kind of defense that is effective to protect the party.There are two kind of vitality the characters have, they areenduranceandhealth.  Endurance is a “short-term vitality”, it tells you how much vitality they have for surviving an encounter. When the endurance reaches zero, the character would be knocked down and couldn’t move or taking action until the combat ends. Endurance will be restored to a certain amount after the encounter ends. But, the game will be over when all of party members are knocked down.On the other hand, health is a “long-term vitality”, it dictate how much vitality the characters have until they need a rest. Whenever the character receives damage, their health would be depleted as well. Once health reach zero, the characters would be knocked out and receive a Maimed status when the character revive at the end of combat. When the character was out of health during this Maimed status, they would die permanently. Unlike endurance, health couldn’t regenerate itself when it lost. The only means of regenerating health is by resting. Always look up for the health of your party to decide when the party needs a rest to restore their health or not.About the rest system, Pillars is given a huge change compared toBaldur’s Gate. InBaldur’s Gate, party could rest whenever and wherever the player wants. It could be exploited with the players by resting after every encounter so their party was always on full health. Meanwhile, in Pillars, you need an item called “Camping Supplies” so that party would be able to rest in the outside the settlement. The amount of camping supplies you could bring is limited and varied based on the game difficulty. On the other meaning, your party could rest either in your Stronghold (will be explained later) or in the inn available in various settlement with certain prices. It makes the party management is getting more complex than before.Drywood is a huge world with various places and dungeons to be explored, but it is also an unforgivable and dangerous world. Player could die easily when they meet an encounter without a proper preparation. The world in Pillars is majorly “deleveled”. You can’t beat every single enemy you meet with your current level, and the same goes for quests. If player have some difficulty to beat some enemies or finish the quest, it’s a wise move to retreat and come back later when player have better level and equipment. Save the game progress often, especially when you think you’re going to face some serious challenges.Pillars has big replayability value. The game could be finished with various ways and scenarios. Most quests will give you several ways of how the quest will be resolved. Every way has its own consequences. The world will react differently for whatever you do, some will like it and some wouldn’t. Pillars is a heaven for players who likely to play heavily on the role-playing aspect.Pillars has voice acting feature, but the game doesn’t use it fully. Voice acting will likely occur in certain interaction, such as main quests. The rest of game is heavily narrated by long text (although it isn’t as long and complex asPlanescape: Torment). Some people might hate this, but from my personal viewpoint, this kind of narration gives Obsidian chances to give us a reach, deep story. They were narrated brilliantly with full of details.One interesting point of this game is itsStrongholdsystem. As the main quest unfolds, you could get an abandoned keep called Caed Nua and using this place as base for your party. Caed Nua is upgradable and has various unique interactions and quests, such as bandit raid, adventurers and travelers who are looking for help, and bounty quests that offer certain rewards. You could finish them directly, ignoring them, or even asking for your companions who weren’t currently on your party to finish them.And right below Caed Nua, you could find a huge labyrinth called ""Endless Path of Od Nua"", a mega-dungeon consist of 15 levels. You could encounter many high-leveled enemies which will push your ability to the limit to defeat them. There are also some minor quests and one unique quest regarding Od Nua which could only be finished with highest levels of character and grant you the unique rewards.Finally, as the review was written, I already had a total 50 hour playtimes. So far, I had finished the Act I of main quests, finished all the quests I could found in Gilded Vale, the first settlement you could find in-game, and cleared the first 3 levels of Od Nua. One thing I cod say to this game: it’s an amazing experience. Obsidian succeeded to make a game with a deep, rich story, solid gameplay, and interactive world. It might sound cliche, but I haven’t found any major points that are lessening my enjoyment of playing this game. Pillars achieved its goal to bring out traditional RPG genre that everyone loves, especially from any experienced players, and reaches big enthusiasm from any newer players such as myself.VerdictSCORE: 9/10As a resurrection of older RPG genre, Obsidian succeeded to brings out a game with rich contents: a living, interactive world, a deep story, and solid gameplay."
,Recommended,291650,25297174,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,TheDungeonMaster5,"Simply Stellar. If you loved baldurs gate, the icewind dale series, or the original fallout series do yourself a favor and just buy this.You will not be dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,291650,24882186,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,TOP KUYASHII,"Long loading times and 'too deep' writing.Voice acting, visuals, character design is alright, and gameplay is fun and deep enough for an RPG.However, I felt the main story and plot was a bit forced. Not sure if all the hype was at fault for setting up my expectations for the writing. Also didn't care for the soul stories of the random NPCs.Never played BG1 or BG2 but have played and love to death FO1, FO2. Tried to love this, couldn't. If that's your cup of tea, go for it, otherwise, stay away."
76561198041649599,Recommended,291650,26083773,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Superduperlative,"This game is amazing, stupendous, brilliant, enchanting, magical, fun and awesome all at the same time.10/10Should be longer.  Preferably a 1000 hour main quest next time guys!<3"
76561197970799180,Recommended,291650,26403226,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Fluffy Bunny,Very awesome. I wish these people would remake Arcanum.
,Not Recommended,291650,17034329,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Obadiah the Slim,"I wanted to like it, I really did.  However so much padding and combat is pretty cumbersome. Voice acting is inconsistant.  Sometimes you get voiced lines and other times you have to read it. Make up your mind.  Either fully voice it or have me read it all."
,Not Recommended,291650,17753184,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Edelweiß,"This wasn't exactly the game I was hoping for from Obsidian Entertainment. I was expecting more.It's story is a save yourself story like the one in Mask of the Betrayer expansion of Neverwinter Nights 2. I might've been fine with it - if Obsidian hadn't already told this story once. The story also loses significance and meaning since you're doing it out of self-interest and the game becomes very meta with the game pretty much saying: ""Well you gotta save your own skin. Do you wanna play or not?"" This kinda storytelling is obviously transparent and generally very non-interesting from a writing standpoint or as a means to roleplay your character since you're locked into seeing the antagonist as an antagonist much unlike Saren from BioWare's Mass Effect 1. They put so much effort of putting ""backgrounds"" and ""dispositions"" in the game - but they really don't make much use out of these tools throughout the game.Mechanically the game *could have* been interesting if it wasn't for the fact that Obsidian has a weird way of understanding difficulty shift: Normally in both video and tabletop RPGs; the difficulty scales from being easy to being more and more difficult over time. However in Pillars of Eternity this happens instantly - so much so that unless you're a good mixmaxing RPG munchkin; you're probably going to be overwhelmed easily throughout the game. This is also becomes much more difficult because you can't rely on previous experience from the d20 system since this game uses the d100 system. This makes your understanding of good builds in previous iterations of this genre pretty much useless and makes the minmaxing experience worse as well unless you're willing to learn this custom d100 system.This way to balancing makes the game test you more as a player and your skills and less about your character and what skills it has. There is a reason why feats and magics in many tabletops are very powerful for example and that is because they're supposed to be meaningful in the context of the game. Generally a good RPG assumes that you limit yourself to enjoy roleplaying, of course this cannot be done all the time in video games and it might not even be suitable here - but balancing away from characters and more on top of minmaxing certainly shuts a large portion of players out from enjoying the game. Me included.So no I don't recommend this game. I think it's a poor attempt of Obsidian, especially since they're normally very good at making good writing at least. Guess people like me has to stick to traditional tabletop. :P"
,Recommended,291650,34780398,Posted: 6 September,all,Prince-Of_Darkness,"To enjoy this game you need a lot of patience, I mean it a lot .There is plenty of things to read here. Sometimes it's very confusing also.Gameplay is good enoughStory is so far okeyMusic is mehOverall a good RPG"
76561197964195997,Recommended,291650,34802840,Posted: 7 September,all,HrBanan,"Awesome spiritual successor to BG1, BG2. etc."
,Not Recommended,291650,24403680,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,wintermute6669,"Beware of save file destroyinng bugs, the latest patch 3.03 ruins games for people who do not have the expansions purchased. The game is bugged for several of the premade characters so if you recruit them the party management system breaks and you cannot rotate characters into or out of your party again and you permenantly lose character slots.I was having an okay time during the ~35 hours I played until now.I hear the game works fine for people with the expansions but I sure as ♥♥♥♥ am not going to give Obsidian $40 more of my money  to make the product I have purchased work as intended again."
,Not Recommended,291650,29183267,Posted: 11 January,all,OmniRadium,"Solid game. I began playing RPGs since the early Heroes of the Might and Magic days. I do look forward for some old-school-ish RPGs.Things I liked:+ Solid story line with vibrant background history of fan-sponsored NPCs. Really draws you in. Plenty of reading materials.+ Solid battle mechanics. Logical and reaonable counters for each creature/weapon type.+ OK Map desgin, great aesthetics.+ Plenty of side quests and tasks.Things I grew dislike the game as I progress through the main quest line. I spent over 50 hours and nearly finishing the main quest.- Attribute check during conversations. This limits the choices severely, especially during late-game. When your character cannot grow on their primary attributes, you will run in problems that your character cannot pass EVERY attribute check. Then what's the point of putting them there? Don't tell me I should have known this before I create my character. I started this fresh like a new book. Can this system be improved? Certainly, can the skills contribute to the growth of attributes?- Stat buff from artifacts/armors/jewels/etc... don't stack. Seriously? What is the rationale of this? And to add the confusion, some weapon buffs DO stack. Again Seriously? This is the first RPG I played have this kind of system, which really boggles my mind as why.- The loading screens. I understand maybe it's the limitation of the engine. But for some smaller maps, like entering/exiting a house, can we not have a loading screen? It shows up too much till a point that you feel sick of it.- The combat, although the mechanics/stat make it interesting for a while, the whole strategy doesn't change once you have a team that works, i.e. one or two tanks in the front and damager in the back thing.- The monsters will not respawn. And no experience from comabat. This removes a great deal of replayability because the game becomes quite linear. And making travelling a chore in the late game.I enjoyed immensely in the beginning. But the game grew more stale as it progresses and the fun gradually worn off due to the three minuses above. This is the kind of game that starts strong but finish feebly.Do I recommend this game? Maybe. Since finishing the story is what it counts for RPGs, I have to lean slightly to a NO."
76561197971726421,Recommended,291650,15097492,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,PrimeY,"First 24 hours of game play has past , and i am still going strong with alot of coffe and to little sleep.so if you like games like Baldurs gate 1 and 2 and miss that feeling that you had when you tired them for the first time.dont wast any time, buy this game right away and pause the real-life for a day or two"
,Recommended,291650,25329150,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Isher,"This game is an amazing return to classic isometric RPG games, except with a lot of the annoying issues that those games had fixed by more modern technology.  Looks beautiful, story is interesting and the setting is quite original.  Combat is entertaining and surprisingly fast paced for a game that can be paused, and classic fantasy enemies behave differently than you might think, if you are an experienced RPG player.  For example, an incorporeal undead creature surprised me by 1) not being immune to physical damage and 2) teleporting behind me the instant it saw me.10/10."
,Recommended,291650,29524331,Posted: 27 January,all,Ripley Riley,Brings the cRPGs like Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter Nights back to us. Love it. Obsidian did an excellent job with this one. Looking forward to PoE2: Deadfire.
,Recommended,291650,33061054,Posted: 30 June,all,CashPrizes,"Really Great RPG, it took me 4 or 5 hours to get into it but once I had I played it exclusively until I beat it. Story is great, sidequests are fun and challenging, I love the super dungeon underneath your Keep. Loot and abilities are dolled out at a great pace, always felt like I was getting a new spell or weapon to experiment with. Lots of different class combinations to balance your party with. Combat is fun and the world is awesome and really well crafted. Magic system is better than the Baldur's Gate games this title is emulating.My only problems with the game would be that stealth characters aren't a thing, like you can scout ahead stealthed but trying to ambush enemies in combat is too slow and leaves your assassin too exposed. Also I would argue the named party members with storylines aren't super interesting, better than recruiting deaf mute NPC's to fill your party with but these aren't like Bioware writer quality party members."
,Recommended,291650,15078933,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,dead idiot,I killed necromancer and stole her zombie cat 11/10
76561198008276226,Not Recommended,291650,26583187,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Doc Clarke,"TL;DNR?- Nicely presented- The depth of this game is the plot which didn't engage me.- The mechanics of play are very (very) simple and frustratingly lacking in the ability to do things you would do IRL if - confronted with the situations the game presents- You'll spend hours reading text off the screen.- Story ok in the telling - but cliched in the plotMy fault. I read a lot IRL so reading off a screen is never going to compete with a good book.So...After years of loving cRPG's PoE, which is a decent game, was the one that finally broke me.I had such a feeling of deja vu as I read the texts and listened to the dialogue. I guessed the plotline and most of the twists long before they were revealed. I felt constricted by the dialog choices that were often a choice between several options I would never consider taking and can't imagine anyone in their right mind would consider.Do you want to take;The terrible optionThe not so terrible optionThe barely adequate optionWhile never giving the often blindingly obvious best choice as an option. That and the story isn't really very good. It's ok, but aimed perhaps at teens and pretty cliched,Cliche? Well maybe. I suppose if you've not come across the tropes used in PoE dozens of times before, it might not be a cliche to you - to me it feels very tired and predictable but then I'm old and been playing RPG's since the original MUD in 1978PoE isn't the worst for this. It's just the one when I finally had enough.Since the times of my favourite cRPG's (BG1 and BG2) some games have come out with complex layered game mechanics and good AI that allow emergent gameplay and situations to occur.They rely on the players imagination as a story creator rather than what must actually be hundreds of thousands of pre-scripted words in a typical cRPG.I much prefer those. Games like Dwarf Fortress adverture mode, Aurora, Cataclysm DDA where my imagination creates the story and the where, if the complex layered game mechanics say an action is possible - it's always possible regardless of consequence.The gameplay itself is simple. There is little discovery in the game essp when compared to the ability to wander off in games as similar as the original Baldur's Gate and Baldur's Gate 2. There isn't much room to exercise your imagination as the game, while having choices, keeps you on rails tightly between these choices.Just because a rail line has junctions it doesn't stop being a rail line.That's what this is. A very text heavy rail journey with a sprinkling of a simple game on top.If you prefer your fiction of the cliched type and your book reading to be off a screen with the odd bit of ""choose your adventure"" and a sprinkiling of a simple game in there somewhere. Then PoE and these modern text heavy  cRPG's are for you.I never felt empathy for the character I played, or as if I really controlled ar influenced anything around me other than in the most superficial and temporary way.I'm probably in a minority of cRPG players in thatI prefer to actually create, build and explore in an RPG, and this game doesn't allow the player to do very much of that."
76561198048268849,Not Recommended,291650,24482055,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,makersley,Tactical combat gamers will love this.  Story gamers may well find the story too shallow.  I did.
76561197972977579,Recommended,291650,30341658,Posted: 5 March,all,Melisan,"Don't get your hopes up too high.This is a metered recommendation.I recommend this game:- If you enjoyed BG1, without BG2, where you got to reach the awesome level of... six- If you enjoy IWD, with it's dank colorless landscapes, and its inhospitable NPCs, and your silent companions.- If you want to relive the glory days of the Infinity Engine, and are sick and tired of watching Irenicus monologuing.- If you can't stand the ugly UI and 90s hairstyles of Planescape Torment.- If you got suckered into playing Torment: Tides of Numenera, and are coming back licking your wounds.- If you enjoy playing the entire campaign with your non magic, mass produced, +0 Longsword from start to finish.- If your sole purpose in your fantasy roleplay is to slay the mighty Kobold by the thousands.- If you think Shadowrun is Eurotrash.- If you hated Haer'dalis, but want to see a cool Bard in action.- If you like overachieving halflings like Mazzy Fentan.- If you like Fallout 2 / Dragon Age Inquisition Trespasser DLC, where your noble efforts and thoughtless choices end up in an epilogue of tragedy.It's a serviceable RPG. Better than any other CRPG coming out lately. Go for it if you like Old school.- The story is Meh. I forgot I finished once already until I was near the end of my second play through.- The writing is slightly pretentious. The wall of text coming up when you reach someone's soul is at first interesting, and then quickly becomes a garbage bin for your local community college creative writing class. I don't care if you can fit a lovely story within three paragraphs if it doesn't service the overall quest. Your words are articulate, I get that; now, go sit in your corner.- The graphics are pretty... and also dank.. and dark... and gloomy.But despite these harsh words.I did finish it twice."
76561198031157848,Not Recommended,291650,18087251,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Ziljan,"Character Classes:There is a massive imbalance between the powers of various classes.  If you like playing a spellcaster, then you will probably hate this game because of the bizarre and excessive limitations placed on their spell casting.  If you like playing an Archer, then you may be disappointed because you are stuck with a weak pet, and when that pet (quickly) dies, you will be stuck doing wimpy damage.  The melee classes are all pretty strong, and they added a strange new type of melee-spellcaster that trumps all of the magic users combined.   It's almost like the devs hated magic users, but begrudgingly allowed one halfway decent class that is ""magic but isn't magic"" for marketing purposes.   In any case, this is NOT a pick-whatever-class-you-want kind of game.  If you play at the highest difficulty levels, you pretty much are forced to play a fighter of some sort.Gamplay:What gameplay?   Most of what you do is auto-attack and waiting for the right moment to use one-shot special abilities.  If you want more excitment, go play bridge or bingo.   This game is all about cooldowns, restrictions, and auto attack.  Once you (very) quickly run out of spells, you will literally be hitting mobs with a book.  Yeah that is about as fun and effective as it sounds.  There is no real strategy involved,  Just smash things before they smash you, and try not to run out of camping gear and spells before the end of a dungeon.Story:The writing is a bit broody and melodramatic, and really a rehash of every fantasy concept ever written.  If it were a novel, I would be embarrased to have it in my collection.  It was not even compelling enough to make it to the middle, let alone the end.Dialog:This is actually the best part of the game.  Almost immersive.  Really if you like reading dialog, you might enjoy this game.   But you have to have a high tolerance for all the other snooze-inducing faults of the game.Conclusion:If you loved Balders Gate, but thought the combat didn't impose enough arbitary cooldowns and resitrictions, then you will love this game."
76561198029191773,Not Recommended,291650,29948649,Posted: 15 February,all,Skawt88,"I tried to play this game a few times, mostly due to the postive response it got on steam, but I just can't get into it.  It is just boring to play.  I liked baldurs gate and whatnot but this one is so lackluster.5/10"
76561197983885145,Not Recommended,291650,33436760,Posted: 10 July,all,Zoltan,"Nice story, nice setting, terrible rpg system unless you like to optimize characters.Obsidian should stick to just make stories and let other people work on the underlining systems that run the game."
76561198002728506,Not Recommended,291650,33605332,Posted: 17 July,all,Dino,Creepy Paradox. It has become really disgusting. Increasing prices before steam sales and the unlimited dlc in all their games. Do not buy their games.
76561198005271335,Not Recommended,291650,32588239,Posted: 20 June,all,Pale Dolphin,"Raising the price for a great game before a summer sale? ♥♥♥♥ you, Paradox, I'm not supporting your products anymore."
76561198158004807,Not Recommended,291650,28909681,Posted: 1 January,all,Zorinda,"I tried twice to like this game. The first time I played, I got a little way into the game and got bored. A while later I restarted the game from the beginning and got a bit farther along; however, I eventually got to a point where I had lots of goals but could find no way to achieve any of them. One in particular that I went after required my crew to kill a bunch of creatures so powerful that I could make no headway at all. I eventually stopped playing because I couldn't find a way to make any progress and I didn't really find the game to be all that engaging. Too bad. It looked like it would be good, but I just couldn't get into it. Interestingly, according to the global achievements, less than 45% of people who own the game manage to complete Act 1 (I did get that far) and less than 25% complete Act 2 (I didn't make it that far)."
76561198066316079,Recommended,291650,15153343,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,sakoondomla,I love this game.
,Recommended,291650,26326730,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,咲Saki開花？,"The size of the texture document of this game is only 8MB, which is even less than one three thousandth of the whole game, but for me this 8MB is the whole game. By the way, this game is actualy pretty gooooood and makes me have crippling depression."
76561198182433617,Not Recommended,291650,33914354,Posted: 30 July,all,F0rmaz,Pros:+Nice looking graphics+Fun character creation+Abilites are easy to understand thanks to good UI+Combat is challenging on harder difficulty+Loot is easy to handle in the inventory+Alot of dialogue options depending on your characters skills and abilites+A few entertaining sidequestsCons:-World feels empty-Uninteresting companions-Story not interesting enough to immerse yourself which also gives me no motivation to continue playing-combat gets very repetitive-No spells outside combat-Not enough spells compared to Baldurs Gate-Could have been more voice acting IMO-the combat music is bad which drives me insane after a while :)-lack of humor (Everything doesent have to be 100% serious all the time)-you never get the feeling of getting more powerful when leveling up-Not enough interesting items to equipI have tried so many times to try and finnishing the game but it gets so boring. I guess i will have to go back to Baldurs Gate instead.Sorry for any gramatic errors im swedishthanks bye
76561198046691355,Not Recommended,291650,31298043,Posted: 22 April,all,steven.viscido,"Well, I tried to like this game, but I just did not find it enjoyable. Normally I find these sorts of games (3rd person party games) fun to play, but there are just too many aspects of this game I find annoying.  There are some good points but just not enough to make me keep playing after early Act 2. I am sure some people will argue that is 'not enough' to know if I like the game. Well... 20 hours of play, characters level 6 or 7.  If it's not fun yet... I see no ponit in continuing.Some things I did not like about the game:- Insanely small field of view. Outdoors in an open field, you can see no farther than in a dungeon with no torches. Literally you could stand on your front porch and the game will not show you the enemies on your next door neighbor's front stoop. It's absurd.- Camping/rest mechanic. I don't mind the resting so much but having to keep going back to town to get more camping supplies, well. That is just a time sink. Supposedly this makes the game 'harder' (that they think so is proven by harder settings giving you a smaller camp supply cap). It doesn't. It's just a time sink.- Absurd money sinks, like paying 300 gold to copy a spell from one book to another while standing in a forest. Who am I paying, the trees? The stronghold is also a money sink. Advice for Obsidian: Balance the treasure rewards in your game and you won't need money sinks.- Certain encounters appear to be purposely designed so that you have to keep trying and reloading them until you figure out how to do them successfully. Again I think this is meant to make the game 'hard.' I guess it does. But I don't find playing the same encounter 11 times until I get it right to be fun. I find it boring.- Uninteresting main story. I found the main quest uninteresting. I didn't enjoy being a 'watcher of souls' and I felt like the whole story was kind of creepy.  The villain was undefined for so long that even after ~20 hours I did not know who he was. Suprirses are fun, sure. But if you don't even know why you should care about what the game thinks you should care about, where is the motivation to continue.- Boring side quests. Try to stop some town roughians from interfering with a brothel's profits. Ask a librarian to give a wizard a secret book. I mean... seriously?So... meh. 20 hours of my life wasted. Not going any further with it."
,Not Recommended,291650,30038492,Posted: 19 February,all,R3sistance,"This game is a throw back to the old Infinity Engine used on games such as Baldur's Gate... unfortunately it doesn't really enchance the experience much at all. There are many nitpicks and unless you really want a nostogia trip, then I wouldn't recommend playing this game.First off the storyline appears expansive but it is a lie, the game railroads you via the areas you can visit and the quests/events you have to do. While you can do some things out of order, you'll soon enough always end out back on the same path. There is variance and the end does ""change"" based on what you do but as it is just narrated walls of texts, it isn't very meaningful, also many actions like wiping out all the NPCs in a town or village are ignored in the ending.Secondly, the exploration is basic and not very rewarding, most of what you find is just caves with no point or maybe rarely an additional quest giver. This is made worse by the constant fog of war effect, apparently your character is incapable of ever seeing more than about 30 feet away but can see through solid walls rather well. Naturally as this is going for an Infinity Engine feel, everything is pre-rendered 2D with planes to make it feel 3D. In-game models (PC & NPCs) are infact 3D. The interface feels sluggish for moving around the map.Third the combat system sucks bad, there is no default AI for any companion and so you either need to pause the game constantly to control each one or tell all to do the same thing. There is Party AI but it is disabled by default (why?), and even this had to be patched in to begin with. There is little foresight over how battles actually work and leads to oddly shifting between way to easy battles and then suddenly coming across a group of about 12 orges sat outside a cave. It just isn't well balanced and quickly becomes boring, it is more about how to exploit the battle system than to actually use strategy or tactics.Fourth, The quests are a mixed basket. Most quests are quick and simple, but there is a couple that drags on too long. There are some quests that are simple but never supply you critical details and so you have to just move around until you randomly find the right place or force you to get to some arbitary point in the storyline before you can progress them. Some quests have entire areas dedicated to them but have little much else making them bland grindfests to eventually get to the quest objective (I.E. Raedric's Hold).Fifth, There is one particular task which is to clear an area known as the endless paths of od nua... it is more endlessly boring, this area is almost a completely unconnected lore to the rest of the game with only a few things actually having any importance at all. It is suppose to be a challenge but really is just more of a grindfest to clear, there is a couple of bosses in this area but generally just kill everything and move on is the only point here. There is maybe a few encounters you can pass.Penultimately, Events/Encounters are about the most interesting thing in this game. If I have to praise it for anything then that would be it, unsurprisingly this is the areas where storyline tends to work the best too. Most are pre-scripted events that trigger after certain conditions so unfortunately is lacking on the random side but else wise these tend to be well written and executed. Sometimes these do have a lack of options, such as not being able to call out obvious traps, when they are really obvious, fake messenger guy who sweats too much and is clearly lying...Finally, The lore in this game sucks, like it really sucks. Mainly this is to do with the gods themselves, while lackluster and boring the game pulls a ""plot twist"" at the end that makes the barely average lore around the gods and some ancient civiliations just seem lame and terrible. Basically trying to achieve piece by constantly spawning wars, yeah... that is something in the plot you can never call out, the grand plan to make things ""more peaceful"" actually has only ever made everything more violent."
76561198000636096,Not Recommended,291650,15232225,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Emberstorm,"I was incredibly excited for this game, and bought it instantly on release. Unfortately I'm disapointed, and although i pushed myself to play it, I found myself incredibly bored.First of all, the story is a big dissapointment. It definately feels like they have spent way too many resources writing lore and conversations, but they seem to have completely forgotten to make the game 'fun'. All the quests are boring, repetative and unsatisfying. The companions were lifeless and boring and unmemorable, half way through I ended up kicking them all out of my party and making my own. I just sat and skipped through a conversation of about 50 pages of a mourning lady crying about her lost son. I want fun quests, I want quirky characters, and I want a combat system where tanks aren't immortal and wizards and rogues die in a single hit.I miss games like Baldurs Gate and Neverwinter Nights 2. I don't even remember the names of the NPCs in Pillars of Eternity, but I've sure  got fond memories of Minsc and Boo, and Khelgar Ironfist!It feels like this game was too busy focusing on creating a dark grimsly world, and didn't want to make any quirky or lighthearted fun because they were afraid it would ruin the games 'atmosphere'. Personally I found the story of Pillars of Eternity a giant bore and I didn't become attached to my character, the NPCs, the plot, or the world."
76561198035928136,Recommended,291650,19569507,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,gord,A solid game with combat-oriented questing and dungeoneering.  Not perfect but I liked it enough to play it through a few times so good value for sure.  Some of the mechanics are un-intuitive as far as how to best min-max or equip yourself and the grand story is a bit meh but overall I would definitely recommend.
,Recommended,291650,15317137,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,HappinessIsAMyth,YES
,Recommended,291650,16732697,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Kilgan,great game
76561197969425331,Recommended,291650,19651238,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,[DC] Wookie00,Baldurs gate on steroids! A+!
76561198043885409,Recommended,291650,18685849,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Matchez,Its cool its like baldur's gate!
,Recommended,291650,15080517,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Ven,Buy this game. Or don't.
76561198099102420,Recommended,291650,24610791,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,FastLayne,"I've had this master-piece of a game in my library for 6 months with only 15 hours in it and going as far as gilded vale and would remake my character ever time or get mad from combat. I finally gave it a second chance and im glad I did, because after learning the curves of this game and actually understanding the history made me actually read stuff and try to complete all the quest I could.10/10 would read all that dialogue again!"
76561198040564281,Recommended,291650,15208393,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Disgruntled Nun,"By far the best RPG since Baldur's Gate, possibly the best RPG of all time."
76561198163593742,Recommended,291650,15385194,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,fitzchivalry,"- created awesome Paladin- confronted young bear at first chance- got mauled by young bear- reloaded, got gang, returned, mauled the bear10/10 would maul bear again"
,Recommended,291650,15101866,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Et tu?,I'm having flashbacks.
76561198061399865,Recommended,291650,17909974,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Pookie,"Oh my, how I have fallen into a black hole where I'm wholly consumed by this game. If you enjoy this genre of game, it's great. There are dull parts, and parts that make you ask ""why am I wasting all my time for this one stupid quest"", but Pillars is amazing. If you start feeling bored, quit taking it so seriously. If the plot and dialogue are what you are craving, turn down the difficulty and don't worry so much about fine combing the environment. Interesting quest stuff is pretty specific and the only time detailed exploration helps is for better items for hard difficulties. The lore is very rich, and honestly can be tedious. I'm already a better historian for Westeros, Tamriel, the Ninth World, and the Arkham universe, than I am my own country. This is a completely new world, new world, new religions, new EVERYTHING. Yes, it has a deep connection with just about everthing in the game, the religion and history are inseperable from every line of dialogue. But my god I just wish these damn fantasy games can pick a universe and extrapolate :P  But if that's my biggest complaint of a game, that it's too detailed, then it's still gotta be pretty good.9/10"
,Recommended,291650,18005430,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Extruded Plastic Dingus,"I'm not one for writing reviews really. So, this isn't going to be one of any real substance. I had a blast playing this game. The story, gameplay, and mechanics are all a ton of fun. There's a ton of game to enjoy.However, if you don't like reading... or can't read... then I would pass on this game."
,Recommended,291650,18139096,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,GlassRain,"Welcome to Baldur's Gate III... err Pillars of Eternity! Now before you go burning me at the stake... that is a serious compliment to the game! This is, without a doubt, a BETTER Baldur's gate which fixes everything wrong with the other game and delivers the best gameplay and mechanics I've seen in years for an isometric RPG.The story, however... meh."
76561198044619825,Recommended,291650,18976083,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,mcmorris23,"Great game! I never played the previous D&D inspired games so I don't know how to compare it. However, I really enjoy the  overall layout and gameplay of PoE. Good graphics, voice overs, story, upgrades, and mechanics. A lot going on, and with 6 party members to control there is a learning curve for newbies to this genre. The only con is that the load times are slow and many. Every time you go into a new environment or a new dungeon or building level there is a load screen. This does not take away form the overall beauty of the game, but it extends the play-time greatly.Pillars is a title with a rich plot and wholly immersive gameplay for those willing to whittle away significant hours of their lives. Well worth the investment."
76561198005181887,Recommended,291650,20035827,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Nighthawk,"Although it has a small handful of annoying bugs/glitches, none of which are anywhere close to ""game-breaking"", Pillars of Eternity is a wonderful experience for those looking for a challenging and potentially even grueling, lore-heavy RPG that will test your patience, sensitivities and your mental acuity.The combat system is something to be marveled and if you choose to play on a difficulty of ""Normal"" or harder, you'd better be ready to learn the mechanics on the fly and then be able to implement them with a teactician's eye or you'll pay the price dearly.If you're a fan of Min/Max, this game's character abilities and attributes will ABSORB you!-- Although, on the heels of this, there are a myriad of unanswerable questions I have with regards to character stats, stacking, supression, etc.Let me clarify, it's not that I can't do the research to find the answers, rather that these questions are impossible to answer in of themselves because the game provides no clear path in order to find them out, which is truly frustrating to those of us who can spend 2 hours rearranging items throughout the group in order to (hopefully) create the most effective/efficient stats for our characters and their abilities.Having said that, the freedoms that the game designers allot to it's players in terms of how they want to play a Wizard or Rogue or whichever and every class is fantastic. It truly makes the player feel like their group is their own and their playthrough is unique.Other than that, while the story is overwhelming at times, namely the lore, it is a great one that takes you off into so many different directions and you feel absolutely compelled to search EVERYTHING and learn as much as you can.It is a wonderful world they have created, of which, it's only downfall is the fact that your decisions ultimately don't truly matter or have any real, noticeable effect on the world itself other than a few lines of text and a conversation with an NPC who is meaningless (for all intents and purposes) after you do something potentially world-changing.Overall, if you're looking for a challenge and want to be absorbed into another world for 40-50 hours, you'd be a fool not play this game."
76561198068542495,Recommended,291650,20184313,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Jarocka,Brings you back to the roots of old style cRPGs. Love this game and recommend this to people who like to read.
,Recommended,291650,20420748,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Rob,"HIghly suggest playing this, great gameplay and story. I Suggest you play straight to get the most out of it hard to come back to if left for weeks. I give it a 9/10 i just can't get back into because i'm having to repeat for 5 hours of story again, due to me restarting my character over and deleting old one."
76561198027509778,Recommended,291650,20521885,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Treg Almighty,This game is excellent. Highly recommended if you are a fan of RPG's
76561198030421213,Recommended,291650,20342997,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,lowdegger innit tho,10/10Would gather my party before venturing forth again.
76561198010205618,Recommended,291650,20525131,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,SeeThrough-Nathan,"Man, just took about 40 hours to run it through....wow.  What an amazing game.  It's what i've been looking for for years. Highly recommend. Get. It. Now."
76561198008714858,Recommended,291650,18138312,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,szekelysam,Do u like D&D but have no one to play with try this game ;)  however... if you Hate LOADING Skreens with the burning passion of a love struck volcano do not even think about this one seriously its at least 1/8th loading skreens for no frigen reason.
,Recommended,291650,20292551,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Crackers,The Dialogue between your party members is the best. Love it.Btw wizards are the best
76561197970623133,Recommended,291650,17715963,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,PhoenixFlames,"Finally figured out weapon and armor enchanting at level 11 of 12.Will roll a new main character to get that good elemental boost from level 1.10/10 storytelling8/10 graphics10/10 sound11/10 narration (seriously, they need to use the D&D style narrator way more!)"
76561198149219480,Recommended,291650,20031912,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,wpl_xs8,"This is a review of the main game, without The White March.StoryThe story revolves around a ""Watcher"", a person who can read souls. The whole construct around the concept of souls rebirthing is new and refreshing in fantasy RPG. I like that very much.Gameplay / ControlsThe game is easy controllable by mouse and keyboard and looks very much like ""Baldur's Gate"". That's not a bad thing, because it's the right way to do it.GraphicsThe graphics are not uber-fancy but good and useful - better than any BG-redux, that's a good thing. In windowed mode the mouse sticks to the edges, so you can scroll easily, and it even works on a triple-monitor setup quite nicely. The HUD could stick to the center monitor, but I've not seen that very often in other games either...SoundThe sounds and music are on the spot and the voice-acting is great - remember, that's not some big budget AAA-title!ConculsionGet it now!Sidenote:if you play in german and you are from Austria: please read all dialogs of Aloth's second ego - they are hilarious!"
76561198006663588,Recommended,291650,18155235,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Scyld,"First, the bad: there are times when it feels like the game gets lost in the weeds, and the ""backer characters, each with their own unique backstory!"" quickly cease to be interesting.  It gets to be a little disappointing to happen upon a character in the middle of a zone only to realize that they're just another dull backer character who you can view the backstory of and then never interact with again.  A lot of the secondary characters just seem to be there to take up space, which is a tragic waste.  The main plot is really well fleshed out and full of interesting stuff, but if you start exploring the sandbox that the main plot exists inside of, you will quickly begin to see the hazy borders of the narrative world as NPCs that you can actually interact with give way to annoying ""backer characters"" whose backstories you can view, and that is all.That said, overall, the game is pretty solid. The story is interesting, and the supporting characters are fun.   Combat is both fun and challenging, the classes are interesting and offer interesting tactical choices, and how you behave towards others actually influences your experience of the game as you gain a reputation based on the choices you've made.Pillars of Eternity is not perfect, but it is fun, and that counts for a lot.   7/10."
76561197989050146,Recommended,291650,19966297,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,j-PPP☮,"I am new to this kind of RPG genre, but I've played Fallout 1 & 2 and I am a huge fan of Obsidian (Black Isle) studios. Pillars of Eternity feels very familiar and it hooked me very fast. So far the quests have been interesting and very well written, and the characters are equally interesting and well written. To me, it feels like Fallout 2 in fantasy world setting. 11/10."
,Recommended,291650,20044503,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,HomicidalThor,"Hey guys! If you're reading this, then you're wondering if this game would be a good buy or not.I was lucky enough to come across this game when it was on sale and have been looking pretty hard for a good RPG.I've cleared what looks like half the map and feel like this game delivers on its reputation. For those that don't know, this is an Isometric (Overhead) RPG, a rarity among the RPG genres (In my opinion).  It is equal parts graphics and gameplay, with a strong emphasis on content (so you may notice some stuff that is lackluster but easily ignored and hardly noticable).  Character creation is fairly typical, pick your gender, race, sub-race, class, and a physical features from a given pool.The last time I played this style of game was when good old Baulders Gate and Planescape: Torment came out (Planescape: Torment being my absolutely favorite hands down), so finding this game was a god send for me.  You start out with only your character but quickly pick up other party members and can have up to six people in your party including yourself. When you go to an Inn, you can dismiss followers and switch them with someone else from a very user friendly interface. One really cool thing I like that sets this game apart is you can build every single character you recruit from the ground up. (Note: In settings it is set default to autolevel any main characters that you find to your level. If you're like me, you'll want to turn this off to be granted full control and customization of every level of spells, skills, feats, etc.)  If you find your party really needs a beefy frontline, or maybe is lacking a good glass cannon mage, you can buy a mercenary/recruit from the Inn (talk to the bartender for all this stuff) and again, build them from the ground up. They're the same quality as any other character including yourself. You go through the exact steps you did when creating your character, race, sub-race, class, gender, even their name.  This is also a unique feature in this game which is really nice.This game is technically turn based. A little tweaking with the options and you can pretty much make it completely turn based, or make it completely fluid (theres a lot of support for in game automatic pause settings. Each setting there is explained to simple terms which makes customizing a breeze).Another unique feature to this style of RPG is Reputation.  You can build a reputation by city (good reputation for helping people, and a bad reputation for screwing people out of their money). You can also build a reputation with each Important NPC you meet (like a blacksmith) as well as your party members.My favorite unique feature so far is the ability to aqcuire whats called a Stronghold. The name implies exactly what it is. (Slight spoiler Alert, skip this paragraph it talks about all the cool stuff you can do with this stronghold) It's a large estate surrounded by towering walls with various buildings scattered around. This place is pretty big. But its completely run down. You'll have to spend copper pieces and wait a few in game days when you take on a project or multiple projects and you can also hire servents and guards to defend it against invaders. Once you establish a strong security, you'll have your very own home. (And its huge.)The reason the above is my favorite among all the unique features is I've never actually had any sort of permanance in this type of RPG genre. It's always been quest, quest, quest, sleep at the Inn, level up, sell, buy, quest.  You actually have a place to go back to, a place to kick back and enjoy your rewards and efforts. You're no longer just some drifter/traveler who happens to be destined for greatness. You own land and a big freakin' beautiful place to call your own.Lastly, as is typical with these types of games, there is also just as much reading to do. But don't let this indimidate you or put you off. It's actually one of the best parts.  Especially when you have amazing writers. No matter how graphic and cinematic intense a game is, no amount of video can capture a moment perfectly like a well written sentence and and your imagination.Cons: Okay, I don't really have any complaints, but I do wish some stuff was better thought out. Like how you start out. It's kind of lame. And there seems to be much less emphasis on your character, so you sort of take a backseat at times. Trust me when I say, these game types usually have a much better grasp of who your character is, how you get to know him/her, and a clear long term objective from the very start to the very end. In my opinion, this game doesn't have that, but its still a good game and does make up for it in other areas.If you buy this, I hope you like it as much as I do. :D(I will be buying the DLC)"
,Recommended,291650,20061106,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Raoul,A great play for any new or veteran RPG player
76561198024989988,Recommended,291650,18155424,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Piper,Fantastic! I haven't finished a game of this length in so long. Loved every minute of it.
,Recommended,291650,19643181,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,UnidesTristan,"Not finished with my first play through yet, but I can say that without a doubt this is the best game of the genre that I have played in years.  The combat is deep and tactical.  The story is amazing.  The writting in general is amazing.  This game has single handedly cured my gaming ADD, as I have played nothing but this since its addmitance to my library.  The skills and spells seem fresh from the same old D&D spells that I am used to.  All characters can use all weapons and armor, and there are tons of unique pieces of each.  You can make your own custom party or hire the NPC's scattered thoughout the world.  I pondered purchasing this for a week but even with the higher price (for a steam game) I feel I got my moneys worth out of this, and will continue to enjoy for at least two more playthroughs."
76561198130220505,Recommended,291650,20000437,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,johnna.l.sturgeon,"Very worthy successor to the Baldur's Gate/Icewind Dale style games. I'm nearly through my first time through and expect to replay with a different main character. The only 2 serious annoyances for me are the often poor quality of the voice acting and the fact that the supporter-created named NPCs were at first very difficult to distinguish from named NPCs who are actually significant. Apart from that, the environments are beautiful, the storyline interesting, and the gameplay and combat mechanics straightforward. I really like the adjustable speed modes and whole-party stealthing, which are significant improvements over the games that inspired PoE."
,Recommended,291650,20384408,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,The™ Baron,"Pillars of Eternity finally got me to play an old-school-style isometic CRPG, and as usual, Obsidian is killing it with the writing. A deeply engrossing game."
76561197970868939,Recommended,291650,20424516,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Perhow,"A fantastic RPG, best in class for its type. Good plotting, excellent characters, fantastic gameplay, a refreshing universe and a host of extra features. There are lots of little improvements on the classic Baldur's Gate gameplay to make it a really smooth and enjoyable game."
,Recommended,291650,20449313,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Constantine,"It's excellent game, but has a some imbalance. I am glad to recommend it."
,Recommended,291650,17965267,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Silverbuu,"===-Introduction:First, I want to bring up two games which this game reminds me of to some degree.Neverwinter Nights, and Baldur's GateIf either of these games was to your liking then I highly suggest you try this game, just based on that.Pillars of Eternity is a squad-based RPG. Real-time, Strategy, it’s all word play here. You can play the game in real-time and use on the fly tactics to cope with the situation, or pause and plan out each encounter.===-World:Without spoiling too much, the selling point is definetly the world you play in. Obsidian has a history with storytelling and RPG’s in general, and that experience definitely shows here. A well thought out world, with diversity, each nation ‘feels’ like a unique with their own cultures.Your story begins in the nation of Dyrwood, a recently liberated people from an occupying empire, now with their own problems that you end up in the center of. That’s about as far as I’m willing to spoil, but I figure it’s not too much, seeing as it’s a common theme amongst RPGs.===-Classes and Races:Like Neverwinter Nights, and Baldur's Gate, your character is varied in race and class. Each class feels unique from the other, with some basic similarities. You can (as of writing) play as a Barbarian, Chanter, Cipher, Druid, Fighter, Monk, Paladin, Priest, Ranger, Rogue, and finally a Wizard.My personal favorite is the Barbarian, with his natural cleave which goes well with lifestealing that is present on a few items in the game. However I’ve recently started as a Cipher and it’s also pretty fun.Each class performs well with particular races, but you obviously don’t need to min-max to enjoy the game. Races include (as of writing) the Human, Aumaua, Dwarf, Elf, Orlan, and Godlike. The most extravagant being the godlike (varying from flames, moon glow, shadowy death, to bark sticking out of his/her head. Each race has unique abilities and bonus stats to one category or another. In every game I play, I’m always a human.===- Combat and the ‘Squad’Combat feels like DnD. I myself am not accustom to DnD (and have never actually played an actual game of DnD besides video games), and have always played these games as pure numbers, but those who enjoy DnD such as DR, Crushing, Piercing and and the like will feel at home here.Some of your abilities are limited per encounter(combat), while others are per rest. The more powerful ones you will save until you encounter something worthy of a per-rest ability. What is per-rest, or resting? It’s exactly as it sounds. There are a few systems in place that utilize resting, such as abilities, fatigue and health. Essentially you will need to rest every so often in order to function at full capacity.The game also has a somewhat unique system of health and endurance. When your health reaches 0, you die, permanently. However your health is guarded by endurance, which is more like the typical health bar. It goes up and down, gets healed with spells and potions and is very vital to staying alive.The more exposed classes are the ranged classes, like Wizards and Priests, and some of the melee, like the Rogues. To protect these ‘squishy’ classes, you need someone like a Barbarian, or Fighter who can specialize in taking a beating and shrugging it off. This is what makes the game diverse and can change your experience each play-through, the builds and groups you make are completely up to you. Regardless of if they work or not, they are yours. Not some pre-defined set of party members that the developers made that you have to make work with your own character (though those also exist).Does this mean there are no unique party members with stories and quests of their own!? Of course not. There are 8 unique members who are voiced and have their own agendas and quests that you can help them with along the way. However what I was speaking of is something that I took full advantage of: Adventurers.This is my favorite feature of Pillars of Eternity and something that I believe only appeared in Storm of Zehir for Neverwinter Nights 2(it’s been awhile, also developed by Obsidian). Adventurers are unknown, unnamed persons who inhabit the world. They are essentially a clean slate. You can go to several places in the game and hire these adventures to your own party. Upon hiring you can customize the adventurer in the same manner you made your own character. You can choose their race, class, stats and name and they become a permanent member of your party. This allows you to optimize your squad around you, instead of you around your squad.===- StoryMuch of what I’m willing to give about the story was under the World section, but I can tell you that the story is very compelling, and is reactive to the decisions you make during your gameplay. (I hate spoilers very much)===-OverallGreat story, great squad system, great combat flow, very replayable. You should definitely get this game. I can see this game getting better as the series goes on. I also recommend getting the two DLC, they definetly add to the game in a good way."
76561197994006379,Recommended,291650,24070341,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Jeffwee,"Been looking for a Baldur's Gate clone? This is as close as it gets, from the combat system all the way to the countless load screens. The writing is one of the best iv ever seen in a rpg, almost like playing D&D solo with the game being the DM.Being able to hire a custom hero is helpful(cost gold) especially when you need a certain class till you find a npc to join your party. Id rate this game a solid 9/10 id give it a 10/10 but those load screens need to stay in the 90s."
,Recommended,291650,20110571,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Naughtius_Maximus,"Wonderful game, if you're planning only one play through, get the expansion pack. All is worth it."
76561198039588043,Recommended,291650,16235445,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Wumbostyle,9/11 would melt steel beams with jet fuel.
76561198000525231,Recommended,291650,18909646,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Xandjam,"This game is fantastic.Reminds me a lot the time I was addicted to Baldur's Gate 1 and 2. For people who are fans of Baldur's Gate franchise, and would like a modern version, it's worth taking a look in this game."
,Recommended,291650,30989476,Posted: 6 April,all,SaucyD,Wonderful game with Rich game play and art design.  The vocabulary used for the world building is a bit hard to follow but who cares!  It's good to see a fantasy game that is unapologetically geared towards fantasy gamers.
76561198215787476,Recommended,291650,30982607,Posted: 6 April,all,cantweallgetalongboard,"I am loving the first playthrough, like Diablo 2 with more context and characters. The story is a little convoluted but really what RPG isn't.. Totally worth the full price, simply based on the massive content of the game, but right now even the expansions are on sale. If I'd have waited foir this current sale I'd have purchased the Tyranny bundle!"
,Recommended,291650,30512455,Posted: 14 March,all,Yngvildr the Voracious,I LOVE THIS GAME. PERIOD.
,Recommended,291650,16330506,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,blitzcrg,"Good god, it's like I'm playing Planescape: Torment again. Except it's incredibly difficult, and I don't have years of familiarity with the mechanics to lean on.Buy it. Play it. You won't regret it."
76561197990477070,Recommended,291650,18333560,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,[BRGL]Brock Chancy,"I am currently about 15 hours in, and have just completed chapter one. I havent been this involved in a game in a long time. I actually want to take the time to read the books and dialogue, its all very well done. I highly recommend playing this game if you are a fan of DnD table top."
76561198031156322,Recommended,291650,18594893,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,erik.tollerud,"A wonderful throw-back to the classic Baldur's Gate style.  And the new world makes it all the more interesting to explore.  Replayability not so fantastic, but still plenty to keep your attention!"
76561198141509934,Recommended,291650,28173876,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Regal Assad,if u dont buy this game then what the ♥♥♥♥
76561197969723451,Recommended,291650,15395055,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,ned3000,"Easily exceeds the quality of the classics on which it's patterned. Every aspect of the game seems to have been exceedingly well thought out. The combat system is deep and interesting without getting tedious. The characters and voice acting are among the best I've experienced in any game. Items are interesting and varied. All of the tiny little details seem to have been attended to with loving care. Overall, these things add up to create an extremely fun, satisfying game."
76561198030858294,Recommended,291650,15514575,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Redheat,"I just started playing this game and had to stop my self becauce I hadnt sleept,,If you get this game start on a weekend or youll miss work."
,Recommended,291650,24988890,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,4tticB,"Tim Cain is My Master now!Well, Tim cain has been my master since Arcanum of Steam and Magick Obscura, which is my all time favourite game ever, and this game, from the conception of the kickstarter project, was effectively Arcanum 2 for me. The anticipation and the wait was tantalising to say the least.I can now say, with overflowing joy, I wasn't disappointed. I can duly recommend this wonderful isometric rpg. It has a rich story, interesting character development and attention to detail that shows the game developers do it for the love of it.There are far more in-depth reviews that specify the pros and cons, I simply wanted to add my view from the point of a hardcore fan of the genre and the game in particular.Buy this game, you will fall in love with it."
,Recommended,291650,24879563,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,azores89,I dislike the game that I uninstalled it after only finishing Act I.Mainly because I SUCK at it. This is above my game.Maybe when I feel more open to learn (and dies gazillion times) I'll replay again xD
,Recommended,291650,23871045,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,My_Monkey_Balls,"Ok so it took me a while to decide to give this game a thumbs up. Decided to do so because all the good things about this game are very good and solid.As such, I'll only list the things that bothered me a lot.CONS:- You'll spend the whole game either at increased speed moving stealthly (or else you wont't find hidden stuff) or combat slow motion.-Voice acting present or not feels almost random. This is very annoying when most of the game you'll have to read anyway- All the character development take a lot to sink in.- Names just sound dull and bad. I want to puch whover came up with ""glanfathan""- Art is weel done, but it also feels bery blend sometimes.- Soul reaching npcs only if you really really love reading useless (yet well written) stuff.- Seen a lot that this game is very hard.  I've cleared Raedric Hold quite early without difficulty to find very later on that this was a wrong and unecessary approach.-Game definetly not worth the full price (kickstarter money for what?)"
,Recommended,291650,26756964,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,ThunderMcBuffHuge,"The game is broken in a good way: the discovery and exploration aspect of finding what works and when it works is the best part of huge, anti-rail games like this. Expect to waste time, expect to fail occasionally, and expect to get frustrated sometimes, and you'll eventually run into some of the most rewarding experiences you'll ever have in an RPG. This isn't a thing unique to PoE; RPGs used to frequently be like this(FF7, FF9, FFT, Ultima, Legend of Legaia, Elder Scrolls). It's very refreshing to see this style again.The music, graphics, story, and much of the dialogue overflow with the time and love the developers put into PoE. Your choices ACTUALLY impact the gameplay, which is promised constantly, but never delivered.I won't lie: the game can be ♥♥♥♥ing hard and unforgiving at times, and you'll probably have to read some guides on character building and such from the early adopters.I paid $45 for the game; I very rarely pay over $20 for a game. I bought all the DLC too. I haven't regreted it once. I love this game."
76561197960546390,Recommended,291650,28963819,Posted: 2 January,all,Blue,"Amazing game, kept me intrigued the entire time. Can't wait for the sequel."
,Recommended,291650,28985169,Posted: 3 January,all,Arumwon,"Loving this game! It's now among the best RPG's I've ever played and added to my favorites! I don't understand why people were complaining about the graphics/artwork, it was one of the things that drew me into buying the game. Wish there was some type of co-op campaign but still, the game is fun!If there was one thing I didn't like about the game, it was that sometimes in small spaces like dungeons, my characters would get stuck onto one another."
76561198079767248,Recommended,291650,25306222,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Guitargod32768,"pillers of eternity is an incredible RPG.This was my first CRPG and I havent had a game latch onto me like pillers did for a long time. I tried to stop playing i promise but it just didn't happen, the games story is so inrapturing and interesting and every side quest has a story of its own not just padding.The gameplay is addictive and not as confusing as it looks so don't worry if you are a noob like me. i can say that as much as i enjoyed the game the final boss is underwhelming to the point that i didn't use my best spells cause i thought there was going to be another fight afterwards(there wasn't) and the way the ending is presented is also underwhelming but still satisfying.I would say if you are looking for a deep interesting story then this game is perfect. (and it's on sale right now pick it up)"
76561198042349748,Recommended,291650,20276284,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Oatmeal Man,"This game brings back the magick, wonder and charm of escaping to another world. If you like Baldurs Gate, fantasy, Dungeons and Dragons or anything RPG/CRPG related, this is a must have."
76561198034745617,Recommended,291650,20278707,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ecc,One word: wonderful.
76561197989298145,Recommended,291650,22931671,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,DowntownMB,"I tried one of the older isometric RPG's and Pillars of Eternety is so much easier to get into, while still giving you the Baulder's Gate/D&D feel you're looking for.If you aren't ok with shelling out $70 for the game and the expansions, wait for a sale. It's what I should have done.A year later and I'd still say $70 is actually a fair price for the game and it's two expansions, because IMO it's a GREAT game. The reason I mention that is because included in the expansions are some mechanics upgrades, which has me wanting to wait to play till I can pick them up."
,Recommended,291650,17721027,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Almak,"if youre looking for a good rpg, youve just found it. 9.3/10"
,Recommended,291650,15090740,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Vraizyn//Blight,"""If I'm not supposed to pet him, why is he so soft?"""
,Recommended,291650,19914024,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,FOREVERREI,สนุกใช้ได้ได้กลิ่นอายเกม baldurgate อยู่
76561198059484757,Recommended,291650,20321100,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,emul,"Brought back the old memories and feelings. It's been a long time since I played this much in a row with something. It really met all my expectations. Great atmosphere, great story, and the system is logical and kinda easy to learn.Sucked me in completely.If you liked Baldurs gate or Icewind dale, this game is a must have"
,Recommended,291650,16689314,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Cal ChuCHECKEM,obsidian proves to us once again why they are some of the best devs in RPGS
76561198002033175,Recommended,291650,19225680,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,hazaeagle,Its nearly 2016 and this old school style fantasy adventure romp has given me a reason to live . I want to thank the developers for creating this most beautiful game . I for one will keep buying your expansions till the end of time . Keep them comming . I don't want this to ever end .
76561198018284994,Recommended,291650,15341989,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Relicknowles,I do not ever write reviews but this is too good not to. I give it 11 out of 10! havent finished it cause i am trying not to just blow through it......I don't want it to end......I hope they made butt loads of money so they make another!
76561198040817685,Recommended,291650,15509386,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Amarimatsu,"If you are a fan of RPG's, ISO games, or good storytelling, this game is for you. I bought Divinity Original SIn Last year and absolutely loved it. As a result, I have played through most of POE (56 hours in and going strong) and have plans to play all the Baldur's Gate EE games.Buy this game, play on hard, take your time, and enjoy!"
,Recommended,291650,25420737,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,scum fuck,computer game
76561198079882415,Recommended,291650,23448383,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,mhasemore,"A solid new RPG in the old-style isometric style, Pillars of Eternity has many familiar elements including a party, pause-based tactical combat, dispositions, reputations and a world map spanning many locations.The best parts are definitely the world-building elements and the textual storytelling - whoever is writing this has excellent skills. The narration is engaging as well as your character's interactions with everything from people to collapsed bridges. The world is very rich with a lot of atmosphere and lore to go with it, and plenty of information in the cyclopedia to go with it.The music and graphics are beautiful, too. They do a great job at immersing you in this world. Despite it being isometric, the environments look beautiful, as do some of the more interesting set pieces (such as the Endless Paths).The party characters are interesting and unique, though not as engaging to talk with as I would have liked; due to the isometric style being a limitation in this case. What voice acting there is is excellent, but it was strange that so much of the game didn't have voice acting. The main quest and character dialogue should have had a bit more voice acting done, in my opinion.I do believe there is too much praise for this game simply for being unique in its time. I've played games like Neverwinter Nights and Fallout 1/2, so getting into the mechanics of this game was pretty easy and I was able to play on Hard comfortably for most of my first playthrough. While this game improves on visuals and better inventory management; as well as party management; there's not much else distinguishing this game from the older ones. I never really got into the main story like I did Neverwinter Nights or Fallout 2, though the ending was satisfying enough.The combat is alright, but it is very difficult to know what is going on sometimes when your characters are huddled together and you can't see what's happening under all the magical effects. Characters also tend to do nothing when on their own; the AI option should give more options for idle behaviour. There were also too many spells that do similar things; these could have been organised better, and given more ""per encounter"" abilities instead of ""per rest"" abilites. Resting is a chore in this game, when it doesn't really need to be.The biggest problem I had with the game is how limited the roleplaying is. So many sidequests involve two opposing parties, you are given a bit of context, and you have to side with one and kill the other. There's no delving into the true motivations of the parties (despite being a Soul-Watcher), so I always felt disappointed when I found no third option in so many quests. You also are forced to be violent or cruel in some encounters, no matter what kind of character you are; which is especially grating when a quest forces you to do immoral acts to complete a quest, and you can't even try the diplomatic approach. There should be an option to refuse to complete either of the tasks at one point. It ruins the immersion of roleplaying when so many obvious dialogue options or attribute checks feel missing.Overall, a very solid game that had a lot of work put into it, but doesn't really do enough to earn the 9s and 10s it seems to be getting everywhere. It improves upon the old formula a bit with its narration and world but also detracts from roleplaying and immersion, with no real improvement on combat or characters. Still, if you loved the old style isometric RPG, it's worth picking this up at some point."
76561197984729447,Recommended,291650,29995659,Posted: 17 February,all,bb0yd,"Love, love, love this game.  Great story.  Lots of different character options.  It's slow and old school, but really fun.  Already looking for follow up with Tyranny."
76561198129420904,Recommended,291650,29937925,Posted: 15 February,all,mephisto89,"A valiant descendant of Baldur's Gate typed RPGs. Interesting story, a lo of options for skills, worth recommending!"
76561197970396547,Recommended,291650,29942979,Posted: 15 February,all,stalkyr,"If you enjoyed the old Baldur's Gate and Baldur's Gate 2 games, then you will love this game.  Obsidian Entertainment did a wonderful job creating this masterpiece."
,Recommended,291650,28463750,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Pandaddy,Good times. A time sink. Enjoyable time sink. Like Baldur's Gate 2. Better than Sword Coast Legends.
76561198027900790,Recommended,291650,17762993,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Ev,"If you are a person that enjoys a game for the sake of its story, the ability to take on a role of your choosing, to be able to be surprised and engaged by the world around you, then you should most certainly take a look at this game. I may not have been one of those that was able to promise funding to the game while it was part of Kickstarter, but I was aware of it and feeling rather hopeful of it even then.I can see myself playing this a great deal in the future, retracing my steps to see how some encounters play out from a different perspective and in a different role. Because I actually want to know all of the little bits of story that the creators tucked away. Something I also find surprising is how much I have missed this particular format of gaming, gives me a warm of fuzzy feeling, getting all nostalgic for Baldur's Gate I and II. Also great games.Give this game a chance, learn a little about the lore, and I think it is very likely that it will bring you lots of fun."
76561198022906756,Recommended,291650,15213788,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Glueman,yes
76561198085218793,Recommended,291650,15396065,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Ling.noi エッチ,"As for me this game stands close to such hits as BG1-2, Fallout 2 and Planescape: Torment.If you are a RPG fun - the game is a must have with at least 2-3 walkthroughs."
76561198058769387,Recommended,291650,15063927,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Flotten,"This game is awesome, and I have been looking forward to it so I pre-ordered it asap!  If you are looking for a GREAT CRPG like the ones we had in the past, look no further."
76561198028840389,Recommended,291650,15068085,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,luki1989,"Absolutely recommended. I'm somewhere at the beginning, but this is gonna be a long night. And a week."
,Recommended,291650,15134439,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Neko77025,"Very Good Old scrhool RPG.   As of writing this I have about 40hours into the game, that inclues restaring and making A new char.  The Story is very good so far, however I think I have already fig out the main plot and twist that will be coming up.  The combat is good However the AI could use some fixing... as in you tell it too attack X however it has to run threw Y to get too X .. as soon as it gets near Y .. it attacks Y like you never told it to attack X.   This make you have too mico alot more.  it only a Issue when you dont know its happing .. but now you know.I am playing on Hard and the game is fairly hard, you will need to do more side quest in hard mode to keep getting items / money and xp.  You also have too make good use of camping supplies.Play on Hard and doing all the quest so far .. I can say I have gotten my money back in play time and I am not even close to done.  So it will be A yes.Could it have been better .. Yes,  I know they cant use the D&D ruel set anymore .. because they are not with D&D anymore.   However, Their sytem is kind of lame.   I dont like the fatigue / HP system at all.   Also their stats could use some flushing out.   With D&D ruels .. you can kind of Traget some stats and make builds off of them stats ... this seems like they want you too have everything.I would give this game A 7 / 10I really hope they dont make A expansion .. hope they just go for number 2 and add some changes to their system too fush it out.I will say .. Maybe I am A bit harsh,  I am huge fan of BG/BG2 and BGTB ... to me BG2 / TB is the best RPG ever made..  its A hard act to follow."
,Recommended,291650,15114693,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,UnholyWar,"I don't often write reviews but I had to for this game! If you are a fan of the old school Ultima series or Arcanum, then this game is for you. Great story, game play is fun and entertaining. I paid top dollar for the game which I never do and I am very happy about that. Thank you for bringing this game to life!"
76561197983212040,Recommended,291650,15115909,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Rob,"A contender entering the RPG arena against such classics as Baldur's Gate, Neverwinter Nights, Icewind Dale - such a game in 2015 was considered risky - but with nostaglic thoughts of the afformentioned games in full effect, Pillars of Eternity pulls it off competently.8/10"
76561198071921847,Recommended,291650,15084614,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Pordorf,Feels like coming home after being lost at sea for 15 years.Amazing.
,Recommended,291650,15118390,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Tomcat,"What can I say that hasn't already been said.  Great lore, great story, great gameplay, and hard as hell. 10/10 pick this one up."
76561198032195639,Recommended,291650,15157980,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,ActionJesus,"Have spend just 2 days on it and a total of 15 hours.  For someone who has wife and kids that alot of my time taken up playing one game.  But boy what a game this is.   It's like reading a epic novel, its starts out slow but as soon as you get hang of the mechanics and the background story of the world its hard to put down.That Character creation as been reported is top notch down one of the best out there.  It is true you can spend hours if not multiple hours contemplating what character you want to be.  I myself took 1 hour to do one character and played the first dungeon to see how I felt about him, realizing I didn't like how the character played to my style I basically made another character up and so another hour passes.  So you can say 2 hours of just gettting a feel for my character before I really started to play the game.  Now I wouldn't do that in a typical video game but this game is like a novel as mentioned and your character is key part in this game. So if you don't like your in game persona why play him for 80 plus hours this game would give you?Now I havent really made a scratch our of the 15 hours I have played so far but what I can tell you is this game is big and I mean big as in old school Baldurs gate I and II big if not bigger.  The combat is usually quick but you really need to pay attention to the few seconds your in combat and manage your party well.  If not and you just click group and then hit attack with your whole group you mostly like will lose all your party members and have to restart.  There some thinking and strategy involved in the combat similar to how the old infinity engine games combat engine worked.  Which i think works perfectly in Pillars of Eternity.For what its worth if your into the old school infinity engine games, you will enjoy this game.  Its going to be a classic, its such a rich world with a deep story to weave I am totally amazed in just that alone.  Don't forget the game play which is very good in itself, but the world they made in the game is so alive its well worth the ticket to visit if not stay awhile."
76561197966757791,Recommended,291650,15449927,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,PatCat,"Cant say Ive played these kind of games much.. but this one sure caught my interest, addictive and adventurous."
76561198101879761,Recommended,291650,15097086,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,The Mysterons,Looks fantatsic & feels great. Great story. Definatly for fans of the Baldur's Gate/Icewind Dale series.You won't be dissapointed
,Recommended,291650,15098460,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,allquixotic,"Really disappointed in some of the areas of the story. For example, in the early game, a companion dies and you have no opportunity to save them; literally nothing you do can prevent them from a meaningless and poorly designed death. It's like they have to die just to move the story along. That kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ should have stopped being a thing in the years past that the game claims to resurrect. Still, there's just enough here for old hands who loved Baldur's Gate to recommend it. I give it a lukewarm recommendation, but don't expect a story with as many voiceovers as Neverwinter Nights 1 or 2 or as devious a plot as Baldur's Gate 2. It's half a glass of D&D adventure that harkens back to the 2000s, but not a full glass. For that we're left wanting."
76561198014938221,Recommended,291650,15111547,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Gmatter,"Just like the Infinity Engine games, the character creation options are deep and I can't help but restarting over and over to see what appeals to me the most.  Being able to role-play in such a variety of styles is a true indication of a great tactical RPG."
76561197964095243,Recommended,291650,15113883,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,saber,"Super fun and addicting.  Like the ""oh sh*t it's 5am already?"" kind of addicting.  First game I've truely enjoyed in a long time.  Money well spent."
,Recommended,291650,15114035,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Scott_Hall,"Awesome game, just like BG"
76561198125280765,Recommended,291650,15115994,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,PaleRider13,"A worthy follower of Baldur's Gate, a few glitches which are to be expected but they should patch them soon. Only glitch which may take away from initial experience is a sound glitch from the tutorial notifications. For some reason it keeps playing in rapid succession drowning out all other sounds from the game which has forced me to turn the sound off completely. Also a lower resolution would be nice as my PC is fairly old but should be able to run games like this. In all fairness graphics do not make or break a game like this. Good game all in all 8/10 probably 10/10 once a fw patches come out."
76561198002028703,Recommended,291650,15116678,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,wesque,WOW. Worth every penny.
76561198017880209,Recommended,291650,15116943,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Cyrus,A modern day Baldur's gate!!
76561198032456671,Recommended,291650,15120590,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Mcgehe Mchalister,please add mod support and steam workshop
76561197996441318,Recommended,291650,15130165,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Papi Chulo,"If you don't have a clue what oldschool RPG is supposed to mean, just grab this game.I hope you'll enjoy it as much as I do.Also, expect some +100 hours of game play and no DLC."
,Recommended,291650,15157299,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,CerberusGate,"After having just finished the game a few minutes ago (as a dull human male warrior), I can definitely say that Pillars of Eternity captures what people loved about the Baldur's Gate, Neverwinter Nights and Icewind Dale series along with Planescape: Torment while improving little bits to that timeless formula.What I enjoyed was the amount of freedom in shaping your character along with their backstories and type of individual with fun and (while heavy) intuitive gameplay. The storytelling freedom in this game is astounding and for any roleplayers, this is a great game to do such roleplay. Interaction with the characters can shape and mould their views which relect in the endings. The endings themselves are satisfying to say the least and I wouldn't mind starting a second playthrough to try out new choices and classes to see more of this game.Not too many bugs when I was playing though there was sound cuts from moving the camera away from the characters in towns (though these are minor) and the jerky movements from fast mode. These are minor ones though and the only gripe I have is the lack of pre-buffing before bossfights (though cooking food sort-of replaces that)Overall, my game of the year (unless something else proves me wrong) and would play again.[In fact, I'm making a new character right now.]"
76561198098436203,Recommended,291650,15444426,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,MrWiseguy,"87 (satisfying) gameplay hours later, after finishing the game, I feel the need to write a review, mostly in answer to those negative ones I keep seeing.Is this a perfect game? No. Is this as good as Planescape: Torment or Baldur's Gate 2? No. Does it have bugs? Yes. But none of that matters much. It is a great game, a worthy successor to the above two, and a great experience. I recommend buying it at full cost, if only to show there is a market for such titles.At some point, maybe sooner than the teased expansions, I will start a new playthrough as there's much I would like to try differently.Some highlights below.The good:+ An actual roleplaying experience, with choice and consequence (though not all as direct as some would like them). It offers many ways to walk the path of a Watcher.+ Well crafted characters, though interacting with them is not quite as fulfilling as BG2 or Planescape: Torment.+ A fully realized world - it's impressive how much detail went into building it from scratch, this feels so much palpable than, for instance, the world of Dragon Age after 3 games.+ Strategic combat - you will be forced to think your way through battles and use different approaches, as it sort of difficult even on normal.+ Enough content to keep you occupied for a long time (at 87 hours I estimate my overall completion at 90%).+ A lot of nostalgia used right - this IS the heir of those great Infinity engine games that still hold up today.+ Many of the side quests are interesting, some more so than the main story.+ Some of those walls of text are beautifully written. You will enjoy reading them as much as reading a good book.The bad:- Party AI - I was left scratching my head on more than one occasion as some of my party members just stood there while the others got slaughtered. Pathfinding seems slightly problematic in close quarters combat and you WILL have to keep an eye on such idle hands, as they rarely seem to auto engage other targets.- I was left wondering how Obsidian decided which dialog should be voiced and which should not. I often saw less important bits voiced, and the more important ones were silent.- I did feel the need at times for some modern RPG bits: comparing items while in a shop, changing party members without traveling to my stronghold, camera rotation was sometimes missed (this could easily be prevented through design), some issues with the interface (you'll notice most of these are minor)- The level 12 cap seems slightly low, at least considering I hit it with about 80% game completion and with the left over experience I could have leveled at least 2 more times.- Story - while it isn't bad, by any means, it's definitely a retread of the old ""stop a bad guy"" cliche. I will admit it does throw a few curve balls along the way, but it isn't enough to escape its mediocrity. Luckily the overall lore does balance it out."
,Recommended,291650,15448652,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,RFobsidian,"Finally an isometric game that brought me back to the sweet memories of my childhood with updated visuals.PROS: infinite backpack space, majestic visuals, crafting systemCON: I was hoping the content would be as vast as Baldur's gate 2.  Regardless, I know with this current success they can make more content for expansions and a sequel.Good Job guys!"
,Recommended,291650,15480013,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Casual Dad,This is an absolutely wonderful game for old-school and new-gen RPG enthusiasts alike. Everything from combat to storyline is top notch. Pillars of Eternity is the future of classic isometric RPG PC gaming.
76561198042708020,Recommended,291650,15105152,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,adamjohnburnett,"I expected a great game from Obsidion and Paradox.  Have been playing about 12 hours now and have found a few real steps fwd in RPG's. Hiring henchmen to suit is not new, but I've come to realise how adaptive and personalised thsi is. For 500 gold you make a bespoke character with a great deal of personal input. Instead of 'need a tank, will hire a tank' its 'need a tank will make one that I find interesting and want to add to the party'.Also just realised the full adaptability and personalisation of group formations. Amazing - thanks devs. Cant wait to see whats in store, looking fwd to quest and decision based archetypes down the road. I'm not sure what a monk that likes art is gonna have open to him but I bet its cool. The great Franciscan Order of the Vallejo's?"
76561197970553979,Recommended,291650,15082149,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Twilt,"Truly a nod to classic games such as Baldur's Gate and Planescape:Torment. I can't say the game style is for everyone, but early impressions suggest that this has everything in equal quality that those classic games had. I could not give a more glowing review than that."
76561197973348518,Recommended,291650,15104987,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,skunknste1,"Wow, this game rocks.  characters are amazing, story is a breath of fresh air and interesting, combat is great with lots of cool spells and skills.  The artwork locations are great, buy it now. most fun iv had in a while and im just getting started :D cant wait to get the stronghold and do bounties :)"
76561197965436175,Recommended,291650,15480199,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,VenoMpie,The PoE needle to my BG addition10/10!
76561198061841404,Recommended,291650,15444053,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,rhianna8776,"This is a great game in the vein of the old style real-time Fantasy series games.  I really am enjoying that it is not a ""gimme game"" and that I have to work for what I want."
,Recommended,291650,15473403,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,nxpnsv,"I'm 15h in to the game. The thing playes like old fallout 1,2 and Baldurs gate 1,2... which is great. I would have preferred turn based battle but you can pause it so it still is managable. The backgrounds are really pretty, and the isometric much nicer than first person for RPG (I'm looking at you, skyrim). I can go wherever I want and choose how to do stuff. Sometimes the choices are a bit obvious, but in general it does not stop the game from being interesting - just do stuff as you imagine your character doing - it's a proper RPG. I don't get the looking into peoples soul part at all, perhaps I will but until now it is just annoying. There are lots of skills/spells/stats to figure out which is somewhat overwhelming in the beginning, but at the end of the day you see what gets the job done... all in all a superb game."
,Recommended,291650,17720255,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Majika,"Truly, this is a fantastic time sink!  The story line is well written with excellent character development.  The game engine itself is fantastic.  If you liked Baldur's Gate...you're going to love this game!"
76561197988737056,Recommended,291650,18210979,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Aido,great rpg just playing it again now after making the mistake of buying the bugged to hell version at launch.loving it now.will always wait around 5 months before buying an obsidian game again..
,Recommended,291650,18213695,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Entropy,"Fan of Baldur's Gate, or any Infinity Engine game? Hello, Pillars of Eternity."
,Recommended,291650,15090576,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Mr. Oizo,There's a lot to do and the combat is really strategical. Classes are really well done with a lot of synergy to be made.
76561197969542541,Recommended,291650,15072917,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,bmcts,Amazing game if you like the old school rpgs from the late 90s. The writing is fantastic and worth the admission by itself. Combat is hard on normal yet fair. Very good game. gogogogog
,Recommended,291650,15067289,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,❽Uur,Buy. Play. Watch your watch. Play. Watch at your watch again. Yes. 7 hours just passed by.
76561198110875741,Recommended,291650,17732152,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Gorgeous Syeira,Brings back so many memories of playing the Baldur's Gate series. If you loved that game you will really enjoy this!
,Recommended,291650,31008810,Posted: 7 April,all,MitzeKatze,"Overall: an excellent contemporary action CRPG. Looks really neat and is a joy to experience for those that like the style.Good, interesting reads."
,Recommended,291650,15452097,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Belnavar,"An excellent party-based RPG in the vein of Baldur's Gate. It perfectly captures the feel of the older classics, while introducing a unique and intriguing story, and new gameplay elements of its own."
76561197971106664,Recommended,291650,18302067,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Slaunyeh,On the fence...if you like this kind of game it will please.If you re not used to it it probably will not.The most proeminent failure is the lack of replayability all is totally static.You keep going for the story which is very good but once done....wait some year and run it again ?Not likely.
76561198008896146,Recommended,291650,17733058,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Dr. Lawyer,"I buy anything from Paradox these days without asking questions. This game is no exception and helps to prove the validity of my rule.For those of you who have not played the old Black Isle catalog; This game is an intelligent man's Dragon's Age. (not to knock DA). So if you liked Dragon's Age (any of them really) this is a less graphically in depth but more strategically pleasing version.  I hope this was clear to you dear reader, I am drinking bourbon and playing the game at bar."
76561197990383133,Recommended,291650,17747536,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Bill,Everything you could possibly want. raw perfection. this is The Legend Of Drizzt/DnD books in video game form. buy if you are even a slight fan of the fantasy genre
,Recommended,291650,17735248,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Spetz,"Brings back the good ol' days. If you like Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale and the likes, you'll feel right at home.I love playing rogues in RPG's and the stealth mechanic was a bit broken at start, however with the new 2.0 patch, it's been considerably improven, plus with new welcome additions to the game."
76561198044064830,Recommended,291650,33191921,Posted: 3 July,all,jhxadvance,"awesome game, chinese pls."
76561198043075519,Recommended,291650,17739014,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,AncientS,"Absolutely must have for fans of old school games like Baldur's Gate series or Icewind Dale series.  Devs are still putting out balance based patches for different classes etc, expansion coming out soon to extend an already rich story line, nice time to be a player of this game.In short if you are a fan of infinity games this is a MUST HAVE"
76561198035721952,Recommended,291650,17732280,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Razamanaz,"fantastic game if you into crpg. Old school style Role Playing with a fair amount of voice overs..Still plenty of reading to do. Seems like the follow up to Baldur's Gate to me (which is definitely a plus)Graphics are good. Gameplay and characters are excellent, and combat is at least as good or better than any I have seen. Highly recommended/"
,Recommended,291650,17732337,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Grinnar,"The driving power behind this game is Chris Avellone, who I am extremely jealous of. Buy this game if you like rich and descriptive stories and an interesting variety of objectives, without nearly so much linear scripting as previous games in the genre."
,Recommended,291650,23771086,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Giddy_Ghost,"It's developed by the folks behind Fallout: New Vegas, what do you expect?It's freakin' legendary."
,Recommended,291650,19169704,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,aaa,Almost finish making my first character.10/10
76561198035019215,Recommended,291650,16566044,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,patrickmcwilliams27,"As long as your are not expecting anything other than a Baldurs Gate clone you'll likely enjoy the game. Its a good trip down memory lane, and if you played Baldurs Gate or Icewindale or Neverwinter Nights. Some of the NPC story lines aside from one, were boring. The over all story was above average."
76561198007640758,Recommended,291650,17734952,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,CAPTAIN Butt Beard,"This game takes all of the best elements of other games and stories and puts it into one.Sometimes it's Skyrim, sometimes it's Dragon Age, and sometimes i get feelings I did from movies like Lord of the Rings. I've even seen a name from Game of Thrones in there. To me this game artistically mixes story and gameplay together seamlessly and gives the player something to really enjoy.Pillars of Eternity has pushed bounderies AAA titles haven't touched. I think it's great to see such attention to detail go into one game.One slight pet peeve though. Why no mini-map? Even just an option to turn it on and off."
,Recommended,291650,15084866,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Innervex,All that needs to be said is that everyone is calling this game Baldurs Gate 3. If you know Baldurs Gate then I don't need to say anymore. If you don't know what Baldurs gate is then I am sorry that you missed the golden age of RPG's. I love you Pillars.
,Recommended,291650,15138758,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Manic Vandal,"When you spend 6 hours in the character creator alone, you know you're in for a ride.A surprisingly deep game even in it's early stages. Wel worth a look if you're a fan of isometric, top-down CRPGs like Baldur's Gate, Neverwinter Nights or hell, even the original Diablo."
,Recommended,291650,29838964,Posted: 10 February,all,xxXXKILL99XXxx,its fun
76561198192450950,Recommended,291650,32803417,Posted: 25 June,all,slippy clifford,"9/10This is a fantastic rpg, and a worthy spiritual successor to baldur's gate. The story and the world are absolutely the driving forces behind this adventure, although the combat and individual quest design are amazing as well. However, this game is not for everyone. It moves at a slower and more methodical pace than most modern games, and requires a fondness for reading to get the most out of it. Ultimately, it is 100% worth a purchase for anyone with an appreciaton for quality game design and a healthy amount of patience."
,Recommended,291650,15095400,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,shimmy_skywalker,Takes me back to the good old days :)10/10
,Recommended,291650,16561394,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,PMC-C4rb0n Ru1n3r,"To play Pillars of Eternity is to fall in love with story, characters, the epic, places, lore, soundtrack... absolutely everything. Is to fall in love with role-playing games all over again.Gathers together Baldur's Gate II, Planescape: Torment, and Icewind Dale and its original creators... update it with new and brilliant stuff... and you got this masterpiece."
76561198044128298,Recommended,291650,15085762,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Salmon Roe,"B-Baldur's Gate? IS THAT YOU FREN?WHERE YOU BEEN? DAMN YOU LOOK GOODOnly missing a space hamster that goes for the eyes, got a space piglet instead.I guess that'll do, piglet, that'll do"
,Recommended,291650,15093061,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Fez,killed a necromancerstole his zombie cati gathered my partyand i ventured forth10/10
,Recommended,291650,15090671,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Munniputs Lehmapilastaja,"If You say that You like RPGs, but don't like this one then go smash Your head against the wall and think again.Yet to see if it's the best cRPG, but definitely among the top5."
76561198030123832,Recommended,291650,16352020,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,bloodmancer,"What it is: the best isometric game made this generation.What it isn't: anywhere near as free-flowing as the trailer might lead you to believe.Yes, the systems are 'stripped down' in comparison to BG and other hardcore isometric games from yesteryear. For the Bioware gamer or the story-focused, the system micromanagement necessary is still hefty enough to be felt and felt HARD, especially with an absence of quality-of-life considerations like, say, a 'no-friendly AoE' mode. I started cheating halfway through and although the story is solid, it's staid. Heavy. Hands-off. That may not be a bad thing, but it did lead to me cheating after the first act in order to get more staid story into my face, and then becoming disillusioned with the game entirely once I figured out combat could be either hard or fun.Perhaps these games aren't for me. If they're for you, this one was clearly made with a lot of love and a lot of effort."
76561197999821450,Recommended,291650,16506096,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Chester,Yes.
76561197995696359,Recommended,291650,30810666,Posted: 29 March,all,Kane,great game
76561198161325610,Recommended,291650,31397246,Posted: 27 April,all,Force King,"Superb cRPG. Amazing writing, beautiful visuals and satisfying combat. The DLCs are a must though. I'm in the crowfunding for the sequel which looks even better. Don't believe the haters - this is vintage Feargus Urquhart (Fallout, Wasteland 2 etc etc). A must for any serious RPG lovers. Warning: lots of reading.9/10 - would die to dragon made of green rock stuff again, any time"
76561198012302079,Not Recommended,291650,28083126,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,VolumeOne90,"This game WAS fun.  But the AI in your team is so stupid and broken that I end up yelling and reloading more than playing this game.  A copy and paste of Baldur's Gate, not really introducing anything new.Seriously... this game becomes a ""babysit"" your team management game.  You don't really get stronger and more competent as a party, but slowly scrape by against increasingly stupid and boring fights that make you reload time after time hoping the RNG is on your side.BLEH!!!"
76561198192662710,Recommended,291650,16516575,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Wolfblade,"Great game so far, definitely recommend. Very reminiscent of the old Baldur's Gate series and Icewind Dale. Pluses so far are its storytelling and unique and occasionally wacky companions."
,Recommended,291650,30537612,Posted: 16 March,all,MindSky,WOW!So good I am not a huge story fan in most rpg's but this one pulls you in.Impressive!
76561198042303758,Recommended,291650,15211277,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Draycu,"Truly, this game is one of the greatest experiences crafted by Obsidian Entertainment.  The story telling in this gem is one of a kind, and each character you come across on your journey leaves a lasting impression.If you are a fan of the traditional style Role Playing Games of old, Pillars of Eternity is simply a must try.One bit of note I will make for those who have not yet bought the game, it is a mature story.  There are many subjects covered that sensitive people may find offensive, yet that is also what makes this game so unique and enjoyable.  The developers at Obsidian were clearly allowed to put their hearts into Pillars of Eternity without fear of holding back their creativity.The gameplay requires proper strategy and liberal use of the space bar to pause the game during fights.  Some fights will also be nearly impossible if your character is not strong enough to rise to the challenge, so don't feel discouraged if you are defeated early on.Having taken at least fifty to sixty hours to finish the story, I can say that the game will keep you entertained for quite some time.  The side quests, normally nothing of importance, all feel meaningful and let you see the outcome of your choices while still playing.  Clearing out monsters from an abandoned building will help a distraught traveler set up shop and open a new inn for example, and many more memorable quests await.Of further note is the fact that each person you add to your party develops and reveals their past over time.  Eventually, the quests they give you can change their perspective on life in Eora, for better or worse.Will you be the champion the Dyrwood needs, or will you take advantage of the chaos?  Make the choice, in Pillars of Eternity."
76561198030494880,Recommended,291650,15215761,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Cactuar512,"I just finished the game on Normal difficulty and...it's ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic! The amazing writing of Obsidian/Black Isle like in KotOR 2 and Planetscape: Torment and the robust, challenging, and strategic gameplay of the classic IE games like Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale make for an amazing game that we simply haven't had in years. It's a very fufilling game that lasts 40-50 hours and it has a lot of interesting and morally grey choices and consequences. Seriously, if you love good RPGs, you can't go wrong with this and you owe it to yourself to pick up this game."
,Recommended,291650,15227712,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Kinthalis,"First, I'll tell you what you won't be doing while playing Pillars of Eternity:You won't be spending hours moving through vast empty areas fighting worthless mobs and picking up every weed that grows. You won't be mashing ""A"" for awesome, or ""B"" to win. You won't be wasting time with pointless, souless fetch quests without any sort of character or story development. And you won't be watching most of the story through interminable cutscene after cutscene, wishing you had just a little bit of influence in how it all unfolded.Pillars of Eternity DOES feature:The pinnacle of real time with pause combat. It's tactical, it's challenging, it's easy to pick up but difficult and rewarding to master.  A great narrative adventure that doesn't ignore player agency, like so many other RPG's do. A world that is rich with lore and isn't afraid to show it's dark, ugly side, a lot. Also characters that will keep you engaged in every single detail and word that is spoken.If you're a fan of the BG games, well you're probably already playing, as this is a modern BG 3 in all but name.However, if you are any sort of RPG fan AT ALL, this is a game you NEED to try.You'll wonder how on earth you could have ever though spending hours picking up iron ore and healing herbs, had any business being in an RPG."
,Recommended,291650,15235939,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,ethercore918,"I've spent quite a bit of time in this game, and feel like I've barely scratched the surface. I haven't even messed with the enchantment system yet. There is a learning curve to some of the mechanics in this game (eg: magic system), but once you get used to how they work, they're easily managable. I'm going to cover all the basics here, but it won't take long.Gameplay: If you're familiar with Baldur's Gate or Dragon Age Origins, you'll find yourself right at home here. Pause and play is featured heavily here, and everything is responsive. The spells in particular feel great.Graphics: It's not going to push your hardware, but what's here is gorgeous. The attention to detail is what will amaze you the most.Sound: Great soundtrack. I could put this in rotation on my phone. Seriously. Voiceovers seem sparse at times, but when you realize how much is here, you realize it would take forever to record all this.Story: Where this game shines. There is so much going on here, and it is a fresh take on spirits, souls and their correlation to Gods/Religion. And, the Lore. Good, God the Lore. So much to soak in. All of it is interesting.Overall: Just an amazing game. Through and through. Very well executed, and so engrossing. I do not want to put this game down, and I imagine I'll jump right back in as soon as I finish it."
76561198006615229,Recommended,291650,15303275,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,warpedgabs,"I must admit, I have never played any of the EE (Eternity Engine) games; I have always stayed away from them due to their difficulty and lore. This is something, however, that I now regret upon playing PoE as I have fallen in love with the world, lore, and gameplay.I love the simplicity of it - the 2D environments are beautiful. The text is also lovely, you feel like you are reading an interactive novel whilst fighting in dungeons all at the same time. It is a shame many of the modern RPGs have lost this quality - tapping into our imagination and creativity.The gameplay isn't hard to grasp, however, it is difficult to master which is excellent. The music and sound are all hallmarks of a true RPG.As a non EE gamer, I would recommend this game. Give it a go and support an excellent developer (Obsidian) and a publisher which prides itself on its community engagement and honesty (Paradox)."
76561197971595218,Recommended,291650,15239881,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Reth Stride,"I have not enjoyed a game so much in years. Great story, decent length, and all the RPG elements you need and more besides. I did have some issues with bugs, however the game is just rock solid."
,Recommended,291650,15210388,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,RT,Overall excellent and engaging RPG.  Well worth the time to experience this game.
76561197962150203,Recommended,291650,15243318,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,QUACHIMBA,Fantastic.. Ican honestly say not a game apart from old Diablo and Diablo 2 gives this immersion and experience. Diablo got me into these kind of games and 16 years later i've found one that makes this genre good again. I hated baldurs gate i hated most others that came after it but this one rings true the devs have done a great job and you need to purchase this game if its one thing you do on steam
,Recommended,291650,15209946,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Piglock,"This plays out like a beautiful new edition of Baldur's Gate - the look and feel is just like it, however improved for modern computing performance.This is a MUST BUY for any fan of old school games.  It is simply excellent."
76561197988782792,Recommended,291650,15222543,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Vice,Awesome
76561198004089085,Recommended,291650,15226305,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Odek,"For those of you chasing that old school RPG dragon like I do, this is the game for you. It takes every thing that made the Dungeon Seige and Neverwinter special and VASTLY improves on it. I am 24 hours in and this game just keeps getting better.Old School feel with the perfect amount of new age touch? Check!Perfect amount of difficulty? Check!Multiple options to customize how combat works from real time to turn based? Check!Dragons? Check!Amazing story with great voice acting and dialogue? Check!The ability to replace the characters you dont like with ones that you hand created simply by talking to an in keeper and hiring an adventurer? Check!Fully upgradable castle complete with the ability to hire guards, lock up prisoners, that just so happens to be built upon an extremely difficult dungeon that you can explore to your hearts content? GOD DAMN CHECK!Really, the only thing I was going to complain about was the exp system, but even that has grown on me. You dont get exp from killing monsters. You sort of have a hunting log, where you get exp until you kill so many of a certain monster then the exp stops. Basically, you can only learn so much from killing the same thing over and over again, until you have to move on to stronger or more unique monsters.It has a few bugs here and there, but nothing game breaking and the ones that are there, the developers have been knocking out in droves.Video game companies that take care of their fans and value their input are a dying breed. This game is a product of a company that wants it to be all it can be and not just what it has to be to make money. It really is everything you would expect from Obsidian and so much more."
76561198012178211,Recommended,291650,15218975,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Blood2Dust,"The BEST rpg i've played in years!!!This game is brutally difficult but once you learn the mechanics = things really open up.  It's not your traditional rpg, it's an old school D&D throw back with a modern/streamlined stat system.  I died alot early on but once i started figuring out how the game works, it was amazing (opened up so many risk/reward situations).  This game reminds me a lot of DRAGON AGE (pause fights - turn by turn - big groups to manage - lots of inventory) but with a top down view and much deeper stat/perks system.  Again, it's brutually difficult and requires creating combos with abilities and managing your team effectively.  One of the best things, is that you can create any type/combination of group to navigate through this challenging world.I wish they made more rpgs like this . . . this game redeemed my love for rpgs.  MUST BUY"
,Recommended,291650,15222395,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Raynee,"This game screams 1999 with its art style, classic high-fantasy setting and orchestrated soundtrack, but don't be fooled, this is a game that feels very fresh and would make any 2015 PC owner proud.Fans of the classic Baldurs Gate, Planescape: Torment and Icewind Dale should not even think twice about getting this game, this is the game you've been waiting for. It even shares the same mouse cursor, they could've named the game Baldurs Gate 3 and no one would've been disappointed.This will most likely end up as my personal GOTY 2015, it even has a chance of kicking Baldurs Gate 2 off the throne as my favourite western RPG ever."
76561198009173518,Recommended,291650,15231059,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Something completely different,"Anyone who liked BG will love this game. The game looks simple but if you start playing you will realise it has a wealth of choices and that levelling up means something. I restarted at level 6 because I finally understood the mechanics so I could make my own character instead of following a guide.I absolutely love the attack mechanics, the best I have seen in a game so far (Though I miss an explanation how a single one handed weapon/ double-hander/ two weapon style affects accuracy) and I really enjoy there being different currencies you can find. Really adds to immersion to see such small details being thought of.I find the plot enjoyable and the side missions and exploration sufficient and quite pleasant. The dialogue options often make me chuckle or grin.The only things I would like differant are the companions (Their skill and ability spread is far from optimal, it'd be nice if you could give more direction there (Perhaps by some answers when aquiring the companion, there could be several templates of which you'd get one.)"
,Recommended,291650,15245347,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Foxy Grandpa,pretty cool
76561198011794827,Recommended,291650,15245423,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Verseven,"When I found out a new game was being made in the style of and by many of the same people as Baldur's Gate and Torment, I knew I had to try it.  It has not dissappointed at all, same spirit, new setting, looks like the developers had a bit more creative freedom.Good pointsFull customization options for your party if you don't want the preselected charactersClasses are balancedDeep good storyMain storyline and lots of side/sandbox elements don't feel like I am being rushed or forced into anythingCool stronghold with lots to do/developBad pointsLittle slow (though it is what I was expecting)Classes are balanced (for instance mage spells have really low range making positioning a lot harder)Defense system makes it hard to make dedicated defensive characters (Deflection (AC) Reflex Will Fortitude defenses so its hard not to have a weak point and armor damage reduction is similarly spread out so its almost impossible to have a set of armor thats just good (I keep about three sets for my tanks to switch between depending on what we are fighting).Conversation options can be really stat/class dependant (restarted about halfway through playing a cipher with high resolve just to have the options I wanted in come converstations/quests/storylines).Overall my complaints are very minor and the game takes me back tp the best era of PC RPG gaming and continues where it left off."
76561197992275599,Recommended,291650,15211402,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Iron Pentacarbonyl,"I didn't realize how badly I wanted this game until I started playing it. I'm only a few hours in, but from what I've seen this is the successor to the old Infinity Engine games that they deserve. Anyone who enjoyed the old Black Isle games, there is more of Baldur's Gate to be found here than in any other cRPG in over a decade - if you're looking for that kind of experience at all, this game is worth your time."
,Recommended,291650,15210075,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Havouk,"This game is sort of what I anticipated the ""Baldur's Gate-Enhanced Edition"" to be... It was not, sadly. Just a remarketing scam. So naturally I was leary of seeing something claiming to be the claimant to the list of my all-time favourites games. And it totally is! For those of you familiar with the awesomeness of theBaldur's Gateseries, I can only imagine a silent nodding. And for those of younotaccquainted with it, let me just say that this game is going to pave the way for how you measure well-made games in the future. Just as I did withBaldur's Gateand many others with me."
76561197971519466,Recommended,291650,15229968,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,ShinyRobotGod,Very good!
76561198151670847,Recommended,291650,15240000,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,HansenKristian7,"Great story, fun combat, interesting characters, what's not to like?"
,Recommended,291650,15201379,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Sutek,"IF you liked Baldaur's Gate 1 & 2, IceWind Dale 1 & 2 or Planscape Torment then you should play this game!It's like BG with HD res, the combat is challenging and the character classes are a bit different from the D&D rules of past Infinity engine games but that makes it more interesting & challenging to play and figure out how the different character classes play out.  You have your Dwarves and Elves but there are other new races as well that all have their own background and history. Everything is very detailed and the story is woven with skill by Obsidian. These guys have been doing RPG's for a while and it shows.I'm only 30 hours into it and i'm loving the story so far..... there are twists and turns i didn't see coming and moral choices are not always black and white. The choices have a real effect on your characters reputation, but only within the district you made that reputation in or who you effected, So you could have a bad rep in one town and a good rep in the next town and so on....I Took a bribe from a hated man from a far away town, this lowered my rep in his home town and raised it in the town I was in.For me there have been no game breaking bugs so far... I equip my gear by draging a droping NOT double clicking!Good news Obsidian has released a patch today 4-4-2015 that fixes a heap of minor bugs, and 1 big potentialy game breaking bug.... and lots of UI tweeks.Well done Obsidian Entertainment !  this game is big, fun, well executed and full of nostalgia and heaps of new and interesting story I'm totaly involved....PLAY it soon!"
76561198000879657,Recommended,291650,15213510,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,DaBigSauce,"great fun, very addictive!im busy trying to explore the far reaches of space in elite dangerous yet this keeps pulling me away!!!"
76561197992596467,Recommended,291650,25126331,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,goodman528,"Very good game. The storylines are engaging. The gameplay mechanics are old school but more balanced between character classes and play styles. It is an immersive world with its lore and background.This game will give you a good 60 hours of gameplay, and you will at the end of the journey feel like you have really experienced an epic fantasy tale. Remember how you felt at the end of watching Lord of the Rings movies? It is like that."
76561198002329794,Recommended,291650,24700907,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,snaplemouton,"Being one of those who grew up with games like Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter Nights, Pillars of Eternity is a game that brought back some of the best memories of my gaming life with a modern day touch.The story is epic. It is presented to the players just in the right way and the gameplay reminds a lot of old school RPGs that took their roots from the Dungeons and Dragons ruleset.I enjoyed every hours I spent in Pillars of Eternity and playing the game a second and even a third time wasn't a chore. Choices you make actually have some effect, though it doesn't change the world around you, it changes the way NPCs interact with you.For anyone who loves strategy oriented RPG with a focus on story and characters, Pillars of Eternity is for you."
,Recommended,291650,24820960,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Astral Projection,"+ This is Baldur's Gate 3.0.+ Real-time, turn-based combat. 6-man party. Fairly deep strategy for gearing and leveling.+ Base game + both expansions on Normal difficulty took me 73 hours. If you are a ""completionist"" it will take longer."
76561198009985871,Recommended,291650,27738934,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TacTix,"Great game, old school styled with modern mechanics"
,Recommended,291650,15102657,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,dr_avalanche,"Pillars of Eternity is a brilliant throwback to rpgs like Baldur's Gate or Icewind Dale, faithful to it's roots, but at the same time clever and innovative. I love seeing the biography of my hero develop as the story progress, and I love the mechanic that allow me to create hirelings for my party using the character creation tool whenever I need some specialist that I don't happen to have in my party already.There IS a lot of exposition, but I see that as a plus, not a negative.  My only complaints are minor - the pathing is rather basic, you have to watch out for characters getting stuck on terrain, and they aren't smart enough to rerout on their own. There is also one minor annoyance in battle, where if a character can't repeat the action they just took, they just stop and do nothing, instead of using a default attack on nearest enemy which might seem natural, but that's just not how combat works in this game. Other than that, I find very few problems with the game."
76561198021188667,Recommended,291650,15082766,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,vagus01,"Gosh i hate it when the writing is so apt that the dem thousand word pictures are insufficient.  Great game.  Names are a little crazy, but so am I.  Look, guys, i write for a living and this game puts me in the corner.   Excellence.  And if you don't drill down to the details as some psychopath would, it's the BG feel.  First day, my wolf and i were alone in the wilds stalking XP prey and basically living off the land.  Get the game, if you don't have kids."
76561198080801417,Recommended,291650,24905084,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,ZeaNuan,One of the best RPG with a rich story with every line of paragraph is worthed to read.... Fill with souls of creator that shape to real by text.
76561198125056372,Recommended,291650,26002078,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Applesauce King,"I loved every minute of this game. For me, the highlight of the game was making a character that I could actually role play. Lots of the decisions I made in the game were made meaningful because I was able to flesh out my player character and experience consequences to those decisions. I was Gareth, a Bleak Walker paladin with a reputation as somebody who would solve problems as violently and aggressively as possible. Later in the game, that reputation helped me get out of a few jams as people were afraid to attack me. Gareth wasn't a bad guy, he just saw the use of having a bad reputation."
,Recommended,291650,27236258,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,s.K.r.t.,It's lit fam :fire: :fire: :fire: :ok_hand: :ok_hand: :ok_hand:
,Recommended,291650,15065189,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Cautious510,It's worth your time and money.
,Recommended,291650,15819809,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Mikali,"My mini review, lol.This game is pretty good. I liked it better than Baldur's Gate 1. That said, it does feel a bit watered down when compared to other epic RPGs. But I liked it and am definitely buying the expansion.Just a note: I *really* suggest reading more of the backstory before starting the game. It fleshes out the world and some stuff doesn't make sense unless you read the lore beforehand."
,Recommended,291650,32535146,Posted: 18 June,all,Zed Clampet,"This is a fantastic game, and I'm not willing to hurt Obsidian just to get back at Paradox because they raised their prices in Russia and India. So thumbs up from me."
,Recommended,291650,15112332,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Big Hammer,"Pillars of Eternity feels like a blanket I'd put aside a few years ago, and picked up again just to discover it's still warm, and smells great. I've gathered my party, and I'm venturing forth."
,Recommended,291650,15660167,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,-⑨- Fluo,"Good fun RPG. A lot of reading though, so your eyes kind of glaze over it sometimes after a few hours."
76561197973320147,Recommended,291650,15108739,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,TwentyEyes,There's a spark of real gaming magic here.  11/11
76561197978151917,Recommended,291650,15119151,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Somethingelse,"Warning: mild encounter spoilers may follow. Proceed, and risk being robbed of a glorious moment of sadistic brilliance.- About 20 hours in- Loving it- Come upon band of looters- Not on my turf you don't- I am the one who loots- Sneak in to observe- I can take them- But wait, there's more- Spider sense tingling- Spot nasties down the hall- Sudden onset arachnophobia- If I engage one group, will it provoke the other?- Bad feeling about this- What would Jesus do?- Epiphany in darkest hour- Surge of malicious glee- Send out tanks while squishies form firing line- Shoots looter in the face with pistol while also prodding the nope squad- Haul♥♥♥♥♥- Looters in tow- My two tanks block the doorway while magic and bullets start flying- Suddenly, spiders- Looters hurling themselves against my shields, screaming to be let in- No mercy- Laugh as Arachnogeddon unfolds- Two birds dead, stone still intact- Mop up survivors- Success- Realizing this game is all I have been waiting for- 10/10 at the leastThis is just one highlight of an already epic journey, and I have a long way ahead of me still! The setting and characters are largely engaging, and there's usually something to see or do in every little nook and cranny. Combat is challenging (playing on Hard) but oh so rewarding.I highly recommend this to fans of RPG and/or tactical games. To anyone, really. If you long for the days of Baldurs Gate, Icewind Dale, Arcanum, Planescape: Torment and so forth, I really must insist that you play this. Here's hoping Torment: Tides will be just as good. Come join the renaissance!"
,Recommended,291650,15108144,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Terriblesaurus,"This... This right here... Nailed it.I never played this style of a game before... So like a 'smart' person, I cranked the difficulty to highest (Path of the Damned?) and ticked Expert Mode... Regrets were had; however every encounter I defeat makes me drool and spit pure excitement out of my face.I will defeat this game, from the first minute of my play, to the last... ON THE HIGHEST difficulty.10/10.Oh, the review; right!Well-done graphics! Lovely environment art! Very good voice acting, amazing + mature dialogue (and funny), great game mechanics, great amount of enemies (I'm not even that far into the game afaik), lots and lots of classes/variations/characters to master/explore, very tactical combat (unless you play on baby mode, not that I would know - I'm not a baby).I wrote it before and I'll write it again - 10/10."
,Recommended,291650,33527181,Posted: 13 July,all,Ninten,"Just finished my first playthrough. Great game with some cons here and there. Story was good but personally felt a little dragged out and I just wanted to be done with it at one point but the ending was extremely satisfying. *Note that the White March DLC introduces 3 more companions to the game so if you intend to buy it you might not even regard this next one as a con* You might find the choice of companions lacking, there's 11 classes in the game but only 8 companions, so you don't get a choice of all 11 classes in your party but I found a good amount of the companion's personalities and stories to be very interesting and likable. The combat is fun, melee classes have a good selection of abilities and spellcasters have a wide variety of spells to choose from. There's a ton of side quests and locations to explore, you could easily put over 100 hours in this game if you wanted to see and do everything.TL;DR story is good, combat is fun, wish all 11 companions were available without DLC, ton of stuff to do and see; might want to pick it up on a sale if you only intend to play through it once though."
76561198140825884,Recommended,291650,33524344,Posted: 13 July,all,Gaercali,"One of the best RPG's out there.It was inspired by old-school classics, so you shouldn't expect a fast, action-packed game focused on killing (although you could make a character that kills everyone...). What should be expected from Pillars of Eternity is:- deep lore- difficult, meaningful choices with huge impact on the world- character development in diverse areas (strength, personality, reputation, factions)- memorable NPC's with their own quests, dilemmas and personality (Pallegina <3 Edér <3)- good soundtrack- original graphicsIt might take you a while to get used to pausing the game to issue commands, especially if you're used to faster genres. The amount of text might repel you. But this is a cRPG, so it should be treated like one. If you accept the way this game tells its story, you're in for an awesome journey."
,Recommended,291650,25498706,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Chillmountdewn,Obsidian is the true master of modern RPG's
76561198021789508,Not Recommended,291650,26592955,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,jeeper85,"I am not sure why, but I hate this gameI love this style of game, but not this oneWasnt moved by the story, was tired of moving half a screen and getting into another battle then having to find someplace to rest again just so I could go a little further.Didnt like it dont recommend it."
76561197977188311,Recommended,291650,20329745,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Highborn,The combat of ice wind dale mixed with the storytelling of baldurs gate and a worthy successor to both.
76561197963354029,Recommended,291650,21327974,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,bowser,Interesting and vivid world. A bit fast from the mid towards the end but all in all a great game.
76561197972634563,Recommended,291650,21347054,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Beak,Great game in the vein of forerunners like Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale.
76561198037252284,Not Recommended,291650,15352111,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Jurmil,"This review was meant to be a response to @Who Am I review with whom i fully agree, but i got carried away and the text got larger.I waited for this game as you did, and it feels hollow. Its nothing new in this game. Concept of the story is nothing new, quests nothing new. The game feels like something between BG I and BG II, more like BG I for me, the big dungeon under your castle? That was here also in Tales of the sword coast. The expansion for BG I, it added (among other things) big optional dungeon with no main story or quest related content (don’t mind the bard) with big bad boss at the end, this feels like they already added some easy to do content just to make the game, I don’t know what, longer?  I feel like I have been treated like an Idiot.Companions? Well they were the main source of replay value of BG 2 for me.Warning spoilers aheadWell Edér is interesting (until u finish his quest) and maybe Grieving Mother, but they could do telling of their history more interesting, like a custscene or that event/book thing they sometimes use (I like it), it would make them so much more alive, to none of companions is connected a location that wouldn’t be accessible otherwise, I finished quests for Edér, Kana Rua and Aloth. Nothing happened. You get no valuable trinket, their stats don’t change nothing just text, but their story don’t come to any conclusion, only something like move on or things are as they are... that is disappointing. Kana Rua story could be so much richer, find another dungeon, another tablet, u get nothing of this. And Pallegina i kept her in party as soon as i got her. Now as you cross to act 2 some assassins come to kill you and her if she is in party. Because she knows something about some conspiracy. OK! first time I hear this, now we kill them and she is like ""I told you there is a conspiracy, we must warn the ambassador"". What? First time I hear this from you and guess what ambassador is in Defiance Bay which is inaccessible, maybe later in act 3 will be, I don’t know, but for now it isn’t and she wants to warn him right away. This feels like cut out content..... why they leave traces like this, its an RPG i want to complete all the quests, meet all the people.....This game itself is hollowbornI hope the expansion and sequels will be better."
76561198156262120,Not Recommended,291650,16253757,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,jerry.johns927,"I wish i could love this game but i don't.  There is no attempt here to deliver anything new or innovative and what is here is just a rehash of the old school rpg and in my opinion it will not be remembered as anything special.  Divinity: Original Sin puts this attempt at an rpg revival to shame.  Don't get me wrong... the game is ok if you like long loading screens and repetitive game play.  I found it to be very linear as well.   This game would have fit in nicely 10 or 15 years ago as solid rpg but considering the potential that this PoE should have realized 10 years later it is a disappointment.I have been playing video games since pong and have played every major and not so major rpg that has ever been made.  This one is not a stand out.   I was so excited about this game after Divinity, hoping for another kickstarter slam dunk and found myself left wanting.If you truly want to play a new and exciting rpg that pays homage to the days of old yet adds new and exciting content and gameplay I would seriouly recommend you spend your money on original sin."
76561197972052573,Not Recommended,291650,15511036,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,tastethecourage,"Gave this game a shot considering the praise it was getting. In my honest opinion, I think the game is currently overrated. People are clearly hungry for an RPG that harkens back to the good ol' days... I just don't think this is it.The problem? It frustrated me, and then it bored me. Battles do not inherently give experience after a certain point, and you will be doing a lot of battling. This led me to feel as though I was wasting my time fighting battles for no experience and a bunch of useless scrap for selling. Additionally, tying many abilities to a specific number of charges that can only be re-filled by resting was a mistake, especially when resting is limited by items that are hard to come by.The writing is hit or miss, and goodness is there a lot. Paragraph after paragraph of lore and backstory (a lot about characters who add literally nothing to the story). Some dialogue is voiced, some is not. It's jarring to have half a conversation voiced and the other half not.It's just not for me. I could see some people enjoying it. If you're on the fence, I'd wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,291650,15709016,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,soffeli,"*not beaten, opinion may change*A throwback to the good era of RPGs, however the atmosphere is ruined by the Kickstarter donater features.Game itself is very solid and pretty linear, but in certain zones I couldn't believe how many loading screens would I see to transfer from place A to B and back to A just to talk to the same NPC again.Quests being very lackluster and boring to do, either it's kill something - or talk to the enemy and get another quest to kill something else.Plot seems to be fine so far, but I'm certain I'll forget what happened after beating the game - main quest is basically just a quest to go meet/kill X.Lore seemed to be pretty interesting in the beginning, but when I found out some of the NPCs are kickstarter donater written garbage; it just brought me out of the experience and stopped reading it.I can see why some people might enjoy reading every single line, but comparing this to Divinity Original Sin which was interesting from beginning to end... just ain't cutting it.Combat is the worst part of the game... constant battle against one of the worst pathfinding in any game I've played. It's basically just you spamming CCs to keep enemies confused/rooted/downed and killing them one by one.I am certain the developers just copypasted this combat system from somewhere else and never bothered testing it.Sadly I can't recommend this game - on a scale from 1-10, it's a solid 5, there's better CRPG games out there and this isn't worth the 40€. However I will root for Obsidian in the future because I can see the potential what could've been..."
,Not Recommended,291650,15728491,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,it's polar polar,"I've tried really hard to immerse into the world, to enjoy the game, but at some point i just found myself bored, playing only in hope that something magical would happen and save the situation. Having put over 40 hours in the game i still don't really care about npcs or story or anything although i've read every single line of text i've seen.There are RPGs that hold you in place and don't let you go until you beat them, well, Pillars of Eternity is not one of them. At least for me."
,Not Recommended,291650,15698796,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,undead1,"After just 20 hours on the game, I would say this is the most dissapointing anticipated RPG of the  year. Been playing RPG since the 80s, but this is so mediocre for 2015!You better look in the past for:Combat -> Divine Divinity (2014)Character Creation and Development -> Skyrim (2011)Story / Writing -> Planescape Torment (1999), Arcanum (2001)If anything close to innovative - it would be the inventory / stash system, godlike race and being a villain. And maybe finally being able to create Puss in Boots (Orlan + Rapier + Tricorne Hat) =)"
76561197961879318,Not Recommended,291650,15901035,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,George,"Story starts out engaging with good tension, but the progression of the story, especially the reveal, make the buildup entirely unrewarding.  I got to the final dialogue hoping for something that rewarded my immersion into the philosophy of the game but found it utterly disappointing.  I would not recommend the game to anyone who really gets into it for the story.The skills are too few (only, what, 5?) and any character can spec into any of them.  The skills, with the exception of stealth and mechanics, only have any real use in scripted interactions with little impact on actual game-play and mechanics especially must be focused on or one finds areas that are almost completely undoable due to the prevalence of traps.  This only highlights the uselessness of the other skills.The class and general abilities are a good mix and I could customize my characters fairly well, though I wish there were more class specific abilities.  The combat was intuitive and strategic though I HATE that I could not cast spells to prepare for fights.  Combat-only really chafed at me since I was used to keeping defensive spells cast in BGII.  The graphics are gorgeous even on a low-end machine, the environments varied.  The variety of weapons is a good point and I had a hard time deciding what I was going to use since I had a lot to choose from.The 'reputation' system was fun and created more interesting dialogue, but is NOT a good substitute for an alignment system.  I think there was room for both."
76561197969528896,Not Recommended,291650,17726271,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,[CoA] Delaross,The combat just isn't intuitive. Ruins the game. Half the time your characters just end up standing there getting stuck.
76561197973110182,Not Recommended,291650,16633661,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,MrBenzpyrene,"Since there were a lot of very positive reviews for this game, let me balance the scale a bit by saying: the game made me go: 'meh' pretty early on.I have played a lot of RPGs and Pillars of Eternity does, in my mind, not really offer anything I have not seen before in some way or another. That's fine in a way, but the way the story is told - lot's of scrolling and clicking through text that did not really grip me - does not make it very enjoyable.NPCs barrage you, at times, with textbombs that leave you stunned and dazed or make you just skip the whole thing.The painted graphics are very nice (character images, loading screens, images in between storytelling sequences) but the 3D is very rough. Certain items seem to be scaled wrong when the character is holding/wearing them, several metal armours look very strange, the faces of the characters on the 3D model look rather strange too.If you are/were into text adventures and games that are paced very slowly then you will surely enjoy this game.If you are someone who liked Divinity Original Sin for instance, you might not."
,Not Recommended,291650,16855353,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,SsPpAaMm,"TL;DR - Buy it on sale for $20.I described my experience with this game to a friend and he quipped, ""So it's like D&D Tropes: The Game?"".  I couldn't have put it better as my feelings towards it could best be described as, ""I like the game, BUT....""It's an adequate game.  My biggest annoyance is base combat gameplay.  It suffers from lack of AI for your party members who tend to stop shooting at things when their target dies.  It rather could have used some ""intelligent"" customizable AI like Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter Nights had where you could tell ranged characters to avoid melee and spellcasters to auto-buff, etc.  So instead of managing your party smoothly in exciting combat, you instead find yourself constantly micro-managing every single action they perform because they can't fend for themselves otherwise.It also has weird rules about being in or out of combat.  Want to buff your party for a tough fight?  Nope, can't do that.  Most of your spells can only be cast IN combat, and they are only good for 20-30 seconds of real-time during combat, too.It also tends to either force things upon you or hand them on a silver platter.  For example, in the first hour or two of gameplay (depending on how fast you read) you're literally handed the metaphorical keys to an entire stronghold and all the lands surrounding.  Oh, and it's a MAGICAL stronghold that does everything automatically for you, the only thing you have to worry about it throwing coins at it.  You can even do this telepathically while running around the world.  It's a convenience feature, sure, but it's rather ridiculous all the same.Then there's your companions.  On the one hand, you are given the option of ""hiring adventurers"", which translates into ""create a new character to add to your party"".  On the other hand, the story NPC's that join you all tend to do so rather arbitrarily.  Think of the dog Doug from the movie ""Up"".  That's what it feels like when you meet one.  ""Hi, my name's (so-and-so).  I just met you and we don't know each other at all but I'm going to travel with you and let you boss me around now because: REASONS.""  Even Jan Jansen wasn't THAT arbitrary, and he was a crazy gnome whose character was written around that type of interaction.The main story itself isn't bad at all, but all the side stuff that's really the meat of the game ends up leading you into conversations and situations that feel like everyone trusts you far too automatically.  The base storytelling of everything aside from the main plot feels like you've got a bored DM who is throwing side quests at you by picking them from a preset selection rather than tying them into the story at all.  It's rather reminiscent of playing modern MMO's.  ""Oh, you're talking to that NPC?  *rolls dice* Umm, ok, he's totally got a quest for you, sure.""Then the conversations with people in general, ugh.  I get it guys, you got the M - For Mature rating on the game.  Can you please stop throing the F-bomb in everyone's conversations just because you can?  And holy crap everyone in the world wants to talk about sexual acts and bodily functions.  It's one thing to have a ""mature"" rating giving you license to use ""mature"" topics and words, but does everyone in the world have to talk like they're a flipping sailor just come home on leave?  If I want constant♥♥♥♥♥♥and fart jokes I'll go play South Park: The Stick of Truth for crying out loud, I don't need to hide it behind the veneer of a ""serious role-playing game"".The DLC is utter tripe.All in all, this is a great game if you're 12 and like things like D&D Fifth Edition.Otherwise do yourself a favor and go buy the Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale redux.  They look nearly as good as this without the 3D modeling, the mechanics behind all the actions work much better and the story is better paced and presented.  I think everyone's rating this ""spectacular"" because they don't want to play BG/IWD for the millionth time since this is the only thing close to them out there."
76561198092271760,Not Recommended,291650,16868788,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,MoonLite,"This is a review of the game on Easy which if Easy has this much problems, you'll be right to expect that path of the damned or any higher difficulty will be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥I initially tried the rogue, the supposed maximum damage class, and that was a mistake and I lowered the difficulty after frustratingly trying to learn the game..Primary Complaints:-Some classes are bad to useless (Rogue, Monk, Ranger, Paladin,Chanter)-Mechanics are bad to so buggy that it will really destroy your experience (Flanking, Engagement, Debuff/Buff, Spells, AoE range, Traps, Action CD time)-Half the dialogue in the game is to flatter backers and are completely useless read.-Character Creation is very bad with wasted areas (Stealth, Lore, Survival)-Some Dialogue options are impossible to get, especially on the first playthrough. Resolve and intellect are the two main dialogue possibility with perception a close 3rd but you'll need 18 points, a disproportionate amount, to succeed which will severely handicap your characters. You cannot increase based attribute except by enchanting which is pretty much impossible to do at the beginning and waste of precious mats which are pretty sparse throughout the game.-Main story is meh, some side quest has a nice shine if you care what ending you get but those are generally in the beginning.-Loading time and this game requirement on Hardware is horrendous. This game should not nearly take as much time to load as Deus Ex:HR or higher end games.-Progression in this game is really bad. Enemies will not give you exp to fight after a while meaning that at a certain point in the questline, you'll be at a certain level. This means that this game is quite linear even though it wants to present itself as multipathed way. Enemies higher than your level will pretty much slaughter you if you don't have the exact right party comp. Monster capabilities borderline cheats in fight (EVEN ON EASY) to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. Innate debuffs + actual debuffs make skipping level fights impossibly hard. Note that despite you using the same debuff as them and it supposedly land, it will not do nearly the same effects as the monster's debuff.-This game is a numbers game and the game hide these numbers from you until you are actively engaging in the combat. Even if you do know the numbers, there seems to be a multiplier for stat reduction if the enemy is higher level. So even if you do know the numbers, you cannot prepare for it side changing weapons (which has very limit effects on fight outcomes) and since most enemies has absurd all around defense, much higher than you, there is very little point trying.-Biggest indictment of all is the terrible as hell AI that doesn't know to auto attack when party is being engaged. That has some of the most unresponsive controls by not attacking the proper target and require alot of micro managing in order to get them to attack and face propder targets.Mostly a rant but you'll see this problems when playing. Save yourself the trouble and turn cheats on to make this somewhat enjoyable by typing ~, enter, ""Iroll20s""."
76561197995343647,Not Recommended,291650,17685889,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Hopefully Humble Tim,"It's .... okay, but okay is a big disappointment after having spent time in the deep worlds ofDivinity:Original SinandSunless Sea. For all the pretty graphics and generous music, the world of PoE ultimately feels shallow and empty. If PoE were a novel, it'd be decent, but as a game, it falls flat. It lacks the richness, freedom, and interactive depth of a truly good game.For example, in D:OS, nearly all of the objects in the game world are real(ish). This means that you can sneak into an inn, steal their silverware, and then sell it at the market. You can push around the furniture in a manse, and (sometimes) find a hidden safe or a trapdoor. And when you sneak, you're really sneaking - working around the field of view of watchers, timing the patterns of the guards, and sometimes using other characters as distractions.Unfortunately, in PoE, most objects are just painted in. For a little while, I enjoyed those paintings, but after a few hours, the walking got tedious. The pretty pictures were just another obstacle, and I started just holding down the tab key so that I could more easily pick out the useful objects. Oh, I'm in a library? That one shelf in the whole room is clickable? OK. click. exit.This basic problem - superficial beauty with nothing underneath - runs through all the systems in the game. For that reason, I just can't find a lot of fun here."
76561198006574525,Recommended,291650,15106754,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Talesin,"I've never bothered to write a review before, but i felt this game deserved one.As someone whos old enough to have played Baldurs Gate when it first came out, and alot of other similar RPGs throughout the years, i have to say Pillars of Eternity is the best RPG that i've played.It got everything really. Extensive character customization, good story, tactical fights in varying difficulties, a world who reacts depending on how you respond, your reputation or just your background, and above all, so many smaller details whos just there for fluff making the world seem real.People are still talking about Baldurs Gate after nearly 2 decades, and i'm sure people of this generation will talk about this game for the next 2.10/10"
76561197977373814,Not Recommended,291650,16282731,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Hoqage,"I've played this game and I've really really really 'tried' to like it. Having recently played Neverwinter Nights 2, its expansions and the Divinity:OS. This game unfortunately isn't fun and the story just isn't immersive. I've had my 'old-school-is-better' pride solely carry me through half the game.Maybe after a few more patches, they might be able to iron out the ridiculous pathing in combat and aging combat. Old school has great ethos, but let's not deny that most are unplayable now. Divinity: OS is definitely showing the way here by updating the combat, adding new mechanics while taking our nostalgia out for a ride.Credit to the devs for trying. Hopefully they can make the next game or expansion with a bit more fun in it."
,Recommended,291650,27604883,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,#divideby8,Obsidian's modern masterpiece.
,Recommended,291650,25416284,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Hariwulf,10/10Best game I ever played
76561198007981034,Recommended,291650,15313757,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,kojak,"Much better than Divinity:Original Sin, harkens back to old isometric RPGs with an interesting storyline. You can take along the NPCs or fill your team with ones of your own creation, it's all up to you. The writing is good and yet the game never gets bogged down in exposition.A must buy for anyone who enjoys RPGs."
,Recommended,291650,30200405,Posted: 26 February,all,Angst,"I recommend this game. It has a lot of good things going for it. However, personally I've found it's not the level it could be. I stopped playing Pillars of Eternity a while ago, not sure why I found the game a little tiring. But the things that are issues are fixed in Obsidian's other title, Tyranny, which has since come out. If these things aren't issues to you, do get Pillars of Eternity, because even with the problems it's definitely worth a buy.PROS:- GREAT Writing.- Good story.- Deep, nonlinear stats system - So well designed, in fact, that I've begun to dislike Dungeons & Dragons!- Colorful world with huge depth and interesting characters.- Better leveling system than most RPGs - quests grant XP instead of kills, so there's no grinding involved whatsoever.- Combat system is fundamentally great- While the story is linear, there are a lot of different ways to handle it ""your way""CONS (Neither are deal breakers but you might care. If you don't, buy it.)- Six full RPG characters to control at once. Yikes. I like a decent level of micro, but as battles don't give XP, regular combat encounters get tiresome. Mages in particular are unnecessarily complicated to use.* Tyranny fixes this, by having the same amount of individual character depth while reducing the active party size from 6 to 4.- A LOT of inworld jargon and terminology that isn't very well explained, or is explained very slowly over time. There are references to characters and incidents and history everywhere. The world is very opaque from the get go.* Tyranny fixes this. The world of Tyranny is as deep as Pillars of Eternity, but they included a mouse over function so key names and incidents were explained just from hovering above the words with the mouse.CONCLUSION:If you don't care about the cons, or if you prefer the setting and mood of Pillars of Eternity over Tyranny, buy Pillars of Eternity. Mechanics-wise, Tyranny is simply a streamlined, yet deep version of the same engine. I suggest that if you care about mechanics or prefer the evil Greek fantasy campaign of Tyranny, buy Tyranny.Regardless, Obsidian is definitely worth supporting, and both titles are unique enough for both to be played. Buy and play both games if you have the gold."
76561198188209354,Recommended,291650,15180664,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,patricchai,"I am trying to like the game ( just heard me out ya ) but there are just too many words and reading gives me an headache... so this game is only for the hardcore baldurs gate fans imo,"
,Recommended,291650,15194529,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,JoyOfDeath,"Soild game!  If you liked Icewind Dale, Baldur's Gate, Plane Scape Torment, and other classic D&D style RPGs, then you will love PoE.  I've only spent 23 hours playing this game, yet I have been impressed with the art, story, and mechanics!  I have turned the 'Notes' section of the journal into my own personal lore script, logging in the thoughts of my character as a perceive them.  No game has made me nerd-out this much since the turn of the millennium!Obsidian has not dissapointed me in my eager wait for PoE since I heard wind of it a few years back.  I'm planning to log in countless more hours into this game!2 thumbs up!  Cheers!"
,Not Recommended,291650,15248798,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Beeps,"Because of buyer's remorse and the high of a few really good scenes, I gave this game a positive review shortly after release. It's eaten me up inside ever since, so it's gone now.It's impossible to explain just why this game is such a monumental failure within the character limit that steam reviews allow, and I honestly don't want to write much more than a few sentences about a game I care this little for. To keep things simple, no RPG has soured me for so long and left so much of a lasting negative impression as PoE. To this date I constantly use this game as my benchmark for negative milestones in RPG design. It does everything important wrong (combat, out of combat mechanics, game balance, healing mechanics, story, pacing, innovation). The few things it does not do wrong, it is merely pasable with (dialogue, visuals, voice acting).  I never went back to this game after my first playthrough and I can guarantee that I never will."
76561197999394307,Recommended,291650,15066332,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,whiteblaze420,played for a bit realized this game is simply amazing! reccomended to anyone who will ask.
,Recommended,291650,15410288,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Goat,just.... yes
,Recommended,291650,25364619,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,kofight,"Tremendous game. It's a throwback to classic CRPGs, yes. The game evokes D&D and classic pen and paper RPGs, yes. But Pillars of Eternity is a stellar game that stands on it's own. The story, characters, strategy, and tactics are all tremendous. If you're an RPG fan, this is a must-own game."
,Recommended,291650,15285216,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,MMMMark,I promised myself i would study for exams before i play.I havent seen my prof in days.10/10 would drop out of school again.
76561198032048631,Recommended,291650,15214302,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,cloudwalkr,amazing gamenamed my bear biscuits and my archer gravytogether biscuits and gravy were known through out the land as just and right.10/10 would have breakfast rule the land again...
,Recommended,291650,15266570,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,This IS Baldur's Gate III.I am in love.That is all.
76561197971964488,Recommended,291650,15410675,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,[HdF] Almut Grete,"A very nice little (60+ hours) RPG.The story is well written and the world/setting is fun. Not much new and astounding here, also pretty predictable (exept one thing i the end).Combat is tactical and DnD based.NPCs also seem mostly well written, dunno why ppl complain here (Paladin is a little boring and the Cipher and Ranger seem a little flat).You get a bunch of information about your desitions in the end and some view on how you changed the world.Nearly every NPC is killable and there are a bunch of desitions for quests.Will definitly play again to try out some other ideas on quests and to see how i can influence the endings.Only minor cons for me:- Some dialog is not voiced even on NPCs that have 80% voiced -> irritating- Price seems high- the fixed isometric camera is ok, but i would think it could be better with a turnable view- max lvl is 12 (what you can easily reach within half of the game)"
76561198059757562,Not Recommended,291650,17368994,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,robinsprinkhuizen,Pillars of eternity is a good game like Baldurs Gate and Icewind Dale.The only thing is that it crashes a lot going from one area to another.This really needs to be fixed before rating it for windows systemsIf fixed I would rate this game 8/10In Linux it's stable by the way (ubuntu environment)
,Recommended,291650,19685165,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Nintendad,my GOTY for 2015
,Not Recommended,291650,19999993,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,LindsC,"Even if I wanted to, I could not play it.  The graphics are all white.  I couldn't see where I was going."
76561198126939378,Recommended,291650,20500861,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,DeputyGovernorOfSmiles,"PoE shows that not everything coming from kickstarter is necessarily bad.On the contrary, this RPG does a good job at emulating the Baldur's Gate experience, it does not always succeed, but when it does it gets it right.Pros:- isometric view- up to six characters in a party, all of them can be player created- good cast of memorable companions and NPCs- great maps and dungeons- it's very, very pretty indeed, just look at them flaming swords, will ya?- amazing freedom of interaction, many perks and items can open up new approaches and elevate this game to proper Pen & Paper levels- D&D players will recognize literally everythingCons:- death became meaningless in the easier difficulties- it feels small. this one is hard to pin down, but where I was overwhelmed with the scope of Baldur's Gate I & II, PoE just seems to be less epic and somehow more limited- it is indeed a clone of Baldur's Gate IIVerdict:Pillars of Eternity is high up my list for for most entertaining RPGs. The memorable characters and interactions paired with a deep D&D combat system add up to to an engrossing gampeplay experience that is topped with beautiful graphics and superbly done magic effects.And while it fails to offer anything new to the genre, it executes the known features perfectly.Highly recommended for any fan of deep RPGs and especially to those craving for another Baldur's Gate experience (yeah, the name falls often, as they are basically the same game)sale or not, there's plenty in there to justify the asking prize at any given time"
76561198014979458,Recommended,291650,20242523,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Party with Sloths,Great game!
76561198061730557,Recommended,291650,20499382,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,CryogenicSumo,Definitely a new favorite game.
,Not Recommended,291650,20936124,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,brian.sherlock,"I wanted to like this game, I even gave it a good try but it falls down on everything.Character creation is poor (Read: limited), character options are poor (Again: Limited), NPC's are unmemorable / annoying, locations are 'meh'.I really do not understand the positive reviews and maybe I am just looking for the next game to move me like Baldur's Gate once did, but this isn't it."
,Recommended,291650,23823139,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Corie1995,"Highly recommend this game for those who enjoy RPGs' with a lore-rich world and some challenge/strategy thrown into the mix. You can play it solo but will be punished unless you use a more effective build.It is not open world, so you are restricted to travelling between different zones for quests etc.Decent leveling system with a good range of abilities for the various enemies you'll face. You can only choose your attributes in character creation; though they can be altered by equipment with stat bonuses and consumables.There will often be choices in dialogue restricted to a certain level of an attribute, race, class or skill. Characters also react differently to you based on those and your reputations(honest, cruel, rational, diplomatic etc) based on their own dispositions.I played as a Death Godlike Cipher, so dark & scary looking figure with psychic powers/abilities. So many townsfolk thought I'd bring them only death and ruin; whereas a small group of vampires(Fampyr in the game) praised me as one chosen by Berath(a deity in the game for cycle of life & death) and I asked them to clear out a bunch of nearby ogres.There are many interactions like this found when questing around.The dlc is definitely worth a purchase if you enjoy the base game; however you must play it before you complete the main quest as there is no free roaming afterwards."
,Recommended,291650,25450580,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,[x] Sancta Simplicitas,After 30 hrs of playthrough I noticed that weapons can be enchanted.
76561197985870592,Recommended,291650,15458269,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,ebecraft,"Pretty stellar game all around. If I had to stretch and find something to complain about, I wish that the game world was a little more dynamic related to time, and that people moved and things changed, especially your stronghold. Besides the static feel for the NPCs, this game is A+ and highly recommended for fans of the genera."
76561197978542845,Recommended,291650,21377244,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,christopherkeveny,I'm having a very fun time with this game. What I like to do is purchase a few games and then see if I can get in to one. This one works for long time play.
76561197962074003,Recommended,291650,20561425,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Fadden,"Amazing game! such an incredibly engrossing story and adventure, all you want to do is keep going and learn more, explore more. I absolutely recommend this for any old school RPG fans, or even fans of the dragon age series if you want more of something similar. an absolute joy to play and replay.great job devs, you made a really great game, be proud :)"
76561198062956045,Recommended,291650,26664307,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Sexy Snowglobe,"Making isometric rpgs popular again. A great work of art with a deep and expansive lore, a fun and interesting combat system, and slick and detailed animations. Overall just a great experience for the new and old rpg fans out there."
76561198045833894,Recommended,291650,15122586,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Fuinril,"This game is a good game, a very good game ! It captured the essence of what made infinity engine games so enjoyable to play and I see myself as a youngling in front of his computer once again.That being said, this game is, actually, overrated. In fact nearly everything is better executed in BG2. The AI  (ennemies or friends) was better, the UI was better, the story too (event though I'm not nearly finished with it, I played for some times, 10-12 hours, and it is slow to take off...), spell variety is lacking....And if you think it's nostalgia, I played my last BG game one year ago. In Pillars, when you are behind a tree or a house you see nothing (no option of semi-transparency), you cannot force the orientation of a non-walking character, you don't see what you gain from quest (""Well, thank you. Here seome gold as rewards !"" - wanna know how many ? Well open the inventory before talking to the PNJ, loot at your amount of gold, talk to the PNJ, substract...). The pathfinding is shamefull, especially in combat ; the other NPC lacks depth (""Hmmm I'm bored.... I guess I will come with you. I just like defying death for no reason"") ; secondary quests are somewhat superficial...And some things in need of a serious upgrade were not done (formation is well and good but if they do not move like it it's useless).I repeat : it's a very good game for RPG lovers such as myself. But the realization is not on par with a 15 years old game.... So even if it's a good game it does not gain his place as one of the best RPG of all times : too close to Infinity Engine games to not be compared, with too much downscale from this games (even though there's some enhancement like character animation)."
76561198009798859,Not Recommended,291650,20258923,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Plagea,Big disappointment. Only thumbs up is for the quick refund I got.
76561198035300053,Recommended,291650,21375827,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,xmas4fiko,"This game is pretty amazing.  The way the choices you make affect the story, the challenging fights, the lore of the world, the back stories of many random NPC's, just everything about it is pretty amazing.  It's much like a modern BG.  Every puzzle has a solution, often times there are several!  I really enjoyed it."
,Recommended,291650,18773785,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Morween,Much better than Divinity OS even without coop.
76561198008162192,Recommended,291650,18776086,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,m104,"Masterpiece! A lot of thinking, a lot of tactics and different ways how to achieve the result. Dialogs!!! I like spending time while thinking how to organise the party members to reduce damage taken and deal more damage to the enemies. Calculations, stats, magic cooldowns. Making different builds for heroes. Autstanding. So close to old Forgotten Realms series gameplay compare to modern ones, you know what I mean. Thank you!"
,Recommended,291650,35231415,Posted: 26 September,all,Mausklickmoerder,"There is so much to say about this game that can't keep it short enough to be readable. To give a brief summary: This is not the second coming of Baldur's Gate. Pillars is decent, but not great - and in many ways not even good. It does as many things right as it does wrong. It tries to please too many people and that really shows. Also, don't bother with the dlc(s) unless they're on sale for <10 combined, unless you really fell in love with the game. I can not recommend it as an entry to the top-down style of RPG, but people who are looking for the old-school style will get a lot more out of this than of the ridiculous Divinity: Original Sin.Strengths+ Companion characters: They start off a little bit bland, and noone is set to develop a strong connection to the PC. But as the story unfolds, so do your companion's personalities. Each of them is well integrated into the plot, without sacrificing tonal or logical consistency for individual spotlights. The writing does not fall for the traps of grandieur and edgyness to create effect and emotion. Your party consists of slightly more than ordinary people thrown into extraordinary circumstances. I have no complaints about the voice acting, but, as with other Infinity Engine titles, some interactions are not voiced over. Their banters occur on the road without interrupting chat boxes. This makes for a very immersive experience, which is, unfortunately, also very easily forgotten afterwards.+ Setting: The world of Pillars features some interesting deviations from the standard formula. Instead of an High or Early Medieval background, it uses many Late period features, like gunpowder weapons. We also get to know some unique races and cultures, which are unique to the game, and they are actually well integrated in the plot through the companion NPCs. The gods are prominently featured throughout the entire plot, without intruding on it. In fact, I was well surprised about how well this rather generic pantheon is fleshed out. This is also the greatest strength of the White Marsh dlcs.+ Premise and plot: I don't want to spoil the story, so I only say that it's premis(es) are very interesting, competently presented and the integration of NPCs, macguffins and lore is excellent. Pillars even manages to create a mystery plot that makes the player just as ignorant about central issues as the PC and thus grants us the joy of discovery.Weaknesses- The introduction: The first chapter(s?) feel as if they were attached to the game half a week before release date, like an overdue paper from an intelligent, but stressed out grad student. Although its an okay play and craftily introduces the game's various mechanics, the opening chapter left me with with a lot of frustration and no connection to the world, aside from the central plot device. This guy sums up the experience pretty well, up to the point it gets utterly infuriating:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpDw1pJaApo(starting at 13:15, featuring a comparison with Shadowrun Returns, teeny tiny spoilers in the vid).- Cramming every shiny new rpg feature into an old school game: Just as Aesthetics as Narrative in other media, Mechanics as Narrative in games. Obsidian botched this part in a way that tells us that they don't understand it at all, which is very strange for an experienced dev studio. We get crafting for the sake of crafting, balance for the sake of balance (in a single player game, wtf!), skill-based interactions for, yes, the sake of it and a confusing number of impractical spells for the caster classes. Range, cating time and area of effect often render a spell useless or extremely circumstantial. Confusing and impractical, and generic, that's what this is. While the NPCs, lore and plot are integrated into eachother in a most praisworthy fashion, the mechanics are disconnected from the narrative, although they are sometimes used to ""unlock"" certain parts of it. When done right, the elements I criticise can add to a game (just look at how Planescape: Torment did spells!). Here, they are only ever in the way. There is some seriously bad art direction at work here, which leads directly to the next point...- Visual presentation: Yes, the direction, not the actual art itself is bad. Pillars can look very pretty at times, although the visual quality varies a lot (Defiance Bay is downright ugly). The soundtrack is decent and the voice actors do their job expertly. Where it breaks down is the *purpose* of the art. I encourage everyone to take a good look at a) the spell lists, b) the inventories and c) the character models of Planescape: Torment (a masterpiece in this regard), Baldur's Gate 2 (great work) and Pillars of Eternity (total trash). Pillar's attempt of updating this aspect of the game can only be considered to be a complete failure. It is, again, flashiness for the sake of flashiness and, again, disregards the idea of Aesthetics as Narrative. And AGAIN, the visual presentation is as confusing as the mechanics discussed above. It is absurdly difficult to remember the properties of a spell or weapon, as the vicual clues are mostly useless, obscured by blinky and shiny meaninglessness. The added detail to the character models actually makes them not only less beautiful (in my eyes certainly), but breaks harshly with the lo-fi, old-school, hand crafted environments and generally make a mess of every battle scene. Ironically, while the designs from Baldur's Gate (2) look plain in comparison, they let the individual characters stand out more, not less.- Immersion-breaking Kickstarter backer ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. The game features, aside from ""memorial stones"", which can be kinda okay, NPCs designed by backers of Obsidian's original Kickstarter campaign. These guys litter the start of the game and do nothing but destroy the magic circle. This is bad business pratice. It cheapens the experience for everyone in return for a few extra bucks. In the future, this will be a red flag for me.- Setting: Despite a strong core and some successful attempts at originality, the setting get very generic and stale where it is not directly relevant to the plot. This is the most forgiveable of all my listed criticisms, but I feel like a great opportunity has been wasted. What bugs me most is the inconsistency. The unique races of Aumaua and Godlike are thrown together with generic Dwarfs and Elves and for some reason Halflings have been replaced with ""Orlans"", who fill the same role, but look a bit funny. The same can be said about the various cultures of Eora, which are okay or even interesting individually, but do not form a believable, living setting.- The player character: Now from the smallest to the biggest problem. The player character is a non-entity, a plot device, the soulless wreck of an empty hull. It is infested with the disease of artificial and ultimately meaningless ""choice"" (again, I recommend a video to elaborate on this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJJaGSV75y0). This illusion of ""choice"" is created, not by iterating on how different sets of characters would react to the same situation, but by utilizing a mechanical program that sorts dialogue options by reputation outcomes, like ""Aggressive"" or ""Stoic"". The idea is to not follow a number of personalities or alignments from which interaction choices naturally flow out, but give us a selection of independent personality traits, from which we can create our own Player Character. This may be an avenue worth exploring, but in Pillars the street is cluttered with cardboard facades, behind which no actual person could ever find shelter. You have to look to the NPCs and the world around you to fill the game with life and purpose, because you won't get that by neither being able to express yourself or experiencing the well-crafted story of someone else. You get a reputation ticker that unlocks or blocks inconsequantial dialogue options."
76561198002029846,Recommended,291650,28847468,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Jam,"I would recommend this game to Windows users, but on Mac it runs poorly on all sorts of rigs even if they meet the requirements.MacBook Pro (Retina, 13-inch, Early 2015)"
,Recommended,291650,22421143,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Jack,"I was drawn to Pillars of Eternity by the river of glowing reviews praising its excellent writing, immersion, and tactical gameplay. So it will be these elements through which I reflect upon the game.The writing… there’s certainly a lot of it—several books worth, no doubt. Telling is favored heavily over showing, and so the story is delivered partly through the overwhelming urge to ramble, shared by most NPCs, and partly through disembodied exposition. Most of this is blessedly skippable, and there is a certain satisfaction in plunging a spear through townsperson #117 and watching his six dialog options fade away with the life in his eyes.The immersion… the few, brief moments of it slip away as quickly as they came. With so much of the game outright telling the player what they’re supposed to be experiencing through text, Pillars of Eternity is more reminiscent of a tabletop RPG or a book. The many loading screens that bar passage through the land work against immersion as well, but not nearly as much as the ubiquitous headstones marked with the fourth-wall-shattering drivel of anyone who donated funding.The tactical gameplay… I’m not sure what reviewers think this term means. Tank classes tank damage, damage dealers deal damage, and support classes support. I moved through the entire game with little more tactical consideration than that, never once crafting a single item, enchantment, or consumable, and this was on hard difficulty. I imagine normal could be completed with a team of six naked barbarians.Overall, this isn’t a bad game. Its strength lies with its invocation of nostalgia, and nostalgia has a way of softening standards. If you enjoy old school RPGs, min-maxing, 90’s aesthetics, and gameplay that doesn’t encroach too much on your reading time, you’ll have fun with this one."
,Recommended,291650,29726690,Posted: 5 February,all,chippos,Nice game
76561198073961470,Recommended,291650,24098181,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,CodeMangler,gud gaem. Wud recomend
,Not Recommended,291650,24060412,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ed,"I've played all the old school Baldur's Gate games dozens of times... this one is just not fun.  It feels unpolished and incomplete.  Low level areas are inexplicably difficult -- instead of having early areas be less difficult, it's like everything is of one difficulty and you just run around randomly until you find something you can defeat.The storyline is only mildly interesting.  Gameplay is slow and boring.  What a waste."
76561198024384053,Recommended,291650,24489814,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Edc,Nostalgic BG1/2 player here
,Recommended,291650,30190436,Posted: 26 February,all,Naxerillen,"It has one of the best narratives that a game can offer today. It involves some heavy dialogues, yet it adds up to the delicately built world."
,Recommended,291650,15121441,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Merciless Moses,"Yes, it is like Baldur's Gate....but it is so much better.What I'm really enjoying is how intuitive the UI is compared to other games of this genre. You are able to play this game and have an enjoyable experience right away.Two tips:Concentrate on mechanics early.Explore new areas in sneak mode."
76561198016833560,Recommended,291650,21257087,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Friday 13,"I can't describe the reason why i recommend this game, all i can do is ask you to give this game a shot."
,Recommended,291650,15131667,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Hidden Inside,"Warning: might contain spoilers.There are countless people telling you how this game is great and close to flawless so i wont be focusing on that. Ill tell you what is wrong with the game.Roleplay options, - the core stats are a joke. Intelligence recommended for a barbarian, Might not recommended for monk, intelligence on wizard is only good for debuffing and 'dialog'. There are no special changes while having stat a minimum - 3 int talking like normal, 3 dex having no problems swinging 2 swords etc. The system is extremely flawed and its a huge letdown when you make some conceptual hero, take appropriate skills and then they are almost never checked outside prologue.In the entirety of Act 1 i havent seen a single Survival/Stealth/Mechanic/Athletics*past prologue* checked in dialog or events, no finding hidden♥♥♥♥♥♥doesnt count. And it stinks. The game presents itself as hardcore old school RPG which it certainly is if you think♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics, extremely horrible party AI, massive pathing problems equals old school. The same 'roleplay' problem is felt all over - say i killed Roedric and come back to Calisa's sister she is still panicking oh no we'lll get hanged mode. Maxed out reputation with people in the village, the dialog doesnt change with anyone outside random♥♥♥♥♥♥villagers say. Really? This is supposed to be a top tier rpg.I liked how the quests adapted to what you do, like instead of doing the 'make water to brew' you instead murder everyone, that was good and it was a step in the right direction, but it ultimately didnt matter one bit how you went through prologue. The outcome is always the same, same with almost everything you do. They dont change anything on macro level. Say after the other watcher dies there are 3 options to do with his soul, giving roleplay opportunity but they are the same as an outcome... Why even have it then? To show off what it could have been? Dissapointing.The Stronghold felt exciting, yet it feels so dead and depressing when i show up, the events are not fun, they are terrirble, instead of inviting over opressed peasants to provide them heaven or w/e im visited by some duke who i cant even go have a talk with.  It could have been a great addition, but it feels superficial and obsolete since the moment you get it and all through the game.You guys talk about creative freedom for the game, yet the achievements are the most uninspired garbage ever. Kill these many or dont kill as many! Finish the game on highest difficulty and prove you are the TRUE TRYHARD or that you can make a fire godlike monk and play fine with it. Whoever was in charge of achievements - let someone else do this, you are ill suited for the task. They feel tackled on, a 'modern burdern' which they had to make for the check mark at the game launch. For someone not constricted by publishers or backers hurrying you up that was really ♥♥♥♥in bad. Dont want people to spoil story for themselves? Make them hidden or whatnot, make them fun!Technical issues with this game are few...but extremely irritating and game breaking including, removal of passives on doubleclick, having your people stuck somewhere with no option to get them out including: ladders with spaces below them,  treelines post scripted dialog. Game glitching out hard in dialogs if launched for extended period of time...and these are just the ones i saw, i struggle to grasp how many total there are.Realism: a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ village with about 100-200 people in it sustaining a huge♥♥♥♥♥castle fit for a king with more guards then villagers. And other incredible ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like that all over the game.And thats all just Act 1. Almost a week past the release there is no patch. Obsidian, you can do better then that.Overall though its still a fantastic game and possible THE RPG of 2015, but it could have been so much more. I give it 8,5/10 Right now and 9.5 when issues are resolved *at least the gameplay wise, i dont expect anyone to figure out a way to fix flawed quest design."
76561198136268486,Recommended,291650,27642342,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,lasaramander,FOR THIS GAME YOU NEED:TimePatiencePrevious experienceAt least a B+ in English
,Recommended,291650,30327462,Posted: 4 March,all,Ninja Pipes X,"If you made a game that met mid-way between Dragon Age: Origins and Baldur's Gate 2, you'd get Pillars of Eternity."
76561198258514749,Recommended,291650,29971262,Posted: 16 February,all,Tess,very good buy it
76561198067604848,Recommended,291650,32401122,Posted: 13 June,all,Doc,"Classic RPG at its core, a great game by its own right. It's definitely not at Baldur's Gate level in my opinion, but I rate it above Neverwinter Nights or Icewind Dale.Rich and deep enough story, interesting companions (in the most part), beautiful scenarios and music, challenging combat and character customization, great voice acting (again, in the most part, let's be honest), ending variations that reflect your player choices...There are still some visual, UI and pathfinding bugs that are a bit annoying, yet tolerable. Other than that (and -some- below average voice acting and music), no other cons. Some people ♥♥♥♥♥ at this game being ""not epic enough"" or ""not Baldur's Gate successor""... that's an unfair critic, as I said it's a great game by own right.If you liked old school D&D CPRG, then perhaps you should give PoE a try."
76561198073606280,Recommended,291650,32415137,Posted: 14 June,all,Neyhoum,"Excellent game. Old style feeling of playing something like BG2 or Icewind Dale, but with everything better, that is : a smooth gameplay system, which kept some complexity/a good amount of options and customisation, but everything is clearer and smoother.And then on the other point, the story/scenario is just the best part, and certainly best among most games I've ever played. Its not just surprising, its both compelling and questionning about complex matters pertaining to morals and human reality, without either ridiculous stereotypes nor some pseudo-philosophical-answer, but serious rationnal questionning and ""no right answer"", just different vieuws.The only con I have against it would be the scenario was so good it sometimes felt more an excellent read then a game (though there's a lot of fighting/action, its still most of the game), and as such I haven't felt inclined to replay it much, only two or three times or so. Still not really a downside, just pointing out the fact I liked the story more then anything else, even though the rest still be good"
76561198034779193,Recommended,291650,33409172,Posted: 9 July,all,Pcookie,♥♥♥♥♥ lit
,Recommended,291650,16124956,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Rudy z nudy,"Awesome RPG, thanks to great support of backers who made it possibles, authors were able to deliver quality product!"
76561197982362816,Recommended,291650,16128355,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,"Doctor, it's my anus","i can see why so many people have fallen in love with this. its a very atmospheric old school turn based stomper, with lovely scenery, nice story line and a complex combat and gear system. took a while to get into, but loving it now"
76561198168386742,Recommended,291650,15410093,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,dovakeen117,"What I imagined Diablo 3 to be. Without the turn based combat though. This game dosn't catter to those call of duty gun hoe fans. This game has deep lore, intricate story telling, and alot of diversity. WARNING! If you do no like slow well thought out rts/strategy/reading(lots of reading)/great writing. Then this game isn't worth your time. Sefice to say i got my 45 bucks worth in this game. I do though recomend you play it in bursts because its a major learning curve if your new to this genera like i am. And I can only read so many paragraphs about blood on a computer screen before i loose my mind.8/10 Great game."
76561197996695719,Recommended,291650,15073042,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Semiar,"Absolutely amazing game. I played through BG 1 and 2 several times in the past and I tried to get into the enhanced releases lately, but new age gaming has spoiled me and I never did finish the play through.Pillars of Eternity on the other hand has enough new age gaming features while keeping the old BG feel. I have a feeling this is going to eat up my life for the next month or 2.Great job Obsidian."
,Recommended,291650,15150989,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Sepiritz,"Large, epic, awesome."
,Recommended,291650,15071574,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Tmark,"A masterpiece that has it's rightful place among the legends of the genre (Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale and Planescape Torment)Do a favor to yourself and play this game. And for God's sake buy it, don't pirate it. Those guys at Obsidian deserve every one cent we throw at them. They are the reason along with Larian Studios for the renaissance of the CRPGs.8.5/10."
76561197960604581,Recommended,291650,32878653,Posted: 27 June,all,T-Bone,"Very, very good RPG"
76561197967643101,Not Recommended,291650,33212923,Posted: 3 July,all,DonkeyJockey,Paradox raised the price of their games to profit off the Steam Summer Sale. Do not support this practice.
76561198066001520,Recommended,291650,33709868,Posted: 21 July,all,Almighty Bagel,Beautiful and immersive.
76561198002733902,Recommended,291650,33797892,Posted: 25 July,all,Skubbs,"So, this review is for those of you who are here because you want to know about the game rather than hear people cry...This is a top down (almost diablo 2'esk view) RTS that plays like D&D. There are a ridiculous number of ways you can play this game. You can drop the difficulty and set your party to ""AUTO"" to breeze through fights while enjoy an intriguing dynamic story line. OR you can crank it up and micro manage your way through the challenging and rewarding battles. You can play as a rogue and sneak your way around conflict while robbing everyone blind... or strike out as a paladin and establish a place for yourself surrounded with honor and glory. I would say for any D&D or Tabletop fan this is a must play!-Skubbs"
76561198324192922,Recommended,291650,33875197,Posted: 29 July,all,Bezdnic,"Thank you, Obsidian. You created the best RPG in the world! Waiting for the next journey. :)"
76561198127720270,Recommended,291650,33981983,Posted: 2 August,all,zacktly,Lurve thurs gurme.
76561198048791724,Recommended,291650,34747049,Posted: 4 September,all,moenmikal,"+ A non-voiced protagonist+ Good rpg elements ( you can play as anything you want to play as, and there are many different dialogue options )+ Good character creation+ Good lore+ Good world building+ good Dialogue system+ Good story+ Good characters+ Good music+ Good dlc+ You can be a good guy or a bad guy or anything in-between+ There is a story mode ( for people who just want the story, and want the combat to be easy )+ There is a fast mode ( move around the world faster, and fight faster )+ There are many difficult morally grey choices+ There are many times you can talk your way out of situations rather than fight+ Stats and or your alignment/reputation matter in conversations and in the text adventures+ Text adventures and the things you can do in them+ The reputation system+ There is a large amount of good loot in the main quest and in the endless paths ( meaning you can skip the side quests if you want to )+ A decent amount of unique items and weapons- Weird start- Combat is not for everyone- The game ends after the main quest, and it doesn't make sense to do the dlc and side content before the main quest- To many enemies to kill ( i wish there had been more ways of getting money and loot than just killing everything )- Mostly boring loot ( mostly because of the fact that there is too much loot in the game )"
,Not Recommended,291650,32525828,Posted: 17 June,all,AncientToaster,"The game keeps getting more expensive, yet it was released over two years ago.Not only is this a stupid marketing tactic to make money on sales, but the game itself wasn't even that good. It tried to be a worthy successor to Baldur's Gate and failed in every conceivable way.1. Poorly written characters2. Generic fantasy world and story that we've seen iterations of before numerous times3. Combat is horrible executed, ""real time with pause"" nonsense but at release the AI companions had NO AI! It was such a broken piece of crap. You spent more time paused issuing commands to your teammates than you were actually watching the battle unfold. It's a clunky mess that takes the flow out of the game.I put almost 70 hours into this game waiting for it to get better and I decided to shelve it forever after I wasted my time, and money, on this piece of garbage."
76561198173281573,Recommended,291650,34349939,Posted: 19 August,all,Over-Kill-is-Me,"loved the game . first play thro .. great ,, 2nd time had to buy the DLC.S  .. a bit pricey but well worth it.."
76561198080260978,Recommended,291650,35154711,Posted: 23 September,all,MrJigglyJuice,"This might be hard to get into for people new to a party based rpg game. But if you're a fallout new vegas fan, and you don't mind reading text here and there, then you'll love this game. Highly addicting gameplay after 5 or so hours put into it. Take your time and have fun with this one gents."
76561198101868099,Recommended,291650,34276833,Posted: 16 August,all,ET,"65% Positive.It's missing something, but overall  I would reccomend it to who like the genre."
,Recommended,291650,34772736,Posted: 6 September,all,Solo Gunslinger,"True BG descendant, lots of lore and fantasy. I like it. Still waiting for the second chapter."
76561198005395632,Recommended,291650,34737969,Posted: 4 September,all,archphoenix,This. Is. Sooooooooo goood!!!!!!To elaborate - if you are a fan of BG series - this is a game for you :)
76561198026767052,Recommended,291650,35146282,Posted: 23 September,all,jared.fath,Best isometric I've played since Baldur's Gate. Great take on a classic style of RPG.
76561197970563890,Recommended,291650,35153069,Posted: 23 September,all,marcur,"A true masterpiece of the genre,  a must have for everyone  slightly interested in RPG."
,Not Recommended,291650,31023269,Posted: 8 April,all,Sergey Palyanov,"For a game which tries to look like one from the past it doesn't look half bad. The best part of the game is the setting, the world. Soul cycle, the whole pantheon of gods, factions. This is deep and it is what made me to overcome all the negatives. Which are plenty.Bad balance, for instance. Before entering to next chapter you most likely will see a popup stating that your party is too high level for the rest of the game. Battles are exactly the same, no diversity in tactics to use. Skills are so dull, it was painful every time I had to level up a character - it's just impossible to choose a good skill since they are all bad. Except for heal, always take heal.And bugs... Game crashes so many times, expecially in Chapter 4 for some reason. Also, the longer you play, the longer some actions take, like entering level up screen and clicking any button there.I played every single game on Infinity Engine, I like them a lot. This game has failed to appeal like one of them. But it tries so hard, it even has location that is blunt rip-off of Watcher's Keep from Baldur's Gate 2: Throne of Bhaal, but far less interesting. Like everything else.Sorry, Obsidian, but this is huge step back in comparison to Neverwinter Nights 2."
,Recommended,291650,26529246,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Bearded Vagabond,Can Obsidian ever do wrong?
76561197993226678,Not Recommended,291650,15191901,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,NextGame,"This could have been a great game, worthy of the baldurs gate mold. Unfortunately:1) It turned out to be a buggy mess,2) Obsidian have been found to be lacking in integrity by changing a users paid for content on the basis of a complaint by a hate campaigning twitter user.3) Undocumented content changes (excluded from patch notes)."
76561198050613992,Not Recommended,291650,16484965,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Jesse Lalonde,"To be clear, I'm not recommending it at full price. Get it while it's on sale. I wanted to like this game, I really did, but after 23 hours of play I can't say that I'm thrilled with it. I'll probably keep playing it but I wish I hadn't paid full price for this game.+Classic RPG feel, great for nostalgia purposes.+Rich lore, if you're into that.-Reading. Lots and lots of reading. I love RPGs but even for me this was a lot to swallow, especially if you're replaying the game a few times while trying different classes out.-Uninteresting characters and plot. Several hours into the game I don't really care about any of my companions or the plot. I don't feel strongly connected to the world or the people in it.-It's difficult. I'm the kind of person who prides myself on playing games on their hardest difficulty, but in Pillars I had to shamefully lower the game difficulty to the easiest setting.-Lots of waiting for characters to run from one part of the map to another, waiting for loadscreens then running back to another location, then engage in a short battle, and repeat."
,Recommended,291650,15078788,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,k4cn3p,"Заходишь в игру, а она дышит классическим D&D. Сальваторе, Долина Ледяного Ветра и врата Балдура. Идеальное музыкальное сопровождение, отличная прорисовка и полный набор ролевых составляющих. Прощай, мир, я ушел в Великое Путешествие.И вам советую"
76561198022820771,Not Recommended,291650,15180950,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,SocioPsycho,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j2fJHAUb5BgThis is a summary of my review video, which I encourage you to watchif you are looking for a more in-depth review.Pillars of Eternity is a nostalgia filled game in the same vein as Baldurs Gate, a top down RPG adventure. To start out, the options menu and control menu both have a lot of options to make the interface and game experience personalized, which is a great thing to see.  Graphically the game looks good, and has it's own atmosphere, which is nice. The game suffers from quite a few little bugs graphically, whether it be minor things like a dead enemies powers still triggering, or more annoying ones like debuffs that are supposed to last through a battle lasting even after I left the zone and rested in an inn. A detail list of more bug issues is in the video review.The game also suffers from an excess of loading screens. From entering a house to going to another room in the house, and to another floor of the house, this coupled with the fact that the longer I played the game, the longer the loading screens were. This really breaks the immersion, and is disheartening the more you play.The character creation is very well done, with lots of customizable options, and a great number of characters and styles to choose from, sadly no dual class system through. You also have the option to create and customize your entire party as you progress through the game, allowing you easily to play with six fully custom made characters.The interface for the most part is sleek, with some customizable options, which is nice.  It offers an option of a stash, where you can put all of your gear. I really enjoy this option, because it makes the selling of items really simple. As a loot ♥♥♥♥♥, this is one of the best systems for gear and items that I have ever come across. The quest log is fairly well organized, and the game offers a Journal feature that literally provides a written account of your adventures, as though you were in a grand novel.Visually, the level design is well done, but upon closer examination of the map, you see that the world is not that large, and the pathway to get through the world is fairly linear and limited in where you can travel to. Within towns and cities, the exploration is limited as well, as you can only explore homes and buildings that directly relate to the story line. This takes away from a sense of adventure never allowing you to wander yourself into loot or trouble.The crafting system is simplistic, and while it's not a feature I enjoy, it is necessary if you play on a harder level.It also offers an enchantment feature, where you can craft and enchant items and better your weapons. You are limited in what you can chose, which some might find disappointing. It's more like a starter kit rather than an in depth crafting system.The story doesn't really connect with the atmosphere and graphics of the world. The story is written more like a book than a game. Each encounter comes with story text, that is elaborate and over detailed.  Over and over again as you come across an event, person, or story driven device, you have to read about useless details such as the dew that glistened on the leaves in the early morning dawn. While this may be enjoyable at first, it becomes more of a tedious reading experience than a bonus to get through the game. Twelve pages to talk about one event. If you want more detail and in depth environment, the atmosphere should reflect this visually, not pages of reading. In spite of the extra details in the dialogues, the characters and villains in the game feel weak and extra. There is no weight behind your actions. If I slaughter an entire village, there is no consequences such as being ambushed by those seeking vengeance. It still feels like you are fighting against mundane mobs instead of affecting change in the world around you. The characters lack personality or depth. They are hypocritical in their beliefs; their actions do not support their words. Unlike BaldursGate, where you had the option to go through dialogue with the option of leaving to battle something else and coming back if you got tired, here you have to read all the dialogue, complete the task that is required, then come back for more dialogue before you can continue in your adventure.The combat comes down to experience more of which is by completing quests than by killing enemies. You only acquire experience by killing a certain number of a particular enemies, at which point you stop gaining experience at all after you kill X amount of them. The problems is that you come across many, oh so many of each opponents. It is annoying to have to continue to fight the same enemies, but not gain any experience, as humanoids of any kind never give any experience is just down right annoying as it wastes your time. The loot isn't all that amazing, and you stop gaining  experience, so what is the point of killing these beasts?  The amount of experience you gain is also scaled by the number of people you have in your party, which is poorly designed. If you want to distribute the experience gained but not have a in depth gain vs party member, it should be equally split between the members, they discourage playing with anything less than six party members as you get less Xp not more. You have an 'Awakened' soul, but your Awakened status adds little to no extra abilities to your character. You do not feel special in this game, sure having a fear style ability may be nice as a melee DPS but as a healer or ranged worthless. It does not customize to your class.Each character has two health bars; health and endurance. This becomes more annoying than useful, as your character will naturally develop a higher level of health than endurance, but in battle it is your endurance that is drained 30x faster than your health. Once your endurance is depleted, your character is knocked out and useless, even if they still have a high level of health. There are magic spells, armor, weapons, buffs, and some natural race abilities that heal endurance levels through out combat. Yet they are still drastically lower than your health level, to the point where your health levels become unimportant. Having a tank character becomes essential, as the rest of your party can be easily one shot if an enemy gets to them. Beasts that are summoned with high defensive health numbers become almost pointless. As their low endurance numbers guarantees that they will be knocked out easily, for a creature with 400 health will be out due to their 70 endurance. Instead of balancing the damage taken versus the health you have, or adding tactical depth where people must have supplies to survive a dungeon, all you have to do is sleep and all your health points are restored. You have a camp kit and sleep whenever, and where ever needed, without the danger of ambush. There is no risk to your characters, or a need to prepare for a battle, as the threat of death is next to none, failure sure, death no. The combat becomes repetitive and disappointing. It limits your choices so far as gaining experience and getting low quality loot that I lose the desire to fight.Each magical class had their own set of spells, (mages focus more on control and aoe damage, druid's debuffs the enemy and buffs the tank, priests are good for protecting the entire party, and ciphers focus on mental spells to confuse or control). Despite this, their class spells still felt too balanced with each other, with no impactual roles where having a particular class would give an advantage to a certain situation.I wrote more but Steam seems to have a limit to how much can be said so note, this is a summary of my review video, which I encourage you to watch if you are looking for a more in-depth review.Thanks for your viewership and support; for more videos click here:http:/www.youtube.com/user/SocioPyscho"
76561197991955793,Not Recommended,291650,15526010,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,shiny bidoof,"Somewhere out there on the internet are a set of composite images featuring the blended, averaged faces of thousands of different humans, male and female. Unsurprisingly, the composite faces are extremely plain and forgettable - placid eyes, neutral semi-smile, medium-brown unblemished skin.The writers appropriated many stock fantasy tropes in creating the world for this game, but they didn't do it in piecemeal fashion - a daub of Tolkien here, a splash of Forgotten Realms there. Instead, it feels like they grabbed every fantasy setting they could get their mitts on, crammed them into a Blendomatic, and hit Frappe. The result is sort of like those composite photos. Everything's been so averaged and smoothed over that you can't even recognize the specific source material any more. All you can tell is that you're in a fantasy setting. That's it. You can tell because there are tall people and short people, and a lot of them have names you've never heard before, and some of the people have swords and shields and others of them cast sparks out of their fingers sometimes.There are a lot of words in this game. A lot of lore, a lot of history, a lot of dialogue. Reading is great! I love reading, generally. But reading in this game is like reading the ingredients list on a packet of saltines, or like reading a patent for a new kind of chewing gum wrapper, because the source material is just as bland. I've played for over 20 hours (trying to squeeze my money's worth of fun out of this particular stone) and not once did an element of the world strike me as interesting; not once did I want to explore any more of the dialogue or of the in-game texts than I had to. Compare this to a game like PS:T where I was hooked from the moment I woke up on a cold slab in a transdimensional mortuary and a floating, foulmouthed skull started gabbing at me and I stayed hooked, spellbound, and wanting more until the credits rolled (and then I still wanted more) (and I've played that game again, quite recently, and it's still as compelling as the first time I played it).It was said in another review that the game feels like it was made by people who hate the genre and hate its fans. I have to concur. They say never to attribute to malice what can be explained by incompetence, but I feel the blandness of this game goes far beyond anything anybody could come up with on accident - it genuinely feels orchestrated, premeditated. A bunch of jerkholes in a board room somewhere drummed their fingers together like Mr. Burns, cackled a dry, rasping, collective cackle and set themselves to the business of creating the biggest ""♥♥♥♥ you"" of a fantasy setting that the genre has ever seen.There are negative things to be said about the combat, the music, the voiceovers, the special snowflake kickstarter NPCs, some other miscellaneous gameplay and HUD elements... but why bother? The soul of the game is missing: who cares if the body is flawed as well?The only positive thing to say about it is that the prerendered backgrounds are very pretty. I think that's about it, and it's actually amusing that most of the positive reviews start out by warning people who want sexy graphics to seek out a different game. In reality, the graphics are the only thing PoE has going for it."
,Not Recommended,291650,34399545,Posted: 21 August,all,Rob,"On paper, at least, I like Obsidian, but between this and Wasteland 2 I've given up on them when it comes to anything but Fallout. Progress in this is slower than sinking in quicksand, and there's no meaningful sense of progression anyway. The stronghold seems like a tacked on extra because the kids today love their crafting and upgrades, so why not cram that in. Most of the dialogue is unvoiced, which means most of the time spent ""playing"" is just reading walls and walls of text. In between the generic and uninteresting fantasy locations you can enjoy loading screens that take way longer than the 1998-ish graphics of the game can possibly justify. Apparently it's a problem with the engine or something? Either way, when it takes more than 30 seconds to open a door and go outside, I'd much prefer to open a door and go outside in real life rather than keep playing this. There's probably something good in this game, but it's buried under so much boring and generic fantasy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that it's not worth digging down to find out."
,Recommended,291650,15063209,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Corkest,"Great game, Nice old rpg feel. 10/10. Also has developer commentary you can listen to as you play, if your into that."
,Not Recommended,291650,15393405,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Teddy Bear,"*long defeated sigh*Where do I start? This game is so lacking on so many fronts. The story is average. The lore is- I cant stress this enough- GOD AWFUL. It actually manages to be cheesier than D&D while trying to be mature like A Song of Ice and Fire. The dialogue is cringeworthy more often than not. The characters are so uninteresting its almost like the game is trolling you. Like ""TRY TO REMEMBER THESE CHARACTERS MUAHAHAH.."" Literally I only remember the Cleric's name and its because I commited it to memory. The others basically boil down to race and class, lacking any semblance of being interesting. Dont even get me started on the combat system. The Chanter in my party and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat music annoy me to no ♥♥♥♥ing end-and thats the least ♥♥♥♥♥♥ part. The combat is a♥♥♥♥♥dumpster of AoE spells. All spells are boring as ♥♥♥♥ and uniteresting. And no Epic Lootz! You will never find an item that really stands out. Sure there are Uniques but I want magic swords n♥♥♥♥♥♥from dragons not lame crafting mechanics. Thanks for giving me no incentive to explore. It all feels like logic over gameplay. Take this from an avid gamer who has played Baldurs Gate, Pillars of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and everything in between. BG puts this to shame, they are not even comparable. I wonder if Joshua Sawyer isnt the problem? Did you see what he did to New Vegas? That game was horrendous. Yet Fallout 3 is one of the best games ever made.."
76561197992618444,Not Recommended,291650,15587142,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,ZoddTheImmortal,"Pillars was a colossal disappointment for me. Doesn't even hold a candle flame to Baldurs Gate for PC where your decisions actually mattered and your party would abandon you or fight you if you did something they didn't like. Hell your party would even fight each other! The alignment system was awesome and you could use ""sense evil"" (if you had it) to find of who's evil or good. Plus the game didn't hold your hand. Your weapons could break and you couldn't carry every single thing you found. I'm so ♥♥♥♥ing disappointing in Pillars. The dev's should be ashamed of them selves for hyping it up the way they did. Just a marketing ploy and I fell for it."
76561197993638431,Not Recommended,291650,15329354,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Ninety-Three,"Combat is just. So. Boring. You have one or two boring one use per encounter activated abilities, and after that, line up your dudes against their dudes and watch them basic attack until you win. And it's not quick either, I finally quit the game after realizing I had spent an entire sixty seconds just watching my party trade basic attacks with some random baddies.There's more to say about the game, but that should be all you need to hear. An average fight where I spent sixty seconds watching people exchange basic attacks, while providing no input to the game."
76561198007345582,Not Recommended,291650,22053571,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,elstar_tomas,"The game is a nice concept, the story fills it's purpose and reacts reasonable to your choises, but the combat does a lot to annoy the player. The problems comes from both a weak team AI forcing you to baby sit your team(6 charaters) on higher difficulties and game mechanics that removes the player from the game.The following is some feactures that bugged me:The characters path finding is bad and in the base game there are a lot of corridors and your team tend to stand in the way of eachothers forcing you to manually move several memebers just to get your one team member a little closer.The AI is bad on using casters spell meaning if you like to optimize your combat you need to cast every spell and if a carater is interuppted they forget what they where doinging and you must give them the order again. This is espiceilly true against enimeis that likes to take over the control of your characters, when you get back the control they often has switch weapon on them and forgot any orders meaing you need to do a lot of clicks to get them back in the combat. I not really found of mechanics that say you are not allowed to play the your characters for 10 seconds or more. luckily I have not seen a combat where there was enough casters to take over more that half my team at once. Ofcause there is protection against it in the the game but to get temporary immunity it's rather high level and wears of in long fights.The enemy AI is also bad, they like targeting the character with lowest HP independet if it is the biggest threat or not and can somtimes be so desperate so they run around infront of your front line tryinging to get to your Wizard if there path are blocked. There is no real teamwork. You may end up thinking just if I controlled the enemies I would crush the player.The game has an engating system where a melee character can engage an other enemy and if the enemy moves you get a free hit. It is a nice concept but the enemies has to much HP to care of the hits and are usually more than you so if they move they get 1 hit while if you move you get 5. Resulting in that they run around as they please, you don't (unless you body block them as in other games).I like to optimizing and micro but it is to much micro for the control you get in this game. Technically you could play at a low difficulty for the game to be more forgiving and just attack move to victory without the need for fancy AI, but than the combat would be boring instead of aggrevating. The story is not good enough for that.It may be becuase I'm older now and have higher demands than when I played Baldur's gate 2 but it still feels it could/should have been better, at least not aggravate or bore the player playing it."
76561198094563091,Recommended,291650,15063147,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,IamNoob,"Enjoying alot, reminds me of the classics .Included with great story, stellar combat, and great level design. Overall  fun interesting and so many choices that effect the story. Reccomend"
,Recommended,291650,15118277,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Devnant,You must gather you party before venturing forth!
,Not Recommended,291650,34389829,Posted: 21 August,all,Dreadleif,"The main problem with this game is the game world. This game suffers from a fundamental misunderstanding or confusion about the nature of reality, and humanity.While games like Fallout 1 and Baldurs Gate had you meeting selfish, brutal, tribal, petty and often racist characters, PoE is devoid of all that annoying ""humanity"". Instead, you're in a weird, cramped, sterile world where everyone is a sexless meat sack floating through the universe, just waiting for the next piece of loot or some superficial companionship.If you have any heart, you'll feel a weird emptiness after playing PoE for a few hours. It's as if something is missing. The strings in your heart are not only silent - they're aching for something to move them. Like a mad person locked in a padded cell, behind a screen of dissonance. How could everything be so beautiful, yet have no meaning?The emptiness you feel, is post-modern nihilism. This game is ripe with it. In a way, it perfectly reflects the lack of meaning and true feelings in modern society. Where is the honorable soldier who sacrifices his reputation, and himself, to uphold the principles of his people? Where is the alpha male slaying the beta in front of your eyes to encircle and ridicule your altruistic, feminine core?*NO ONE BELONGS. NO ONE SACRIFICES. NO ONE FEELS. PILLARS OF MODERNITY.*"
76561197970861139,Not Recommended,291650,19365315,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Anrita,"This game has an interesting setting and mechanics, and for RPG enthusiasts, it's definitely worth a try.  But, I regret buying it, and would suggest you use caution before making a decision to do so.  Obsidian modified the game in response to criticism from social justice warriors, and is promptly shutting down discussion of the effects of social pressure on the game industry in their forums, even when such discussion is done respectfully and in full compliance with their terms of use.  If, like me, you have a moral issue with financially supporting a company that engages in such business practices, I'd encourage you to borrow this game from a friend to see what it's about and avoid actually making a purchase."
76561198043494230,Not Recommended,291650,15238151,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,JustSomethingToDifferentiateMe,"I'll give this one thumbs down, since I found the plotline to be ultimately somewhat uninspiring combination of the main plot elements of past infinity engine CRPGs. That is, even though the game features a original fantasy storyline setting combining technology(animancy, guns, trading republics) with magic and living gods. Excpected more from this. Good for some 20-30 hours of gameplay. The remaining 10-20 hours were, just ok.Though the game offers various endings and different playstyles, completing the game a second time doesn't appear very appealing as choices seem to have very little effect to the main storyline while you're playing the game. This also diminishes the appeal of the sidequests, since completing them doesn't seem to have that much effect in the course of events. Apart from securing the loyalty of your companions. Of course the game epilogue describes the effects of the PC characters benevolent/rational/malevolent rampage through the gameworld and the results of your mandatory final decision after the mandatory final showdown with the villain.Basically from mid second act onwards the game started to get progressively more boring process of completing these vacuous sidequests. So instead of completing all the sidequests and companion quests, I opted to follow the main questline to finish immediately. Some of the combat oriented sidequests, like the old nua dungeon crawl, basically were mostly just boring from the get go. The stronghold around it basically seems like a money sink for surplus cash designed to appeal to the homeowner inside us. As far as I can tell, it lacks any real use ingame, and requires constant monster managing caretaking on part of the player."
76561198016967124,Not Recommended,291650,17477203,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Iain1980,"I just can't get in to it. I tried, I really did but I can't do it.It's just a bit... boring and plodding. I don't mind boring, I play Football Manager for Pete's sake, but this just didn't grab me.I downloaded it and stuck with it for about 6 hours, not touched it since. I just can't summon the energy to try.I thought it looked great, read some reviews, looked forward to playing it. Alas, it's not quite as great as they all say.I may give it another go one day (probably when being outside in the real world is less exciting) and try and like it.Then I'll update my opinion."
76561198080820703,Not Recommended,291650,31422621,Posted: 28 April,all,Kami,"i'd like to say this game is well designed, but frustratingly it feels to me like it both obviously is and yet isn't. and it'll entirely depend on what you'd like from an RPG. the combat for this game is for very much the hardcore players and offers very little for a casual approach. the game itself admits this at the opening stating clearly you ""REALLY SHOULD"" play on easy difficulty. and even on that mode it gets extremely difficult. as the difficulty pacing can spike randomly. sometimes you'll breeze through areas and enemies, other's you'll get annhilated in a few turns. the main problem you might have with this is the sheer complexity of the amount of spells/stats/attributes you're supposed to know.its a shotgun approach to introduction & learning.i won't go much into that as i can't complain about difficulty as that's what some players love, but there it is.but the real reason i personally have to give this game a thumbs down is how absolutely slow and boring the story is which perfectly reflects the incredibly overcomplicated stat game that everything else is. (plus the fact that EVERY DOOR & STAIRCASE is a loading screen) which just increases a feeling of tediousness of it for me.by act III and going on 50 hours of play time i have officially given up caring. throwed it on story mode difficulty and hit that fast forward time button and skip all dialogue."
,Not Recommended,291650,15877270,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Bomb,"Maybe I don't appreciate old school CRPGs enough, but this game really started to wear on me.The character builds and combat I found essentially uninteresting.  The enemies were all bog standard.  Except for killing things I didn't feel I could affect the world in any way.Positives include beautiful level design and a fairly interesting story with some originality.  The story was the only reason I played as long as I did until the beginning of the third act.The final dealbreaker for me though was just how crash-prone this software is.  I probably experience three crashes to desktop every game session.  This issue was compounded by how long load times are (for a 2d game on static levels it should not take a minute to load each map on a gaming rig, Skyrim takes less time on start-up).  These technical issues made it less and less reqarding to experience the world.A very generoud 6/10.  7/10 f the client didnt crash all the time."
,Not Recommended,291650,23838191,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Junglevibe,"If you LOVED Baldur's Gate 1/2, then you proably will enjoy this game.  But just like Baldur's Gate, I lost interest in the game after trying to give it a chance, due to the excessive amount of reading required to understand what is going on.  You read far more than you play the game. =("
76561198000691197,Recommended,291650,15142111,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Lopeth,I cant wait to finish the game so I can immediately start another run with a different party composition.
76561198028275201,Not Recommended,291650,15585667,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,yvesp,"Yeah, I know.I did not play that much, but I will just stop playing, fully disgusted.First of all, I've played all DnD Obsidian Games since Baldur's Gate. All at maximal difficulty level. I'm hardly a noobie...So, I started a game with a mage. The intro is not too bad. Until you reach the end of it... where your two newly found companions just die. That's scripted in the scenario. You got some feelings for your newly found friends ? Too bad, the game takes them away in a most unsatisfying way!Not that fun being left alone, especially when you're playing a mage and the game doesn't provide for friendly replacements.... Everyone knows that usually, mages are not meant for corps a corps. That true here as well.But now that you're alone, you don't have a choice, do you ? But to add insult to injury, the game throws at you encounters with more than one opponent! One opponent, you barely survive. Two or more and you're dead.Possibly (doubtful indeed), you might survive playing at easy mode.But I don't feel like I should change the game difficulty setting just because I meet some trouble. More to the point, this little starting problem just means that the game is poorly balanced and hardly tested : this bodes for more frustration ahead, so I decide to stop and uninstall a game which I throuroughly regret buying."
76561198009294956,Not Recommended,291650,18338661,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Pug Life,"This game is just so damn boring. I don't know how the developers were able to continue making this game without just taking a step back and thinking, wtf are we doing. The lead developer should have just gone to the writers and said pack up your stuff and gtfo.Spoiler: The main story line is just uninteresting. It's all about what happened in your previous life and other npc's previous lives and how it affected your 'soul'. And none of it makes any difference to any part of the game. I would just be reading the history of a characters soul and after 5 mins realise that it will not influence the game at all and its just another waste of time boring♥♥♥♥♥wall of text. They could have gotten rid of all this 'soul' stuff and it would not have made any difference to any part of the game apart from making everything less tedious.And the way in which you get this special power of 'reading souls' is so underwhelming. This random thing happens where there is absolutely no explanation at all, and then you wake up with your friends dead and you can read souls. And from that point on there is an unmutable sound of souls constantly. Your main motivation of advancing the story is to simply get rid of that soul sound in the background.I feel like the writers and developers had no inspiration or good ideas. There is no point doing a 'spiritual successor' game if no one has inspiration."
76561197994483303,Not Recommended,291650,18174540,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,rwknight,"Mediocre game. Very poor story, unbalanced combat and very boring gameplay."
76561198052997168,Not Recommended,291650,17444910,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,insanedc1,"In summary, I agree with all of the negative opinions about this game. Everything being introduced in Patch 2 should have been part of the initial release. Each of those missing features really annoyed me. Also, I didn't like any of the NPCs, they were all flat and uninteresting. Moreover, not one of them was funny. I've been right at the final battle for 3 weeks, and I haven't even bothered to start the game to finish it. To me, that speaks volumes about the world and its ability to engage the imagination. It doesn't.I see a lot of comparing to the old IE games. Even with far less voiced dialog, those characters were more alive and interesting than the ones here. Dragon Age blows it completely away.Anyone who suggests that this game is without serious flaws is either lying or wearing some seriously rose colored glasses."
76561198071602985,Not Recommended,291650,15629463,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,EJF1984,"The game kinda sucks for anyone who was expecting something similar to BG II.  The first half the story is really well done up till the end of act II.  After act II everything is completely rushed and you get the feeling they just wanted to get the game development over with.  It takes you at most 1-2 hours to complete Act 3 and Act 4 is literally two different zones in the same city.The system they used is horrible.  No sneak abilities, no pre-buffing magic spells.  Wizards are there only for crowd control and they even suck at that in this game.  You also are given a fortress that serves no real purpose other than to waste coins on.  The fortress is randomly attacked by NPC mobs and you have to venture home to defeat the NPCS.  That's about it.The game is pretty boring when I think about it.  The game is also short in comparison to previous games.  The Max level is 12."
76561198032660980,Not Recommended,291650,15311271,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,shawnd_brown,"An interesting successor to Balders Gate but lacking in fun.  The gameplay, interface, and graphics are all well done.  The game is quite robust and relatively bug-free.  The ability to pause the real-time combat to issue individual commands was very helpful.  This game trys hard to tell an interesting story, but, I wasn't engaged by its story of soul manipulation, Gods then no Gods.  The NPCs and plaques built as rewards for supporters felt tacked on, reminding me awkwardly of the now ignored walkway hexagon tiles at DisneyWorld.  Clearly I'm out of practice on D&D style RPGs and even though I chose ""easy"" I found the game punishingly hard in multiple places.   Usually by leveling up a couple of levels and returning to these problem spots, I could then power through them.   Unfortunately this was not possible with the end game content (the ""Arda"" dragon and the final encounter with Thaos) as I had already maxxed out at 12th level.  So, I gave up on this game so I could try something else more engaging.  I have a hard time articulating why I found this game lacking in ""fun"" as  I greatly enjoyed Balders Gate and its many successors.    However, my initial excitement gradually wore off and playing the game became more like a chore than something I wanted to do.  Thats just my humble opinion, your milage may vary..."
,Not Recommended,291650,15970531,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,tincow,"I wanted to love it, but am not sure I'll make it through it.It just feels like a hollowed out Baldur's Gate with some modenization and some warts removed (like overpowered AD&D spells).I found the last ""second age"" of the top-down RPG, Dragon Age:Origins, much more engaging story and character wise.Can't really recommend it over playing the new Baldur's Gate re-releases or Dragon Age."
76561198044194516,Not Recommended,291650,28958913,Posted: 2 January,all,Pinhead,"2 times now I put many hours into this  game and all saves have been lost, waste of time and money!"
,Recommended,291650,31018893,Posted: 8 April,all,Grandma,You can pet dogs
,Recommended,291650,31247260,Posted: 19 April,all,Hunster,Good game bogged down by way to much text. Besides that it's pretty damn solid and fun.
,Not Recommended,291650,16816310,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,[PhD] Tyburn Dancer,"IWhile the game is generally good (provided you enjoyed Baldur's gate, planescape etc) it is terribly buggy.In particular, despite the supposed minimum specs, it is unplayably unstable. The game crashes systematically after a few load screens. The developpers have been aware of this problem for months and have not bothered to fix the problem.Do not recommend!"
76561198002554471,Not Recommended,291650,17692782,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Swirling,"I really liked this game, which may sound odd, because I wouldn't recommend this game for people to buy. The unfortunate reason for this is because there's a bug that doesn't allow you to access your save files in game, making the game unplayable. I've tried out all the suggested solutions to this problem that I could find, after searching online for 2 hours, but nothing seems to work. Hopefully this review prevents people from spending their money, playing many hours of the game, then not being able to get a refund on that basis. If Obsidian ever patches this issue, I would change my recommendation."
,Not Recommended,291650,18599052,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,General Lee Aroused,"Not that great of a game to play unless you're riding on the coattail of nostalgia from playing Baldur's Gate, which I didn't, meaning the game was pretty stale and confusing for most of the ride. I'd recommend Divinity Original Sin over this if you never played Baldur's Gate and have no real sense of attachment to old archaic style of RPGs."
76561198173986850,Recommended,291650,17734278,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,dixon sider,"Its a RPG without waypoints, enough said. 10/10"
,Recommended,291650,32432937,Posted: 15 June,all,koil,"Excellent game, good replay value."
76561198028771415,Recommended,291650,32872051,Posted: 27 June,all,shuz,10/10
76561198032891024,Recommended,291650,33004370,Posted: 29 June,all,Jorg,"Great game, great deep story. A little demanding for your computer - considering the genre, but looks great! One of the best games of 2015, if not the best!"
,Recommended,291650,33409379,Posted: 9 July,all,Herblin,"This game is Amazing, the devs at obsidian are amazing and built a great RPG.  Probably one of the best things I've played in a few years.  Take note that the negative reviews are mostly price based (Obsidian got roped into a publising  deal with Paradox)  I don't think this is a $50 game at the moment being several years old.  But definitely worth picking up on a sale or something."
76561198017317574,Not Recommended,291650,24171726,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,mizume,"Incredibly frustrating difficulty progression.  It's open world, sure, but you had better love running across fights that will end the whole party within the first couple hours of gameplay which are obviously (with hindsight) meant for the player to come back to at later levels.  Nothing as much fun as dying over and over again a couple hours after starting a game.  A dungeon in the first town?  Of course!  Better not plan on going through it when you first stumble across it on your first playthrough, wait what?  Many other areas just like this throughout the game.  Looking for game content is like walking across a mine field.  Maybe the fight will be safe.  Maybe you'll get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you.(yes I know how to play these games and have been playing them since the 90's)The lore seems very in depth which is great.  They've created a very interesting IP here.Bad pacing can be just as bad as a bad story or bad controls, and this game has bad pacing."
76561197999086808,Recommended,291650,19315429,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Kr152,"Beutifull graphics, music and story!Whats not to like? (except the loading times)"
,Recommended,291650,19860239,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Croy,"If you like good stuff, this is probably a match for you."
,Recommended,291650,22391289,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,KOPA,It is a fun game but not as great as BG2
76561198031839928,Recommended,291650,32775675,Posted: 25 June,all,Dreadnaut40000,"A rollback to the golden age of RPGs! I can't over state how much fun I'm having playing this game. Deeply story driven, exploration oriented and just loads of fun to play. A must have for old school RPG gamers!"
76561198089164172,Recommended,291650,33838909,Posted: 27 July,all,evildeadashash,There is no need to dump all over this game. Games shifting prices are just part of the territory and are as expected- annoying. THE GAME itself is amazing. Its enchanting and wonderful. From the sweeping sound track to mechanics and story. One of my favorite games of all time. If you dont like the price-wait..there is a sale every couple of days out of the month
76561198007623421,Not Recommended,291650,28339823,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,David,"I really REALLY wanted to love this game. I've been a big fan of IE games since the very beginning. This game is boring, grindy, and many of the classes are simply not fun. For me the worst offense is setting most of the conversation options in the game to be based on very high, very specific, attributes. This means if you want to pull the maximum story value from the game you only really have one or two classes to pick from and only one role, tank. A real missed opportunity here.Buy Tyranny instead. The world there is not as deep, but that game is actually fun."
76561198184340653,Recommended,291650,24714883,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,dzagal,Excelent game!
76561198034704404,Not Recommended,291650,24203145,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,subspace1011,"Pillars of Eternity is a great game, that is, until you get to the beginning of Act 3 when all of the drama of the first 2 acts completely fizzles. It's a bit of a let down. The quests during Act 3 become tedious and uninteresting, and even unnecessary. If you've done all the other quests in Acts 1 & 2, you can beat the game by doing just the main quests in Act 3 (you should be around level 12+).Many reviews say that this game harkens back to the old Baldur's Gate games, which in my opinion were amazing. Unfortunately, it seems like those reviews were written by people who only played the game to get a ""feel"" for it, and not those who played it all the way through.The gameplay is pretty good though, and while I like receiving xp from quests, it seems like the game punishes those players who just want kill things. A mix of xp from monsters and quests would be better in my opinion.Another weird thing is the voiceovers. While the actors do a good job of conveying the text, it's strange and a bit jarring when a block of text comes up that explains how a character feels, and you're trying to read that as the VA speaks what comes after the text. For example, you might see ""Aloth slumps in a chair while quickly scanning the room."" He says, ""I don't understand."" but when the block of text appears, the voiceover is already saying, ""I don't understand"" while you're reading ""Aloth slumps..."" It's very strange and removes the intended effect of the story.Overall, POE is just ok. I can't recommend it because of the 3rd Act, but if you're looking for a game to tide you over for the summer that tries to mimic the old Infinity-based cRPGs, then this game might be for you."
76561198102257239,Not Recommended,291650,18324414,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Scantos74,"this would be a really good ga,e if it didnt crash every 5 minutes everytime you load a new screen"
76561197994506974,Not Recommended,291650,17513248,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,patrick.neil,"The game itself is pretty decent, but I've had it crash twice, dumping all of my save files.  The second time I was 77 hrs into the game when it decided to ""lose"" everything.  Don't waste time or money on this game."
76561198032082387,Not Recommended,291650,16985777,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Huffmagic,"It feels like you are playing a completely rennovated and re-hashed version of old school rpg's, which for many other people may not be a bad thing. For myself, I found the game to be almost impossible to get invested in. The battle controls forcing you to pause and select each action to fully utilize your team made progression painfully slow and took away from what is an incredibly beautiful and deep mythos and world.If you loved spending hours watching your team from a birds eye view, and want to be reminded of the glory days of dos run games, then this is the title for you. I can't say I enjoyed it however."
76561198024095147,Not Recommended,291650,17975430,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Oliver Sudden,"If you haven't already played Baulder's Gate and loved it from years long past, DO NOT BOTHERI didn't.Hate it. I played for a few hours, got a party went to a dungeon super early game on normal and got obliterated, Reloaded 4 times and got roflstomped.You can't manage the AI in your characters like Dragon Age or Mass effect so that they at least don't stand there. You MUST constantly pause the game.Furthermore, there are no in-game tutorials. That's been said in other reviews, but the point just isn't made well enough. Too many things make NO sense.The  Bard just doesn't make any sense. You have to sing songs, but you can't tell how to even get him started, no place to put the aoe of the spell/ song whatever.There's basically 2 ways you can die, regular health and energyMay as well be 2 different HP meters with 2 different ways to heal it.It sucks.If you did play Balder's Gate like I didn't, maybe you'll get it."
76561197978594312,Not Recommended,291650,18183341,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Ruzuhl/Hark,"got bored very quick, hoped it would rekindle some sort of Baldurs Gate memoriesi was a bit disappointed"
76561198015619333,Not Recommended,291650,19899115,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Wolfeyez,"While some may like the game, I did not like all the reading and the slow load times. I perfer a more action related RPG where there is less reading required.  Just my two cents."
76561198033866805,Not Recommended,291650,20165562,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,h0b0king,"I want to like this game, plenty of love was obviously lavished on it, but for me it's an ugly mess.  I mean ugly, as in the graphics (while technically proficent enough, polished even) lack any sort of artistic feeling.  The game also lacks feeling - it's a plodding sort of adventure in a perfectly vanilla fantasy world, utterly unmemorable, a place where there is minor animosity between the Tolkienesque races, the church worships some kind of crystal dragon jesus, the barbarians feel vaguely celtic, you fight slimes and spiders in the beginning, and the nobility is somwtimes evil and corrupt.  This lack of feeling or ideas would be forgivable if the game was mechanically interesting, but it's not - character creation  and leveling are a tangled mess of far too many tiny variables, with skill trees that grant minor this and that, but don't really change much, and combat was generally a sort of a clunky mess.All that said, if Pillars of Eternity had a good story, a novel game world, or fun mechanics - any one of the three - it'd be a good game.  Sadly it doesn't though, everything creeps close to decent, might even be decent, but nothing stands out making for an overly crunchy, dull looking game experience with a trite cliched story.  I really can't recommend it - maybe people who really like number crunching will enjoy the character development, maybe players who enjoy very predictible fantasy worlds and narratives will not be bored by the story, but for me it's not enjoyable."
76561198169296810,Not Recommended,291650,15739258,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,tim_buergers,"Pillars wird in meinen Augen derzeit zu hoch gehandelt. Das Spiel ist zwar optisch hübsch, die Musik ist stimmungsvoll und die Geschichte gut. Die Steuerung scheint mir allerdings hakelig, der Echtzeitmodus macht es in meinen Augen frustrierend schwer, effiziente Entscheidungen zu treffen und das richtige Ziel anzuklicken ist manchmal so fummelig, dass ich selbst im Pausenmodus Missklicks produziert habe. Ich ärgere mich, dafür stolze 42 EUR ausgegeben zu haben."
76561198129263118,Not Recommended,291650,15481788,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Zilchers,"Although I recommend this game it constantly crashes! constantly! The game its self is wonderful and ermersive, but untill the crashing problem is fixed I have a problem playing it. Every time a loading screen happens it crashes whether you walking out of a room of trying to save the game, Like I said this could be a problem on my computer but I do have a Mac that is fairly new so I feel as though it's problems in the game self. Despite that it's a great game to suggest that you buy it. ive tons of fun with it the short time ive had it!"
,Recommended,291650,31593357,Posted: 6 May,all,Jackyshadow,"This game offered everything I, a Black Isle RPG fan, ever wanted and some more. If you were and still are a Black Isle fan, this game is a must play."
,Recommended,291650,15072516,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Allexio,"Kay I passed my review from not recommended to recommended because I guess I wouldn't really not recommend it in its current state (and im tired of being hated on for my opinions)The game is definitely good, but the point of my initial review was to say that there were bugs presently in game and that in a game like this, something very small can become very big very fast. This game is like Wasteland 2. Sure it's a great game, but there were two massive patches that came to correct the bugs (including story based game breaking ones) down the line.You have been warned.Now if you cant wait and really want to play it now, then please do, its a great game :)Other than that, this game has some surprising design choices... mages can only use their spells once every rest? I dont play mage and I sitll find this a bit over-nerfed.some AoE spells or skills weirdly enough dont affect everyone in their AoE? are you telling me someone managed to dodge a flame wave while he was right in the center of it without moving an inch? (this makes sense in D&D logic, but not in actual logic, you cant just stand there in a pool of lava and roll a dice and expect to be magically unscathed afterwards, its just not possible, I understand that it makes sense for you old timers, but im a casual gamer, I play my battelfield and my portal and this makes no sense to me :/)I decided to put little weird things I found while playing the game in this, even though its pointless really.Update 0: Weapon diversityThere is a lot of weapon variety in tis game, shame that their stats are so similar. The only things that change is basically attack and reload speed. And a lot of weapons have the actual same stats.Update 0.5: Armor diversityThere is some armor diversity in the game: mainly in the whole either you get evade or you get some kind of regen, what that regen is exactly isnt really clear.Update 1: Random inventory drops.So sometimes my characters just randomly drop everything in their inventory...Update 2: Keep UpgradesThe keep has some nice and interesting upgrades.but there are two really dissapointing things with it, first, that every upgrade in the keep is money related and doesnt require any special items that could encourage people to kill the mini bosses in each area. And second that the actual upgrades do not require you to make choices which isnt really customisability but plain linear expansion.Update 3: Mini BossesOn the same note, rewards gotten from the mini bosses are a bit underwhelming (generally one fine piece of equipment... therefore not much).Update 4: Talents are underwhelmingTalents in Divinity original sin were really exciting , interesting, and all had their own uses and made every character very important to the team with abilities like pack mule, glass cannon, the smelly one (whose name I forgot), shame that what we have here are mostly plain, percentage based upgrades.Update 5: AppearanceThere are a few things to like about appearance in thi game, mainly that you can edit equipment colors (only two of them though) at any time during your play. However, please make it so that characters dont go bald when wearing thoseamazinghats you made! I made a wood elf with long hair, not some city gangster. Some seriously gorgeous hats which seem like wasted potential :/(the feathered hat, the tricorne, yes!)Also, for some reason, although weapons, helmets, capes and armor change appearance, boots do not. Why? if you're gonna do it, might as well do it completely.Update 6: CombatThis game relies heavily on quests for XP, giving nearly none for combat, which may seem unrewarding, especially since you wont really get showered with loot either, which means that combat is an option really, you can waste your time and effort to clear a zone but all youll get from it is likely one fine piece of equipment and some spider legs.Update 7: AchievementsNot only are the achievements for this game bugged/missing but there is at the moment only one and it is reserved for those who backe the game which is in itself utterly ridiculous and shameful. You dont have an achievement for backers only. It just not how its supposed to be.Update 8: Combat (2)There dont really seem to be things such as levels for enemies in this game, Im guessing a monster will always have the same stats regardless of where he is as long as he has the same name. Therefore, what the game does is try and drown you in an exceeding number of monsters or monsters that have such high resistance that you either nearly never hit them (which can be pretty ridiculous sometimes, if you can remember shooting point blank with a pistol in Wasteland 2 and missing 60% of the time, then this will feel familiar) or when you do you do a ridiculous amount of damage (yes I have managed to do multiple times 1 damage on enemies, I hope you dont like dealing borderlands amounts of damage on your victims."
76561197991325579,Not Recommended,291650,25487706,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Spook79,Didn't enjoy the battle system. I played normal difficulty. Felt very little control in the outcome. Story was ok but the battle system broke the game for me. Hard to tell which battles you could and couldn't fight too.
,Recommended,291650,15492814,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Max,Baldur's Gate has returned. Recommended for any RPG player who started at 90s or early 00s. Newer players can be dissapointed.
76561198015196479,Not Recommended,291650,30270759,Posted: 1 March,all,Terex,"This game is based on the classic DND-based isometric role-playing games, except it is more railroaded, has more convoluted but less creative character generation, and a sub-par battle system. Just giving it a quick go I admired its similarities to games like Baldur's Gate (which I love), but it adds nothing positive and takes away some great aspects of it."
76561198089175054,Recommended,291650,32549850,Posted: 18 June,all,Donuel the Daring,"My feelings on this game are mixed. It has beautiful graphics. It has sophisticated, smooth-running mechanics (many of which even make sense). It doesn't crash (at least it never has for me). And it has a lot of great ideas. It's really endeavored to be a kind of ""spiritual successor"" to past classic iso-RPGs, such as Baldur's Gate; and it does a decent job of this, at least in the combat aspect. The game is very polished and definitely professional quality.Why then don't I recommend it? I simply didn't find it fun.To me, the appeal of games in this vein lies in the story and the characters. I found the story to be very bland and uninteresting, which was made worse by the cast of incredibly bland and uninteresting characters. After meeting and traveling with all the recruitable NPCs in the game, and finding not a single one that I actually liked, I eventually settled on creating my own custom party - which basically means trading meaningless and pointless dialog for no dialog at all.One of the most annoying things I encountered was that the vast majority of in-game ""characters"" cannot actually be interacted with in any meaningful way. I understand, these are meant as a tribute to backers and supporters and such; but they actually make the game very annoying for us players. No, I don't want to reach out and touch their soul and read some totally random, meaningless fanfic... ughh... I wish there was an option to just remove them from the game. Although... that would make it seem very, very empty, since there are so few *real* characters to interact with.If none of this bothers you, by all means check it out. It's not a horrible game. I was on the fence about recommending it; but eventually decided to give it the thumbs up because the developers did create a high-quality product."
76561198138569135,Recommended,291650,19639957,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,badjoffery,"Awesome game, great compainions, great storyline, and fantastic combat"
,Recommended,291650,19350874,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Geek =-,"Very good game, reminds me Baldur's Gate.... but it is even better =D"
76561198050543954,Recommended,291650,20033236,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,BARRY ALLEN,"NOW THIS! THIS IS A GAME I LIKE! I have played many rpgs in my time but none compare to the level of old timey Infinity Engine realism that Pillars of Eternity provides. I was hooked from the charcter selection screen and have been amazed by the fact that this game is one where I actually read the dialogue and text not because I have to but because I want to. The game doesn't hold your hand and lets you find things out on your own whichI love. Buy this game, 'nuff said."
,Recommended,291650,20366227,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Nobistik,10/10 would lose my 3 weeks of christmas vacation again.
76561197968087699,Recommended,291650,17959510,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Scrow,"Yes yes, yes?Yes!"
,Recommended,291650,19561894,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Chillbro Swagins,I bought and installed this game on 11/28/2015. It is now 12/8/2015. (10 days later). I work a full-time job and sleep 8 hours a night. I am now 100 play-time hours into this game. You guys........ I think I have a problem.......
76561198051275314,Recommended,291650,15483656,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Taramaz,Лучшее что я играл за последнии годы.Сюжет 5+Геймплей 5+В лучших традициях классики Baldur's Gate.... даже местами лучше..
,Recommended,291650,15202508,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Logandary,Pillars of Eternity is a breath of fresh air that has reinvigorated my love for Obsidian as a development studio.  This game came out with less bugs than most AAA titles to date.  Much enjoyment.
76561198004312889,Recommended,291650,15192692,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Slayer Dorian,"This has been needed for a long time, over 10 years.  Not only for the fans, but the industry as a whole, and those who simply don't know any better.  There are many people out there who don't even know what a good RPG is because they either never played them at the time or are too young to have played them.  All they know are the modern AAA titles that range from terrible to slightly better than mediocre.  To those of you who fall into that category, welcome to a real RPG.It shouldn't be the case that this game is referred to as old school.  But at some point, many years ago, the industry decided that doing something different just for the sake of doing something different was somehow a good idea.  (Different just for the sake of making something different is terrible, it should only be made different if it's to better it.  You can't fix what is not broken.)  They then proceeded to fail at making good/great RPGs for over 10 years.  So this ""old school"" gameplay, to me, is just good game design that should never have ceased in the first place.  I have been saying for quite some time that all you need to do make a sequel or successor to good game is to take what made it good, maybe enhance it a little, utilize modern technology, and put in a new set of content/story.  This is what they did.It stays true to the game experience of great RPGs such as Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale even without the D&D rule set.  It is a very similar experience, and taking advantage of modern technology.  This was very well done.The rule set is pretty good overall.- The health and fatigue system is great, it's quite nice that going down in combat is not necessarily the end for that character.  Works well combined with limited camping supplies.- Skills are not affected by stats at all.  This is a level of depth that I sorely miss.  For example, a high dex character is no better at stealth than a large, bumbling character.- The armor system seems a bit flat.  It's an overly simple trade-off between attack/cast rate in combat and damage resistance.  I think there could be some more depth here.I've encountered a couple bugs, but bugs can be fixed - not a huge deal.  There could definitely be more recruitable NPCs, the selection is quite small currently.  You can create your own, but those don't have the personality and side quests that the pre-made ones do.  Perhaps on some replays I will make use of that more.It's a great game that I recommend for anyone who enjoys RPGs to pick up.  I give it a 9/10.  However, what this game accomplished - the resurrection of game experience that should never have died out in the first place, there is no rating system that could even handle such a high rating.  It is a bright ray of hope.  A hope that this is a sign of things to come.  This game proves that there is an audience for this type of experience (even though this should have been obvious the whole time).  Perhaps more developers will join in and we can have a new array of great RPGs.  That, I say without a doubt, is the greatest accomplishment here.  Well done, Obsidian."
76561198002408571,Recommended,291650,15624038,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Erguth,"A modern BG2, great story, fung gameplay and much more."
76561198256207916,Recommended,291650,19242948,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,d305d,Old school RPG very addictive and lots of fun.
76561198240230034,Recommended,291650,19124709,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,jmflan,Great game for those who enjoy turn based RPGs (although I beleive you can switch turn based off). Reminds me of the classic Baulders Gate titles. Decent story line and nice character skill/gear progression.
,Recommended,291650,22897519,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Red Pandas are Awesome,"The only problem I have with it is there's no romance system and far less interparty banter than I expected. I've heard the excuses, Obsidian, and I consider them just that.On the other hand, this is the best isometric party rpg since Baldur's Gate 2... that I can think of immediately off the top of my head, at least. You should buy it. Play it. Play it again. Keep playing."
76561197983500599,Recommended,291650,25170986,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,DVS Esquire,Awesome
76561198036350747,Recommended,291650,28642518,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,qapitan,One of the best oldschool RPGs out there. Top A narrative. Top A gameplay. Lots of hours. Lots of meaninfull quests!
76561198083795958,Recommended,291650,23748596,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Razeel Trollington,"I cannot articulate how much I enjoyed this game, so I won't try."
76561198054545363,Recommended,291650,15104563,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,dreggon,buy it.
76561198006183552,Recommended,291650,15105739,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Phatbody,Ahhhh oh RPG how I have missed thee.
76561197974009346,Recommended,291650,18591591,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Sevras,Great game. Super interesting world. Cool characters. Would recommend to those into crpgs.
76561198111125420,Recommended,291650,18569459,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,hotjassbaby,"Great game don't listen to bad reviews!  If you love old style RPGs you will love this game.  Great lore, books to read,  special items, easter eggs, beautiful world.  Cant wait for the next epansion!!!"
,Recommended,291650,18585557,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,hashimoto4life,"I've been seeing Pillars of Eternity appearing on my recommended queue for a while but put off purchasing it. I finally bought it on discount and have to say it has been thoroughly enjoyable to play.The plus:- Engaging, challenging, and deep combat with an assortment of skills, abilities, and spells. You can have a party of up to six which I really like. You can choose to micro-manage or let the AI take its course.- Pre-made characters are interesting, each one with its own story and side quest. I especially like the dialogue that happens between characters at random as you travel, almost like Dragon Age: Inquisition.- Expansive dungeons and maps that are open for exploration. Od Nua, or the 15 level dungeon is especially enjoyable. I had to come back to it every now and then as it grew harder every level.- Satisfying customization when it comes to your character and party-mates. I re-trained my characters many times just to try new things. You can do that at any inn, for a fee of course.- The availability of choices. Technically speaking, you can end a quest whatever way you like. You can be the good guy, the bad guy, or the-in-between guy. You can even kill the quest giver if you feel like it and loot all his goodies.- The writing is exceptionally good, almost like reading a fantasy novel. But beware, you will be bombarded by endless walls of text. More on that below.The not-so-plus:- I found the art style to be very dated, almost unappealing. A far-cry from Divinity: Original Sin which looks absolutely gorgeous.- Difficulty spikes. I had to push down the difficulty to Normal at one point. There were fights which were a breeze only to find the next one impossible. This game is downright hard and frustrating at times.- The writing is good, but the sheer amount of it has prompted to me to skip the dialogue on some occasions. Oh, and the voice acting is for a very small potion of what you will be reading.- The story and plot aren't very interesting.The Verdict:Overall, this game is fun and I recommend it. I have already bought the DLC."
,Recommended,291650,18558000,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Ace Rimmer,You must gather your party before venturing forth
76561197995326584,Recommended,291650,18564719,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,FknMeh,"Remember back in the day when you played Baldur's Gate and it was like, ""DudeBro, this is the greatest game ever!"" but then Baldur's Gate II came out and it was all, ""BroSaurusRex, this is the greatest game ever!"" BUT then those enhanced editions came out and we went all, ""DudeBroSaurusRex, this is the greatest game ever!"" Well now you can relive those blissful and naive single player game days of olde with the greastest thing since Baldur's Gate became enhance, Pillars of Eternity!Seriously DudeBroSaurusRex, you can thank me later..."
76561198021667294,Recommended,291650,18597287,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,EveranIllesere,"Pillars of Eternity is very good ... with strong role playing elements ... some very powerfull weopons & items .... lots of side quests .... Interesting battles to over come ! .... creating new weopons in the crafting tree is intertesting .. but you can't build overly powered weopon ... which i do like ..... the player charcters have intertesting back grounds ..... & talk to each over the time of your quest time .... the game is very hard at the start of the game ... & very challaging ... & with the add-on brings differn't tactic of battle in to play .....Pro'slovely graphics , detail quests ... over about 40+ quests & about 30+ hours playing time ... some awesome items & Weopons .. Character classes have differnt playing style .. were for example the monk class has to be hit to start build up his powerfull attacks ... were Chanter has to sing to build up points to cast spells & summon Units in to battle ....these are only a example of character classes . battles are interesting & have to be well planned .Con'sThe main Quest line .. should only take about 8 - 10 hours to do & finsh the game at level 6 - 8  level 6 with a six man team & level 8 with four man team. A six man party doing all the quest .. should just about get you to level 12 .. but you can speed this process up , by using a 4 man team & each time you level up can chanage you team around & level them up as well ........ their are few classes that are bloodly awesome (Super powerfull) when going over level 8+. The Cipter , Barbarian , Chanter & Wizard .. the other classes seam to lack behind ..... with the add-on the main quest only taken me 3 - 4 hours long .. but as i know were to go now .. i would say the main quest line would take me near to 2 hours .. the soul weopons are average .. & your more likely to use your favored weopons from pillars of Eternity ... the white forge crafting system are Crap .... The path finding system is still very poor ..& the A.I character modes are very poor to point were you are laughing your socks off as a charcter would run off to the other side of level map to fight unit .. or would stand their with three dots over their head doing no action at all....? is the A.I thinking .. how knows ......you thinking that i hate the game .....no i love the game ..& i would recommend this to players ... but ... use you own skills when battling in this game & not to use the A.I ... i think you will have lots of fun with this game & awesome battles to face .... Rating this  9/10 for role playing, 8/10 graphics ..... battles 8/10 ... funtionally 5/10 .... things to do 7/10buy this & add it ..you will love it"
,Recommended,291650,15205155,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Demisin,"This game is better than I could've imagined, I'll put countless hours into it, just after a few I already know. This is quality.I'll go with a classic pro's/con's review for the TL;DR kind of peeps.Pros:- The graphics, they're just so amazing, nostalgic...- Character Customization, it's just great... I've been sitting for minutes trying to figure out what kind of character I want.- Skills and classes, there is a plethora of skills, races and more than enough classes to delve into,- Creatures and enemies, exciting and thrilling both in lore and looks, many too...- Choices, there are so many choices you can make and the best thing... Consequences follow, positive or negative.- Companions, there are many followers to recruit, pre-made or player-made. You can even decide the color of their clothing.- Music and voice acting, this game has it all.- Effects, every move or skill has cool sound and visual fx- Re-playability, start all over again, new difficulty, new choices, different story.- Strategy, to make it through Pillars of Eternity, you'll have to plan accordingly, archers behind tanks, lure them out etc.Cons:- Difficult, the game is for intermediate players, you'll need patience, think through everything and read...A lot. (Might also be seen as a pro)- Party, you can't play alone, no lone wolfing here. You MUST get followers, or you're dead. (Might also be seen as a pro)- Could have more facial, body and hair options (IMO), not really much to choose from, still great though.- If you're behind a wall it gets somewhat challenging to follow the combat situation.Would I recommend it? Yes."
76561198007583969,Recommended,291650,15099753,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Lucius,"Simply...amazing!!!This game has raised the bar for CRPGs.Obsidian's success immensely paved the way for a new era of this classic CRPG style.I am REALLY looking forward to a sequel, expansions, etc.Thank you Obsidian. Congrats! :)"
76561198007597663,Recommended,291650,30625877,Posted: 19 March,all,david.forth,Great game buy it :-)
,Recommended,291650,15083868,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Zeks,"Well, they did ask me if i want to raise enemy levels for final area to have a challenge... but holy sh*t, THAOS, wtf?! It was completely insane"
76561198023420421,Recommended,291650,15118903,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,sajmon,"Great job Obsidian. ive been waiting for a game like this since Baldurs Gate 2.It feels like i am playing BG3, this should be enough for a review ;)"
76561197992681922,Recommended,291650,15111774,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,SirLogiC,"This game is amazing. I love the music. Character stats are not only useful, they truly give you freedom in building a character how you want them to be. Combat is challenging yet rewarding. The NPC party banter is great, feels like they are having real conversations (the ""son of a moose♥♥♥♥er"" banter still cracks me up!) The writing is fantastic. All the classes feel useful yet distinct. The player keep is fun to watch slowly build up, but also the upgrades you do are useful! Choices seem like actual choices, with actual consequences. You can give your word, go back on your word, help someone or ignore them or join the robbers. You build a reputation and people actually react to it, yet not in an overly obvious way. There is no alignment system as such, your reputation defines who you('re characters) are.This game is ruining my sleep. I'm learning to read dialogue again, after so many games where it was boring/tedious to do so. I have played BG2 through so many times. I think this will be the game to finally replace it. Gawd and then there is Torment: Tides of Numenera not too far away too. Last year had some good RPG's but I think this year we will see the rennaisance.too tired/10, will pass out again"
76561197982503928,Recommended,291650,15130931,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,crilliver,"If you ever played Fallout 1&2 and wanted more of that ""feeling of nerdgasm"" that fallout 2 was so good at delivering, this is the game to spend your bitcoins on.(as far as top down RPGs go) *IMHO*Fallout 2 > Baulders Gate > Pillers of Eternity > Everything else."
76561197980241343,Recommended,291650,15174154,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,FloopyGapples,Do it...
,Recommended,291650,15149783,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Tarrtarus,"Love this game! Definitely well worth the investment. 15 hours in and I have not even completed the first part of the main story arc and I am still unlocking new characters to join my party! I am aware some people are having issues with bugs, but I've had none yet. A very well crafted experience that will keep you entertained for many hundreds of hours!"
76561198012226704,Recommended,291650,15202644,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Lop the Doody Master,"Ok loving this game but read below.Wait untill the game gets patched and its working without the bad bugs like that damn slow bug (and i dont mean fps slow) it just loads or crashes on loading and the inventory takes a long time to change through chars aswell as equiping items which makes it very tiring and drawn out to play. I`ve played 37 hours and then got struck with a nasty bug that slows down the game.Reinstalled twice checked my drivers and still the same, so im going to wait till the game is fixed.But dont get me wrong here im gonna love this game when the bugs get fixed so i would suggest waiting till then.ok i just found out why i had a problem its hard to explain so i`ll link ithttp://forums.obsidian.net/topic/71857-game-constant-freezes-and-voice-delay/page-8check this out it helped me hope u find the game as good as i do now playing again :)"
76561198066507391,Recommended,291650,30362298,Posted: 6 March,all,imdeafsowhat,Amazing. Simple. Fun. Must own. Balder Gate+ Darkest Dungeon= this game.
,Recommended,291650,30308198,Posted: 3 March,all,@greg_gamer,"This game is not for everyone.It follows the known formula of Baldur's Gate, but it pretty much stops there. The game is too much linear for a so-called immersive RPG, and highly confusing for anyone unfamiliar with RPG systems similar to the D20 System. It does have a very high customization level for characters, but the tactical combat controlling six characters at once can be very overwhelming for newcomers. PIllars of Eternity seems more of a nostalgia trip, and if you're not one of those people who played the hell out of Baldur's Gate with friends back in the day, I recommend you playing this game on Easy.I gave it a positive score because it does have potential among its target audience. But Divnity Original Sin does everything it does a thousandfold better, is much more immersive and the combat is simply superb."
,Recommended,291650,17769277,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Hefty Ronald,yes
76561197982918615,Recommended,291650,32461193,Posted: 15 June,all,xanthia,Fantastic RPGTon's of options.The reviews don't truelly do this game justice
,Recommended,291650,32826765,Posted: 26 June,all,Beelijah,"Pillars has good combat and difficulty settings, and the strong focus on character building, storytelling, and interesting, dynamic choices makes this a great choice for anyone who enjoys story-driven RPGs"
76561197969799442,Recommended,291650,16384280,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Ham,"If you enjoy games like Baldurs Gate and Icewind Dale, this one is definitely for you."
,Recommended,291650,15063874,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Jeff Dee,I sold CS:GO Skins to buy this game. I REGRET NOTHING.12/10 would do it again.
76561198225204228,Recommended,291650,30972004,Posted: 5 April,all,jeffsee04,Great game! This is what I've been missing since playing Baldur's Gate all those years ago.
76561198021638570,Recommended,291650,31200233,Posted: 17 April,all,neMus,Refreshing return of good old RPG.Can't wait for the sequel!
76561198004161896,Recommended,291650,24891945,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,-=Tarno=-,Balders Gate clone that knocks it out of the park!I was skeptical with this game going in but it DELIVERS!Pick it up you wonts be disappointed!
76561197970326028,Recommended,291650,15230157,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Trephine,"If you liked any single player RPG ever (especially the Baldur's Gate series), buy this game.There's plenty of tactical crunch in the party-based, realtime-with-pause combat system, but the rules engine is very different to the 2e D&D system the infinity engine games were based on. It'll take some investment to learn how to build effective characters, build a party which is more than the sum of its parts, and dominate in battle. If you're like me, figuring out how all those little opportunities and tradeoffs mesh together is immensely satisfying.The content itself is dark, richly detailed and inventive enough that conversation and exploration is enjoyable; many of the books you come across in-game are entertaining in their own right. Tired and familiar fantasy tropes are refreshingly absent, and in their stead is a carefully crafted world which feels like a lot like a reimagined, magical, yet grimly historical Europe.Be prepared to do some research on the forums to work out how to capitalize on your options and figure out the combat system.Off you go."
,Recommended,291650,15245467,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,GOD EMPEROR TRUMP,Baldur's Gate on steroids.
,Recommended,291650,15227825,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Duckroll,A modern Infinity Engine game with no glaring flaws at all. If you like BG / IWD you'll like this.
76561198023307116,Recommended,291650,24873443,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Direwolf-1,"I LOVE this game, the story, the characters the art and graphics in the game, all of it feels great without feeling extremely dated.  Some people might disagree with me on that, it just feels much more user friendly than many other CRPGs.Unlike Baldur's Gate, Pillars of Eternity runs on it's own combat and mechanics systems, which means that it's purpose built to fit with the game.  I always felt that 2nd Edition D&D didn't translate so well to a video game (please don't crucify me, I love Baldur's Gate).  I mean, it's been years, and I still don't understand friggin' THAC0.  I feel like the game explains itself well and the characters and story are interesting and well pacedI realize this is a crappy review, but I feel like I can't explain it too well without spoilers.  I should add that I got this game on a  66% off sale, but I would have gladly paid full price for this title.TL;DR: If you like CRPGs with (in my opinion) a great world, story and characters, as well as a good art design, and well done voice acting, go ahead and give it a shot."
76561198010609142,Recommended,291650,15238854,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Petrophysix,"If you ever had any love for the old AD&D turn-based RPGs do yourself a favor and buy this game. It's been years waiting, and it's here. Pillars of Eternity does not disappoint, but rather improves such timeless classics as Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, and Neverwinter Nights 10 fold. The graphics, lore, mechanics, gameplay, dialogue, endurance/health system, ability to recruit new adventurers, and improve your keep, are what we've all wanted all along.This game feels as though it is designed for the fans by the developers who were the genre's greatest fans of all. As an old school and long time gamer, I'd like to thank the developers and makers of Pillars of Eternity from the bottom of my heart...It's perfect. I wish there was some way to give this game a review better than a yes or 10/10..."
76561198047630219,Recommended,291650,15096142,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,George Costanza,It's like an interactive book... with interactive massacres
76561198019387845,Recommended,291650,21258057,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,smokydragon7,"Great fun. Like playing a new Baldur's Gate, or Diablo."
,Recommended,291650,17268109,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Kierwynn,"Having never played a Buldur's Gate game, and since thats what everyone is comparing it to let me start you off with something different.Remember those games growing up that shaped who you were, perhaps you learned to read playing FF6 and Pokemon before you learned to read in school. The games that even today you can recall the story of and still feel butterflies in your stomach when you talk about them.That's what this game will be. Its deep and engaging world makes you not only pay attention to the little details and story points, but also makes you feel sympathy for the characters and the events that are taking place. In an age of flashy games with QTEs and fast paced action, this game slows you down and makes you think of strategys, defeating that ""Trash mob"" that didn't drop anything and wasn't even needed to progress is exciting, after realizing how difficult it was to overcome that battle.Theres times I just stopped, read a book, and wanted to cry. You know those books in games like skyrim which are just a waste of time to read, in this game it can be something so deeply engaging that you want to keep reading. While theres plenty of bugs (soon to be fixed with 2.0) and the games scaling may be a bit to punishing (for kids growing up in the age of call of duty, and WoW handing out epics, achievements, and free wins) this game is quickly becoming the best game I have played since Final Fantasy 7.So much so, that this is the first review longer than 1 sentence I have ever written. This game is amazing, pay full price, you will get your moneys worth in just the first 2 hours. (Not counting chracter creation!)Don't even get me started on character creation, OMG there is just so much and EVERYTHING matters!10/10 would die to first fight in tutorial again."
,Recommended,291650,15064079,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Hawthorn,"This is amazing, such attention to story and detail!  I am so happy so far!"
,Recommended,291650,15064016,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,IceatopeJiji,OMG! So much nostalgia...been playing it for a little while but I am already loving it....thank you!!!
76561198033872101,Recommended,291650,15102722,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,gabrielwinck,Just... f******... amazing!
76561197983231866,Not Recommended,291650,25387858,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,nicklovejoy,"Was really looking forward to an old school RPG, really wish I had bought something else. At least it was on sale, I would be furious if I had spend $50 on this garbage.I really tried to like it but the story is so boring, I'm just some guy running around for no reason peering into the past of completely useless NPCs that have nothing to do with anything.The are no upgrades. Except for replacing your starting armor with the first stuff you come across there is nothing else. I got up to level 4 and never came across any armor or weapons that were any better than the crap I grabbed off the first mobs I killed. This leads to being destroyed over and over again because your kit is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥.I really really wanted to like this but the mechanics are so bad, the spell and health systems are just bizarre and in the battles you never really have any kind of feeling of what is going on.Simply put it's just a hot mess."
,Recommended,291650,15064299,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,наdос,BG/icewind incarnated.
76561198050128743,Recommended,291650,33526233,Posted: 13 July,all,FlyDragonX,"""Beer!""""Where's my beer!?""""Don't forget the tip jar... m'Yer!""... uuuuHhhhh *shutters (when you hear it, you'll understand)8.9 / 10"
,Not Recommended,291650,30137508,Posted: 24 February,all,Redhunt,"It is entirely functional as a isometric rpg BUT1. it doesn't have the visual splendor and variety of Baldurs Gate 1& 2-you're consigned to basic forest, basic city and town maps, caves,  and drab dungeons. No sense of scale even if you're on top of some grand tower or if you're standing right infront of some grand machine.2. long load times due to being autosave being forced and tons of loading screens. Getting into a single room house require a load and exiting it requires a load.3. tedious conversations where they force you to read flavor text rather than showing it. Worse still it disrupts the gamer's attention on the voice acting (of which some paragraphs are left out). And if you're foolish enough to read all these Watcher' memory insights on NPCs, you will feel no fulfilment but hatred at the hours wasted.4. no urgency or purpose in the main quest. All the cut scenes purposed to get the player engaged in the main storyline does not create intrigue but confusion with single mention references and names5. no epic monsters to kill other than the typical dragons. Yawn/6. lame companion quests which brings no new dungeon to explore or loot or monster to kill. It's just busywork, indistinguishable from another mob battle.7. item management is a hassle as Stat bonuses don't stack."
76561198104387481,Not Recommended,291650,16636519,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,645577600,"Though this game can satisfy your nostalgia if you are a DND classic rpgs diehard fan, I cannot recommend this game to anyone who loves smooth game progressing because of its horrendous glitches and buyes. A LOT OF BUYS!"
76561198052968703,Not Recommended,291650,16746266,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,ztaylor88,"As an avid player of the Icewind Dale games, baulder's gate and serveral other similar styles of games it breaks my heart to say I can't reccommend this game.The reason is because regardless of difficulty level your party is always hopelessly outclassed. Anyone who has played Icewind Dale or Baulder's Gate knows to expect difficulty, however, the key in this game is to explore. Problem is if you leave the beaten path you die, if you follow the story missions you die, if you search for a place to kill low level creatures to level up or make gold you die. This game is every bit as punishing as a legitimate game of Dungeons and Dragons. The only difference is you can never get a lucky stat roll in the beginning that makes you strong enough to survive, and there is no DM to throw you a bone when he realizes that making level 1 heroes kill 5 level 10 creatures just isn't going to work.The game is a completed project that plays like a beta. It needs to be tweaked. Difficulty is fine, but it is obvious that the intent of this game is to make the player run an encounter a dozen or so times until they just get randomly lucky and make it through it."
76561198012125296,Not Recommended,291650,16986705,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Cola,"Constant crashing, full of minor bugs with ""work arounds"" I shouldn't be required to use ""work arounds"" for a finished product. I can live with playing in windowed to prevent crashes, but the mouce pointer vanishing when ever you try and target something or selecting a spell makes game play a little hard. Missing character portrates, screen flicker and random slowdows, all with ""work arounds"".As highly as this game has been reviewed I expected a greater level of QA, from the little I have been able to play it looks good, story was seamed intresting but I only know the first hour or so of it. Yet another game released before it was ready. I blame gammers more then developers, if people are stupid enough to pay money for sight unseen products we will keep getting halfassed crap like this.I want this game to be good, but I cant honestly play it long enough to find out if it is. I requested a refund, Im not willing to wait for patch 2.0 and that expantion their making. They should fix the bugs before they make EX's for this. If the patch fixes the issues I would buy it again."
76561197981682505,Not Recommended,291650,18702828,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,║▌║▌║яαsρ,"I wanted to like this game, truly I did. The idea of a crowd-funded title from an indie dev company had me rooting for a winner. But the cost to achieve fun must surpass my ability to pay. Even on standard difficulty the game was too difficult. Which spells worked? Which were a complete waste of time? The monsters were predictable, the scenery the same. I believe the story and depth to their universe were assets but not enough to overcome the boring gameplay. I'm sorry."
76561198007300400,Not Recommended,291650,19974172,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Rune CIC,"Not good at all.  Massively time consuming, repetitive and generally unsatisfactory gameplay.It is like some old precursor to Diablo, just worse.  It has a story line, sure, but too much text.Also it seems your choices have minor effects, the plot converges around a pre-set course."
76561198004630075,Recommended,291650,25689894,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Vicarious,9/10Awesome.
76561198003340520,Recommended,291650,22616579,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,NoneSmith,"Essentially its a re-make of an oldie but a goodie : Baulders Gate. Great story, new world, new monsters, a new way to play a top-down hack and slash game."
76561198124691788,Recommended,291650,22669131,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,ryehan,"Took me a while to get in too, had to choose another to porperly get in to the game but wow when i did this the game became great! great story so far."
76561198008012572,Recommended,291650,15298550,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,mrtwinn,"Okay, I feel better now.Pillars of Eternity can actually be a pretty engaging and memorable RPG once you get past its rather murderous first act. The trick is that you actually have to get past that first act; for this reason, I would not recommend playing Trial of Iron mode until you've at least familiarized yourself with the major quests up to and including your first batch of quests in Defiance Bay. The open world contains plenty of easy-to-meet mobs that can render a low-level party down into pulped-corpse slurry.That aside, there's quite a bit to make the game worth playing despite some irritating defects. There's enough character customization available to either sastify or overwhelm a min-maxing obsessive, though the most effective talents and abilities may not become apparent until you've recruited several NPCs and settled into a stable party configuration. Hobbling attacks, for instance, can be very important for a Rogue in the early game to set up sneak attacks, but progressively less so as your other characters load up on stunning, dazing and knockdown abilities. Using a two-handed weapon requires above-average Resolve if you don't want to be interrupted to death by faster-hitting opponents, and so on.Combat is reasonably well handled; older gamers reference Baldur's Gate, but the real-time-with-pause mainly makes me think of Dragon Age with more pathfinding problems- get in a fight in a narrow space and you can have a really obnoxious traffic jam on your hands. Still, you get plenty of different attacks and spells to play with, and the major boss fights can be nail-biters. Most of the rest seem like filler though; I found myself getting impatient at having to hack through yet another group of oozes/specters/trolls standing between me and the next major plot point. A smaller number of more carefully-crafted fights, with easier movement would have improved the combat end of the story a great deal.The plot is the game's real selling point. I'd describe it as a more sophisticated and thoughtful re-hash of the tropes used in dark fantasy RPGs over the last decade or two: there's a Big Bad creeping through the land ahead of you wreaking havoc while you desperately try to uncover and stop his plan in time (but not so desperately that you have to ignore all the tangential sidequests on offer.) The capital city is politically divided (you'll have to muck in relatively early) between zealots and some reasonable-ish pragmatists, an early modern mafia runs the city's crime, depraved noblemen in the hinterlands are losing their marbles, you know how it goes.Only here it actually makes a kind of sense. The Big Bad has a clear (if initially hidden) ideology and a goal beyond ""crush/kill/destroy the kingdom for the lulz"", the zealots have the ghost of a point and represent a believable response to the horrors around them, the menace to the land is subtler and far more horrifying than a mob of Orks/Darkspawn/Geth pouring over the border. Towards the end, with the big reveals and plot twists, the writing even gets sort of thoughtful.In sum: Good to great story, good characters, decent combat, weird early-game difficulty spike followed by a plateau, a few annoyances. Worth it on balance. Just don't die."
76561198171782907,Recommended,291650,20797162,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Try Again,A lot like baldurs gate. 11/10
,Not Recommended,291650,16681981,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,azelut,still bugs and it crashes often.
,Not Recommended,291650,16769255,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Withinmdot,"I was looking forward to this game and I really wanted to like it. I tried it and just didn't enjoy it. The combat felt too slow for me and I also hate the amount of stats you need to delve into in order to understand the game. I found that there were too many stats to keep track of. If you enjoy maximizing your characters by comparing stats, then this is the game for you. Graphics are great. Definitely a lot of reading. I thought managing a party of people would be fun, but it was just annoying to have to wait for them to slowly kill enemies while taking hits in turn. I didn't really delve deep enough to give a deeper review than this."
,Recommended,291650,22622939,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,KillJOE,The best thing since Baldurs Gate 2.  Amazing art design and interesting character builds bring the isometric rpg back to the forefront of gaming.Just remember.......You must gather your Party before 'venturing forth..............................
,Recommended,291650,22433000,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Socks,If you liked Planescape: Torment and Baldur's Gate then you'll love this RPG. I personally didn't enjoy the combat but if you immerse yourself in the story you'll be well satisfied.
,Recommended,291650,22538749,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,agentbinky,"With the completion of the ""Endless Paths of Od Nua"" optional dungeon, I have finished all the content in the base game of ""Pillars of Eternity"" In short: this game has all the glory of ""Baldur's Gate II"" and then some. (Granted, you don't get to turn into a god at the end, but you do get to indulge in some god-like powers.)It generally has a more well-written and insightful storyline, if a bit heavy-handed at times, although I have to say I didn't appreciate the insertion of many various ""fan-fiction"" NPC's as a giveaway to the more lavish backers of the game. Those and the various inscriptions on tombs found throughout your explorations contribute to a lack of cohesion in the game's narrative.The gameplay, however, is above excellent, verging on perfect. Spells are interesting and complement each other well, although a few, especially the dreaded ""Gaze of the Adragan"" and ""Paralyze,"" are severely overpowered. Battles require a bit more strategy and preparation to overcome, as opposed to Baldur's Gate where your general strategy was to buff up your fighters and send them rushing in to cleave heads. The classes that deviate from the traditional Dungeons & Dragons formula, like Chanters and Ciphers, are a bit disappointing, however.The number one downside to this game, contrasted with ""Baldur's Gate,"" was that I set the difficulty to the “Path of the Damned” setting which made it FAR more difficult than “Baldur’s Gate” ever was. Whereas in Baldur’s Gate you got to super powerful status around the midpoint of the game, and encountered many battles you could easily carve your way through, “Pillars of Eternity” on “Path of the Damned” is more like an endurance test, with difficult battle after difficult battle, and it wore me down a bit near the end, to the point where I took long breaks from it. However, I have to say that it made for a much more rewarding feeling once I finally defeated the final boss, and I definitely take pride in showing off my “Path of the Damned” achievement on my Steam profile!All in all, I have to give this game a perfect five stars out of five, the same as ""Baldur's Gate II"" with the ""Throne of Bhaal"" expansion."
76561198107214897,Recommended,291650,22571172,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Eärendil,"Amazing RPG. One of my favorite that I have ever played. This game is modeled after the old CRPGs of the day Baldur's Gate Planescape: Torment and Icewind Dale, but don't feel intimidated by that. I never played any of the old CRPGs back in the day and I loved every bit of this game. Great story, memorable characters, gritty and dark, great combat and very difficult, be prepared to get a little frustrated at the harder difficulties. I recommend this to anyone who plays a lot of RPGs and maybe looking for something that is a little old school, but honestly better then most modern RPGs. The Expansion is very good as well, make sure to pick it up. It adds a lot more content and a very intriguing story and new and great characters."
76561198039330088,Recommended,291650,22621358,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Judge Ted,"I grew up playing games like Baldur's Gate and this is a worthy successor of the line of solid RPG's from that era. It took a little time to get used to the different stats but once I'd adjusted I'm really enjoying the gameplay, story, feedback in terms of reputation and choices made, and the graphics are solid  for this type of game.I'd strongly recommend this game to anyone whose familiar with the genre and also those who aren't but are willing to give it a go. There is a bit fo a learning curve but once you've gotten over it you'll really enjoy yourself."
76561198043562420,Recommended,291650,24332340,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,linuxkernels,Epic RPG!!
,Recommended,291650,17174988,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,GamerLEN,"I -never- liked most of those old top-down RPGs. I tried one of the Baldur's Gate titles and I got bored after a few minutes. I tried Icewind Dale and my party got slaughtered almost immediately... so I was kinda 'eh' on the genre until I saw Angry Joe's review of it.My friend had it on his Steam account and our accounts are linked so one night I decided to give it a shot... and as I was finishing up the first act I said aloud 'Son of a ♥♥♥♥♥! When did the sun come up?!'.This game has made me totally rethink those old style RPGs that I did so poorly with and has even made me want to go back and give them another try. Given how stubborn I am when I make up my mind on something that speaks volumes about the game.What I liked:- The option to fully customize your team with several choices for race, nationality, class, and more.- A very useful crafting system that allows you to make consumable items like potions, scrolls, and so on. Early on you might be better served to sell most potion ingredients (especially if you're going with a custom party as recruiting party members at inns can get expensive), but by the endgame you'll be getting a LOT of use out of this.- A rich and detailed story set in a fantasy world that is guaranteed to draw a fantasy junkie in. I'm a huge fan of fantasy novels (special fondness for contemporary fantasy, but I like traditional fantasy too) and the huge amount of dialogue and story behind various characters around the world was something I really loved.- If you don't want to create your own custom party there are adventurers who will join you scattered across the world including a large gun-wielding chanter, an insane priest, a psychic cipher girl who seems to have lost her memory, a dwarven ranger searching for the reincarnation of someone from her tribe, and more. All these characters have fully fleshed out backstories that tie into quests for them, voice actors, and some really funny dialogue bits (I love watching Aloth and his 'alternate personality' going at it). In addition, they've added three new characters to recruit in the White March expansion set; a rather masochistic monk, a soul-infused golem of a rogue, and a gigantic barbarian woman.- During play you'll get your own upgradeable stronghold that becomes your base of operations. It really adds a lot to the game and sits atop one of the main dungeons as well.- POST WHITE MARCH DLC: They've added A.I. options for your teammates which, while they can be really annoying at first, are extremely useful. Just don't make the mistake I did and set all your guys to aggressive or else you'll find out just how suicidal Durance really is.What I didn't like:- Traps in dungeons can be a bit tricky to spot and can easily take down your party if you're not careful (sneak EVERYWHERE and keep someone with a high Mechanics score).- While the party members who you find along the way can sometimes get involved in storylines, your custom made ones cannot. One quest required a cipher (either you or this girl you meet in town) in your party to get the good ending but even though I had one on my team she couldn't do what was needed because she was a custom one.- Some of the fights can be downright punishing. The final boss of the Endless Paths of Od Nua is a stupidly difficult fight if you decide to go that route (you don't have to fight them, but that's all I'll say about that) and don't even try going up against the end boss unless your team is level 12 minimum. Mind you, if you LIKE that sort of difficulty..."
76561198130394119,Recommended,291650,18990965,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Humanity,Awesome Buy it Now.
,Recommended,291650,34300415,Posted: 16 August,all,xenrolf,"Pros:- Overarching story is great, and little snippets along the way makes the world alive- Great free post-release quests and items- Your positioning matters, and synergy is very rewarding- EXP is based on quests, not kills, so noncombat solution is worth it- Sidekicks has good quests, all of themCons:- White March content is too short- So many loading times- Spikes of difficulty here and there- EXP is based on quests, not kills, so speccing your MC as combatant is more likely counterproductive- Named sidekicks is mostly generalists - you can spec his skills but will never outmatch minmaxing custom characters- Most stat checks depends on only your stats, even though many would be logical for your sidekick to take over - and the negative debuff often apply to whole partyUgly:- Character models could be better- Battle mechanics are complex with buffs and debuffs playing major roles- Paradox Syndrome: this game is so much different than when it was released (discounting White March) you'll essentially playing like three different games each major patch- If you don't pay attention, your level 10+ party can be stomped ten seconds flat"
76561198272853658,Recommended,291650,26476344,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,LyN,its a fantastic epic Game . ilove it so much.
,Recommended,291650,15230130,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Vincent Van Brogh,Murdered man for his dagger. Gave dagger to small child. Met small child's dad. Murdered small child's dad. Gave small child a pat on the head and wished him good fortune.10/10
,Recommended,291650,19540295,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,codybye,"Seriously enjoyable RPG in the vein of classics like Baldur's Gate, BG2, Icewind Dale, and many, many others from the late 90s and early 00s. Voiceovers are done well and interspersed throughout the written content. Backgrounds are visually appealing and set a good tone for the rest  of the game."
,Recommended,291650,15484852,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Jojof I'M BETTER THAN YOU,"It's ok. You will probably enjoy this game if you play it. Most other people did despite it's flaws. I personally have a hard time picking it up again but it's not neccesarly bad..+Pros+exploring is enjoyableDifferent ways to finish some questsYou can hold all the loot you wantMake multiple custom charactersYou get to own a little strongholdGame looks good-Cons-Enemy variety isn't meaningfulMany spells, but little need for most of them. You don't need to strategize much. You do the same thing every fight.Leveling up feels meaningless on some charactersAI is stupid and needs to be babied to do every little thing ( Why can't you just keep attacking after casting a spell?!?!) (move dammit move)No need to create your own team, you're given pre-made quest related team members ( do I finish that questline or usea charcter I made/want?)I've ran into some bugs, some stop me from completeting questsNo one feels relevent in the grand scheme of things. Yes I looked into your soul, no I don't care that you used to fish."
,Recommended,291650,20617232,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,truthwarrior,Epic game of awesomeness. The amount of choices in the character creation is almosted awesomely overwhelming. The amount of choices and methods to complete missions (or not do them at all) is also amazingly awesome. I will write a more detailed review later but I wanted to make sure I hit recommend!
,Recommended,291650,21936097,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,ｆｕｋｅ,magical
76561198001833528,Recommended,291650,21939461,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Moosebergen,Yass!
76561198070874434,Recommended,291650,28336115,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Hellakazoo,Sucks away months of my life. Well done.
76561198028122017,Recommended,291650,15071337,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,SSKoss,"I have been a fan of Obsidian for as long as I can remember.  Growing up during the birth of gaming, and testing my limits during the golden age of RPG's has made me salty. The tepid products gracing the shelves, physical and digital, in the last decade have just made it more righteous a feat for what this group has accomplished with crowdfunding.  The genre ""feels"" like DnD.  It ''feels'' equally Baldurs Gate (I and II).  It ""feels""... pretty damn good.  I can't remember the last time I have been so absorbed in a story.  Cliche is not always a bad thing, especially when most of the attempts to stray have been fickle, no, fecal, at best.  If it ain't broke don't fix it yada yada.  Well guess what.  It wasn't fixed.  It was polished.  The feel of the new universe is comforting like a bed you can climb in, but the sheets are new.  And wow is the thread count high.  I cannot think of a single reason you should not try this game... I take that back.  If you have given in to the new era of having yoru hand held and never experiencing challenge through puzzle, adventure, and best of all High Fantasy story telling at its apex, then please avoid.  For the rest of you who are reading this, and watching the videos, and scanning screenshots, I promise.  I expected good.  I was delivered great.  Obsidian, you have won my trust back.  And the next back i will do, is back your kickstarters should you go that way again.  For a crowd sourced game to feel so... dare I say triple A...  I just hope that this proves you aren't going the way of Square-Enix, and forgetting why your fans play what you make.  We love RPG's, and I love this game.  My favorite in longer than I can remember. 10/10Some small bugs exist.  Negligible.  They are so minor in comparison to the Leviathan you have wrought. Now if you'll excuse me, I have a world to save and you have a game to buy."
76561198132795076,Recommended,291650,28570633,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Derrilin,I like it :)
76561198113747262,Recommended,291650,15285740,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Minnie,I gathered my party....then I ventured forth...10/10 would gather my party again.
76561198028563126,Recommended,291650,15286765,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Killaatwork,Finally
,Recommended,291650,19542262,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Ironlad,Impressive game.! Although a bit tough in the initial stages to transition from rpgs like Diablo/Titan quest to Pillars of eternity the game is gripping and very addictive.
76561198031114879,Recommended,291650,19554540,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Airedale,"This game doesn't have modern first person shooter graphics but it doesn't intend to.   It's an old fashioned dungeon crawler like Ultima or Bard's Tale.  I thoroughly enjoyed those games and I'm liking Pillars of Eternity just as much.  There are lots of barrels, chests and other objects to loot.  There are multiple character classes and you control the equipment and skills of each one.   This game isn't really turn based but there are a lot of settings so you can control when the game auto pauses.There is one annoying little bug where the ACCEPT and CANCEL icons are sometimes missing when you manually save a game but all you have to do is remember to click on the lower left of the box for ACCEPT and the lower right for CANCEL.   The saves work fine like that.I've got 24 hours in this game and since there are many areas of the map I haven't visited yet, it looks like I've got a lot more playing time to go.   I don't regret buying this game at all.  I like intricate character building and equipment upgrades.If you are looking for an action game, you will be disappointed.  If you want a fantasy role-playing strategy game, this one is excellent."
76561198018647783,Recommended,291650,25024712,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,ChaosMuffins,This game has cheese 10/10
,Recommended,291650,15069705,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Vladimir Bananas,If you don't like this game I don't like you and you should feel bad. Also you must gather your party before venturing forth.
76561198064714931,Recommended,291650,15383934,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,meelis.nolvak,Very good game 10/10
,Recommended,291650,15105008,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Argolock,Very Detailed Charector Creation. Wish Portrait portrayed how my dudes head actualy looks though. 5stars
76561198152924707,Recommended,291650,17710562,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,hotfuzz1208,Good game but too much reading turns it to be boring.
76561198030735650,Recommended,291650,15197484,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Kazadir,Great fun for fans of the old infinity engine game. Welcome variation from D&D rules and new character types and races coupled with classic RPG character archetypes.
76561198020621315,Recommended,291650,15197537,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Esper21,Completely awesome. What more is there to say.
,Recommended,291650,15204331,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,WraithKind,"When considering Pillars of Eternity, you should think of games such as the Baldur's Gate series, the Icewind Dale series, or even Planescape: Torment, for this is the company this game keeps.  If you're a fan of old-school D&D type CRPG's, this one is for you, but be warned!  There is a lot of dialogue - also an old-school CRPG staple.  Approaching this game with the usual ""choose whatever response you must to continue"" whilst barely skimming the text could have detrimental affects to your gameplay experience, as choices affect how your story plays out!Created using the Unity game engine, the game works smoothly.  While others may have experienced issues, I have not, especially since the release of the first patch, which corrected a few major bugs.Let's talk numbers.  More specifically, the game has a pretty heavy framework of statistics, as most everything in the game is represented by a number.  Skills, combat (rolls, etc.)...most everything in a check of some sort, comparing the abilities of a character in your party against competing ""rolls"".  It is a pretty heft (and intricate) framework, and sometimes it can be a little confusing - especially if you do not understand the defensive rolls, which I myself had to take a good deal of time to wrap my head around.Last, but not least, expect to be treated to a very interesting, original, and well-written story.  This game is for those who enjoy the journey just as much as reaching the end of it.  I would encourage you to sink yourself into the lore through the many notes, books, and pieces of dialogue in the world.  This game truly is a work of art."
76561197986253443,Recommended,291650,15204452,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Demagogue,"If you played BG1 or BG2, you are familiar with this style of game.  The team at Obsidian however put their own spin on the genre and fixed a lot of the rule problems from the older D&D games.  This makes for a pleasurable and dynamic experience where you do not feel bottlenecked into picking certain classes or making complex min/max class combos just so you can rule the day.  Combine that with the fact you can customize your party with unique adventures and generated ones at taverns, and a very cool stronghold system with a 15 level dungeon below introducing challenges and breaking up the questing monotone, and you have a solid game experience worth every penny.  Personally my biggest problem is the sequal isn't here yet!  I can't wait to see what they do beyond level 12 and if they have plans to introduce prestige classes.  They have my money!"
76561198036697555,Recommended,291650,15206018,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Serverus88,"As a fan of all the BG's, NWN and IWD's. i really am happy with the product that was pushed out. It does have its issues though. Ill list a few along with the positives.Positives:-I can make my own party (big deal for me)-Companions are available and are for the most part fully voiced with decent back stories that somewhat tie into the story (so far)-Combat system is pretty damn good-Nonlinear path (for the most part you can go where you want, so restrictions due apply of course, just like any game)-Battles are not made to hold your hand, if you wander into the wrong neighborhood you are going to regret it (i got my face mauled by a bear 20 mins into the game, at lvl 3 I went back and returned the favor)-Lots of classes and races to choose from and at least a few ways to design each class to your liking via stats and skills (much like DnD)- Great sound trackNegatives:-It’s still buggy (Looking at you Roderics castle) you can console command your way out like I did, just make sure you make a few save files-Random crashes (I have had 2, But I have read many other are having more issues than me)-Companions have really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ stats, The 1st 3 you get are decent (Fighter, Mage and Cleric) the next 5 not so much-Not enough character portraits and model designs for the physical character you created (Huge deal for me at least)-This game is a Min-Max nightmare (if you are into that sort of thing)If you took the time to read this and really want to buy the game, I would highly suggest you look at each stat as the names can be misleading on what they actually do such as resolve, dex and perception. You should take some time and look at the steams community guides and conversations. You will need to make you character or characters appropriate as this game can be unforgiving on hard mode and up."
76561198002947749,Recommended,291650,15206066,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Swastika gaming,This game is good even without beer.
76561198096205809,Recommended,291650,15193059,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Man From The Internet,"Baldure's Gate II is one of my all time favorite games and while Pillars is not that, it's the closest I've seen a game get to it's perfection.I was afraid this would be a short game. After nearly 30 hours I'm not even at the half way point.Very recomended."
,Recommended,291650,15138761,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Clz,Best rpg in years even better then divinity: Also i think this game looks better then 3d games lol like diablo 3
,Recommended,291650,15257052,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,bored_1,"I actually played this game for 20 hours more than my steam time, since I initially pirated it. Loved it so much I forked over 45 bucks for it. This game KICKS ASSSSSSSSSSSS"
76561198089947276,Recommended,291650,15072449,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Baldimor,"WOW! Probably the best RPG I've played in quite some time. Has all the old school feel but with a refined modern sensibility to it. It even works wonderul in tripple screen mode. VERY engaging story and really makes you feel as though you're in a D&D game. My only nit-pick is that there are a few minor bugs and hickups involving math, combat, etc. but they are pretty small bugs and I haven't had it crash or lock up on me. Great graphics, sounds, animation, voice acting, and more. HIGHLY recommend anyone who loves RPGs to buy this game!"
76561198035805094,Recommended,291650,15072531,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,mcleodthepredator,"Fantastic rpg game, loving it so so much!"
,Recommended,291650,15072564,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,ramoon,"a wonderfull oldschool rpg. never seen something like that since Baldurs Gate 2. buy it, play it and enjoy this game..."
76561198110502186,Recommended,291650,17326554,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Spanza,good soundtrackunique combat(for me)and amazing story
,Recommended,291650,18831546,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,cruist22,Old school RPG that will let you relive Baldur's Gate experience all over again. Go for it.
76561198030751915,Recommended,291650,29933762,Posted: 14 February,all,akimberlin1,"I like this game, very in depth and full of content.  Originally it seemed overwhelming, but once you get into it, it is very fun.  One of the better rpg/strategy games I've played recently.  Worth full price in my opinion."
76561198041778818,Recommended,291650,16481050,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Tume,yes ok gud game
76561197998120801,Not Recommended,291650,17275819,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,reasonet,"Not as fun as I hoped it would be.I love the old Infinity Engine games; ""Baldur's Gate II"" and ""Planescape: Torment"" are two of my favorite games of all time. That's why I expected to also love ""Pillars of Eternity"". Unfortunately, instead of enjoyig the experience, it felt more like a chore. Normally in a great and addictive game, you rarely reach a point where you want to stop playing once you've first started; you want to keep going to explore and discover the new content. While Pillars of Eternity started out promising, it failed to consistently hook me. I still played quite a lot of hours in a short timespan because I wanted to really give it a chance, but as I kept playing, it started to feel more and more like it was something I was just forcing myself to get through. In the rest of the review, I will describe what I liked about it and what I didn't like.The first impression of the game is very good. It has a nice aesthetic and interface, good music, good voice acting, and decent production values all-around. The character creation system is interesting at first, presenting options that all seem balanced in terms of game-play; in other words, you could create a random character with random options and it will still be relatively as powerful as a character that has been min/maxed. This makes it seem like the focus of the game will be more on role-playing, or that at least the characters built for role-playing won't be at a severe disadvantage during game-play; I appreciate the effort that was made to balance the game mechanics in this way. Most of the dialogue has options that are available only when certain character requirements are met, and selecting different options frequently leads to different outcomes; other games have such a feature, but not usually to quite such an extent. Much of the interface and game-play is similar to the old Infinity Engine games, and that familiarity is pleasant for someone who loves those old games.The biggest problem with the game is that the main story and plot are not interesting. It doesn't help that none of the story flow makes much sense. You arrive to the region as a random level 1 character looking for a new place to settle down... and then that's totally forgotten for the rest of the game, even when you somehow manage to get your own keep within a couple game-world days??? Your motivation is not terribly clear or believable after that. Even the main quests in the journal didn't offer a good context for your future actions. The hollowborn thing and its impact on the behavior of the world was also an incredibly dumb plot point. There's a lot I could say about how much I hate the lore, the universe, and the story, but I want to move on to the actual game-play. It seems like it should be good and fun, but it's actually really boring and tedius. Bear in mind that I started on the Hard difficulty level, and didn't play anything lower than that. The places that have mobs have a lot of mobs, and they are littered all over the maps. You can't take 5 steps without running into a trap or a mob. That's not too bad and is even a positive when talking about a game like Diablo, but in a game that requires you to play turn-based on the harder difficulties, it gets old really fast. Sure, you can use the stealth mechanic to avoid most of the combat if you already know the maps inside and out, but on your first play-through, you absolutely have to fight and fight a lot. I enjoy turn-based combat when the fights are interesting / unique / thoughtful / rewarding / good, but the vast majority of the fights here are against trash mobs that will wipe the floor with you if you don't meticulously go through the same combat setups, use the same 3-4 skills, in the same order, etc. When you are brand new to the game, each fight can take like 5 - 10 minutes, and there can be like 15 of them in one small 3-floor dungeon. Later in the game, once you know what you're doing, the fights don't take as long, but they're still incredibly boring to slog through. In a game like BG2, most of the fights are basic auto-attack affairs that just add a tiny bit of resistence and flavor to an area, and it makes sense that death does not indeed lie around every corner; the epic fights that require a lot of planning and prolific use of the pause button are rare and thematic, and it feels really good when you win those fights. But in Pillars of Eternity, even a room full of lowly spiders can be a challenge that requires a lot of repetitive and tedius micromanaging to get through. And once you get through the first room of spiders, oh look, the next room has just as many spiders and is essentially the same fight (one wonders how an ogre can survive in such a place). The combat mechanics that go into a fight, like accuracy, damage reduction, deflection, flanking, and such, seem reasonable enough, it's just the fights themselves that are lackluster. Beyond fighting, there are small little adventure checks that require you to have a certain, say, mechanics or athletics skill level, or they require that you have certain items. Well, since you only need one character to have a high skill level usually, and there is no weight mechanic and basically no inventory restriction, those adventure checks are mostly pointless. They might be interesting if they were less trivial, but as they are now, they might as well not even be in the game. That really goes for all of the non-combat skills.  Instead of making the game feel more rich, they just make it seem kind of bloated instead. Believe me, when I first started playing, I was hoping against hopes that these skills could be meaningfully used to avoid combat, provide solutions to quests, and offer differing styles of game-play, but sadly, they're merely easily obtainable check boxes for extremely minor outcomes. The same is largely true of the reputation system and the dialogue checks. The amount of actual role-playing feels very light with too much emphasis on boring fights with trash mobs. Is that really supposed to be entertaining?Everything about this game feels contrived and over-designed. It's like they built a game around the mechanics they wanted rather than fitting the mechanics to the game and player experience they wanted. Maybe this review is harsh, but I honestly can't say that I enjoyed this game, and I would not recommend it."
76561198008681748,Recommended,291650,17707016,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,birdstuff15,Great game. Brings back good memories of BGII. THe game is buggy as hell though. It keep randomly crashing all the time!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,291650,17717624,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Spoon Kid,pretty good game. reminds me of baldur's gate series.
,Recommended,291650,17970646,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Kukkuripa,What a beautiful game!
76561198008149534,Recommended,291650,15072640,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,SlacK CaT,"Neat, cool and enchanting. This game is awesome!Just like the classic Baldurs Gate and Icewind Dale engine but with superior graphics music and sound.Isometric View with zoom in and out.Gameplay is simple to complex i.e. Fighters and Wizards all have special abilities.100% worth your money. Game is difficult at times but can be adjusted in game.I was blown away after only minutes into the campaign.Game is real time but can be paused with the space bar. (for that tricky wizard spell you want to cast)9.6 out of 10 stars.If you are a D&D fan you wont be dissapointed.Yup."
76561198008309245,Recommended,291650,15318203,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Bixar,"I am not too far into the game, but if you are looking for a nostalgic experience then this the game for you. It really is a lot of fun and the story seems good so far."
76561197996986809,Recommended,291650,15197169,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Bags,"The first game in a long time that i found myself repeatedly saying ""i'll get off......right after i do this one more thing."" and here i am 50 hours later, and still thinking about finishing it every minute i'm not playing. Very well crafted game and it puts a lot of other 'AAA' and big publisher games to shame. A real gem here"
,Recommended,291650,16392223,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Anehii,The Ultimate RPG Experience.5/5 Corgis
76561197993563715,Recommended,291650,19367137,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Hjalli,This game brought back nostalgic memories of playing games like Ultima 7 and Baldur's Gate.It was like meeting an old friend.
,Recommended,291650,19369573,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,pinky,This is good.Really captures the spirit of Baldurs gate.
,Recommended,291650,19408902,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,put upon paddy,"baldurs gate with a better worldaccepted a fetch quest for an annoying faction, other factions won't side with me despite slaughtering the annoying factionreallyat least i can slaughter them"
,Recommended,291650,24196740,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,AlexTheHollow,"This game is amazing. I've tried playing games like this such as Baldur's Gate and even Legend of Grimrock but they just didn't entice me as this one does.  The story is fairly interesting and actually let's you know what's happening from the beginning versus where you're following someone that dies. After that, you're basically lost and just have to travel around and find people to travel with.The character development is really well-done, player and NPC,  I chose a barbarian woman and I can be harsh or I can be friendly. I chose normal difficulty as I haven't played many of these types of games but I still find it quite challenging (especially a crazy man in the cellar of an abandoned fortress).I definitely recommend this game to anyone thinking about it.Too bad the sale is over, though. I got it for $17.99."
,Recommended,291650,22188275,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Sleightly,It's almost (baldur's gate)/10 but not quite. It has a few nifty idea and well worth a playthrough or two.
76561198029684842,Recommended,291650,23227086,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Eliodoloro,"I have been a huge fan of RPG's for most of my game-playing life, but few games have been able to recreate the sense of wonder I felt during the Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale times. This game is very different, but it has - at least for me - created a similar sense of immersion and wonder. I've come to care a great deal about my party, the world, and the story even as I see the limitations and shortcomings. The battle system often requires micromanagement, but I find it to be rewarding, engaging, and deep. Many design decisions, such as ""per battle"" spells, are welcome additions that help stem the monotony of lesser battles. I have my complaints though; the world is smaller than I would have liked and the music isn't as varied as one would expect. However, the moment to moment interaction with the world and overall experience is deep and decision rich."
76561198038639976,Recommended,291650,23242273,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,HammerGod,Good Fun Game
,Recommended,291650,17729920,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Jonanon,"My♥♥♥♥♥♥felt like it was made of Concrete while playing this game.Growing up with Baldurs Gate/Ice Wind Dale 1/2 and Temple of Elemental evil.I give with 206,000 Stars out of 100.Buy it now. ♥♥♥♥!"
,Recommended,291650,30697212,Posted: 23 March,all,Mr. Kyle4SoD,"This was amazing, way too many different ways this game can finish and very remiensict of Baldurs gate 1. Very excited for Baldurs gate 2, I mean Pillars of eternity 2. Hard to go back to the old Infinite Engine games after all the useful features this game introduces."
,Recommended,291650,30699567,Posted: 23 March,all,TheElderScrolls,"Great game, good story, very adaptive and flexible dialogue.  I only wish the levels went a bit higher initially (was hoping for 20 because it felt a lot like D&D in every other way)"
76561198027796851,Recommended,291650,30708312,Posted: 24 March,all,CavScout315,"Overall, I like the game.Positives:Good story lineLots of Magic availableDecent character creationAt times addicting playNegatives:Load times can be long between screens and there are a lot of themCrafting system is kinda weakAt times linear gameplayCant adjust camera angleI would give it 3 out of 5 stars.  I know its a kickstarter funded game, and it does well with what it offered, but in today's gaming world it needs a bit more to keep me coming back.  Maybe Pillars of Eternity 2 will build on some of these suggestions."
76561198017286006,Recommended,291650,20476881,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Drskum,A big recomendation
,Recommended,291650,22279935,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Pedro Steckecilo,"A great throwback RPG that doesn't stay stuck in the past. My favorite feature is the ""cut the BS"" mechanics that make it easier to understand what kind of character you're making, Might improves Damage and Healing, Perception handles accuracy etc. these effects are mostly useful regardless of Class Choice. My only complaint in this regard is that it's hard to make a social character, though at the same time most conversations can be resolved with careful dialogue choices rather than just needing to have the right attributes."
76561198006525193,Recommended,291650,22308312,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Sabacles,"Music and Sound: 9/10some great background tracks and voicesStory: 10/10meaningful choices, good twists, excellent world and character constructionGameplay 8.5/10battle system a little fiddly especially in complex encountersenchant system is a little immersion breaking otherwise the systems work very wellGraphics: 8/10Nothing spectacular but good, consistent art style.  Good use of architectural themes, excellent character portraits.  Character models are quite blandImmersion and Fun Factor: 9.5/10Believable world.  Well developed lore.  Excellent story.  Compelling characters.  Enchant system is a little strange.  Castle system is awesomeReplayability: 9/10Will likely roll again as there are many divergent and meaningful choices and fun and interesting classes.Overall: 8.75/10Excellent gameA definite buy if you need a game to playAbsolute must buy if it is on sale"
,Recommended,291650,22309035,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Gargamel,"This game is super addicting! It has great music, solid gameplay, and deep mechanics. If you loved the old Baldur's Gate games, then this is a must. I consider it right up there with Baldur's Gate II, maybe slightly worse, and way better than Baldur's Gate 1. If you never played Baldur's Gate, but are looking for a deep, real time combat RPG then I would check this out for sure, because if you have never experienced this type of game, and it looks interesting, you may just get caught up for a few hundred hours in somthing new and exciting. I will warn however, this game is rough at first. It takes some time to learn how to play, and build a party with good synergy. So be patient. If you power through the rough beginning, you will soon be in your groove and enjoying this game big time. So don't give up!"
,Recommended,291650,22345879,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,AliceObscura,"What can I say about Pillars of Eternity that isn’t just pure positivity?  The game is an amazing throwback to many of the PCRPGs I grew up playing as a kid.  This game sits alongside such storied legends as Icewind Dale, Baldur’s Gate, Eye of the Beholder, and Forgotten Realms.  It may share more in play mechanics with the former too, but in terms of world generation and storytelling, it’s very similar to all of the aforementioned games.Among modern titles, I think it’s best to compare it to Divinity: Original Sin, another PCRPG that shares a lot in common with PoE.  While not high fantasy, it’s also similar in play style to games like the recently rebooted Shadow Run games or even transistor, if the game had a party of 4-6.The game’s mechanics are solid and what you would expect for a game of its ilk.  Characters act in real time; however, the player may pause to issue orders to the individual characters at any time by hitting the space bar.  This means there are times where you will be unpausing the game for just long enough for a spell to go off or a poisoned arrow to fly out and then immediately re-pausing to check on the damage you’ve done and what your next move with be.  It’s much wiser to fight tactically than to just bum rush every creature/enemy you encounter.In addition to wonderful mechanics, the game enjoys an extremely rich background, well fleshed out supporting characters, and deep lore, much of which is expressed in books you can pick up throughout the game, and the rest is explained by your supporting characters and many of the quest givers and storytellers you encounter throughout the game.  The story is amazing and I won’t spoil any of it here!  It will take you hours and hours to get through this game, and even just a critical path run will take well over 40 hours your first play through!  Heck, if you’re like me, you may just waste 5 hours in character creation alone, followed by another hour each as you build up your own crew of recruits at the pubs scattered around the world!  Watch at least character creation tutorial on YouTube if you plan on playing a Min-Max character, because some of the mechanics are a little arcane to a new comer!The last two positive things I’ll say about the game are this:  this game is a Kickstarter game that lives up to the potential of that platforms capabilities to create rich, fun, and varied games and other media!  This is an example I love to pull out when the Kickstarter haters come out in force.  The other thing I loved about this game is the details.  And I’m not just referring to the beautiful hand-drawn backgrounds, or hidden nooks and crannies scattered throughout the land, but also to the considerations the game takes for all of its fans.  The fact that there’s a color blind mode blows my mind!  I’m colorblind and this mode was so helpful to me personally!  That’s the kind of developer that created this game!  An inclusive, thoughtful, and extremely talented team of creative individuals who’ve really generated a masterpiece!I can’t wait to play the DLC!  Also, if you’re interested in reading more about the game’s lore and don’t hesitate to download the six free PDFs on the PoE website!  There are written by the game’s lore masters and creators and really are deep, fulfilling short stories in their own right!Pillars of Eternity is my personal 2015 Game of the Year and solidly deserves a 10/10 from every player who is lucky enough to have the opportunity to pick it up!"
,Recommended,291650,22348538,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,[LOD] Lex Luthor,"Good game, well thought out and implimented.  Fun, full of options and adventures, dont go into the final battle thinking you'll finish up other things when you're done!"
76561198038467332,Recommended,291650,22466923,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Korendil,"10/10. Would (am) playing it again.CONS- Sometimes the NPCs have a tendacy to talk in riddles. Sometimes all you want it clarity, especially in a story that's as involved as this.PROS+ Atmosphere. The game is incredibly immersive and real.+ Music. The music in this game is genuinley moving and very fitting+ Story+ Combat+ Overall polish (been out over a year now)+ Lots of contentIf you're an RPG fan then you're gonna have a fantastic time with this. Just prepared to play slow, don't rush the game and try to read as much as you can."
76561198035054121,Recommended,291650,22475382,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Viking,Currently the game I enjoy the most! Brilliant story with great player choice. Character creation is brilliant and it truely feels like a good old fashioned RPG. Can't praise this game enough!
,Recommended,291650,23712196,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,clickbait,"RIP free time.Looks great, plays great, hooked."
,Recommended,291650,24378598,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Granat,"""I will be as silent as calm sea...which is not very silent."""
,Recommended,291650,23825811,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Me Grimlock,"This game is so good that is makes me feel guilty I didn't back it on Kickstarter. But if I did, I would have written this inaccurate Haiku on one of the gravestones:If I did this gameBoo would be a character'Go for the eyes Boo''Go for the eyes Boo''Go for the eyes RAAAAAAAAAGH!'"
,Recommended,291650,29564924,Posted: 29 January,all,Patron of Wrath,Loved this game; can't wait for the sequel.
76561198007723476,Recommended,291650,25927999,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,SteLcY,A fantastic story-based rpg!
76561198365705781,Recommended,291650,30232701,Posted: 27 February,all,xavier.alvarez75062,It is amazing.
76561198058467444,Recommended,291650,30127584,Posted: 23 February,all,Mordred the Goat,I had a lot of fun playing this.  There were a few annoying bugs that cause me a fair amount of frustration but the story and base game were very enjoyable.
76561198044082859,Recommended,291650,26627296,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,ed_ulisespz,"As someone who is a ""young"" gamer, i never played the infinity engine games that pillars of eternity is based on. So i guess that it’s importantConclusion: “an indie game at heart, but with clothes of a AAA.”The truth is that i enjoyed this game, a lot, but I see that are certain flaws that come with this type of game.One of the most important it’s the inconsistency in *some* parts of the game;-The story its good, but it has some mayor plot holes, extremely big in my opinion.The game tries to make this extremely big world of traditions, gods, races, factions, politics, and ideals… but it runs out of steam towards the end, it just stop getting deeper, it halts in mid explanation.I mean, i know this is not skyrim but still.-The combat it’s the same, it’s really god, engaging, and overall fun and flashy, but again towards the end it’s a little bit more a thing of numbers than strategy.The level you have counts a lot, it sounds logical, but I feel it the big sin of all rpg, “or you are under power, or you are over power” it’s hard to not fall in either side, that and the fact the combat has been revamped *three* times, and for what I investigated, it was to nerf  the player;  and I still felt many battles, end game battles, to be a thing of let the characters finish up the enemies after a few “turns”.And apparently the “immobilize” spells are the solution for the game, it’s what I was talking about early, if you don’t use it, it become extremely frustrating, if you do use it I felt it op… so, think about it.-The art. The art it’s beautiful, every map it’s like a painting, with details, with care, with references to the lore itself. I will not complain at all here, really god job.- The voice acting its phenomenal, great. The music it’s repetitive, not bad, but repetitive.-and at last, the engine, the unity engine… it has its problems.The loading time are very notorious, it will always take 15 sec to load, whatever, a small room, or a big castle… it’s not that bad but I feel this should not be the case.The isometric view. I get it, it’s part of the “old” gameplay, but still. There were several moments in which I could not see my units or their health… it’s a bug in my opinion that they never fixedEverything else its fine, you can customize your hud, you can customize part of the AI, and they updated things like the path finding, you can set options for pause on the combat, you can personalize your conversations meta information, really good.Conclusion: “an indie game at heart, but with clothes of a AAA.”"
,Recommended,291650,29554488,Posted: 28 January,all,shelbypup252,"This game is great.Also don't quote me on this, but Feargus Urquhart (CEO of Obsidian Entertainment) is so adorably gay and I love him."
,Recommended,291650,28575775,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,digitalcowpie,Baldur's gate enhanced edition be damned. This is good♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198068138659,Recommended,291650,26381281,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,MagikToast,My biggest complaint is that the game has too much text to read to understand the story. Other than that though the game is amazing. Some of the mechanics take some getting used to but this game is defiantly worth the money. There is alot of micromanaging your party during combat but I dont mean that in a negative way. I had alot of fun with this and I'm looking forward to starting a second playthrough.
,Recommended,291650,28366041,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,insightofland,i walked into a house and fought a guy and his girlfriend and i killed them andtook their clothes it's ok because  they killed their friend i seek justice
76561198005432007,Recommended,291650,28941910,Posted: 2 January,all,RabMan [/\/\/\/\],"good gameplay, character development and a huge world."
76561198106312645,Recommended,291650,29307193,Posted: 16 January,all,drmoulder620,One of the best rpgs out there
76561198245970066,Recommended,291650,25937459,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,vair250,great rpg
76561197960488673,Recommended,291650,15099682,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,[WEDIE] LilanKahn,Fantastic game on my 3rd play thure
76561198068628962,Recommended,291650,15117393,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Commissar,Oh my. This is good.
76561198047852159,Recommended,291650,23387349,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Rashed,"I recently completed the core Pillars of Eternity campaign and all I can say is WOW.  Playing through it, it was very clear this was a game made by gamers for gamers.  Obsidian really knocked this one out of the park.The story?  Excellent!  Not only was the main storyline very very good, but the side quests and tasks (smaller side quests) were all very well done.  Even the smallest most insignificant things could have an impact on how your character is percieved down the road (or even on the ending), and not just your dialogue choices.  Your actions in the game also affect this perception.  I will say the game is very  text heavy.  While there is alot of spoken dialogue, you'll still spend alot of time reading.  So be prepared.  There are sections in the game requiring scripted interactions with the environment.  I really appreciated that these segments took the style of the old school choose-your-own-adventure books.  Not only was it a nice nostalgic moment, but they also broke the monotony of the aforementioned text heavy dialogue.The gameplay?  Fantastic.  You really can play the game however you wish.  Want to be a justice seeking avenger?  You can do that.  A cold hearted murder slashing down anyone who gets between you and your quarry?  Go for it.  A pacifist (relatively), sure why not?  Customizing your character is also very user friendly...once you get past learning all of the stats and new systems (i.e. how Damage reduction, or DR, works, how resistances, recovery rates, engaged targets, disengaging, etc.).  Items basically come in two formats, standard run of the mill gear you can craft upgrades upon and unique (named) gear that you'll have a little less flexibility to upgrade but may have enchantments you can't normally use on standard gear.  Needless to say, the unique gear is much more epic in appearance.  Quest tracking is very easy, via the menu.I would have liked to see more puzzles, though.  While there are dungeons galore to explore, and they are all very interesting, they tend to boil down to killing everything you see (or not as you please).  There are hidden objects to find that require higher perception ratings to find, but really only a handful of actual puzzles.Eventually, you will also get a stronghold you can upgrade and utilize.  However, a lot if it seemed a little superficial.  Shops (mine anyway) always had crappy gear, for example.  Random visitors requesting an audience never really amounted to anything significant.  However, upgrading the keep gives you good resting bonuses (free to rest by the way), and hunting the bounties can yield very good unique gear.  The keep can also be attacked randomly, so you can keep a garrison of NPC fighters to defend it when you are gone.  You can also resolve these attacks manually if you're bored, but, strangely enough, they always start INSIDE the walls.  How did these attackers already get inside of my upgraded walls?  Why did I even bother to spend the resources to build walls, if anyone and their brother can walk right up to the keep to start a fight?  This element surprised me considering how most other elements in this game just made logical sense.  Overall, I liked the keep, but would  have liked it to be a little more immersive and not just a hub for conveniently selling loot and free resting.Speaking of loot, there is a ton of it.  And with an unlimited size storage, it's enough to get you on Hoarders and actually be proud of it.  Seriously.  There is no shortage of loot.Combat takes the form of the classic ""pause - assign actions"", ""unpause to watch it play out"", ""pause again - assign new actions,"" rinse and repeat.  If you are familiar with the classic cRPG, this will be easy to fall back into.  If not, it may be a bit disruptive to the flow of things.  But trust me, it's necessary when heavily micromanaging your party.  That said.  Combat can be very tough, you will die.  However, it does force you to use the environment and learn how to gear/stat your party (pro tip:  +1 engagement is gold for your tank).  My tried and true tactic was to borrow from the spartans and bottleneck the incoming enemies into a doorway or narrow cavern so I wouldn't be surrounded.  Plug the gap with my melee fighters, and keep my ranged just far enough to smash the frontline enemies or paralyze their casters.There is an AI system you can customize for each party member, but I hardly used it.  I still had to reposition my team in combat, so...  There is also a formation system so you can easily set your tank and melee up front of the group when navigating the maps.  I kept healers and chanters in the middle and casters/druids at the flanks.  Formations worked very very well.Music and Sound?  Phenomenal.  The music is amazing!  I can see myself using the soundtrack for tabletop gaming sessions.  It's that good.  Ambient at the right times, and bombastic when it needs to be.  Voice acting is top notch.  Every once in a while, your party will talk to each other.  Some of these interactions are hilarious!  For the funnier comments, keep Eder and Kana in your party.  Even the NPC voice over work is great.  Combat sounds are solid, but not overdone.  In wooded areas, there are ambient nature sounds.  In the cities, you hear the hustle and bustle of it's residents.  In taverns, you hear clinking glasses and the raucous guests.  Very immersive stuff.Overall, a near perfect game in my opinion.  Having longed for the old days of Baldur's Gate, Planetscape, and Neverwinter Nights, Pillars joins the short list of my favorite cRPGs I've ever played.  This game was kickstarted, but it feels like a AAA funded title.  If you've been wanting an epic adventure to play through, with characters whose motivations actually make sense, a game that you actually have to carefully think though to win, this is the game for you.    Thank you Obsidian and all of the kickstarter backers for making this game happen."
,Recommended,291650,15101587,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,[SIN] Kryadan,"Fun game, I'm still earning the best way to build my characters so I do die often but the one real peeve I have is my Steam Achieverements are not being given to me 3 days of playtime in. =("
,Recommended,291650,19163186,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Ragna,"Interesting game , the story starts boring but then it becomes amazing.Battles are hard , voice cast is good , the stronghold  management is fun.This game treats me like an adult , sometimes it is so hard I almost rage quit.Money well spent"
76561198078008953,Recommended,291650,23849860,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Snowba,This game does what all dark rpg games try to do and more. Great buy.
76561197963852846,Recommended,291650,28148462,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Finger,Buldar's gate III ++
,Recommended,291650,18437991,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Seranjine,"Quite honestly, I am enjoying this game. The story is great, immersive, The characters add an element of comedy (similar to Dragon Age), they're decently skinned out, it can sometimes feel like they're actually there. Sometimes. The gameplay itself is decently done. I'm iffy on the map. While it was well done, having to activate each individual map is kind of annoying. I've killed literally everything in every map I've gone to, and yet I still have to go back to it because I didn't activate a travel point to get to a different map. Having to activate search mode to find that stinking switch hiding on the top of a wall that no one will ever look at it is annoying, but I guess that could have been the mode I had. The classes bring me back to DnD days, especially with the per rest system and the sometimes constant resting to prepare for a few difficult battles. And by difficult, I mean that there are two different difficulties to it. First there's hard as heck, I'm going to die, constantly, or my favorite, ""F!@#, I'm going to kill something else."" Second is the ""This is taking forever,"" ""There are so many weak little things here, but running past them is even more annoying,"" and especially, ""Why the hell didn't I see this quest earlier?! Geh, now I have to go back there, AGAIN."" I don't know if it's because I used the ""realistic mode"" that says it uses your own instincts, but it's sometimes hard to decide who's actually worth it to talk to, or who's just one of the thousands of random ""stories"" drifting around looking important, but doing jack for my story. Cool concept at least. Finding every little loot pot, hidden switch, and useful pile of gold is pretty annoying when you're looking for *pieces* of a sword through 15 levels of the same dungeon, for the 5th time, is a pain in certain regions of me. I kind of dislike the AI, but it's done better than I thought it would be. At least they don't insta-spam their per rest spells on a little hobgoblin. They like to run and stand around a lot though. The stronghold... wasn't all I thought it'd be, but atleast it adds a different side to it. Gives you something to build up, I guess. It's just... It's more of a side job than a place to rest and heal.-Story: 7/10-Art: 6/10-Gameplay: Depends on what you use, but for my gameplay: 7/10-Characters: 7/10-Overall: 7/10TL;DR: Lots of grinding, hunting and searching. And going back and forth. Story is good, characters have funny side conversations. Classes are OK, constant resting is sometimes needed. AI meh."
76561198008893239,Not Recommended,291650,19151411,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,ilozen,Ekhem... Not being able to properly handle saves is quite a big issue for me... I lost over an hour of progress during 5 hours of play so it's not something I can recommend :(
76561197971018393,Recommended,291650,16137330,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,SpaceCowboy,Runs great under Arch Linux
76561197982759358,Recommended,291650,16140600,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Minor Threat,FINALLY A NEW GAME THAT COMPARES TO BALDURS GATE 2... A MUST BUY
76561198023669142,Recommended,291650,27581752,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ajohns941,"Okay so when I initially heard of this game I was dubious, was it going to be like classic rpg's a la Neverwinter nights or would it be a pale update of the old games. But I was so very pleasantly surprised at how awesome this game really is. My main strategy in games like this is to avoid the main plotline for as long as possible so I can savor every nuance of the game so even though I've logged a bunch of hours I haven't even hit the end yet. So here's what I think of the game in a nutshell:Pro:-beautiful 2-d graphics polished so the environment still has depth and realism while still paying homage to the old school RPG's-The choice dynamics and alliances in the game are so nuanced you actually feel like your decisions carry weight, I have to seriously think about my decisions and what it could mean for how I want to end the game-in depth story, characters, and lore make this feel like a complex and deep world where nothing is simply black and white and where people have real faults and real motivations behind them-there is certainly no shortage of quests or side quests to do to get you out from the beaten path and discover the dark corners of this world.Cons:-the combat is...not forgiving (It's not a bad thing it just gets frustrating) at a certain point the enemies become leveled so you have to employ a bit of strategy and while I don't have a problem doing that occasionally some battles would require you to pause every couple of seconds and take a breath or otherwise death is imminent-food mechanic is a little useless, you can make food that will give you long term bonuses outside of combat but I find myself with a ton of materials for making meals and rarely use them (probably operator error more than anything else but anyway)On a side note some mention that the constant reading is boring and sluggish to get through but being a visual person myself I personally love it, while it does get tiring after playing a long time I can immerse myself in what's going on and that's endearing to me personally.Overall anyone looking for a great RPG like Neverwinter Nights or the like should look no further than this game, it will keep you occupied for a very, very, very long time."
,Recommended,291650,23253420,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,SS,The spiritual successor of Baldur's Gate.
76561197999977878,Recommended,291650,17715475,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Sexual_Bullet,"BG2 with better graphics, story isnt as good but combat is more involved like Dragon Ages, does exactly what it says on the tin, great game"
76561198063864650,Recommended,291650,17632492,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,markitom,A fantastic game that was worth the money and time!
76561198237996854,Recommended,291650,17559253,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,patrick.andrzej.jedralski,Actually feels like Baldurs Gate! Well Done Folks!!!
,Recommended,291650,20173698,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Kapt,I've nearly finished making my character.
,Recommended,291650,16628515,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,GRRRR,"If you like Baldurs Gate or Icewind Dale (and to an extent Neverwinter Nights prolly) you'll like this.The only negative thing i could say is that yet again the concept of a player stronghold isnt very well realised ingame.The biggest thing its got going for it is the attached dungeon but that doesnt really count since it prolly could be elsewhere easily. Apart from that theres extra battles in the form of (samey repeating) defense fights or bounties, the extent of interactivity with the rest of it is text only and rather shallow. Also it feels remarkably empty - why nobody thought of at least putting in some flavor text npcs to spruce up the place is beyond me - apparently the whole townsized complex is maintained by ghosts, the same ones which pay the taxes you get since nobody ever shows up except up to 8 faceless hirelings wandering about and the occasional lone (repeat) visitor in your great hall. Overall nothing more than a sterile assembly of superflous shops with free resting, unfortunately.TL;DR : Stronghold sucks, rest is Infinity Engine style goodness, miniature giant space hamster approved."
76561198012737843,Recommended,291650,21614493,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,anonymousclay,If you like this kind of game you will probably like this game.
,Recommended,291650,21964212,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Mular,
,Recommended,291650,25357751,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,TehKaoZ,"Pillars of Eternity has been with me for a while as it is a fairly long game. I have beaten both DLC's along with the main story and thoroughly enjoyed the world that Obsidian has built. The game has a fair amount of reading (which I didn't mind) and a varying degree of difficulty modes including the easy ""story"" mode which allows you to more or less ignore combat. I played on one of the harder settings and enjoyed getting demolished on a regular basis. When I had finished I was a little depressed as I grew attached to all the companions I had met over the course of the adventure and didn't want to let go."
76561198052397424,Recommended,291650,15147793,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,crassisanass,"I have to say, as somebody who has played and beaten (multiple times) all of the old Inifinity Engine games, this game stands up to those, and in some ways, beats them. The gameplay is excellent, the graphics are at the same time old-school and yet modern, the combat is exciting and challenging (I missed spending ten minutes changing spells and equipment and getting the right formation before a tough battle like I did in BG2!), and the storyline... well, the storyline is amazing. Deep, well written plot, excellent character development, and funny when it needs to be (and at totally the right times!) Obsidian definitely delivered with this one, I would have to say this is the best game I've played in the last few years. Gives me all sorts of warm nostalgic feelings :D"
76561197971657224,Recommended,291650,15110382,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Deathcomesquickly,"I feel like a teenager again *sucks the tear back in*...now where the ♥♥♥♥ is my chain wallet?!But for real...I haven't spent ""full"" money on a game since Neverwinter Nights and it's expansions. I have been waiting for a game like this (and have relentlessly searched) for over a decade, and this game delivers everything I could have asked for.It's like if Minsc made love to his mouse and created...I'm not sure where I was going with that BUY THIS GAME RIGHT MEOW.Even the ""You must gather your party before venturing forth"" gave me a smile."
,Recommended,291650,15083424,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Fat Superman,Very thorough and well designed RPG.
76561198029600052,Recommended,291650,25449518,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Chusquero,Seriously good D&D experience. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,291650,28148379,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Hound,One of the best isometric cPRG I have ever played since Dİvinity: Original Sin and Baldur's Gate II.9.5/10.0
,Recommended,291650,26209477,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Roland 2 Chains,"Don't understand the issue, but it freezes my entire system. I had to ""Hard Reset"" twice in 3 hours. Pending refund. Game should be simple enough to run perfectly on any newer computer, but it has some obscure issue.  I don't have the time to figure it out, not my job."
76561198040964973,Recommended,291650,15076720,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,topuklu,Masterpiece.
76561198117611875,Recommended,291650,21091504,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Joel29,"Not really into turn based strategy games, but this one is great!"
76561198047146434,Recommended,291650,17658085,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Aegon,"""You must gather your party before venturing forth!""9/10"
,Recommended,291650,26553428,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Ivan Betev,Amazing game!
,Recommended,291650,15430759,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,riz,"Not even near to Baldur's Gate series quality. If you have high hopes; don't. Not a bad game but it have it's flaws. It's good for what it is and if you're longing for BG kind of RPG, this will satiate you until another one comes along.7/10 best I could give."
76561198016688083,Recommended,291650,31519356,Posted: 2 May,all,AcrobaticHamster,I liked this game a lot more than I thought I would.
76561198065598901,Recommended,291650,25399862,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Bearsy,"Wow...this game gud. stop reading, buy now."
76561198007989175,Recommended,291650,34734038,Posted: 4 September,all,Awizawaza,"Classic game feel, just what I wanted."
,Recommended,291650,30655770,Posted: 21 March,all,the stew,"Take my children, Eder."
,Recommended,291650,30652229,Posted: 21 March,all,Mikko Mällikäs,erittäin hyvä
76561198004188140,Recommended,291650,15590117,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,FastEddie,Almost obnoxiously nostalgic - like being hit repeatedly in the face with a boxed copy of Baldurs Gate II by a time-travelling Gary Gygax from the nineties. 10/10
76561198067267475,Recommended,291650,16540196,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,darkmoats,Great game!!
76561198052678628,Recommended,291650,15113805,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,greenshadedthing,creted my characters 10 times over untill i was satisfied. would create again 10/10
76561197995177833,Recommended,291650,15133223,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Lord Killburn,"This game is the perfect reincarnation of the Infinity engine games; Planescape: Torment, Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale . A mix of them all, action and dialog/story, with a ruleset adjusted to promote entertaining gameplay. This game is perfect for anyone who enjoyed the old isometric RPGs of the past, or even newcomers to the genre (thanks to the helpful turorial messages).The only negative I can put forward would be the pets mechanic, as it appears to be purely cosmetic; although may provide options for roleplay.9/10Would play again."
76561198118557599,Recommended,291650,15097618,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,StrangeMcNamara,"-The hand-drawn environments are stunning, gorgeous and filled with details. Additionally, clicking on certain objects or landmarks comes up with well-written descriptions that further give you a sense of place.-It is a game that involves reading some text. But it's highly interactive - I would think that even some who don't enjoy reading on a regular basis would be hard to deny that it is a very engaging experience.Character dialogue is found to be further engaging with descriptive texts of what your characters or NPC's are doing, whether they are making facial emotions, gestures, or drawing weapons ready to fight. The writers and developers really wanted to make you feel like you were being pulled into a intense stage drama.  Even the music seems to be scripted to play at certain dialogues creating even deeper atmosphere and mood rather then just looping over randomly.-Character models are detailed, I've so far found a wide varieties of different looking helmets, armors, cloaks and clothing. You have your standard fantasy buffet of humans, dwarves and elves but Obsidian adds a few unheard of races that not only fit well in the world but are interesting looking to boot.-And lore, I have to mention this. If you enjoy RPG's like the Elder Scrolls that have a tremendous amount of in-game lore and history to explore through then you will be absolutely giddy at the abundance of information on the fictional world in Pillars of Eternity.  A completely fresh world with it's own history, it is clear before you even leave the character creation screen that Obsidian took great pains to make this world as rich in it's history, maybe even richer, then games like the Elder Scrolls.You are not only going to be spending your hard earned dollars on a great, fun and entertaining RPG game but also interactive storytelling at its finest.9 Boos out of 10."
76561198032103555,Recommended,291650,15133514,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,gramlich,Just great!
76561198059604523,Recommended,291650,15133569,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,EbonSamurai,"I have only had this game for a few days, that being said, it is everything I could hope it would be.  It takes the best concepts from games like Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter Nights and creates something that pays homage to both, while not being a clone of either.  Also, it has plenty of B.D.G (Barbie Dress-up for Guys.)  You will find plenty of cool looking gear to deck yourself out however you want.  Oh and did I mention you get to manage your own castle?"
,Recommended,291650,15134316,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,tactical_spork,"Not for everyone, tons of (well written) dialogue and extremely unforgiving combat. Still, great game."
,Recommended,291650,15134972,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,postlarval,"This is an amazing game. I'm only about an hour into it and it definitely rivals Baldur's Gate for best RPG.Character customization is top-notch, with so many combinations you could spend hours playing around with it before even starting to play the game.The story (so far) is engaging, funny, and well-written.I highly recommend this game."
76561198036477697,Recommended,291650,15161829,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,MayorOverFourThousand,Damn good game! I recommend not reading to much hype so you wont get spoiled. Play iron mode and get the stay alive feeling.
76561198029306797,Recommended,291650,15132879,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Alphawolf,"hi there!As told by almost all reviewers, if you like the old Bioware/Obsidian games, then buy this.If not because of copyright issues, this would be called Baldur's Gate III.Buy this game if you like this genre!"
76561197998626805,Recommended,291650,15132624,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,[XPL] Danzigg,"Amazing!AAA title all the way, incredible adventure's await!@"
,Recommended,291650,15161252,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Etherealizer( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"I haven't had an experience as great as this since playing Planescape: Torment. The gameplay is fun, the setting is unique, and the story is very dark and very well written. If you're a fan of RPGs and haven't picked this up then something is seriously wrong. It's a serious contender for the greatest RPG I've ever played."
76561198175940058,Recommended,291650,31832834,Posted: 18 May,all,colecourson,Beyond fantastic.  I love the story.  The expansions keep things going.  Love the battles.  Like Divinity: Original Sin but more adult
76561198075444166,Recommended,291650,31857086,Posted: 20 May,all,INVasaR,"Good RPG, interesting story, choises, tactical combat, roleplay experience.... Everything that makes RPG great is in here."
76561198023555634,Recommended,291650,32475669,Posted: 16 June,all,Alfvinr,"This game just topped my list of his genree. Baldur's Gate, Neverwinter Nights, Icewind Dale, Dragon Age, Temple of Elemental Evil, Conquistador, Arcanum, Fallout 1&2.... (Blackguards 1&2 is just scripted crap)To much to say about it, so many good things i can hardly think about something bad. Gameplay, story, strategic combat, character creation etc etc.....  has everything all improved.Masterpiece.PS. Arcanum is still my favorite story."
,Recommended,291650,19373282,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Type-Moon,Amazing! cant wait to play the expansions!
76561198044688905,Not Recommended,291650,17021487,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,King Meow,"An earnest, high-fidelity homage to the Baldur's Gate series that is overwritten, lacks direction, and runs with a sloppy approximation of the 3rd edition DnD ruleset. The quality of the technical and narrative innovations can't carry the experience for me, but they may for you if you don't know any better."
76561198077262135,Recommended,291650,25847854,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Boner McSnuggles,Amazing Game.
76561198210685721,Recommended,291650,25847793,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Tiger,Great game! buy it!
,Recommended,291650,32437315,Posted: 15 June,all,Jahanyban,"Paradox have done the right thing in reverting the price increase on their games they recently put into effect. The game itself is most enjoyable if you are a fan or at all into the genre of the game. A must buy during any sale alongside discounted expansion content too, although the DLC value and worth is subjective to the gamer depending on what you value the features at in relation to the price being asked."
76561198110701383,Recommended,291650,25597678,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,ayy lmao,10/10 NEED MORE
76561198041359935,Recommended,291650,34104698,Posted: 8 August,all,arlenshaver,"if you loved the baldurs gate gameplay, then you will luv this"
76561198157075758,Recommended,291650,17722197,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,stackedback95,wow 10/10...very nice game...just gettin started and can tell...feels just like old baldurs gate days
76561198103235429,Recommended,291650,17721777,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Vonan,Loving it. Missed this kind of game
,Recommended,291650,24172875,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Robobob,"It's like the developers took everything that fans loved about old school RPG like Balder's Gate and Icewind Dale and actually made it BETTER!  The combat system is much more intuitive than the old silly 2nd edition rules that those older games used.  They slimmed down and trimmed the fat off the skill system.  Added many cool feats and abilities, some you can use every fight (encounter) and some every day (rest).  This is nice as some spellcasters don't necessarily become useless the second they run out of spells.  Everything is so similar to D&D, yet tweaked and renamed to make it something original.  Deflection instead of Armor Class.  Accuracy instead of Attack, etc.  There are some cool new classes like Chanter and Chiper that play different than any other class you've seen.  Then there are genius additions to the game like you can create your own hirelings for your party if you aren't satisfied with the companion characters.  And building your own stronghold is fun.  I've been playing on average difficulty and while few of the fights are too easy, the boss fight are just the right perfect challenge.. you have to use a full party's potential to win,as it should be.  I literally have nothing negative to say about this game 40hrs in.  Perfect.  10/10"
,Recommended,291650,15221385,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,pok1natcha,Everything I've been hoping for and so much more.  Classic.  Everyone who enjoys RPG's MUST own this game.
,Recommended,291650,15232246,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Sounds,"Oh my goodness! I feel like I'm reliving a Baldur's Gate type of game. Yay!!!!! ;)Only a few hours into the game, but its looking to be the RPG I've wanted to play for a long time.Great game so far... :D"
76561198089027323,Recommended,291650,15233614,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,pandemonium5,"So where to begin. I will say that I purchased this game based on my experience playing BG 1 and was looking forward to a return to that genre. Having come from Obsidian I expected alot. After beginning my experience I will say I had a love/hate relationship with this game for about the first 8 hours the game finally began to click and I couldn't stop playing. Is this game the spiritual successor to BG 1? Answer: No. Its a good attempt however BG 1 set the bar very high it is an unrealistic expectation. Is PoE great in its own right? Answer: Yes. While lacking many of the little nuances that made BG1 great it does it well in other areas. The mechanics are well done once you figure them out. Combat is smooth and graphics with the updated engine are nice. The story I enjoyed however I don't think I enjoyed the companion's stories as much as I enjoyed BG 1. To me they were pretty anti-climatic. I had no bug experiences like many people (knock on wood). My only real disappointment is crafting was rather bleh, very limited, not enough choices. If you are looking for a return to this genre then this is a good game, if you are expecting it to be BG 1 or its successor you will more than likely be disappointed. All in all I would give this game and 8 out of 10."
76561198013510434,Recommended,291650,15230586,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,[RIP] Razak,"I have finished this game today. I haven't felt this good in a long time, while playing a game to it's conclusion or a story. I believe this game is the perfect blend between a videogame and a book. I played it, all the while feeling i was reading a book, and what a story. This game will forever be in my heart and i sincerely hope that this universe is continued, that the creators at obsidian are able to imagine more stories like this one, other games.I hope everyone realises how these particular kinds of game can be at the top of lists of best games. Indeed, it is my belief this should be game of the year. The gameplay is very good, lots of accomodations to players and little touches that i did not expect, but nevertheless made me like tha game more. The story is, for me, one of the best in fantasy out there, with mature content, choices and themes that will challenge your beliefs and perhaps make you reevaluate them, at the very least give you some perspective of other points of view.Other people say this is the spiritual successor of Baldur's gate and other infinity games. Even though i agree in a sense, this is not just a spiritual successor. It has more than earned the right to stay beside them as an equal, and for me, at the top of them.Thank you Obsidian, for making such a good piece of art, something i'm proud of one day speaking to friends, family members, even use as a tool to make my sons one day perhaps to teach them and make them grow. And thank you for always giving me good games. You all make it worthwile buying games at full price."
76561198090407091,Recommended,291650,15230911,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Andfangion,"This game takes me back to the good old days of playing D&D, Baldur's Gate and stuff."
76561198085385510,Recommended,291650,15299273,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,iNBee317,"An awesome game. I love the recent resurgence of ""old school RPG's"". Unlike similar recent games, like divinity original sin (which I highly recommend), pillars of eternity sticks fairly close to the classics like baldurs gate. This is not a bad thing (and neither is forging your own path, like DOS). They improve upon it in many ways. A lot of the time wasting aspects of BG have been removed. Though do not despair, it is in no way as streamlined as most RPG's that come out these days, nor does it hold your hand to the same extent.I love the ""choose your own adventure"" storybook cutscenes. I imagine some may find it lazy, instead of actually including animated scenes for these scenarios, though really if they weren't implemented in this way they probably wouldn't be included at all (way too much of a time sink otherwise). It adds a lot of depth and really makes it feel like your own story, instead of simply watching from the sidelines.I hope this trend of resurrecting oldschool tabletop videogames continues.Thanks you to all of the folks who backed this game as well!"
,Recommended,291650,15227581,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,The Luminous Oracle,"An incredible example of what can be achieved through Kickstarter support, Pillars is an impressive paean to old cprgs of yore (Baldur's Gate, Planescape Torment, Arcanum, the original Fallout games) while still learning from its contemporaries (Skyrim, Dragon Age, Fallout 3 & NV). Pushing thirty hours into the game, I still feel as if I've barely scratched the surface. I will come back and review the rest of the game upon completion, but for now I'm having a great time.The basics of the game mechanics & systems are easy to learn, but they're much harder to master. I've ran into a few fights that trounced me soundly, only to return victorious after reading the in-game journal a bit closer and adjusting my strategies. I'm playing on normal, and I expect my understanding of the rules to be challenged even further on subsequent playthroughs using higher difficulties and optional restrictions while achievement hunting.Perhaps excepting easy difficulty (I don't know as I'm not playing on it), this isn't a game you can brute-force your way through without learning at least the basics of the underlying rules system. If you're familiar with tabletop RPGs or the details of the old Infinity Engine games, you will adjust quickly. The rest of you should take your time to learn a bit each time you run into a fight that pushes your abilities. You will do better in subsequent fights, and you will come to appreciate the level of work Obsidian put into the behind-the-scences systems.Additional playthroughs will also be required to see more aspects of the story. Certain choices you make build (or destroy) reputation with various people and factions, opening up new pathways while closing off others.Obsidian has shown committment to the game's continued quality by quickly issuing a patch that addressed a serious item bug. Addons, DLC, expansions (whatever you want to call them) are already in the pipe.The game's quality is, thus far, exactly what you should expect from Josh Sawyer, Tim Cain, Chris Avellone, and the rest of a crack team of rpg greats under the leadership of Feargus Urquhart (If those names don't mean anything to you, then you have a lot of very good RPGs to discover. I envy your fresh perspective).This is Obsidian's finest game yet.gameplay 10/10story/characters 9/10music/sound 9/10visuals 8/10 (Absolutely nothing wrong with them, but if you're expecting Skyrim, it may take a bit for you to adjust and appreciate what's here)overall 9/10"
,Recommended,291650,15241919,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,[VeC] Zacharia,"Excellent game. Strong story, lets you play evil or good.  No exp from mobs, only quests. No Multiplayer."
76561198017186309,Recommended,291650,15218821,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,jackass,i hate this game !!! IM SO TIERD AFTER PLAYING INTILL SIX IN THE MORNING LOLthis game is a gem ... i love it
76561197995967009,Recommended,291650,31989938,Posted: 26 May,all,TokenAsianGuy,"Takes me back to the days of Neverwinter Nights and Icewind Dale. So much nostalgia.I spent a good 40 hours on the main campaign, with a lot of side quests along the way. The presentation and story progression are excellent. But the real highlight is the writing. It is astonishingly good., way better than many novels that pander as fantasy classics.Make no mistake, this game is hard. On Normal mode, some fights are unfair while others are impossible to win. You need to master the mechanics of your group. Thankfully, the game's intuitive interface makes team management a real pleasure.Some annoyances exist though such as the long and arduous travel between maps for quest completion. Some folks like that sort of immersion but I would pass it if I could. Also, there is no real incentive to certain mechanics such as Stealth. I found the straightforward mechanics of ""face and fight"" do yield more reliable results.But let none of these minor complaints bother you. Pillars of Eternity is a breath of fresh air. After so many years, a true RPG has risen which honors its predecessors. I can't wait to see what Obsidian will do with the sequel.Highly recommended."
76561198082372472,Recommended,291650,30998064,Posted: 7 April,all,drop down and be counted,good game yet needs some spice with the character controls
,Recommended,291650,32048825,Posted: 29 May,all,"Juicy, Thinly-Sliced Brisket","Note that while I own both Expansions, at this point, I have only completed the main campaign.Playing Baldur's Gate was a turning point in my Vidya life. I was a console kid, and BG1 basically turned me on to the potential of PC gaming. I still play BG every now and then. Pillars of Eternity is not Baldur's Gate. It takes obvious inspiration from the classic Infinity Engine games, but it is absolutely its own thing. The combat and skill system are great. BG had a combat system that was basically ""Buff, Cast, Tank, Complete"". Pillars changes enough about the combat to require strategy, which is actually an improvement in my eyes. I did not like the combat at first, but as the game went on, I liked it more and more.The story is pretty deep, though it took frustratingly longer than I had hoped to learn certain names and invented words for things that have common English equivalents. I get it, but sometimes I wanted a ghost to be called a ghost. Some of the story seems confusing and muddled, but I suppose that if I were to play through again, things would be more clear. I just don't know if I have another 100 hours to put into another playthrough.Someday I will get to the White March content, and probably update this, but I guess in short, if you like RPGs with strategic combat, and especially Infinity Engine stuff, you should at least give it a try."
76561198009345264,Recommended,291650,25765642,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Siafu,One of the few games I have played all the way through and finished including the The White March 1 and 2.
76561198053341948,Recommended,291650,25775332,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,kaoshosh,"Sometimes I forget what RPG truly stands for, then a game like PoE comes and reminds me!This game is a pleasant experience in role-playing, it's so full of characters and stories, abilities and capabilities, damage types and gears.You can't pass this up as an RPG fan. It's challenging and fun!P.S. you can use codes to ""cheat"" your way through the game if it proves too hard. Don't give up!"
76561198098269070,Recommended,291650,25673023,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Cinos_undead,"The gameplay was a throw back to Baulders Gate, most assuredly, but I never played BG, so I went in with a fresh mind. I loved this game so much the first initial 24 hours. It had what I craved so much; going around with a gang of adventurers and slaughtering all that dared defy us. Then as time went on, I started to feel like the game had become a chore. Gameplay became less exciting. Whenever I played it, I knew it would be a huge time sink and I wouldn't want to play anything else after. I have since nearly stopped playing, perhaps I need a new playstyle to liven up my experience. For my moneys worth, I had a blast. No game is infinite, so buy it if it seems your speed."
,Recommended,291650,20708187,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Ithaldir,"A great take on games like Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale, the most recent game I played like this would be Neverwinter Nights two. (Note I am very nostalgic for Baldur's Gate 2 so this review is probably biased, I found an Easter egg in the game referencing something in Baldur's Gate and freaked out.)The game knows what it wants to be like and lives up to the older games quite well while still trying to be somewhat original. The game has its own separate lore and world. Its classes while similar are different enough to not be generic but not so strange as to be confusing. One thing that is totally different however is the combat system, a point which I have seen in a few of the negative reviews. It is a bit weird when you first start and isn't very similar to the older games however I found the different mechanics very interesting. Does it not make sense that having a giant shield on your arm will decrease your accuracy? And that you attack slower the heavier the amour you are wearing? I just decked out one guy with both and made him a meat shield, he does less damage than the priest but then again he doesn't need to, he just needs to protect my ranged damage dealers and support, works fine for me.This game's characters however are somewhat of a contradiction, while each has their own background and quest they really become near totally opinion-less once in your party, not to say that having them speak up all the time would be a good thing but I never did anything that so disgusted or conflicted with a character that it caused them to leave or have some other penalty like in Dragon Age making them feel like automatons.  There is no opinion system for each character and most of the time they don’t seem to react to your reputations. Additionally you had to ask most of the characters to join your party instead of them being forced with you are through a point of convenience which was annoying for me as by the time I met most of them I already had a full party and didn’t really want them. The fact that I can create my own full party of customized characters from scratch really stopped me from using the ones you could recruit, the only downside to them being that you didn’t get any of the extra dialogue.That being said the game can end A LOT of different ways, based upon the quests you do and the factions you aid, the ending of each character also being a large part of that. A single character can have around half-a-dozen different endings. While some of them are rather obvious, (complete their quest to make them happy), other times simply choosing the wrong dialogue option in a conversation can lead to a different ending, which chafes a bit seeing as you could only guess at the outcome your words will have on their future and you want to act in character, something the game usually rewards you for.  From what I hear there are only six characters of which only four I found and recruited, I only used two for the majority of the game preferring to make my own companions.The only truly huge thing I hated about the game and which made me rage at my screen is that sometimes the movement and attack AI for the characters is far worse than the original games that his one takes after. The graphics might be a new take on a classic but the AI seems straight out of some of the older games with a few tweaks to make them more infuriating. I can’t say the number of times I’ve yelled at a character for doing something stupid. Everything from standing around doing nothing apparently taking the sights during battle towards actually contradicting the commands I give them as they are executing them, “You wanted me to go over there? Eff you magic hand in the sky, I’m going to go over here and get myself killed!”.The pathing is also a big problem, out of combat a character can pretty much walk through a rest of the group with ease, in combat however the rules change and all it takes is a single character in the middle of even a large door way to block the whole rest of the group, and while bottle-necking is a really useful strategy you usually want to bottleneck the enemy not your own party…  Additionally the AI has a habit of going after a single enemy with reckless abandon. This can manifest in anything from a character going all the way around the battle lines to attack an arbitrary enemy when there is a perfectly good one to attack right next to them, to a character glitching out and heading off into the fog of war alone to attack a enemy even I don’t know is there, and which certainly isn’t part of the current encounter. All of this being said I can forgive quite a bit of it as you are supposed to micromanage your party, I just got lax and was angered at their incompetence.Well now that I got that off my chest I can say that still quite enjoyed the game and would recommend it to anyone who enjoyed similar games like this. It may have felt a bit short and I was a little disappointed that by the time I got a party I liked all together, equipped, and specialized, the game was over. Additionally I do have a grief about the Endless Paths however the review is already way to long…"
,Recommended,291650,15071913,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Monty.Joseph,Much gorgeousSo Baldur's GateVery DnD
76561197992608520,Recommended,291650,34960748,Posted: 14 September,all,Coda,"Fun game - combat can be a little hectic. If you are in the mood for old school RPG'ing, do this."
76561198049197951,Not Recommended,291650,21030769,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Trump's stubby fingers,"I really wanted to love this game. The story and characters have a lot to recommend them. It has a lot of what storytelling RPG is supposed to be.But there is also so much that is unpolished or amateurish. The final straw that makes me not recommend this game is the Adra Dragon, one of the final bosses. Googling forums, you'll see all kinds of veteran players that are left with a bad taste in their mouth for this game because of this poorly designed, frustrating boss.There are other issues, like bugs, load times and over-reliance on specialized items. I could forgive those, but too many other issues, of which the Adra Dragon is emblematic, stacked up to a 'no'. Sad."
76561198024476614,Not Recommended,291650,21041162,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,DoktorWho,"Did not enjoy this game, hard to get into."
,Not Recommended,291650,20428857,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Sieg Heil - For the Fatherland,More Icewind Dale than Baldur's Gate.
76561198069644636,Not Recommended,291650,29135812,Posted: 8 January,all,Spawnie,"It's over Paradox...I own almost all DLC for EU4 and CK2 including cosmetic ones and regions I'll most likely will never play. To support the developer that is fair to their userbase and further development of my most favorite games ever. I also bought a lot of other games that you either developed and/or published. I've encouraged people to buy your games, supported your DLC and even pricing policy until recently. But it's all over now.,When I heard that you are planning to go public I was already scared you may end up like one of those big comapnies that just run games for the money. And that's exacly what you've become.I won't buy Steal Divison 44 now, I won't buy any new DLC for the games I already own. From the top of my head, the games you were involved in that I own: EU4, CK2, VIC, VIC2, HOI4, Stellaris, Pillars of Eternity, Mount and Blade Warband, Magicka 1+2 and probably more that were published by you. Right now besides being so disappointed of you guys, I'm just happy that Warband Bannerlord won't be published by you!I also want to add that I'm financially stable and could easily afford to pay the highest prices, but I'm not going to support a greedy corporation like yours anymore.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Previous Review:Dunno what's with all those reviews bashing PoE because it's not a one-one copy of Baldurs Gate - what did they expect? A rehashed version or updated graphics for the same story?I just started playing and it's a great game. There is a LOT of text to read so you should take some time to really sink into it. I didn't in the first run so will probably restart when I have more time to really get the feeel for it.For starters: You don't have to read all the Souls (golden plated characters), it's not part of the story but part of a kickstarter package :) Took me a while to realize that, but it's a nice idea to a) get more money for development and b) better than the NPCs just standing around muttering the same sentences over and over again.I was turned off by the 'It's nothing like BG reviews' and that's why I wrote this. I may have bought it earlier if not for these reviews but I'm glad I still got it on a sale now."
,Recommended,291650,18387578,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Taeus Live,Just The Game I Needed! played The 1st 7 Hours In one Run. Say i Got More Than What I Was hopeing For! Perfect Game!
76561198073641900,Recommended,291650,28996220,Posted: 3 January,all,ryansengel,like it so far.
,Recommended,291650,23363638,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Kindred374,LOVE IT
76561198019531796,Recommended,291650,15531161,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,stephen.t.napp,You must gather your party before venturing forth.
76561198019928788,Recommended,291650,15085942,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,breeze,"Have been waiting for ""BG3"" for so many years... Black Isle/Obsidian was, and is the best ^^"
76561198066412174,Recommended,291650,15705416,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,kmfoxmt,"5/5 Allright, so I'll be brief. This is amongts the best games to come ot in 2015 as of May 5th. Why? Because it is a well told story, complete with decision making, tacticle execution, storybook style narration in place of cinematics. Thsi is not a game for the Zero point attention span of the Call of Duty's, nor the fast paced styled combat of Mass effect. It rings closer to Dragon Age: Origins gameplay. If you are uncertain about getting this game I will say yes: If you here for story and challenging gameplay get it. If your here for action or explosion .... well scan more reviews and see if they offer more."
76561198031328124,Recommended,291650,31050635,Posted: 9 April,all,Rizilliant,"Reverting back to positive, and Sorry I ever had to change it to a negative for such an amazing game.. Its unfortunate that the Publisher, ""Paradox"", is a greedy corporation, whos sole goal is to sqeeze, and milk every possible penny out of its consumers, and fans whove supported them for years, and gotten them to where they are today!Sucks.. I had a pretty long, well written review for PoE, that was erased due to this fiasco!---Review---Pillars of Eternity is an amazing game.. It pays homage to crpgs weve come to love, but have been unable to continue to enjoy as the genre was all but dead.. Thankfully, we have Obsidian, and Larian, and many others reviving one of, if not THE, best genre to ever grace video gaming!Several classes, with very satisfying combat, magic and even the visuals (though not the best ever seen) are very well done!The story is top notch, and one that will likely keep you engaged for several dozen hours.. With the expansions, many will replay the game multiple times, trying out different choices, consequences, and options.. Playing with different teammates, and creating different characters, and perhaps finding quests, and epic treasures you missed previously! Its very easy to play for several hundred hours!I just dont have the drive, or desire to rewrite another review.. That will have to do..."
76561197970847046,Recommended,291650,17836021,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,CHV,Oh my god - How log have I waited for such a game? Great. Game. It has all the good things from the classic infinity engine games plus all the good things of modern rpgs.
76561198031478236,Recommended,291650,16799677,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Sandor,"I'll tell you straight i dont write reviews for games often so already you know i took the time to tell others this is totally worth buying.If you like the isometric top down pause tactics game this an easy choice.Modern version of the Baldurs gate ,Icewind games made by the same folks so you know its done right.Just youtube it if you have any doubts youll see it is well recieved by the pros as well."
,Recommended,291650,15598283,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,jrtlaktalk,"This is a marvelously crafted gamewith an indepth world, character creation, backstory and setting., truly the spiritual successor to Baldurs Gate.However, despite this, the game is not without its irretations:- Takes itself too seriously- Limited resting supplies end up being a time consuming slog as it doesnt raise the difficulty curve, it just creates a lot more back and forth level transitions to get new supplies, ie, it becomes really tedious late game when trying to rest- The plot resolves itself rather abruptly- Crappy achievements- Adding excessive descriptions while in dialogue often made dialogue unneccessarily long and overly complicatedDespite the aforementioned, this game is a must addition to any RPG lover."
,Recommended,291650,27272096,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bright_Foal,"Very deep and engaging RPG, 2D games never looked that good!Also does amazing work at the Role Playing part of RPG, dat character creation..."
,Not Recommended,291650,23958312,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,duckman,"They raised the price so it could go on ""discount"". Terrible.A decent game but not worth getting, it's worth about 10-15euro/usd at this point. not more.DONT GET IT AT THIS PRICE. TERRIBLE BUISNESS PRACTICE! Paradox has grown worse than EA, they don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about the gamers."
76561198025836120,Recommended,291650,24979484,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Lathrael,"Ok... It's a tough review.First, the game is actually good. Does it have flaws? Plenty. But it's still able to shine through all the brahmin crap.Yes yes, most of the reviews i have seen already pointed out major problems of the game has, but i believe there's one problem shines more with the dark light than the others.This game tries TOO hard to be Baldur's Gate. While it shouldn't.I have played baldur's gate and, especially shadows of amn, many, many times. I still yearn for same nostalgia, that's no secret. But still, Baldur's Gate, while it was and IS a great game, it had it's flaws. Whatever big ""news"" it brought at it's time, they are now old news.To the devs:Now's my point: There's no wrongdoing to get attached to oldschool crpg's. But from what i have seen, you have some good writers, some good support too, to create something new. Or, someting might be better (You cannot know unless you try, right?). It all seems like a missed attack of oppurtunity, like you rolled 1 when the evil mage with 1 hp tried to run away from combat.Enought with 100 century old butter, find your own cream! I believe you can do it!Another thing that i should mention, the backers. If you read this, i humbly ask you to remove your rights to be included. No, really, no one cares about the walls of texts that are compately irrevelant and your included characters do nothing but harm the immersion. I don't say that all of them were uncool, but they belong to a book of short novels more than the game itself."
76561198086841963,Recommended,291650,21717738,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,thomj.ander65,"A fantastic game that I reccomend to everybody, probably the best RPG that ive ever played.However I have personally found the game stale after my first play through hence the 76 hours. I am positive that I will eventually come back to this game and I recommend that you try the game for yourself, its very very likely you'll play more than just one playthrough unlike myself :)"
76561198028745316,Recommended,291650,19911741,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,jojobe,"I really like this game, it brought back memories of BG. WANT TO SEE MORE! I kind of like full realeases though white marsh 1 and 2 was a bad idea. Their is great success when you release them as chapters instead of spontaneous DLC's"
76561198059395681,Recommended,291650,23276964,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Horde Commander,"After 90 hours for the first run through,I´m playing it now again with White March addonsand at PATH OF THE DAMNED(of course it is really hard but it makes a lot of challenging fun).If you liked games like Baldurs Gate I&II or Icewind Dale, THIS IS YOUR GAME !Nice story, excellent lovely hand drawn graphics , good voice acting, the end of main game was not great but ok for me, could have been better ending...Great Game ! I really love it !"
76561198102155942,Recommended,291650,25489178,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,phyrgian,"I am a big fans of baldurs gate II. This game is a good reminiscence of baldurs gate II. There are some aspect of this game that copied directly from baldurs gate but add some flair to it. Even some of the side quests are similar to baldurs gate II.This game is massive. So many quests and areas to explore. Really enjoyed the game, but this won't be a classic. Developer should really develop their own style, instead of following baldurs gate II.Pros:* Reminiscence of Baldurs gate II* Massive world to explore* Super dungeonCons:* Some chars are dull"
76561198116223387,Recommended,291650,25510077,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Hovardov,For all people who lose their sanity trying to kill Adra dragon in a fair fight - i just join your group.
76561198118543210,Recommended,291650,25536854,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,hakuna891,"Played over 30 hours so far, totally enjoy it! (spoiler: except paralyse)Especially follower dialogues are brilliant! Either they were written by stand up comedians or plain out Twitch-9gag-Youtube elite trolls xD100% recommend!"
,Recommended,291650,18402868,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Muad'Dib,"Good game will only recommend on sale. Its a bit short even with the side-quests and playing in hard mode.. the equipment customizacion is poor, some unique items, no epic loot, no epic boss fights ..... the classes are ok, could be better... history is good, graphic good... 8/10  could be much better game... but still worthy of playing great story and nice graphics...I decided to change from 6/10 to 8/10.. after almost a year looking for a decent RPG I have to admit this one is really good..POE still sucks compared to ""Divinity - original sin.. 10/10"" ..."
,Recommended,291650,34691176,Posted: 2 September,all,Tungo,"One of the best RPGs I've ever played, and one of the best fantasy stories I've ever read. Compelling characters, stellar writing, and a genuinely captivating fantasy story. One of the few games I've played that has used religion as a central theme, and it does so with a poignancy and eloquence I rarely expect in games. Could not recommend this highly enough."
76561198058727531,Recommended,291650,24681147,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,exodus.winter,It's like a downgraded DragonAge with a FOV that will give you mild claustrophobia. :]
76561198152437902,Recommended,291650,24681348,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Nero Fil,Great Game
76561197991963511,Recommended,291650,15146451,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Arcx,Cool game
76561197974034771,Recommended,291650,34656215,Posted: 1 September,all,schattenklinge,Good story and lots to read and do. Not always easy to figure out what to do and where to be.Enjoyed it most of the time.
,Recommended,291650,19915489,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Master Neko,It reminds me of Pathfinder
,Recommended,291650,16158340,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Grakais,Yep
76561197997392546,Not Recommended,291650,25386380,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Zaluzar,"At about 10 hours in I cannot recommend this. The world is very bland, so I was struggling to keep going, telling myself that the main story would have take an interesting turn at some point. Then I encountered one time too many the same spiders and spirits. Why are these generic monsters everywhere and in such numbers? And because you've been blessed with this watcher-thing, every few steps a random generic spirit appears that wants to talk with you to tell his random uninteresting fragment of story. Usually in games I try to read everything. But at some point here I couldn't be bothered to talk to the spirits at all if I could help it. I also usually try to explore everything in games, but here I was constantly afraid to run into more boring enemies. Maybe the game gets better, but at this point it is a very generic fantasy game with a lot of grinding."
76561198002532813,Recommended,291650,28438395,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,kancho anego,Good incarnation of classic quality.
,Recommended,291650,30250627,Posted: 28 February,all,Ilovegravy,One of the best RPG's ever made.
,Recommended,291650,31126415,Posted: 13 April,all,Assassingamer7,Amazing Good RPG
76561198009828768,Recommended,291650,15127209,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,flyingarmchair,I was all ready to turn my grades around and do good the second half of the semester and now I think I'm gonna flunk out. 10/10.
76561197966325919,Recommended,291650,26519892,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Thunder,"Good game, but not awesome. It is worth the price."
,Recommended,291650,31659174,Posted: 9 May,all,Orkeosaurus,If you like classic CRPGs this is a no brainer buy.
76561197960536985,Recommended,291650,34481673,Posted: 25 August,all,Rupert Giles,What a great game!  I absolutely loved it.  My main play-through took me almost 100 hours to complete everything and I enjoyed every minute of it.  Icewind Dale used to be my favorite party based RPG but now it's Pillars.The artwork and environment was superb.  I enjoyed the stories and most of the writing.  The combat was tactical and satisfying.  The companions were likable and entertaining.My only complaint were the performance issues.  Late game loading screens were way too long.  Having full inventory and try to sell items to merchant caused lots of lag.Deadfire cannot come soon enough.
76561198045270547,Recommended,291650,27645382,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,studiousfox,RPGs how they used to be - Obsidian have done it again
76561197996209330,Recommended,291650,15267545,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Eol,The resurrection of cRPG classics from known masters of this genre. My GOD its 10/10
76561198059900578,Recommended,291650,15151898,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Artive,Probably the closest game to Baulder's Gate we will get. I loved every bit of it.
76561198010146457,Recommended,291650,15152026,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Mast3r,Awesome game. GOTY.
,Recommended,291650,15073604,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,siren,"As a previous Baldur's Gate, Plainscape Torment, and Icewindale fan. All I have to say about this is.....yes!!! If you're a fan of those CRPGs then this game will NOT let you down.Please support these guys!True RPG fans....welcome home."
,Recommended,291650,15080191,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,The Decider,"This game real goodunless u need cleancut GOOD OR EVIL dialogue options, then you can ♥♥♥♥ off."
,Recommended,291650,15807055,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,NotABot1,So well made. The latest patch fixes everything I ever had an issue with. Thanks devs!
,Recommended,291650,15086668,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Boomer simpson,This plays more like Dragon Age Origins than Baldur's Gate but it doesn't have that game's horrific camera controls so that means that this game is amazing instead of a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197964129321,Recommended,291650,34594458,Posted: 29 August,all,necrocom,Really fun game.  Enjoyed some of the unique features and some of the similar ones to the old guard of the genre such as Balder's Gate.
,Recommended,291650,34609127,Posted: 30 August,all,cgiink,This is one of those RPGs that you cannot / shouldn't miss. It has a great story and battle and the price itself is worth every cent. If you get it through sales even better.
76561198003944509,Not Recommended,291650,35514646,Posted: 6 October,all,Keeper,♥♥♥♥ it
76561198009420770,Not Recommended,291650,25241756,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,GunMonk3y,"Reads like a pre-teen school project on similes, comically exposing the level of literacy among some game reviewers.Really nice looking in stills but quite bland to play. Wander around, uncover the area beneath the fog of war, take some berries from the odd interactive bush and throw auto attacks at the standard rpg enemy fare of wolves, trolls, bandits etc. Then read another npcs life story, twice as long as it needs to be because every other sentence is some flowery simile, rinse, repeat, get bored, quit.Not my kind of game, I guess. Looking through my records I see I paid £14 for the Hero Edition, so I suppose it was on sale but I still feel like I overspent. Its full price is a bit steep imo.Also it's Unity engine."
76561198032600860,Not Recommended,291650,15314780,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Soloeus,"Stupid game mechanics, borky movement, a lot of pausing and unpausing.  Ametuer level writing, mediocre plot. ""The gods are either bad or dead"" is pretty much what the theme of the game is.  And removing a non-offensive joke just to appease a bunch of crybaby morons is really low.Hostile community as well.  This game is ONLY for a very small niche of players who want the appearance of an RPG - followed by chaotic battle that consumes the entire gameplay - the battles are unfun, require a lot of work and micromanagement, and controlling six characters isn't fun.  There is also a lot of dying and reloading ""har har shouldn't have fought that, har har"" on a level beyond normal.  Not because the game is challenge, but because the game uses artificial difficulty to ""spice things up"" oops I meant ""make things stupid.""And while there are many similarities to D&D, the best example of this relating to D&D is that episode from ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Animal Babies.  3/10.  Very big disappointment.  Without caving into trolls it would have been a 5/10, still a bad game and a company I will never order from again.  This is the first time a game published by Paradox has let me down."
,Recommended,291650,33095946,Posted: 1 July,all,[GA] Loremaster Geralt,"Despite whatever the publisher might do, the game is amazing. Every single negative review b*tching about Paradox being scummy is idiotic bandwagoning. Obsidian Entertainment hadNOTHINGto do with the price increase. Pillars of Eternity hadNOTHINGto do with the price increase.Paradoxdid, and instead of being armchair activists, taking your asinine outrage out on the game, maybe everyone who's left a negative review because of this new bandwagon should, you know, actually send their vitriol to the people responsible, AKA Paradox Interactive.https://support.paradoxplaza.com/hc/en-usThere's the link to do so. Paradox's helpdesk. If you need help getting your trembling-with-rage hands to let a corporation that doesn't give a sh*t hear your valued opinion, here's the instructions.1. Click submit a request.2. Select general issues in the prompt.3. Leave your email, your grievances, and a nice pretty title to tie it all up.4. Select Pillars of Eternity for the game.5. Verify that you're human.6. Click submit.And then find some other internet-crusader-bandwagon to go f*ck off on."
76561197972041771,Not Recommended,291650,32425387,Posted: 14 June,all,soul,"This game now hilariously costs more than when I purchased it (I think in 2015).It's not bad but never hooked me enough to finish it. If I couldve refunded it after the first time it lost my interest, I definitely would have.It's more Icewind Dale than Baldur's Gate - not necessarily a bad thing if you like isometric combat; the combat does become very linear after a while where you'll find your party doing almost the exact same every fight after a point (or dying).Can't recommend this, especially since the price apparently has gone up!edit: apparently there is an official post about the price increase talking about purchasing power of regions; however it's gone up in several areas where currency has been devalued or hasn't changed much of late. Definitely will be avoiding Paradox games in the future."
76561198353463079,Not Recommended,291650,33114255,Posted: 1 July,all,Flankar,Buy Baldurs gate or any other Beamdog game instead.  They are way more story-rich and well developed.
76561198030842766,Recommended,291650,32658618,Posted: 22 June,all,isaac.a.gauthier,"This is one of my top games ever. Obsidian is an amazing company that works very hard to bring these types of games. As I bought it before release, I haven't been personally affected by Paradox's (the publisher) price raise. Bad business imo. People have been heard, Paradox is rolling back the price down and thats a good thing. Its a shame though that one of my favourite companies is bearing the brunt of the anger for something they have no control over.This is an amazing game, well worth the money invested. Don't punish Obsidian for the errors of someone else (aka Paradox)."
,Not Recommended,291650,18341345,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Iron,"-overly pretentious plot-boring fantasy setting+gameplay is as expected heavily inspired by hits like Icewind Dale and Baldurs Gate with a lot of polish+good music-immersion-killing player stories from kickstarter-backers (seriously, they are everywhere and have barely anything to do with the lore)-lore is average at best"
,Not Recommended,291650,32479196,Posted: 16 June,all,☭BeatOnTheBrat☭,Why have you raised the price so much? This game is not worth £20.
,Recommended,291650,15147729,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,LowerThanLow,A bear ran up to me and 1 shotted me. 11/10 would be bear food again
76561198081141085,Not Recommended,291650,28198382,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Daddy Dagoth,"Tries to emulate all of the good things about older CRPGs and fails-Poor/Mediocre story that leaves you with more questions than answers-Half-baked lore-Combat has issues-Poor pacing-Bland world and uninteresting characters-Tries to replace actual, meaningful dialogue with overly verbose descriptions about essentially nothing"
,Recommended,291650,33081037,Posted: 1 July,all,abelard,"(review in progress)Modernized Infinity engine. Very similar feel to Baldur's Gate, etc. More forgiving in certain aspects like inventoroy, but less in others like resting.Story is a little dark. The writing is good.Music is average. Graphics are similar to Baldur's Gate (but a little better obviously). Some people might consider them dated, but I actually prefer prerendered to the kind of limited 3D in games like Divinity Original Sin."
76561198073366530,Not Recommended,291650,15177086,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Smiley Grenade,The game feels unfinished. Storyline is pretty dull. Fails to have any interesting side characters.
,Not Recommended,291650,20446892,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,COCK,cheap
76561198095288088,Not Recommended,291650,23218706,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,miken,"Hell, I really wanted to like this game, it promises certainly a lot and looks like a  teenagers wet dream. However it is wrong (slow) paced, its messy and crowded -- it takes endless amount of time to analyse stats to end up fighting on o.5s pauses - it is idiotic ! its not even RPG it is some crazy Excel fighting spread sheath .after 100 hours I have absolutely no clue what the main story is and I couldn't care ♥♥♥♥ing less about the characters - is this RPG anymore ?I am waiting for 2016  Planescape torment release.Great disappointment"
76561198019927249,Not Recommended,291650,30586556,Posted: 18 March,all,straycatt89,"First thing I must say before I explain why I would not recomend this game is Pillars of Eternity Is good game with a very old school, almost D&D feel to it. There where many aspects I liked and i would still rate it 7/10.Now for the reason I would not recommend this game is that ultimately this game is definatly not for everyone. The game plays in real time it almost feels like more of an rts as far as combat (prepare to puase the game alot to asign spells/abilities/targets, that is unless you like dieing). Your characters still level up like any normal rpg after a battle, and you will be able to  asign skill pionts and new spells. However, from what I noticed the skill points really only help you sneak and give you conversation perks, they have little to do with combat, one of my least favorite parts. The story is very interesting and from what i noticed is where most of the devoloper love went, it was my favorite part and the main reason I would give it a seven. As for loot, you can loot any fallen foe and take their weapons and armor, you can also aquire loot from treasure chests with some you must sneak to find, which is cool and all but not all hidden loot is worth the find. As far as the environment, besides treasure chests and doors there really is not much you can really interact with. Another cool tid bit is they also have a stronghold you can build, however its not much other then a small distraction from the game.If you like old school rpgs, or are a huge D&D/ Baldur's Gate fan you will probably like this game alot, if your a fan of games like Diablo it may be a good idea to stay clear of this one. I have not beaten the game and have only invested 9.5 hrs but have played enough to reveiw. Was it the game I expected, NO. Was it a game I liked, YES."
,Not Recommended,291650,25516500,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Flavius Belisarius,"As a veteran of BG series, I bought this game with high hopes but it simply doesn't provide the same level of depth or immersion. No aspect about the story nor any character intrests me."
,Not Recommended,291650,15574199,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Jirarf,Too hard. Too simple. Too boring.
,Recommended,291650,23641824,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Cpt. Native America,"This game is like playing a choose-your-own adventure game, and there are endless threads to pursue and stats to allocate and members to tweak."
76561198058809923,Not Recommended,291650,18302093,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,generaldurandal,"So I started my first game on Path of the Damned,and everything was fine for the first doungeon.Killed the wolves, killed the barbarians,killed Skhull whatever they're called in the starting ruins, then the spiders,all fine and dandy, no problems.Then, I get to Vallenwood, and the first outlaw kills me easy without me even getting a hit in.So, I take it the starting dungeon isn't effected by dificulty?Or maybe it was a bug that I couldn't hit him?Either way I call the biggest BS.Either fix the bug if it is one,or make the enemys harder by being smarter, not by being muscley spider sponge men.Just increasing the HP AC and DPS of an enemy isn't the right way to make a game harder,and I wish game makers would figure it out already."
76561198025026840,Not Recommended,291650,19704280,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,royerchr,the end suck
,Not Recommended,291650,22511125,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Tweak,"I hate this. I don't have the patience for this outdated D&D $*!# - it's frustrating and joyless; a chore of stupidly hard micromanagement. What might have passed for fun once upon a time just doesn't hold up in terms of good game design. Color me shocked that people are still asking for this style of gaming, like they haven't tried modern games or didn't enjoy them.I didn't try Baldur's Gate at all until very recently, but it was a hell of a lot better than this. Graphics don't excuse poor design. Graphics don't excuse your supposedly easiest setting from feeling impossible without rerolling over and over until you figure out which few builds are even viable. RPGs are supposed to encourage unique choices, not punish them.I wish the devs would see my feedback, but I doubt they ever would, much less chance that they would care if they even did see it. This game is garbage in a post-Skyrim age. This game is garbage in a post Mass Effect age.But it's good-looking garbage? Good-looking is generous. It's good-looking relative to what Baldur's Gate and company looked like decades ago, but not even by that much.This game is for people who hate progress. This game is for people who either can't take criticism or just can't figure out how to address the criticisms that have been amassed.I'm going to re-roll one last time, just to try and get my money's worth. I'm going to play, joylessly looking up a walkthrough, just so that I can get to the point where I don't feel outnumbered. Maybe I'll finally see more than the 6th map of the game.Or maybe I'll just have to watch this on youtube to ever see the story. Somehow I doubt I'll ever give this genre another chance, though. This genre needs to die."
,Recommended,291650,15066135,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,CazAndrogyny,This is falling in love all over again. My old flame Icewind Dale is reflected in the eyes of its Planescape: Torment-bred love child. A work of art.
76561198055130584,Recommended,291650,19331110,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,SuperKingChris,Love it!
,Recommended,291650,31055792,Posted: 10 April,all,Incarn,"After only 2 hours I wanted to write this review.Pros ++ Story is epic.+ Sound/Music great. I especially like the narration when they have one.+ Chaters feel good and the combat feels rewarding.+ Loot whoring.Cons -- Lots and lots of reading already.Overall: RecommendThoughts:I will come back and do a completed review once I have completed the game but I wanted to make a review as soon as I got done with my introduction session, so good. The reading can get a bit tiring especially if you are a late late night gamer like myself. I really am digging this so far though."
,Not Recommended,291650,31178455,Posted: 16 April,all,Alkxzv,"The writing in this game is top notch. In terms of story and lore it's one of the best games I've played recently. I also feel the art style works very wel, I really liked it.My problem with PoE is the combat. Common fights are just plain boring and feel like busywork. I only kept playing for the story. Eventually I reached the end game with an underpowered party (I didn't feel the need to grind when combat was just way easy) and was unable to defeat the boss. I tried a few different strategies but I couldn't do much with what I had. I got frustrated because I didn't feel like going to a previous save to grind sidequests or looking for a cheesy strategy on the internet.I would love to know how the story ends, but doing side quests felt more like a chore."
76561198025419237,Recommended,291650,23518679,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Puhu,an incredibly good game for people who love old school isometric viewed rpgs.
,Not Recommended,291650,18012519,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Stormy,"This game plays on target audience's nostalgia. It has some overexcessive writing that wants to be good but forgets that you should actually have a reason for writing long texts. It also lacks quite a lot in user-friendliness.Nevertheless, the game is good, but I'm not going to recommend it because I feel it's more about making money on BG fans than actually making a good game."
76561198390228711,Recommended,291650,33527806,Posted: 13 July,all,Igneel,"Like baldur's gate, but better!"
76561198063180971,Recommended,291650,33534940,Posted: 14 July,all,last3minutes,Buy it now and finish just in time for the sequel.
,Recommended,291650,22655066,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Whiskey Whumpus,"10/10, would sell my soul and yours for 2016 release of PoE2."
,Recommended,291650,31947218,Posted: 25 May,all,Cook,"Despite that I do not play much in party RPGs like Baldur's Gate, mostly because of D&D system wich I don't understand, I really enjoy this game. It has its own skill system which is more understandable and at the same time not simple, allows you to create a variety of different character builds.The main story and different side quest are interesting and I quickly finds myself just exploring this new world and even reading side text messages and books wich I rarely do.You can find combat system quite intense too and it can be really hard and challenging sometimes.The level cap is what I really didn't like. When I reach it I was on 2/3 of the game and this has slightly reduced my enthusiasm for exploring and taking new quests.I also find magic and skill system better in Tyranny and if it was in this game it would be a masterpiece.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=758565650"
,Recommended,291650,32120054,Posted: 1 June,all,TheIvoryKitty,"Super fantastic. This game and Divinity:Original Sin are, in my opinion, the 2 best of these types of games out there, period. The music is fabulous, the writing is great, the combat is interesting and often challenging... it really puts you into the story. If you like story-driven rpg games that feel Dungeons and Dragons esq, this is definitely the game."
76561197972615482,Not Recommended,291650,21962659,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,SinisterButtock,"I poured a lot of time into the old Black Isle games, Baldurs Gate I & II, Torment, Icewind Dale etc.. so I was looking forward to this one quite a bit.PoE is palpably DRIPPING with passion and love, the creators have put EVERYTHING they could cram into this game and unfortunatley, at least for me, it's all a bit too much.With the D&D universe I know what to expect from monsters, I know that fire hurts trolls and kale kills hobbits, sorry I meant halflings.  In PoE I have to learn the eccentricities of a swathe of all new unfamilar critters with resistances and weaknesses I need to glean from reading through a scrolling combat log while trying to micromanage every idiot step of my reckless party members.  Maybe I'm getting too old, but it was just way too much information for me to have to take in while trying to immerse myself in the overarching story and world.There are two sides to many PC RPGs, the dungeon hack (loot and levels) side and the rpg side (world building and narrative). When the dungeon hack component requires every ounce of analytical skill in order to ""game"" the combats into your favour, it's very difficult to maintain immersion.  Theere's just too much going on in the combat as far as I'm concerned and it's stopped me giving this game the time it deserves because it's such a chore keeping my head above water in the combat.There's so many stats, resistances, classes, and powers, spells, ubiquitous magical items of every conceivable variation, gelatinous cubes in every hue, ARGH it's too much! A product is complete not when you've added everything to it that you can think of but when you've taken away everything that it can do without.I really hate to poopoo what is clearly a gorgeous passion project, but I only get two choices when rating this game and unfortunately, for what may be for the quite personal reasons above, I can't recommend it...."
76561198030786808,Not Recommended,291650,22333084,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,mwlunday,This game crashes consitently when I transition to a new place.  I WOULD NOT recommend it for purchase.  I am tired of replaying the same situation every 10 minutes.
76561198082669578,Not Recommended,291650,22441688,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,mjosh1066,"Love computer crashes?  Can't wait to reboot and start over every few minutes?  This game is for you!  I know what you're thinking.  There just isn't enough frustration in your life.  How can you bump it up to 11?  Buy Pillars of Eternity!  Yes, now you can get fully involved in a game just in time to have it slap you in the face with a computer crash.  Clean all your fans, blow out the dust, check all your temps, read every blog.  Nope, won't help!  How about going to Steam Support?  Great idea!  They refer you to the blogs you've already read. Awesome.  Gotta love Steam.  Hmm... Is Steam short for ""steaming pile of dog . . . ?"
76561198057849140,Not Recommended,291650,22567012,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Aeon,"I am truly dissatisfied with this game. I mean I should have loved it. I did not over hype this game, I came in with normal expectations, but it did not match. I know this is not Baldurs Gate, but it shoud have been more like it.- The story is average. Not great, not bad.- The classes are ok.- The stronghold is garbage and pointless. Could have been so much better.- The logbook is horrible and confusing.- The scripting and open exploration focus is not good enough.- The fights are way to repitable and not very entertaining after level 5. I mean my level 9 chipher nearly always uses a level 2 spell even when he have access to level 6 spells.- The items and character customization is ok I guess.- The NPC you find is not entertaining enough. This is where Baldurs gate shined so good with iconic characters like - Viconia, Minsc, Edwin, Jan Jansen, Mazzy and even the annoying Anomen. Pillars of eternity have.... i dont know... Kana? The NPC is just to forgettable. To little internal conflicts and discussion between party members.- Bugs. But what is a isometric game without bugs. It gives the charm.I dont know about the expansion dough. I want this game to be good, so I might even buy it at some point."
76561197987642227,Not Recommended,291650,20651255,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Dorgrim,"I've tried to play this, taking over 80 hours of trying to figure it out.  This from a guy that beat Baldur's Gate, Planescape and Icewind Dale with no cheats/hints.I want to like the game.  I want to play it my way.  It won't let me because the devs designed a real-time-micro-management-turn-based-simulator in an attempt to recapture what it felt like to play Baldur's Gate.  However, they removed the good AI scripting, or allowing custom scripting, or the halfway decent pathing that BG had.If you are looking to recapture what it felt like to play Baldur's Gate when it was first released, you are better off actually playing Baldur's Gate instead.Edit:  The devs have since added AI yet it's still terrible.  You still don't have the party using their abilities properly as scripted in the supplied AI settings."
76561198052985545,Not Recommended,291650,20977412,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,jinath715,"This game isn't fun in my opinion.Several enemies you face in this game will keep your characters 'stun-locked' throughout an entire battle keeping them helpless. Basically, you get stunned once, you might as well be dead because you will get stunned over and over and over and over. And all the while you watch helplessly as your character gets pummeled to death and there is absolutely nothing you can do about it.Wouldn't it be better to get insta-killed? Certainly, because it would be less of a waste of time.When game creators resort to such a cheap and unimaginative mechanic as this to make the game difficult you know something is wrong."
76561198048496853,Not Recommended,291650,20220358,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Foolsparadise,Really wanted to like this game but lack of voice overs which to me is just lazy in any game developed today and combat was biggest factors for me not liking it i rather play DOSEE all day and not even biggest fan of turn based combat either but still found it better in that game.
76561197968436285,Not Recommended,291650,20442204,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Schism,"FIrst and foremost I never played any of the ""classic"" pc rpgs like Baldurs gate or Neverwinter Nights so this review is going in with a fresh perspective on this style of game. No rose tinted goggles here or anything to compare this game to.My thoughts on this game? ZzzzzThe game throws you right into the character creation screen as most RPGs do. However this has to be the most complex character creation I have ever seen. I have to choose all the typical stuff like race, sex, class etc. I am also able to customize all the other typical attributes like hair color, eye color, hair style etc etc.After that, it gets crazy. I have to chose country of origin, deity, previous occupation and sometimes other random things depending on my class. On top of that I have to choose starting stats and skills.Why do I have to choose all these things when I do not even know what the hell they do? There are like 5 or 6 primary attributes and then several secondary attributes. No idea how they actually impact my gameplay but I have to setup it all up now. It just feels very confusing and daunting setting my character up.Ok character created, lets start the game. Oh look the game looks and feels like it was made 10 years ago. Neat. The graphics are poor with no real artstyle, just kinda gritty and meh. Controlling your character and allies is not very intutive either, you have to setup AI and formations. You have to pause the game constantly or play in fast mode, slow mode. Ugh why are there so many options everywhere?Now onto the story. Cool I received two companions already. A headstrong female fighter who seems very seasoned and wants to meet up with her sister in the town I am heading to. A merchant who was the lone survivor of some raiders that was injured gravely but seems to be on the mend. Lets head into the dungeon boys!Oh that was a fun dungeon, got to disarm 30 traps, blow up my allies with aoe spells and juggle two health bars, fatigue, and pause/slow/fast the game over and over. But we made it through the dungeon finally, queue cutscene. (Why are some of these cutscenes done on a 2d piece of scroll paper?)Everyone died. My two allies just got killed permanently. Oh well, so much for character development.Onto the next zone. Oh look a cave with a bear in it. 30 deaths later trying to kill the bear in the first zone I leave and finally go to town.Ok I am bored now, afk."
76561198040933627,Recommended,291650,32228179,Posted: 6 June,all,Grujo,"Fantastic game, love it."
,Recommended,291650,26740336,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,GCTR,yes
76561198031860082,Not Recommended,291650,18730952,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,oakstave,"Once again, Steam releases a game that claims to work on Ubuntu, but really doesn't. I could barely get past the loading screen, because the cursor doesn't really point where you put it. It's slow, laggy, and barely playable at best. And folks, can programmers get a clue about dual monitor setups? If you have a choice to show the game on 'Monitor 1' at 1900 x 1200, or 'Monitor 2' at 1400 x 900, why can't you figure out how to display on the monitor with highest resolution? Luckily, I bought this on sale, but I'm going to be very, very skeptical about any Ubuntu releases in the future."
,Recommended,291650,25242360,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,shadow_murloc45,if you like old school real time rpg games you'll like this
76561198070350823,Recommended,291650,19052751,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Enlightened,I am really enjoying this game. Great story and a solid play. Love rpg's and starcraft 2 so this is an amazing middle ground. Im also looking forward to getting the white march once i finish the game.
,Recommended,291650,34366712,Posted: 19 August,all,Mister Kris,This game is amazing. when i first started it i was in the mind set of this is just another baulders gate look a like but boy was i wrong the story is just amazing get it and play it you will not regret it. if you like D&D style games then give it a shot you wont be let down.
76561198014940948,Recommended,291650,15174329,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,ysleen,"This game is not a simple nostalgia shot for RPG oldies, but adds some modernity to it.Really great writing (with some...surprizing companions), it's also a challenging game, with clever difficulty.In short : hard to master, but easy to love :)"
76561197971976510,Recommended,291650,31869250,Posted: 20 May,all,SchnakeEyes,"This game just pulled me right in, I cannot wait for the second as it seems to take everything this did well, and make it so much better. I still haven't completed this, this game has so much to it, that it literally seems like an eternity, but not in a bad way.If this is Baulders Gate 1 2015, then Pillars of Eternity 2 will hopefully, be Baulders Gate 2 of 2018. Cannot wait, buy this, it is a great game and if you like having your imagination soothed and challenged, with a myriad of lore..I mean I bought Volume one of Eora, which includes all aspects of its history, lore, races, enemy types, you name it.9/10. A game very close to my heart, and let its sequel be just as good if not better."
,Recommended,291650,31877153,Posted: 21 May,all,songbanana,"This was my first time playing an isometric RPG, so I played on the easiest difficulty setting. That said,+ The story was rich and incredibly detailed. Everyone had a story to tell, the world seemed full and complex and lived-in. There were many ways to solve quests and respond to questions, not just on a ""good or evil"" scale, but you could show mercy, deal harsh justice, be clever, be cruel, etc. in your interactions with others. I found myself truly thinking about the consequences of my actions and the questions the game raises: what role should gods play in our lives? What is a soul worth? Is the progression of science worth any cost, or should some knowledge be kept secret? My colorful and well-written party members each had their own opinion on these issues.+ The combat is very complicated if you have never played this kind of RPG or Dungeons & Dragons style game, but there were many hints and tips through which I slowly learned how to best proceed through combat. Like D&D, setting up your character is exhausting and confusing. Each of the standard categories (strength, intelligence, dexterity, etc.) affect your combat in some way, and there are multiple ways to attack a foe (such as slash/pierce/crush, but also attacking them physically vs. mentally and so on). On easier difficulty settings, you can slowly get the hang of these and build up to bigger baddies towards the end of the game.- On my admittedly old laptop, even with the settings tweaked, some of the gameplay itself was a bit laggy and slow. Loading screens sometimes took a while, and sometimes it took several clicks for the game to register a dialogue option. At one point the game itself failed to recognize my save file, and luckily googling found a solution, but apparently this has been an issue for many other users.Overall, I highly recommend this game to people looking to play a high fantasy book that is well-written and nicely blends animations and drawings with your imagination."
,Recommended,291650,19809614,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,wienerdogab,Good program.
76561197969320416,Recommended,291650,20338860,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Barker Ashpaws,"Feels like someone took bits of dark souls lore, mixed it with some ""your magic is actually just super science!?"" tropes and made it look and play like Baldurs gate 2.Which basically means it's really good."
,Recommended,291650,24198722,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Inn0cuous,"An indie masterpiece. Limited scope, but I still spent 88hrs on it. :)"
,Recommended,291650,22039528,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Jake,"i was like:wow looks funthen i spent the entire time making characters, getting past the tutorial and then deciding that I needed a new character"
,Recommended,291650,15317466,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,jeffs72,"OMFG, Baldurs Gate III in a box. BUY THIS NOW"
,Recommended,291650,17721097,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,direduryan,"A ""True to the roots"" & enhanced great cRPG and a ""must play"" for the RPG fans."
76561197974702712,Recommended,291650,18866541,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Gdub,"Great game so far, probably about 60% of what baldurs gate achieved.but in saying that 60% of a great game is still pretty darn good."
76561197988441268,Recommended,291650,26567653,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,domic,"I spend hundreds of hours in good RPG games. I spent 36 hours in this one, and can't remember anything about it, except I think the game had a stronghold you can own and develop ? Forgettable.That said, my vague sense is that I enjoyed the game while learning it, before the boredom set in. 30 hours is not a bad value proposition, so thumbs up.I'm posting this review so I don't spot this game in my steam library again and waste time trying to remember it, so ...NOTE TO SELF: move on. play Grim Dawn or a classic CIV or an Endless something, or read a book."
76561197961316892,Recommended,291650,16774857,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Prometheus,This game is so damn good. Takes some time to adjust and learn the mechanics but the reward is worth it. You will not regret this purchase at all. Im HOOKED!
76561198121501663,Recommended,291650,19102785,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Blackfyre,Pillars of Eternity is a great game for anyone that likes a good rpg with party-based gameplay. This is one of the best games I have played in a while.
76561198071823328,Recommended,291650,19093318,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Elsenrail,Excellent game. A must have for a CRPG fan. :)
,Recommended,291650,19203328,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Edgewalker,"This review is going to be very short, but maybe I'll return to it one day. Ha.PROSCharacters.All but a couple are quite fun to have around, with my main complaint being that they don't get enough actual dialogue time each. But there are alotof them, so that's inevitable. I also cannot skip praising the system of recruiting that lets you create and try out every class throughout the game as a companion, if you want to. The characters you create are dull and not talkative like the storyline recruits, but are fun to have around.Writing IN GENERAL.Really quite good, with the dialogue very believable, and competently acted. Also, dialogue options let you limit the walls of text that you see by frequently allowing options like ""get to the point.""World.Open, diverse, and fairly large.Rules.The game does not use D&D rules, but instead uses a creative derivative that I feel serves much better than trying to directly adapt a tabletop ruleset.Feel.If you want the experience that Sword Coast Legends promised, play this game instead. Itfeelsmore like playing D&D than the game that was licensed for it...NEUTRALIsometric style.The game features a top-down view of a mostly static world, meaning that you can't change the camera angle.. I don't mind this, but it is a bit of a technical throwback, and will annoy some players.CONSClass imbalance.This game has an age-old RPG problem: as the game progresses, casters become increasingly godlike as other classes become irrelevant. I'm fairly certain you could complete the game without trouble using a team of only casters, but would suffer terribly trying to go without them.Writing IN SPECIFIC.For a game this rich overall, much of the writing is amateur and excessively wordy. In an effort to give depth to the world, the game constantly infodumps on you. That might be acceptable if the quality of the writing was that of a master storyteller. Instead, you're constantly subjected to boring, formulaic backstories from NPCs you don't care about, desperately trying to tease something interesting or important from the wall of text they erect.""Decisions""?One of the game's crowning jewels is supposed to be its ""your decisions matter"" theme. This is pulled off with varying degrees of success throughout the game. The problem is that usually the outcomes are few, and the decisions are often polarized. For example, you are often given the option to either kill someone outright or let them go free with no punishment. There's more I could say, but I'm avoiding spoilers.Two words:LOADING SCREENS.My GOD, loading screens. Have I mentioned loading screens? Loading screens that make you feel like you're in line at the DMV, wondering what mistake you made to be waiting. There is a workout bench near my computer, and I literally got bigger arms and chest by lifting during loading screens. Maybe that's a pro after all."
76561198072944507,Recommended,291650,19261783,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,MOJOJOJOJOJO,Decent game. Turn up the font to make it easier on your eyes.
76561198032917030,Recommended,291650,19225184,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Zatonichi,Great game Addicting
76561197998637917,Recommended,291650,19300174,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,marteni,"Great Game.  Best value for money game I've ever bought; massive sand pit, great atmosphere and stunning graphics.  The game is being continually updated with new features. Sensational!"
,Recommended,291650,19219050,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,fakeoutt,Brilliant!
76561198188657628,Recommended,291650,23687590,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,RandomActs75,"Great Game! Haven't really played RPG's in awhile and it took me a little to get into this one, now i can't stop playing!"
76561198030121930,Recommended,291650,25356490,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Detryon,Masterpeice
76561198040533295,Recommended,291650,15132204,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Dragco,This game is just the best rpg i played so far!!!I can't wait till next part comes out!!!!!!!! (for sure will be one)I'm just sad i didnt know about this game till it got on steam coz els i would back it up !!Gratz on the fine game!
,Not Recommended,291650,29683269,Posted: 3 February,all,STEPPENFOX,"So I really liked the game, but unfortunately the devs just aren't willing to fix a major issue that makes the game unplayable by the time you get to the end of the main campaign.  Some bug or design flaw makes the game run slower and slower whenever you move to a new location to the point that near the end of the game you're waiting 10s of seconds or minutes.  Unfortunately this is what is keeping me from buying the expansion, and this is the reason why I wouldn't recommend the game.Gameplay itself is awesome, and I loved the first 2/3 of the game, but come on devs.  You should be embarassed.  This is a many years old bug.  I really want to play the explansions, and if you fix this bug, I'll buy them."
76561198072026241,Recommended,291650,28745215,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cyral Drive,Yes
76561198011303483,Recommended,291650,15083965,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Zionis,"++ Mouse Over help popups are awesome+ NPC personalities are well written (but see negative)+ Graphics are acceptable for who this genre markets to.+ Stable (no crashes or bugs I have found so far)-- They decided to go with a rule set heavily based on the D20 4th edition (this is an observation, I haven't researched it to say it as a fact). Anyone who's played on a D20 system glanced at 4th edition and said ""no thank you"" Why base a game on it?- NPCs are very typical to what every other RPG produces. It's like there is a list out there somewhere and anyone who creates an RPG has to follow the script: Cocky Wizard? Check. Fanatical Priest? Check. Dumb Brute? Check...- Soloing is unplayable (I like the option to have a party but prefer solo, this game does not cater to me however)- Price (not worth more than a 20-25$ price tag imo)Disclaimer: I have not gone far enough into the game to try out crafting, enchanting or stronghold features.I'm giving this game a thumbs up primarily because it delivers exactly how it's marketed. I don't like the fact that I can't solo but I'm most likely a rarity towhich most other RPG fans enjoy playing with 3-4 characters at once. So I'm recommending this game despite the fact that I have decided to stop playing it."
76561197989394735,Not Recommended,291650,30604871,Posted: 18 March,all,tattoo72,Saved games continuously get loast.
76561198009628792,Recommended,291650,18281742,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Viio,"Negative reviews for this make me realize how people have confused thier desires with perfectionism.I for one have been waiting a lonnnnng time for a game like this to replace and/or bring back what has been missing since Buldurs Gate and Icewind Dale.This is it. From start, to finish.Besides it's faults, which every game has, it's exactly what I have been waiting for.Name one game of this genre from BG and IWD, till Pillars of Eternity, that has satisfied your lust.. I can't think of a single one.Pillars = Satisfaction. Should be enough for anyone who is a true fan of this genre."
76561198111982612,Recommended,291650,31025927,Posted: 8 April,all,TofuWarrior,Best game I own by far.
76561198049102130,Recommended,291650,24364468,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Joe John,Love it!
76561198030810231,Recommended,291650,31205813,Posted: 17 April,all,LostfromtheStart,"This is the world's dumbest game.  Not in the sense tht it is bad, becaue it is the exact opposite of bad.  This is the old-style party controlled gaming experience I have wanted to play forever.  The details are great, artwork is fun, and obviously the game-play is second to none.  You control everything and the game is full of interesting things to do and choices to make.  Play it on a harder setting if you really want to have to think about those decisions.  The level of challenge this game holds is fantastic!This is the world's dumbest game because it is slowly ruining my life.  AND I just heard they are making a second one...Would ruin life again. 10/10"
76561198361415819,Recommended,291650,30364061,Posted: 6 March,all,wildmantribe,Wow! Why couldn't they make games like this back in the day? Hmmmmm? This is an old school RPG DONE RIGHT! Awsome...smooth and perfect. This is a programming masterpiece......no kidding. Everything thru and thru is polished to a fine edge. Wow.......love it and wanna see more like it!           I will buy them all..Keep it up OBSIDIAN!! You guys and gals ROCK!
,Recommended,291650,17717915,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Ryizine,"So awesome, I died."
76561197970416163,Recommended,291650,33583593,Posted: 16 July,all,WaySilentBob,"Okay, this is a review of the game, not the pricing policy.  I had a really good time with the Divinity games, but it never felt like Baldur's Gate.  This totally feels like Baldur's Gate.  As someone who still remembers opening that 5 CD sleeve 20 plus years ago, I really appreciate that.  I was also there when they shut down the original Baldur's Gate message board (b*st@rds!)The story telling and characters are as interesting and deep as the dungeons.  Love it.  Buuuut, maybe get it in a sale if you have an issue with their pricing policy ;-)"
76561197976105057,Recommended,291650,29546725,Posted: 28 January,all,Keirbot,do you like RPG's? Y/NY
76561198053502124,Recommended,291650,31814920,Posted: 17 May,all,paoweeotter,My first iso rpg. looks great and plays great! the story is nice too. Recommend!
76561198033842423,Recommended,291650,29468040,Posted: 24 January,all,OBESE MONKEYY,"I got fallout 4, thought the rpg genre was a rotting carcus, then found this and its amazing."
76561198065193350,Recommended,291650,15201023,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,seamonkey42069,this is a great game all the fun open world questing of buldars gate with the graphical quality of icewind dale coupled with the main line story quality of buldars gate 2 im truely enjoying this game not just from a stragiticc combat point of view but also from very much a role playing angle very emmersive game with great playability and replayability! ten out of five stars!!!
,Recommended,291650,15229077,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,adrian51gray,"If you liked Baldurs Gate/Icewind Dale/Planescape Torment etc, get this game! Great storytelling, robust game mechanics and enough gameplay for 40 hours (on easy). The game is fairly hard for people new to the genre but once you have more companions and understand that pausing and planning each encounter is pretty much necessary, then it becomes easier.Still a few bugs but didn't come across any crashes or anything game-breaking.Hope they make some expansions!"
76561198049817617,Recommended,291650,15233139,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Putricide,"Pillars of Eternity was everything I have been looking for. It took the nostalgia and gameplay from games I loved like Icewind Dale, and Baulder's Gate and put a slightly newer spin on it. Anyone who remembers those classic titles will fall in love with PoE and immediately become immersed in its neverending open world. Highly recommended."
76561197998881490,Recommended,291650,15226986,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,nerd.o.love,"Holy crap, I know they were trying to re-create Baldurs Gate etc with this game, but they have surpassed it by so many leaps and bounds it's incredible. It is not a merciful game, but it really pays off to keep to it and keep learning. I highly suggest this to any RPG fan. Actually I would go as far as to say if you don't play this you aren't an RPG fan! 5 infinity cubes out of 2"
76561197995070040,Recommended,291650,15200745,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Babis,"OK, time for review. Let me beggin by saying English isn't my native language so it might be weird to read this text. Seccond It's the seccond crpg I've ever played. The other is Divinity Original Sin.TL DRExcellent if you like crpgs. Won't change your mind if you don't.This game is a crpg through and through. With all the bad and the good that crpgs have.It's a great game for the most part. There are things I didn't like. Not many.1. It's kinda complicated. There are 4 kinds of defences. Why 4? And why are the attributes weird? Might? Intellect? Why coundn't it be more typical. Strength: more melee damage. Intelligence: more spell damage. Dexterity: more ranged damage. That I would understand. I basically had to learn what all those attributes do before I even started a character because you can't change them. If you mess that up you're stuck with a messed up character. You pick them in the beginning and that's it. Lots of stuff to learn if you want to have efficient characters.2. Skills. There are 5 skills. In no particular order: Athletics, Lore, Mechanics, Stealth and Survival. Why? Some are weird. Mechanics I understand. It's for lockpicking and traps. Stealth is also typical. It's for... well stealth. And detecting traps and hidden levers. But survival? Lore? Athletics? Those are just weird. Survival gives you more duration of food benefits. Lore is used in dialogue checks and for scroll usage. And Athletics gives you more fatigue which basically means you need to sleep every so often because characters become tired after too much combat or exploration and athletics improves that fatigue.So let's take a fighter for example. Which skill do I put the points in? He only needs athletics but he can't have too much because it's not beneficial for the whole party. If one character has low athletics you'll need to rest anyway. So the fighter's high athletics doesn't help you. He doesn't need stealth, mechanics or survival. Lore is allright. He could use scrolls being a fighter. I haven't looked into food consumption yet, I'm not that interested in that so I don't know if there are huge bennefits or not.3. Voice acting is only for the main story and companions. All companions have quests you can do and they are voice acted but almost nothing else is voice acted. That would normally be ok with me but sometimes there is discriptive text in a dialogue that discribes the interactions. Like ""you see an dirty looking elf standing in front of a locked door"" and then maybe he says something ""Open the door you stupid human"" or something. If this was voice acted you would only hear the last bit and not the discriptive text. Sometimes there is voice text, then some discriptive text and then some more voice text and there is no pause in between the voice text so that you can read the discriptive text. So that takes some fun out of dialogue for me. I have to wait for voice dialogue to finish so I can read the whole thing from scratch.4. Some bugs/glitches. I got stuck in Readric's hold for a while. The game was crashing when I tried to go into a particular area of the hold but that has been fixed in a recent patch. Who knows how many other bugs the game has that we don't know of. Like weapons that don't do the damage they are supposed to do or spells that attack a different defence than the one they claim to attack. I found a chest I couldn't open although I had the mechanics and the lockpics neccesary for it.All that maybe nitpicking but It still has to be said."
,Recommended,291650,15230784,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,shinsai10,"A spiritual successor to bauldr's gate 2, It's what bauldr's gate 3 should have been. Using the unity engine, the developers made a tremendous amount of work making a game feel like it's made in 1999, but with a strange polish that feels modern and new. They also have a developer's commentary mode where you can listen to whoever designed each one of the areas, like a developer's commentary on a DVD you watched. They use a lot of background assets which don't really seem like they are copy & pasted, and there are many options you can choose in the course of the story, or even small side quests that could change how the townsfolk or factions in the game communicate or treat you and your party members. However, if you don't like reading and love reactive games such as starcraft/halo/COD/counter-strike, you will probably hate this game to death."
76561197970540829,Recommended,291650,15241933,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,phoenix12,"Just like every review says, if you are a fan of the old school baldurs gate/ icewindale games you will love this game. If you are new to these types of games and want to try out one of the best RPGs released in recent times read a character building guide. If you have no idea what you are doing you might have a tough time enjoying this game unless you read a guide."
76561197984729342,Recommended,291650,15201309,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,BleeDinglies,"Sploosh, I've spend 73.5 hours on this game in 8 days.  Mechanics aren't the most intuitive but you pick them up quick enough, I think its because they are a bit simplier then I'm used to (a D-100, wizards needing might?! what madness is this!).Just cant get enough of this game, worth the $50 price tag and then some."
76561198059574902,Recommended,291650,15197619,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,halcyonDirge,"A breath of fresh air, incredibly immersive...I am loving it. Haven't been this engrossed in an RPG in some time. The writing is great, really sucks you into the world."
,Recommended,291650,15230774,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Dogstar,"Pillars of Eternity isn't an imitation of the old Bioware Infinity Engine games, like Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, and Planescape Torment. Rather, it's an homage to those games that allows you to play a game like those games as you remember them, rather than as they were."
,Recommended,291650,15228483,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Squee,"An excellent, well written RPG epic that brings back a sense of exploration and wide eyed wonder back to the CRPG genre.Definitely a must for fans of the infinity engine classics, it feels just like the first time I played Baldur's Gate many years ago andis refreshing that it doesn't lead you on a clear path, letting you explore and find your own way through the multitude of amazing locales of the game's world."
,Recommended,291650,15201563,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,CrazyIvanTR,"I tried to play Baldur's Gate a few years ago but it seemed so old and I couldn't be bothered. Now this is the new and shiny one that plays like Baldur's Gate and it has a lot going for it.The world is huge, the time I've spent so far feels like a fraction of it. I love how you can talk your way out of most stuff and solve some scripted events with your attributes or items.It does get overwhelming from time to time because of the sheer size of the game but I can honestly say that I've had fun the whole time I was playing. I will definitely finish this game but it might just take me a few months to do so.I have had a few problems with the game but the developers seem to be going at it to fix them and I haven't had any problems since yesterday's patch.I will definitely recommend this game to everyone who has enjoyed Neverwinter Nights, Dragon Age, Fallout 1-2, Baldur's Gate type games. Just remember, it has a lot of micromanagement in combats. You will need to pause a lot if you want to play on a higher difficulty than normal and even on normal you'll need to pause more often than not because unlike Neverwinter and Dragon Age this game doesn't have auto-play on characters you don't control. They'll just attack another target if their current target is dead and that's it.P.S. This one is a slow burner, don't try to finish it, just lose yourself in the game and let it take you wherever you might need to go. Also, don't try to clear out every single room because some monsters are way above your level and leveling up with those really hard ones will make the rest of the game too easy. It's a normal thing to get back and try to find some other thing to do before taking up on the bigger and more dangerous challenges."
76561198031162606,Recommended,291650,15226586,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Valensia,"This game is what I have been looking for in over 15 years. For a long time I was searching for an RPG that could hold my attention. So far the story is great, I love the graphics and sounds, just can't stop playing it. I would recommend this game to everybody that loved Baldur's Gate and to everybody that loves story driven RPG's."
76561198036962689,Recommended,291650,23705976,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Papa,Much fun.
,Recommended,291650,29581328,Posted: 30 January,all,nazgull2k1,Not even going to get long winded.BUY IT NOW.Seriously.  Stop waiting.  This game is AMAZING
76561198201718722,Recommended,291650,25416648,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,haileyjosdaddy,"simply put, brilliant!"
76561198016982913,Not Recommended,291650,26664198,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,marcus_mims,"Okay, this is a vent review but.........I have had it with the AI in this game.For 50 plus hours I have suffered this game's huge amount of AI induced reloads.  PoE is mentally stimulating and its intriquing complexity kept me going, causing me to create excuses why I should tolerate bad pathing reloads.  But, finally, PoE jumped the shark.I ordered my fighter, which was standing directly before my cypher, to attack a foe in front and almost adjacent of him - there was no other character, foe or obstruction before him.  I also order a rear party wizard to cast an AoE, centered on that same foe, which was easily within spell range.What happened next cause me to explode in a fury of colorful, socially irredeamable language that still has my cat hiding under the bed.My fighter decided to run to the back of the party, leaving my cypher wide open to slaughtered.  My wizard meanwhile refused to cast her spell; she instead ran to the front-right-flank of the party, stealing the job of tanking from paladin.  My paladin, despite two orders to succor my suicide determined wizard, kept herself content with running into the back of my priest, which was in the opposite direction of the foe I ordered her to attack.  Even with the most simple and straight forward commands, PoE's AI is incapable of executing with any reliability.I get it.  AI are probably the most difficult aspect of game programming, and no one has done them perfectly and probably never will.  Pathing difficulty increase exponentially with the number of 'objects' requiring movement.  In my example, I had a party of 6, a ranger's wolf companion and was facing 8 foes.  That is 15 discreet 'objects' which would undoubtedly challenge any game AI.In general, I love Obsidian, which makes this review very hard to post.  I love that PoE is a tactically challenging game, not an idiot button masher.   And outside of the AI, they have completely succeeded.  Complex and rich world, unique mechanics, huge variety of builds and approaches argue to make PoE richly deserving of praise, time and money.  I mean, how many game push your tanking fighter to have high perceptions and intelligences at the expense of might and constitution?  How many games systems reward your mage for having a body builder physique and forgives them for  average intelligences?  This is utterly unique in my experience, and really forces the player to carefully study character builds instead of just thoughtlessly defaulting to worn out fantasy cliches.But, in the end, all games must be judged on playability and here PoE fails as a RPG.  Instead, it is a frustrating metagames, where the primary focus is not overcoming intentional tactical challenges, but working around algorithms unequal to scope of the developer's overly-ambitious vision."
76561198005187914,Recommended,291650,16483430,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Lord_WC,"The game is just a huge testament of how to show the world what can go wrong with a multimillion dollar budget.- The plot is extremely banal and far from immersive- The classes - while detailed - suffer from being half finished - there are no tradeoffs there, character building is fully binary (you do it the right way or don't), no multiclassing or anything. If you played one class, no reason to play it again ever.- The 'difficulty' of the game comes from stat boosted enemies in superior numbers. The higher the difficulty the more enemies there are and they have better stats. The AI is so horribly dumb that your regular DotA player is a genius compared to it. No aggro management, no positioning, no setting up traps. The AI just charges you - and if they are boosted enough they will kill you otherwise you will win. Makes combat extremely stale.- The quests are really a hit or miss - some are good, some are extremely bad and most of them lack any cohesion to the main quest ('go there hero, kill stuff because reasons' kind of).- The companions. Some are extremely captivating and interesting. Which is basically a bad thing as there aren't enough interactions with them.  I mean you will spend with them hours, who wouldn't want to listen to the same 3 comments over and over again and finish the 'companion special quest' in about 4 minutes?All in all it's a solid 6/10. It's an okay game, I wouldn't give more than 15 EUR for it though."
,Recommended,291650,25634287,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,lastie,"Wizards are OP as fuc.You're weak at first, but don't fret.Recruit some allies including a tank who lures mob under your blazing fire, a buffer who +++ that accuracy level.Get max level.Send your allies to your retirement stronghold.Solo everything.10/10"
76561198041684059,Recommended,291650,25744533,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,lcslickman,Amazing game!
76561198022894578,Recommended,291650,25724814,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,barber_christopher7030,I don't know how to expalin the awesomeness of this game. The story line is very rich and I love the combat system. Not to mention the all the skill and class options you have. My verdict is this is a must have for any RPG junkie.
76561198390122563,Recommended,291650,33553914,Posted: 15 July,all,lgcfsr,Great game! High learning curve tho..
,Recommended,291650,23789565,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,antepode,"Started off slow, but then the story and combat system took off. Took me back to the days of playing Baldurs Gate. I would recommend."
76561198162486608,Recommended,291650,25030575,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,jam3sv3rmont,This game is a special kind of excellent.
76561197990243693,Recommended,291650,15190933,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Salt,this game is a amzing
76561198084382500,Recommended,291650,19967309,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,MAKELELE-MAN,Wonderful rpg
76561198021704491,Recommended,291650,19010864,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,KernelZX,"This is a great game, better than Divinity:Original Sin in every way except combat. I wish they would implement a more turn based combat system, but it holds true to IE."
76561198017977904,Not Recommended,291650,20477744,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Auzra,"Rich lore and beautiful artwork that make me want to love this game so much but everything else is badly make and poorly design. a lot of bug, bad/lack of Al design and bad saving system will make me go nuts.I love neverwinter and this game It remind me of that wonderful time. I bought it and i was on the edge of my seat, ready to dive in for another fun ride. but unlike neverwinter, Pillars of Eternity do a very good job on making me feel frustrating, not fun, not exciting and not really want to continue after I put it now for a while, it is definitely a bitter taste in mouth.This game is like beautiful girl trying to play hard to get game with you. you really need a lot of patience and put lot of effort in trying. why are you doing this to me girl? stop teasing me and we all can have a good time togetrher.So many reading require but not much actually happen, in neverwinter I had fun at the beginning with summer festival and get sucking into the world settling within an hour but as for Pillars of Eternity after 7 to 8 hour of gameplay I still wondering why should I care because everything feel and look so disconnet.The game had a weird story pacing, it start up fast for the first hour and then later slow.......really...really...slow......  I mean really slow..... in a very bad way. The way that will burn and worn off all your excitement and wish that : please!!! stop beating the bush and tell me what going on, it's be 5 hours in the game and I still dont know what going on!!!I suddenly had this magic power that everybody seem to know but no one want to tell me♥♥♥♥♥♥about it not even my companion.The game designer through other character mouth keep telling me it is important and I need to find a guy to tell me what's going on but never give a good reason on why should I care.Some kid born soulless, only I can help. But who care! my character is evil so why should I care? afterall nothing will happen to me if I never stick my nose in this issue. In fact I have being constantly punishing myself for caring.Once I find this guy and then &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥block"" scenario happen the guy turn out to be a crazy. reviewing information that only will make sense in the later part of the game which I already in the brink of not caring about the main story of this game and I thought story suppose to be this game strength.Some opional the quest seem interesting but require some type of skill point to continoue. which♥♥♥♥♥♥me off even since most quest are boring that include the main quest.The battle is frustrating at it's worst, AI is bad, if you must careful every fight or else you find character just stood there doing nothing waiting to get kill.Once all party get kill you need to start at the begining of the dungeon, save scumming are not allow in the game (which I personally think it is a bad game design for a RPG game).The ""hard to avoid"" trap / ambush is hard and most time impossible to avoid. it is not to set up as a challenge but mainly to kill player and since save scumming are not allow in this game so you need to start al the way back at the begining of the dungeon. which the game dev think it is a good level design? ( I personally think they are confuse people that think more artificial difficulty = fun = good design which actually fact is totally opposite.)Since AI is bad, you need to micromanaging every fight and you still have to wrestling with the control because mage often block the path of the warrior in the narrow places (which there are a lot of tight corner in this game) and they dont know how to go around the character when being block. so you need to micromanaging their every step in that situation. your are wrestling with the control all the time in this game.Youtuber has been kind to this game which I unerstand why and if you ok with all the thing that I mention on top than go ahead and buy this game but personally I think this game is very dangerly close bad game rather than good one. mostly bad in boring main stoyline, bad game control and AI.Overall it is like a neverwinter game but insteadof a  fun one, it like to be a boring and trying to play ""hard to get"" girl. an annoying girl."
,Not Recommended,291650,20481043,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,btdkelty,"doesnt work. wont launchgot it to launch, steam puts a bad shortcut on desktop, have to go to file source to launch.the game is a baulders gate rip off. fights are pointless, it gives you no xp. you progress in level by progressing the story. monsters dont respawn. neat story line. thats about it. toon progression is♥♥♥♥♥♥and no fun.should of used baulders gate model, the did for everything else."
,Not Recommended,291650,20606464,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Keep,"So..  Do you like games like Baldur’s Gate?  Then you might like this game.  Do you like to read a lot?  Then you will love this game.  The interactions between the characters are great.  The story is well written and in-depth.  But, there is tons of reading.  TONS.  Parts that would beg for cut scenes, instead get a wall of text.  It's like I'm playing a game back in 1998 again.  I know this was a kickstarter, and I know it's not really a standard in CRPG to have animated cut scenes.  But it's 2016 now, we could at least have cut scenes done in the actual engine and not in book form.  For this I had to return it.  If I wanted to read a book, I would have picked one off the book shelf behind me."
76561197999801552,Not Recommended,291650,20625825,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Lowrider,"After the first 30 Minutes it was clear... there is a lot of drama. It seems every person is close to a nervous breakdown. They all have problems of epic proportions. I have never finished the game because of that. I just did not care at a certain point because everything is ...ohh... so mysterious and so dramatic.Even a simple rock would be described as: ""There is a grey rock in front of you. Apart from the clearly visible gloomy incisions there is moss sourrounding it. While not deep in the ground this rock radiates something uncomfortable.""Sigh... whatever...The combat is just lame. There is something missing... something that would make it worthwhile. I startet to run around enemies so i did not have to fight them... otherwise i would have died of boredom.Loading-Screens...I have never seen so many (ugly) loading-screens in any other game. In the year 2015 one would expect that they somehow should have an idea on how to make a seamless world. Or at least to minimize the number of loading screens. At a certain point i got extremly annoyed be these loading-screen.The ingame graphics sometimes look okay."
76561198053601781,Not Recommended,291650,20518676,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Verrusin,"I like it sooooooooooooo much but it is entirely unplayable due to save becoming unusable. I've tried so many ""fixes in the Steam and game websites, none have worked for more than one attempt. I want to play so bad but I can't recomend with this level of unplayability. (Several moving around save file methods I've tried, reisntalling game, backing up a previous Windows save, files still end up not working)"
76561198019572384,Not Recommended,291650,20926267,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,[DoH]Heartstopper,"I'm not exactly new to gaming, having recently celebrated my 35th birthday.  I've enjoyed floppy titles like ""crack of doom"", and other games like NWN, the ultima series, and countless others over the years.  So take that for what it's worth.It looks amazing, the environments are beautifally done, and I like the ambience/various visual effects.  Unfortunately that's all I can say about it that's good.I really tried to like it...I even tried restarting the game multiple times trying to get a character combination I could have fun with but it just wasn't happening.  I could forgive the shallow story if the gameplay was fun, but it just isn't for me.  I've played plenty of crpgs in the past and had plenty of fun, but this is just annoying.  The way things are setup, it all but seems to require a MMO-style trinity group, which just baffles me.And ffs, why can't I effectively play a fighter DPS?  Wearing the required protection makes you both slow and innacurate, which kind of defeats the purpose of being a melee in the first place.My experience with this game has been so bad, I'm going to have a hard time getting into any other games like this released in the future.I could go back and play neverwinter nights, a game that is coming up on 14 years old, and have way more fun than this.I'm glad so many people have found enjoyment with this game.  I'm just sad I'm not one of them."
76561197993260961,Recommended,291650,32444030,Posted: 15 June,all,vontasben,Excellent RPG for those who enjoy immersing themselves in the world of the game
76561198028490594,Recommended,291650,31690817,Posted: 11 May,all,Chunk Spadoodie,"Even though it cost 45 million dollars less to make, this game achieved everything that Mass Effect: Andromeda only tried to: An interesting world with interesting lore, interesting characters with fun personalities and unique abilities, fun quests, engaging story, and excellent presentation.Why am I comparing this to Andromeda? Because I hate that game. But do you know what I don't hate? This game."
,Recommended,291650,29375247,Posted: 20 January,all,El Breado,Best RPG of the decade. Cant wait for the sequel!
76561198112964277,Recommended,291650,28154918,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,sone miyuki,"rich story with good strategy,it is for me,10/10 RPG"
76561198031408633,Recommended,291650,15071549,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Chubbles,Let the good times roll...
,Recommended,291650,15149126,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,sharkytowers,"Fantastic game.  You know it by now...  if you played and liked Dragon Age: Orgins or any of the old Obsidian games (Baldur's Gate 1&2, etc) you should pick this one up.Very, very fun."
,Recommended,291650,15231797,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Khaar (Vladd),"The combat is as challanging as Dragon Age Origins, story as interesting as Planescape Torment but yet it's very accessible for new people."
,Recommended,291650,15150559,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,rNineteen,If you like CRPGs pay this company and buy this game.  Great game.
76561197961763886,Recommended,291650,15071444,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Mertz de Nekodamus,"Not quite Baldur's Gate, but it will do until the new Planescape game comes out."
,Recommended,291650,15150560,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Zaemon,"Good, but no romances. Means cannot compare to BG2. It's a little sad, cause good romance script can make immersion splendid, etc. I just hope next time the developers correct this issue/mistake by implementing it with style."
76561198154595383,Recommended,291650,24637067,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,poetryofthedreams,"If you're like me who likes to customize your party and methodically execute your plans in action, Pillars of Eternity won't disappoint. Pillars of Eternity is not TURN BASED though, as battles are in real time. I was reluctant of it at first, but after several hours the fights are generally well-executed. It heavily reminds of me of Dragon Age: Origins, an excellent title in its own right.That said:PROS:-Deep party customization-Engaging battles you must plan for and adapt to-Challenging combat-Immersive fantasy setting-Independent gameplay (i.e. does not hold your hand; excellent role playing mechanics)CONS:-Might be overwhelming at first-High learning curve-Very specific to its nicheBE ADVISED:-Very text heavy-Most 'modern' gameplay mechanics not presentOverall a great game. If you're looking for a challenge, don't mind reading, have the patience and time to spare, and are wondering what a CRPG is, Pillars of Eternity might just be the game for you."
,Recommended,291650,28932793,Posted: 2 January,all,Nauticas,"is good, but a pinch 2 spicy."
76561198089808820,Recommended,291650,25719123,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,imdavidfindley,"Best RPG I've played in a long time. There are two main elements: the tactics/strategy of party combat, which is good; and the actual RP element, which is excellent.To the eye, text and graphics aren't pretty -- but if you use your imagination, (like if you were reading a book, if you have ever done that before,) then it is really a priceless game. This game's strength really lies in it's capacity to open up in the mind's eye, which creates a superb and riveting environment.Most games are graphics intensive and fast-paced, robbing you of subjective imagination. PoE, is primarily text-based and can pass VERY slowly, depending on how much you enjoy projecting your own imagination into the dialogue, events, party, and combat.I am even buying the 15$ music pack, just to because I spend so much time with it. A single conversation with a quest giver can be a hugely interactive and time-consuming event, anyways, so the music should be nice addition."
,Recommended,291650,31941482,Posted: 24 May,all,ColeTrain1034,"It's a little late in this game's lifespan for me to be leaving a review, but I see new people trying it out every day, so I'll go ahead and let my voice be heard. I'm just going to start out by saying I absolutely love this game. No exaggeration, I'd say it's probably in my top 15 games out right now. I have yet to encounter a game that, in my opinion, has such immersive roleplaying elements, while still delivering on gameplay and combat mechanics. There are a lot of nay-sayers when it comes to Pillars, but if you really give it a chance, there's so much to love.I'll start with character creation. I think any hardcore RPG fan would agree that one of the most enticing and sometimes most important parts of an RPG is the character creation. And let me tell you, the options are endless. For those of you who haven't already done research on this game, there are six races to choose from, each of which has anywhere from two to four sub-races, most of which have their own unique powers (the human race is the only one to lack in unique sub-race powers - though it still has sub-races). On top of that, there are 11 classes. If you're counting, that presents you with 165 options based on race and class ALONE. Now add to that six countries you can be born in, dozens of backgrounds, and hundreds of spells. I have never encountered a game like Pillars, where I truly feel like I can make whatever character I want.Once you make it into the game, it really feels like your choices matter. There are hundreds of dialogue options, some only available to certain classes and races, some only available to people of a certain reputation, and the list goes on. Talk about roleplaying; this game lets you be who you want to and approach the story the way you want to. Not to mention a world FULL of exciting and unique lore. In most games I can never make it through all the little books and scrolls you find, giving you backstory on the world. In Pillars of Eternity I can't WAIT to find another book to read.Also, to any prospective buyers who have read reviews stating this game pushes you to a certain play-style, ignore those reviews. Anyone who thinks you HAVE to go on endless killing sprees in this game, or that you MUST have a six-person party, hasn't figured out the intricacies of this game. Will it be harder to play solo? Yes. Is avoiding combat, and staying stealthy a challenge? Absolutely. But the beauty of this game is that it gives you those options while trying to stay as realistic as it can. If you play on solo it will be harder - a LOT harder - but journeying out into a world full of monsters alone would be much harder than going with a group. Combat only gains you so much experience, and after a while, facing the same foes yields you no more benefits. But the great thing is, you can decide, based on what kind of character you've created, if fighting for the sake of combat makes sense still, or if your hero would rather stick to the shadows, avoiding a needless confrontation.Buy this game. Buy the expansion. There's no other experience like it."
,Recommended,291650,15083659,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Goopy,Its OK.
,Not Recommended,291650,15266215,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Litmusdragon,"Great for fans of Baldur's Gate, probably not so great for everyone else ...1. If you like doing lore-filled quests full of paragraphs and paragraphs of text, this may be for you2. I hope you like sidequests. You have to do a TON of sidequests to even level your character. And these sidequests are full of walls of text. And they are mostly boring breadcrumb quests. Talk to this guy, then this other guy, and back to the other guy.3. Seriously if you ignore sidequests, you will quickly find yourself underleveled and unable to continue the main storyline. I did so much backtracking in this game because I accidentally progressed the main story too much. I didn't find this enjoyable.4. Did I mention that combat gives virtually no experience? So if you find yourself in the situaiton I did, underleveled, you can't just go kill critters. You need to go back and complete irrelevant quests in areas that are already in your rear-view mirror, storyline-wise.5. Basically, the leveling curve is screwed up. Here's another example (minor spoiler): About 10 hours in, you get access to this cool dungeon, which you are given lots of lore reasons to want to go and explore. But guess what else? It's end-game content. If you actually try to explore that dungeon at the time that they give you access to it, you'll just get killed over and over.I think a lot of the positivity about this game is based on people who are nostalgic for Bauldur's Gate, because it looks and plays almost exactly like those games. Do you want more Bauldur's Gate? Then you may like this.People who are used to modern RPG design may find this game clunky, as I did."
76561198102463823,Recommended,291650,15062509,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,empsonsean,Finally a game that is worth playing!! If you are into games that have a super in depth story with choices made based on your own created characters personality and dont mind reading get this game!
,Not Recommended,291650,15335642,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Gerex,"I find it hard to recommend this game for the current price tag (+40 Euro).  If you are looking to experience a game akin to the late 90's/early 20's RPG, you'd better off just playing one of the classics, rather than this. There are simply too many issues with this game: everything from bugs to questionable design logic and balance. The only positive things I can say is that it looks pretty, but that's about it. The game lacks depth and is EXTREMELY boring, And mind you, I am a big fan of classic RPGs. The biggest issue I have with this game is it's combat. Here are some issues with the game in no particular order:There is absolutely no companion AI. If you cast a spell, they will just stand still and do nothing after that unless you order them to attack.The pathing is broken. Both for you and the enemies. You can bottleneck a large ammount of enemies around a tight corner, and they wont even attempt to take an alternative route to you and will just wait until the creature in front of them dies before they move up. Sometimes your companions will get stuck while trying to get in range to use an ability.The game areas are ridiculously cramped and your characters will have trouble moving/properly casting spells.No indication of area of effects. Even the animations are misleading most of the time - abilities will hit outside their shown animation.Since the areas are very small, and almost all spells have friendly fire, you will be hitting your own people a lot.You are pretty much required to roll with a tank+healer+dps setup in order to succeed on anything on normal and above.Most spells wont attempt to follow the target you specified and will just hit the ground you targeted at the start.Equipment, consumables and enchantments  are very simplistic. Spells are quite simplistic and very similar as well.Duration of debuffs and buffs is very short, while the cast animations are very long. This, combined with everything else, makes combat with larger groups a massive cluster♥♥♥♥. You need to pause every 0.1 second to micromanage every single thing. It is impossible to quickly respond to disables, enemy movement, enemy spell casting and so on. Most combat boils down to ""cast this powerful AOE and hope that kills the enemies before it kills your tank"".BUT WAIT, THERE'S MORE.The resting mechanic is very tedious. Your mages get a limited amount of spells before they need to rest. Your companion HP is only restored during sleep as well. And you can only rest if you have a specific item of which you cannot carry much, so every few fights you either need to risk dying and savescumming or going back to town to buy more supplies.The game areas are very tiny with not much to do in each one of them. The game world feels dead. The story is boring. The characters are uninteresting. The game is filled with needless exposition, similar to that of Wastelands 2. Click on looking glass on top of a pile of rubble to get a message saying ""there are rats scurrying between the broken remnant of the house"". Why did we exactly need to know that? Why was this area of the map even made in the first place?Okay, I get it. This game is inspired by old classics like Baldur's gate, NWN, Fallout, Arcanum etc. But this does not feel like a game released by a studio in 2015. It doesn't try to do anything new. Quite the opposite, rather - it simplifies some aspects or does them even worse than games that are 10-20 years older.Just go play those instead. You will have a better, more complete, more interesting and fulfilling experience. And it wont cost you 40 Euros."
76561198014782047,Not Recommended,291650,32427739,Posted: 15 June,all,GET OFF ME RICHARD,"Great game, but you can get it much cheaper elsewhere.  There's no reason to pay $45 for it."
76561197971640510,Not Recommended,291650,16111317,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Huggles `,"Avoid at all costsSo many bad design decisions and ideas in one game I have not seen in a while.To call this the scion of Baldur's Gate and other infinity engine games is perhaps a cruel joke, and I was tricked into buying this, regretfully.Just to name a few:To play this game you are forced to use stealth mode all the time, because it's the only way you can detect traps or secrets, of which there are a million, so prepare to be scuttling in a shady fashion with slowed movement throughout the whole game.Many classes are just nothing, while others are absurdly overpowered, and all are very shallow, 1 dimensional and boring: Where in D&D a ranger had a pet, basic spells, automatic ability with dual wielding and a good ranged focus, plus all kinds of kits to choose from, here a ranger has a pet that cripples him when it dies (every combat), and 2 active bow abilities. That's it. That about sums it up for all classes, which are just boring and one dimensional in this game.The combat system is horrendous, discourages any kind of movement and tactics, and is micky mouse fast.The ideal way to play is to put damage dealers in the back wearing only shirts (otherwise they're slow), and only huge armor tanks which can barely move in the front line, and not move at all (Because moving is impossible during combat, due to huge AOOs)The story itself is very weak as well, with all the interest and exposition sucked out of it about 20 minutes into the game and beyond that you're left with no real motivation for any action.In short, it's a massive disappointment. The biggest of the year.Avoid at all costs."
,Not Recommended,291650,33399965,Posted: 9 July,all,The Mentalist (GR),"Propably one of the best games I've ever played....and the most overpriced.You should really stop considering us as a stupid bunch of people and start treating your customers with some basic respect, if you want the same for your future releases... :("
76561198090721946,Not Recommended,291650,15228538,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Magners,"I really wish i could like this game, The sounds, graphics, general flow of the game is great. The characters are ok and developed decently, towns are somewhat memorable, The cutscenes and choices are great. However i just find the story somewhat lack luster like i cant exactly put my finger on it.In comparison to other rpgs of this kind of genre baldurs gate1/2 and torment  it just dosnt compare in terms of the story except that the graphics are better.I would only recommend this game if you havnt played baldurs gate 1/2 or torment."
76561197985058328,Not Recommended,291650,25995525,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,ShinsFortress,"The game itself was fine, and is the second best of it's ilk to come along since all those old Infinity Engine games.  Visually I liked it, sound was fine and the party system was fine.  Quests and story?  Fine.  What's wrong with it?Minus a few points for very poor encounter design & planning in certain locations.Minus a few points for overdoing it with the back placement stuff.Minus a zillion points for there *still* being serious bugs (e.g. entire character inventory disappears)."
,Recommended,291650,15064170,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,SlipGate,Played for 36 minutes with my Razer Kraken Headphones Game is the bomb one of the Best Games in my Steam Library plays just like Baldurs Gate sounds of footsteps go from one side of the screen to the other Headphones in Stereo you can hear the fire cracking when you camp. Characters will leave you if you make the wrong choice. Auto Pausing I don't like what so ever takes away from Immersion. So you can take it off and press the space bar when you want and I think battles can won yet.I hope this game reaches the people who have been bombed by bad games for the past 10 years or so.Divinity comparison Divinity is just as good the only thing I'm not a total fan of in Divinity is turned based combat I wish It was like this game. Interaction with objects is more complex in Divinity.__________________
76561198022750524,Not Recommended,291650,15191502,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,seerdecker,"Buyer beware. Before purchasing or playing this game, do yourself a favor and search for ""Pillars of Eternity: Technical Support"".At the time of writing [patch 1.03], there are several game breaking bugs. It's a pity because the game is pretty fun. Currently, many players have become stuck 30 hours in the game. I recommend to wait until the game has stabilized to avoid disappointment."
,Not Recommended,291650,15276294,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Arcane Blades,"UPDATE: So I log on to Steam today and what do I see?! DLC for POE! The problem? What a JOKE...They want you to PAY for things that should have been the game from day 1 in this back of the bus game that critics and fanbois at large have been raving about... Now you can PAY for DLC that allows you to respec and to have preset AI for your annoying as hell party members?! This was one of the worst game purchases I have made in a long time...DLC like this just reaffirm that I hit the nail on the head with my originally disguted review of this game....overpriced and now trying to chisel more money out of people....these people should be put in the stocks and have rotten fruit thrown at them.This is NOT a good game...what IS a good game in this CRPG style? Shockingly one I missed! You want fun go play divine divinity original sin.. NOW THAT is a damn good game!Yep, I still can't past how♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off I am that I spent top dollar for this crap game....Well...the game looked really cool. So many annoying things. The first thing has nothing to do with gameplay. 77k backers on kickstarter...what some 3 or 4 million dollars...beh tombstones with idiotic quotes from people that donated. Yeah, I know...just sick of having it shoved in my face I don't care.What does bother me so far after only 66 hours of play is....they spent 4 million dollars on this? lol seriously? I get old school...played them all myself....I wonder things like.....with all that cash they couldn't get voice acting for an entire dialogue? The voice acting sucks by the way so it couldn't have cost much....probably bought the janitor a pizza to do a few lines. What they did was start out with a paragraph voice acted then 3 paragraphs you need to read, then another couple sentances on the last page voice acted...wtf is that? That old school or something now? No...it's lame and wrecks the immersion....at least for me.Ok well the classes. Typical sort of old school classes and races. Stats? Again it's sort of like they started to do a really good job....then had the janitor come in and decide that 'might' should control ALL damage in the game. There is might, int, dex, blah blah blah etc.... all dmg is based off might...that's it. Oh and there is another weird thing with hitpoints and endurance which I couldn't be bothered to try to decipher how that works....I don't think it would be all that confusing...but who cares...why did they even do it? I don't see any advantage or challenge.  Oh heals.....you heal endurance there is no way to heal your hps except for rest. Ok rest.....if you want to play on hard mode you can carry a maximum of 2 camping supplies. What does that mean? It means you will be running into town every few fights to go buy some damn camping supplies.....just when you start having fun fighting....gotta stop and run to town...lol absurd.I find the overall fighting system essentially boring unless you are REALLY into micromanaging  each of your characters every few seconds otherwise they just auto attack...If you were thinking they might have come up with somthing cool like in Dragon Age Inquisition for character management so it isn't a MUST to babysit every character....forget about it....wrong game for you. If you bought the game or just have to try it and it makes you insane....just make sure you have a fighter and you pick a trait that allows him to hold aggro on more mobs....found an item like that too...toss plate on everything and just go hack your way though the game switching between the fighter and the priest....wirks good enough,,,,forget about most of the caster they are too squishy (except maybe the driuid which I use) and their AOE cone spells (I bet over half are) are going to hit your frontline unless you take 5 min every fricking fight repositioning them to get into perfect position.....by the time you do this you could have already wiped out the mobs if you just ditched the squishies...Yeah....the spells are unimpressive nothing new really. Most of the spells all do one of three or four things....nothing real diverse. Is it the worst game ever? no....would I say...this game is a must have or even a real blast? nope...all I can say so far is 4million and this was the best they could do? geeze.....Yeah, I was hoping for more....I could go on and on.....I can't say buy it and I won't say don't buy it....I'm just not impressed.Oh...and the lore? I just do not see an overall story at all....a ton of books you couldn't pay me to read...they are awful...I think backers wrote a bunch of the books and the gravestones....they are just awful...it's not lore....just crap....TESO...now they have lore..."
76561198088854529,Not Recommended,291650,15220534,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Callman,"it's below ok, but i can not download my saves!!!!! Pls fix this problem!"
76561198098778067,Recommended,291650,25309253,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Galanii,More user friendly than Baldur's
76561197990676551,Not Recommended,291650,16321680,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,raptordan,"Nice game, BUT TERRIBLE ON A MAC. The game seems to be great fun until the bugs become too much to bear. At the moment, I can't even save (in any form) without the game crashing. This is a known bug that has been around for months by the sound of it. It's horribly frustrating and an utter waste of money given that I spend more time force quitting due to various bugs than playing the game. Hopefully these bugs will be fixed soon, but no word on that yet and many people with problems."
76561198053214743,Not Recommended,291650,15809697,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,hockeysteve54,"Uninteresting characters, slowpaced, combat is clunky and the difficulty of the fight is either too hard or too easy. Very disappointed."
76561198258467471,Recommended,291650,32747730,Posted: 24 June,all,DROP DATABASE,"Baldurs gate II, only better."
76561198019585595,Not Recommended,291650,31763381,Posted: 14 May,all,Elite Seraph,"What should have been an engaging, great RPG instead turns out to be a tedious, monotonous, repetitive, nonsensical waste of time.   So much of this game is based on flawed premise.You don't get experience for killing enemies after the first couple times you encounter an enemy type, but the game is FULL of pointless battles.Combat is literally 90% of this game, and yet it's not something that you actually get rewarded for. Enemies are often immune to half of your attacks, have better ability to hit you and absorb damage than any of your characters are ever capable of. You are ALWAYS outnumbered in every encounter.Roleplaying  encounters are often based on skill checks with no prior indication of what might or might not work.Traps just appear in random places with no indicators of why they'd be there, or how you'd ever know to search for them. They're literally often just random lines on the ground, forcing you to constantly be in search mode(which makes you move at a snail's pace).The game suffers from some of the worst AI pathing I've ever seen, often resulting in your characters getting stuck, or moving in random directions.  I've had characters literally run in the opposite direction of where I clicked.The sound assets keep bugging and clicking in strange ways. Voices often change volume at random.The system of restricting resting is deeply flawed, because not only do your entire party have to rest if a single character gets too low on health, but you also get heavily penalized for not playing perfectly(again, making combat the emphasis of the game, but not rewarding for it).  Many abilities can only be used so many times per rest, but in nonsensical ways that aren't in line with the power of the ability.Basically everything about this game except it's story and lore is a mess.  I've tried so many different ways of playing, and the only way that's really effective is to CONSTANTLY pause and micro-manage every single attack and movement every second.  And not because it's more tactical to do so, but simply a requirement to avoid the idiotic AI and pathing from forcing you to reload due to a failed combat.I can not in good conscience  recommend this game to anyone.  Go buy and play Tyranny instead. It's a better game, for less money."
76561198000806984,Not Recommended,291650,15316597,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,fabhpk,It would be a very good game... if it wasn't for them bugs. Too many bugs!
76561198030663481,Not Recommended,291650,15542285,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,thanith,A great disappointment. Uninstalled today as i could not stand the awful combat system. Thye tried to reinvent the wheel by not using the d&d ruleset but what they achieved is i my opinion simply bad.At least for me the combat mechanix ruin the game so i do not want to play on.I liked baldurs gate a lot but this is NOT like baldurs gate which was fun to play.
76561197983625775,Not Recommended,291650,15503268,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Fractional ≤ Skyrim,"Very disappointing.  All the other reviews just raved about this game, but I found it to be boorish and lacking in any real sense of adventure.  The leveling system for the characters is disjointed and advancement is fairly meaningless.  Quests are lame and the rewards for the quests amount to nothing.  Movement is slow and awkward...  This game reminds me of an old Atari game from the eighties... It wasn't any good either.  Having paid over forty dollars for the game, I expected something much better.  I would rate this game as being a good buy for about $4."
76561197992211925,Not Recommended,291650,15558263,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Boink,"Great at first but lacks an engaging story as well as the pathetic enemy variety killed off all excitement once I realized most dungeons are just filled to the brim with the same ghosts, skeletons & spiders.Different enviroments, the same enemies. The fact that boring (& featureless) elementals were added into this game (blights, how original wow) just showed that a ton of work went into the combat complexity for the PC's characters while the enemies were made to be simple just so that they can be deployed in large amounts.This game is the bottom end of what I was hoping for the 'modern isometric rpg experience'. Prepare to fight over 300+ spectres and spiders.Lives up to its predecessors? Sure, if you just love putting tons of hours into 'mediocre'. Expansion planned? ♥♥♥♥ off and dont bother.6/10"
76561197981176523,Not Recommended,291650,18402878,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Isalon,"0/10 I encountered several gamebreaking bugs that I wrote to support about and long story short they told me it sucked to be me and not to rely on quicksave/autosaves. Just another studio that rushed out an incomplete game and shoved DLC expansions down the throat of its fanbase.Would not recommend. It sucks to be me because I bought this game, but it doesn't have to suck to be you. Learn from my misfortune."
76561198048066158,Not Recommended,291650,22260984,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Mahautsukai,"Normal Mode - No advanced modifiers (eg Iron Man)Here is my experience.Tutorial... walkthrough straightforward.First dungeon... trap instant death... reload. Avoid it...A few fair encounters then through the dungeon.Story stuff...First real map. Game suggests to explore.Find 3 kobolds... killed.Find a cave... killed.Find 3 bandits win.Find 3 wolves... killed.Ignore the zone and go to town.Find stairs... 3 spiders killed.Ignore stiars get a wizard return to stairs.Fight the 3 spiders barely win.Find some orc things barely win.Find 4 orc things... killed.Now here is the part where I do not recommend the game. One, im on Normal and most extremely early game encounters are massively over my capability. The bear two shot me. The orcs steamrolled. In all the encounters (except those two due to alacrity of death) I used ALL my abilities, tricks, and powers... and still lost. This all would be forgivable to me if there was even a tiny nudge of direction of where the hell I am supposed to go instead of just face walking into unwinable encounters."
76561198106276101,Recommended,291650,30345881,Posted: 5 March,all,Uiagneach,It's good
76561198067236873,Recommended,291650,33418838,Posted: 9 July,all,[AsK] Jason,"If you like Baldurs Gate, Icewind Dale etc, you will love this game. The story is incredible!!! Worth each coin!"
,Not Recommended,291650,18220652,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Black Tongue,Just get Baldur's Gate I and II instead.
,Not Recommended,291650,15616978,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,seitor,"Poor performance, for such a simple game I expect rock solid fps but no, the fps is jaggy.LONG loading time, 20 - 30 seconds area transition loading time. This is game breaking bug.This game is promising but poor performance kill it for me."
76561198010741188,Not Recommended,291650,15458234,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,amgold,"Really frustrated with this game so far. Currently unplayable on my machine. In addition to frequent freezes and crashes during loading, it refuses to create saved game files. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling, using different folders, ect. There appear to be other people having this problem and no solution that I can find... I'd rather go back and play Baldur's Gate at this point."
76561198341305406,Not Recommended,291650,29169262,Posted: 10 January,all,timwaagh,"So this is a decent game, I get that it does a good job of making another baldurs gate. however it does not agree with my personal taste- the graphics are unspectacular- the story is too slow. there is too much time slugging it out against the same mobs over and over between progression of the story- the story is mostly told through text and spoken word. cutscenes are few and far between.- you never forget you are playing a game- abilities are standard d&d fare. magic missile all the way.it is supposed to be good at handling player choice however i never felt my choices made much of a difference.This game is a bit boring'. now that's harsh, i know. You just want the game to progress but it doesn't really.now this is not a bad game. it is passable if all you want is to pass the time and it's great if you want a retro cRPG experience. but if you want a great immersive story driven experience, look elsewhere."
76561198027048670,Recommended,291650,25292575,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,el bobo,almost really good ^^
76561197976400969,Not Recommended,291650,17993727,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Oatmeal Pete,"I was enjoying the game then BAM! Game breaking bug. They fixed it, but it took them a couple of weeks and I forgot the story and what I was doing and all that.Don't buy Obsidian products, even if they are good on the surface, folks."
,Recommended,291650,15163064,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,─»Compufreak«─,"Since when am I addicted to RPGs and can't stop playing? Since Pillars of Eternity - I did not suffer from this ""one more thing"" - feeling for many years. Wow! Never thought I could get into classic RPGs. Buy if you are not afraid of reading long text :)"
,Recommended,291650,19310935,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Makla,You must gather your party before venturing forth.
,Recommended,291650,25289996,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,HunT-McD,One of my favs ;)
,Recommended,291650,33825528,Posted: 26 July,all,Cusser,"The game is not terrible. It is not anywhere near as good as it could have been.I do not understand the publisher's fixation with ""balancing"" a single-player experience.I had to wait more than a year for the game's core mechanics to stabilize long enough to complete a playthrough.I understand ongoing nerfs and buffs to MMOs because that greatly affects the community. But if Schmoe A wants to min-max and speed run, nothing prevents Schmoe B from roleplaying. Also look at the very low percentage of players who have actually stuck around long enough to complete this game. But the developer is hell-bent on slapping more than 60% of the game's achievements behind difficult barriers that almost no one (less than 1% of players) ever bother with.In an open question to the developers- If games are about enjoyment-why only reward those who punish themselves? Stated in a different way: As a developer which would you prefer- a game that everyone enjoys and plays to completion, in their own preferred way, or a forgettable experience because more than half the players never get through ACT I?I understand the difficulty modes are there for players who like a challenge, but why spend so much time and effort on 0.6% of your customers when clearly 49% lost interest in ACT I. Maybe you should look at that as your watermark rather than worrying about endless and needless balancing.The game, as it stands, is passable. That's why I'm giving it a thumbs-up. It is however, nothing special and if you have above-average endurance you might actually see the ending. If you don't don't feel too bad about it almost half of everyone who has ever played this quit well before then.As a request to the developer, I would love to see a future game where you guys cater to the min-maxers of the world. I do roleplay playthroughs as well, but I truly enjoy the prospects of min-maxing after that. Best of both worlds.Originally wrote a review on this due to the publisher's controversial pricing policies before and after steam summer sales. With that situation resolved and having subsequently played the game through thoroughly again, I've come to the above conclusions."
,Recommended,291650,23681531,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,sNaKe (karma),"I have no one to play D&D with :(, this game is my substitute.game is not easy,looking into the past of people is cool for the first few times but I got bored of it.8/10"
,Recommended,291650,33527401,Posted: 13 July,all,CLASSIC,yes
76561197995425192,Not Recommended,291650,21399437,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Meanwhile,"There's a lot of stuff in this game, and all of it is mediocre. So if you value quantity over quality, you might enjoy PoE.To me, however, the classes are boring. The new races are dumb. The loot is boring. The endless exposition is super boring. Most of the quests are trite. The bits added by Kickstarter patrons are EXTREMELY BAD. (Letting your fans contribute to your game is never a good idea.) Combat is just about the worst I've seen in an RPG.After 19 hours, I just couldn't take it anymore. Having invested all this time, I still didn't care about the characters or their stories, and I certainly didn't feel like going to the trouble of upgrading my keep again for yet another pointless incremental change.This game is one of the reasons I'm done with Kickstarter."
76561198060959903,Not Recommended,291650,19484686,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,stmalfair,"Fantasitc game but it crashes ALL the time when going from one area to another.  Just this game, not my other Steam games.  There is really nowhere to get support to fix it either.  Unhappy, I want to play it but looks like refund is the only way forward."
76561198066319796,Recommended,291650,18599904,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Kevlar,"Wow, this game far exceeded my expectations and brought me back to the days of icewind dale and baulders gate. I'm enjoying the mature themes and ""realness"" of PoE and it's easy gameplay. MINOR SPOILERS.Pros: Crpg done right. Character custumization and ability to re-roll characters. Ability to create your own party to match your play style. Story is very immerssive.Cons: Old School loading times (I appreciate the effort to stick to the Crpg model but damn haha). Lack of powerful artifacts/weapons/armor, etc. (You can enchant weapons in this game and it's really worth it). Price (Should be around 25 dollars).The game really brings to life what a Crpg is about, strategy, that damn pause option, dungeon crawling and story. If you hate reading do not play. There is a lot to read in this game and if you miss out on the immense amount of lore you're really missing out on the heart of the game. The mature themes and use of foul language really bring to life the desolate feeling the game portrays. You can feel the stress of the hollowborn and the regret that some of the Dyrwoodans have from blowing up a God. The only real gripe I had with the game was the price, I bought it on a steam sale for half off. Besides the price the loading times are barable and sort of help with getting into the feel of the Crpg genre."
76561198122527122,Recommended,291650,32103430,Posted: 1 June,all,Bopbopbop,Best baldur clone i played
76561197971985964,Recommended,291650,25338187,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Imissxcom,"Great game, unlike No Man's Sky, Pillars of Eternity is feature RICH."
76561198141418778,Recommended,291650,30261570,Posted: 1 March,all,nimthosg,-
,Not Recommended,291650,23374245,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Whopper King Steve,"There's a fair lack of character customization in this game, I understand they couldn't just use D&D rules but there was far more variety in how you could build your party in BG and Icewind Dale."
76561198023054470,Recommended,291650,30984837,Posted: 6 April,all,imposter3,One of the best games of all time.
76561197970353213,Not Recommended,291650,15165934,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,uelarthur,"Gameplay is great, but some huge bugs are sucking the enjoment out of it.If you have not bought it yet, it is probably best to wait a few months until it gets patched"
76561198107851083,Not Recommended,291650,16425758,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Purrl,"I wanted to love this game. I had been looking forward to it for months, but right from the get-go I found it incredibly clumsy and awkward. The UI is confusing the the controls made the game near unplayable. As soon as I started moving my character around I felt like going to play Divinity: Original Sin instead.I will say the character and race choices are rather interesting and a bit more fleshed out then I had expected. But ultimately the game was a let down and I went for the refund option. :("
,Recommended,291650,19298247,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Dagdorval,Buy it :)
76561197973545164,Recommended,291650,19284519,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Pomme,Very good
76561198259217672,Recommended,291650,19286032,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,ladeal,wow i love this. i haven't gamed for years this is a great reintrodution
,Recommended,291650,17479843,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Ironic Cropped Furry Pic,"tl;dr: this game is more flaws than fun, and yet I would be wrong to say that it's ""bad."" It genuinely nails what it goes for, and in a way that can be appreciated by everyone, not just those who dribble nonsense about ""AAA games"" and ""this generation"".Pillars of Eternity is a strange creature. It's a game that goes full-power tryhard on reviving the ""extraneous choices and deep worldbuildy flavor ♥♥♥♥ing everywhere"" genre.This includes the authentically un-fun gameplay of tabletop-style resource management for successful endurance-run dungeon delving. It also attempts to refine and polish-not-polish the nostalgically ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay of slow paced combat where actions are measured in seconds instead of turns, and the game can and MUST be paused every two seconds. Honestly, it sucks. I can't even watch my characters cinematically fight it out; I have to do stop-motion animation by pausing to order them to cast spells.Additionally, to appease those who bemoan the simplicity of streamlined, well-designed games (get over yourselves), there's extraneous♥♥♥♥♥♥EVERYWHERE. History books somehow find their way into loot containers, nudging and winking at the player with a ""hey, no pressure, but there's some awesome *worldbuilding* here, maybe you wanna right-click to examine, just saying."" And I've learned not to bother clicking on anyone with a fanciful name who's standing around minding their own business. At least the books give context for the culture and history of the land; seeing an episode from the past life of Waerdvuc Thaeserane is a completely pointless indulgence for some writer that's in love with their own work.And yet... it's all done with a very experienced and professional hand. The writing is genuinely good; this is the novel-ish writing that the nostalgiafriends like to think that all those old games have. This is a game made by people who wanted to write something for you--who used the formula and the genre (the dated formula and the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ genre, or is that the other way around) to create something cool. It's a vast writing project made by people who poured their souls into it (hurr) with the obsessive fervor and questionable priorities of fanfic authors being told in no uncertain terms that their work will be read by millions of people, and they are talented authors who got it right.I'm the kind of person who would normally be so turned off by this game's badness that I wouldn't be able to forgive it--but there is definitely something to enjoy here, even for me."
,Recommended,291650,15132129,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,NaN,11/10
76561197991543680,Recommended,291650,17719989,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Jurt The Head Taker,This is my favorite game of all time and it replaced Baldurs Gate 2 and Icewind Dale 2. I unfortunately don't have the time to write an amazing review but your mom is so fat that when she skid her knee on the pavement gravy poured out....
76561198152961480,Not Recommended,291650,18196684,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,jazzerscott,"I loved it until whitemarch came out.  Once that came out, the game completely crashes my PC.  I can't play the game.  I tried updating all drivers, re-installing the game, etc.  Something about the game just blows up my PC.  I ran ever diagnostic I can think of on the PC and its fine.  I updated all the drivers, not a driver issue.  Everything else on it runs fine.  However, this game crashes the PC so hard that sometimes the OS won't load unless I unplug the PC for minute.  I don't understand how a game could cause such a low level fault.  I'm disgusted by it."
76561198033623405,Not Recommended,291650,17408823,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,richahab,Felt hollow and clunky
76561198036958934,Recommended,291650,15199341,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Kurizu,"I don't write many reviews, but this game warrants one. No doubt it's already been said eleventy million times, but if this helps even one person then my work is done.Pillars of Eternity is a truly amazing game with immense depth.The only complaint I can seem to come up with is that at times combat is very unrewarding, especially on the two harder difficulties, as you don't get EXP from it once you've fought them a couple times. Loot is interesting every now and again though.Also, you can kill everyone. EVERYONE. Take a step back and ponder just how badass this actually is. Npc spoke to you with a rude tone? Mess his♥♥♥♥♥♥up. It may break your game by failing key quests or not being able to get them in the future, but the option is there. I'd be lying if I said I hadn't taken a disliking to a couple NPCS, or just decided I wanted their armor.... :P"
76561198022248281,Recommended,291650,15198229,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Barlone,"Did you like older games like Baldurs Gate and Torment? If so, you will be a bit disapointed. Did you like Ice Wind Dale more? Then you will be thrilled.What to say its isometric, its long, its large, its narrative rich game where you control group of up to six adventures, large dungeons and rich narrative. Overall assesment - its solid, do buy it.------------------I wouldnt go there but authors actually force me to compare. So what bugs me in comparison with above mentioned titles?- Compared to BG series its too linear with little no-quest related areas.- Small variability of monsters - I mean there is of ton of them, black goo, green goo, purple goo even if you fight kobolds, kobold champions, kobold overlords ... they are still kobolds- In fact they are not. In need to look differently from D&D terminology, game uses obscure names for things that we already know. Spells that have totally same effect as those in BG have different names ... not inovative, just protecting from copyright infringement i guess. Same goes for some monsters ...- Kickstarter backpack. I know that the game was supported by fans who invested the development. Its fine to mention it from time to time. But PoE is pushing the fact in your face all the time. Land is littered with graveyards full of supporters, strangers that you can interact only by reading their souls - small story that have nothing to do with the game (aka people who got their reward  to have unique character with backstory in game). Fun point - most of those chaps who are nonchalantly standing around have horrible, terrible pasts - murder, arsony, violence. And if you forget that game was supported by 77k kickstarters ... there is a tooltip to constantly remind you.- Compared to BG maps are smaller, hence more crowded- Souls stuff that is main narrative is a bit contradicting and confusing (compared to be one of the spawn of god of murder)-Compared to BG epic story this one is much weaker and a bit copypasted. Dead god? Check. Main hero with unique soul? Check. Own Stronghold? Check. Romance between main character and henchmens ...oh thats different."
76561198070716952,Recommended,291650,15198169,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,TheThing,"Thank you very much for this awesome game! And thanks for the native Linux version! I am using Intel i5 and NVidia GTX 960 (driver: nvidia-346.47), 8GB RAM with linux Mint 17.1 Cinnamon 64 bit and everything works just fine! LOVE it :-)Highest recommended to all RGP players! Every RGP player should buy it immediately and not wait for sales just to support this great team."
,Recommended,291650,15199251,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Yeti,"Well written companion, a depth of lore, tons of side quests that are all well written (very few plain fetch quests, there is usually at least a minor twist) and an excellant combat system makes this one of the best games of the year."
76561197969516152,Recommended,291650,15197852,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,xmanx59,Great depth and pause is your friend.
,Recommended,291650,23810251,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Trilly D,Dropped scrilla full price played a cool minute its worht it scoop it on sale.
,Not Recommended,291650,16887369,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,pink monkey,Not good.
76561198008868845,Not Recommended,291650,15569768,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,kurzan_dax,"Don't get me wrong, the game has the old school feeling and everything, but I really get upset for some stupid little things that ruin my entertainment. I got that quest to speak with a guy about the ""Watcher"" thing, ok. I have made the conversation with all the dialogue options which took some 5-10 minutes. Everything was ok, until the NPC got hostile and we started a fight... He wiped my party and the only save I can load from, was the quicksave I made before the conversation. So now... I need to go over the same dialogue again, and if I don't defeat him on the second try, I will need to go again and again.  Make proper autosave system please, it's a nice game, but such things are frustrating."
76561197980828827,Recommended,291650,22330627,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,5 Dollar Hooker,Awesome.
76561198168938856,Recommended,291650,22341539,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,neilacannon+2,Very very good
76561198083504507,Not Recommended,291650,24071037,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Bio,"Too much pausing for my taste, AI is frustrating. Would love to love this game, but these two issues are deal breakers and ruin it for me. :'("
,Not Recommended,291650,20313608,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,jabunga,"So, I picked this game up during a Steam sale after hearing so many great things about it. PC Gamer even recently ranked Pillars of Eternity at #20 in their list of all-time best RPGs. I must be missing something, because this game was one of the most underwhelming pieces of entertainment I've purchased in recent memory. The setting is a bore, the characters aren't interesting, the soundtrack isn't moving, and the story is forgettable. People claim the writing was stellar. Sure, a ton of writing went into the game in an attempt to flesh out lore... But quantity doesn't equal quality. I didn't read anything that outclassed standard RPG fare. Just about every aspect of this game can be described in one word: ""meh"".I also wasn't a fan of the stats/itemization. I beat the game as a barbarian. In order to maximize damage output on the barbarian, you pump points into intellect to increase the range of a passive AoE and the duration of an attack speed buff. The best armor I could find for my character was a robe because it allowed me to attack fastest. So... My melee barbarian was centered around a stat normally reserved for casters, and he looked like a wizard. Wtf? Lame.I completely lost interest in Pillars of Eternity after ~40 hours, but I stuck with it. ""Maybe the ending will blow my mind,"" I thought. Nope. If you still want to give this game a whirl, wait until it's 5 bucks or under. The current price tag must be some sort of sadistic joke. If you're looking to satiate an isometric RPG itch, check out the Shadowrun series instead.2/10"
76561198078997529,Not Recommended,291650,20551910,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,professor_chaos_,"This game has so much potential, but the combat mechanics fall horribly short for me. Also where is the loot? I'm already sick of picking up the exact same items with the exact same properties every single time. I really don't need 36 copies of the same plain spear or the same plain sheild."
76561198014606992,Not Recommended,291650,20620329,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Join the war they said,"The propaganda, it buuuurrrnnnnsss."
76561198033645462,Not Recommended,291650,29230724,Posted: 13 January,all,stu,"At best, reasonable. If you want the engagement of Baldur's Gate, this is not it. Similar in many ways, (although I thought the levelling was worse, but others disagree) but I never felt fully involved with the characters or the story line. If youre getting it on discount it might be worth it, but at full price..."
76561198049530632,Recommended,291650,25345169,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,marktulip76,awsome. hope plane scape torment is finished soon
76561198008599944,Recommended,291650,15244657,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Cheerupemokid,Pillars of eternity is one of the best games ive played for a while; it takes everything was great about baldurs gate and icewind dale series and improves on it all. The story is compelling and really puts you into difficult decisions wondering if and how your actions will impact the game later on.The companions that join you are equally engaging.  I would have liked the option of being able to recruit some of the unqiue hirelings/prisoners directly into your party as an option.I enjoyed reading the mini histories of items you find thruout the land and as a plus the inventory management has been greatly improved. There is additionally the campfire and supplies which help you stay out in the field but also be aware you need to resupply after a given point.Overall the game was pretty polished and hope future DLC's will provide more adventures from this jumping point. Current level cap is 12 which seemed like a good point for where the game takes you to.
,Recommended,291650,15066771,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Arasine,"Everything is personal opinion so...If you're a PC/RPG type, buy this !(game expects you to use your brain)If you're a  console/ADHD type, dont buy this!(no one will hold your♥♥♥♥♥♥and call you a clever boy in this game)In my opinion, its really good!"
,Recommended,291650,15067390,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Navigator,"Loving the game so far.  Playing on the 'perma-death' mode so that if I die, that's it.  Game over.  So far, this game is invoking a lot of the same emotions I felt when playing Planescape: Torment and Baldur's Gate years and years ago.  Lots of stuff to read, too.  I like that.  If you want a run-and-gun-hack-and-slash-type game, pass on this.  Otherwise, if you enjoyed the old Infinity Engine games, and like to read very well written text, then you'll love this game.  Good graphics, great soundtrack, too."
,Recommended,291650,23789421,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Gough Whitlam,It's like Baldurs Gate10/10
,Recommended,291650,26005033,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,lamented12,.
76561198209065092,Recommended,291650,31196351,Posted: 17 April,all,Benjamin,"Good game,"
76561198042011451,Recommended,291650,15099506,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,ANALizer,"Oh my god! That feeling! I havn't felt that in a while(no it's not fappeeing)! It's  A pure RPG experience! You can easily spend an hour creating your character.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zb1sKHoQ4Z8That speaks for itself, i also invite you to mute it.Otherwise, some random guy telling me NOT to go in a cave, trying to kill a bear. Goes in the cave, trying to kill the bear, get my♥♥♥♥♥rekt. That's how this game is, you never know when you'll die and im fine with dying because those games that gives you a hard time are getting rare nowaday. I also liked the ""big head npc"" option in the option menu. Thank's Josh. There's so much customization i don't even know where to begin! Whenver you hire a new mercenary or w/e you call it, you can customize it from A to Z. The class, the name, the look, the stats, EVERYTHING! It has its lot of puzzles as well and YOU BETTER NOT SKIP ANY DIALOGUES otherwise you might miss key elements for your um, dialogues options. The soundtrack is very nice too and the game doesn't ask that much pc ressources so it's very accessible. I also regret not being part of the backers, i did not hear about this game until three months before its release, shame on me. Thank's to Obsidian Entertainment for bringing us so many great RPG experiences! Next time, i'll be there to help you stay alive (if it happens again)."
76561198011605890,Recommended,291650,32110509,Posted: 1 June,all,fredagsedb,"The game is well written, great visuals, solid combat, and the DLC is very good too. But as I was playing through it the second time, first time with the DLC, I hit the level cap a good while from ending the game. That really sucks, and I don't understand why an RPG that most of the time is open world, would have a cap and disincentivice players to explore the world and not just stick to main quests. I didn't finish my second play-through. Though leveling up is not everything it's an essential part of every RPG that I just couldn't do without"
,Recommended,291650,25296873,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Bina - victim of dota server,Best isometric RPG of the last 5 years.If you dont like to read!
76561198007267879,Recommended,291650,25294662,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Satris,A wonderful game!  Absolutely loved this game and the 2 expansions!!
76561198006718974,Recommended,291650,22125783,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Glaeken,"Behold the one true heir to the infinity engine games such as Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale or Planescape Torment !The latter's main author is also the lead writer on ""Pillars of eternity"" alongside Tim Cain, who worked on both first glorious ""Fallout"" games,  and  on those beloved gems of mine ""Arcanum"" and ""Vampires Bloodlines"".And you can tell, given the quality of the rich and detailed writing, perfectly setting the scenes of the numerous encounters you'll make in the world of Eora. A world that slightly rise above the general standards of heroic fantasy with many subtle and astute details. It never feels, at any point that the AD&D license is missing ...The game mechanics follow the same logic. Not about reinventing the wheel for IE games veterans, but well thought out changes here and there, will have you reconsidering tactical options or how to build a character. For my part, it's all good !Visually the game is eye pleasing enough, and the Unity engine does the job for the most part. Again for those who have enjoyed Bioware (with Black Isle) early works, you'll be in familiar lands, with that extra touch making it much more than just a sort of reboot.Also, if some parts of the game can be found combat heavy (I personnaly enjoyed them), most of the experience seemed to me quite varied between exploration (with light puzzles), dialogue phases, a (very light) management part with your forteress and often many ways to solve a quest.Finally,I can only recommend this beautifully crafted CRPG to anyone who enjoyed the aforementionned masterpieces or who would like to discover the genre ...*Update*Just a thought / wish : Now that Obsidian released ""Tyranny""and seeing how beautiful it is can they just patch PoE to this sweetness looking ?"
76561198129640167,Not Recommended,291650,25391072,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Blue Embers,"As other have mensioned, this game you consciously want to enjoy. You want to immerse into a story and a fresh world of fantasy and adventure. The end result, may fall short. Conversely though, you may disagree as say those are strong points though.But as i have played PoE, lost interest and put it on the back burner, come back to play again, and stop playing yet again- i've come to the conclusion that it's not me not figuring out how to enjoy it, or that im missing the point.The problem is that the game attempts to throw so much lore and information that it drowns you and itself in it. When i want to shoot fireballs in the midst of a furious battle, i dont want to decipher what ""Igors spirit balls"" next to ""Xanthors Praise"" does. Its horribly confusing and detracks from the situation. When you're not doing battle, you're reading novel long dialogues as told by NPC's you'll forget quickly. If you want a lore rich story, this game may be your tea, personally, though, my patience isn't quite as strong. Creatively though, its outstanding, and its creators poured thier hearts into its development, and thats praise worthy.Next, the characters are uninspiring, and thier cohesive tie-in at a team capacity is ambiguous at best, and a chore to figure out otherwise. I have little idea what each sepparate class does, again because of the terrible naming of thier abilties, and because you are told literally nothing about thier class.Simply put, it's not that fun to play and it devolves into a chore as it goes on. If you enjoy the areas i griped about, you'll probably love it, and hats off to you, maybe it wasnt the cup of tea i expected it to be. It is what it is."
,Recommended,291650,15084567,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,JabbrWockey,"If you liked Divinity: Original Sin or Baldur's Gate II -> Then this game lives up to the hype.  Well done, Obisidian."
76561198049949381,Recommended,291650,19797889,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,lancelot2001ca,"Acceptable hack'n'slasher. Kinda linear. Went through it twice, and it's SSDD.This game should be called Pillars of Loading... man, do you have zillions of loading screens in there, some of them should not even exist as the area loaded is so small!The big downside is the dumb pseudo turnbased-realtime crap. It is so stupid. Your character just stands there doing nothing. It makes the game look like a joke. At least put some animations dudes! Like bowyer takes an arrow, ♥♥♥♥♥ it, aims and then when it's his time to attack, he shoots, not all this just when it is is move to do. This is extremely badly made and shows the same crappy combat system from Knight of the Old republic, except that it looks slightly less silly than that other game since Star Wars is futuristic and is fast paced with jedis doing some acrobatic moves, and so on (but not in KOTOR, they hop left and right without moving from their spot lol). If you want to do this turnbased-realtime crap, at least give us some animations while your turn ends. Who's the idiot who conceived that stupidity of turnbased/reatime mix that I space him? This is the stupidest idea that ever existed and still people use that stupid idea still.I do like the feeling, but it is far from Age of Decadence which is a REAL Role Playing Game where choices matters and you can get assassinated, promoted, and all sorts of fun things can happen to you according to your choices. Or Divinity Original Sin (now enhanced, even better) which is a much much better hack'n'slasher with a story. I prefer that game over Pillars of Eternity because of that dumdum turnbased-realtime crap.The graphics are good, music and sounds too. But those are just eye and earcandy and have nothing to do with the game itself.I love the option to hide non, some, most or all metagaming information. It really improves the gaming experience and adds replayability.... now if only the choices you can take would matter... I've been playing for a long time now and I have yet to see any reactions to the choices I have taken by the game. :/I hate level-based systems, they suck. It would be better with an xp system that you just improve your character by improving your stats and skills. Level-based systems are primitive and used by very lazy and uncreative game designers.Again, another game with races that do little or nothing. You are a class before being a person, which sucks and why I prefer Age of Decadence where you play a person and not a dumb class.If you can get it under 20$ it's worth it, anything above that is overpaying for it, because that stupid turnbased-realtime crap ruins this power-gaming adventure game that could have been excellent... but now it is just okay.I still recommend it, but under 20$."
,Recommended,291650,19345312,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,mrfreeman08,Play it
,Recommended,291650,30303615,Posted: 3 March,all,Tbrynn,greta game love every minute of it but glitched game that wont let me farther in quest line
76561198076553275,Not Recommended,291650,16106859,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,otsdarva,"While the writing and characters were good, the combat system suffers from having an out of combat health bar and an in combat health bar called endurance, which is a fraction of your total HP. It feels like the devs didn't want people to breeze through combat, so you are routinely facing monsters with 500+hp at level 3 when you only have an effective 60 Hp or so. Seems real balanced."
,Recommended,291650,15150004,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Scary Monster,BUY THIS GAME.
76561198032570210,Not Recommended,291650,34515548,Posted: 26 August,all,Deviance,"SpoileralertFirst of all i wonder how such an old game can have THIS MANY bugs, just like their other game Tyranny and im not talking about bugs that make u like uhhh whatever im talking about bugs that BREAK your only savegame on a expert,trials of iron and path of the damned mode. Im the translation (in my case german) is bad as ♥♥♥♥, several nonsense translated sentences, often even irritating and completly wrong translated, nomatter quests, esp on abilities, everywhere. but thats one thing, im stuck on the second part of the DLC white march, i killed the kraken and i did choose a random guy i´ve hired because my tankguy (eder) died early in the game BUT the game often takes the wrong charactername even if u choose the right guy. e.g. i let xy go to a hole or whatsoever but it shows my maincharacters name. So i was like ok just that bug BUT HELL NO HOE it really took my maincharacter and she died due to that event. Now im stuck outside with a random char i just cant leave the ♥♥♥♥ing area, theres no way to get out of it because this randomized character is stuck in there. Damn in Tyranny my tank was stuck due to a bug and couldnt take part of a fight, savegame broken as well. Literally 40 hours for NOTHING but this huge♥♥♥♥♥♥I highly recommend this developer to get some straight programmers who can do a job right, esp for this old game. So far 60€, thanks a lot incompetence in its purest form."
76561198007365314,Not Recommended,291650,35072744,Posted: 19 September,all,Nightfall29,"I would like to say that I respect what the game creators were trying to do here, but I just can't... becasue I don't.  This is merely a poorly done retread.Let's be honest:  Baldur's Gate 2 set the bar for CRPG's of this style.  Let's talk about what made Baldur's Gate 2 greatt and compare it.1.  Baldur's Gate 1-3 had a great story.  I'm not going to write a huge paragraph explaining why, but this game does not.  Anyone who has played both (and I expect that's quite a few people considering this is kind of a genre niche gmae) and is HONEST with themseles and others will have to agree it doesn't measure up.2.  Baldur's Gate 2-3 really came alive due to the great voice acting.  I'm sorry, I know that costs some dough to do, but not as much as you think if you use less well known voice actors.  The age of reading large boxes of conversation and flavor text in boxes is over.  Let's be honest, it's OVER.3.  The most important thing and the thing that wouldn't be as costly as voice actors is that BG 2 had fully fleshed out NPC's who came alive due to having their own agenda's, pasts, problems, likes, dislikes, and the amazing amout of interactivity that was created from this with your main character AND all the other NPC's.  Heck I had to NPC'S in BG2 bicker for a long time and then throw down and try to kill each other because they were just too different in alignment/ethics!Bottom line this game falls FAR short of a similar game in the genre that is 10-15 years old.  That's just inexcusable.  I could overlook a lot of this if the game had been say... $19.99 or so, but no, it's the same price as actual top shelf games being put out today, and that is just insulting.  The gameplay is a retread, the story is dull... I'm about 70% through and I just can't muster the will to finish it,  This comeing from a guy who has finished some crappy games and books, just for the sake of completion.I give this game about 5/10, but that's a crime considering the asking price vs. what you get."
,Not Recommended,291650,23673937,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Downtowndog,"I hate having to give a game like this a thumbs down. I'm a huge fantasy/rpg fan and the Isometric gameplay grew on me quickly. This game had great potential and was fantastic graphically, story wise, and controls. It was a tough game too. You had to think before you acted and use everything strategically. So where did it go wrong? The game had horrible mechanics, unfair/unbalanced positions, and it was an overall pretty irritating game to play. Upon starting my first game I wanted to be a monk. After a few hours i realized how hard it was and decided to start a new game as a paladin. I made the same choices and saw that the game had the same obstacles, but combat was WAY easier. After looking online a bit, it wasn't hard to find fan-made lists showing what classes not to play and what classes were best. It didn't matter your play style: Druid kicks the Ranger's♥♥♥♥♥any day. The game felt like it wasn't an RPG with certain classes, abilities, background, and skills being far superior. A game with so much potential, ruined with unbalanced numbers."
,Recommended,291650,15195987,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Radene,"Right, here we are. What to talk about? About the worthy succession of the cRPG genre from ye olden days, when the timeless classics like Baldur's Gate and Planescape: Torment reigned? About the quality of writing, consistency of a completely fresh universe, game mechanics and visual and audio effects? I'm sure most everyone is already talking about that.Let's try a more personal approach.I've set out to promised lands with a settler caravan, and got sick after a bug bit me. 80 hours real-time and several months game-time later, I stand above the battered corpse of my very persistent, detetmined and resilient enemy who has caused me so much grief through so many lives. I'm also having a quick deja vu moment of the Fortress of Regrets while I ponder what my final act will be.In this time, I've come across so many characters and experiences, ended many lives of everything from arachnid to kith. The journey got off to a slow start. Leaving me with many questions and few leads to pursue, but soon I would find myself wrapped up in a plot greater than me, greater than one could be in a single lifetime, and one that was threatening to drive me insane, at that.So, keeping my mind together as much as I could, on I went, doing tasks from epic to mundane, making a name for myself, soon gaining the following of several troubled souls whose destinies seemed to be inevitably intertwined with mine. Hrm, another deja vu moment, right there.We narrowly escaped death many times (and I had to rewind the time many more times) in pursuit of that elusive, shadowy figure. And not only that, we also whacked a bunch of local troublemakers along the way, solved their own personal problems along with mine, and finally caught up with and put down the one who caused everyone so much grief. And I can finally get some sleep, ""No sleep for the Watcher"" is true on both lore and meta level...But now that the story is over, I can't shake the feeling that this is not the end, that my journey is not over, and that I will again have a pivotal part to play in the events that will shape the future of the world. Which brings me to another deja vu moment, and leaves me with the anticipation of returning to Eora soon.My work is not yet done."
76561198009807951,Not Recommended,291650,24063313,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Fore,PILLARS OF SPACEBARPreface:  I got this game for $20.TL DR: Great game if you like pressing the spacebarPlaying normal mode and having to space bar every single second when fighting dragons and some of the higher level mobs just so you can survive the battle is not my idea of a good game.  I can expect to constanly use the space bar if I am in hard or elite mode but on normal mode?  Gimme a break.  The last patch nerfed the Cipher and the petrify spell.  Expect your party to be  one shot killed by dragon breath.   Unless you have no life and have all the time in the world to modify your party members then do not expect to complete this game on normal.I dont feel so bad cause I only spent $20 but if you still want to buy this game wait for it go down to 10.
,Not Recommended,291650,30485182,Posted: 12 March,all,Sickening,I wanted to like this game.  It just has some huge flaws.The speed settings are incredibly tedius.  The slow is too slow and the fast settings are too fast.  What about a regular speed?  Why is this not turn based?  Leaving the fights on a fast speed leave me wondering what in the hell is happening.Spells are barely worth casting and 2hand melee is a joke.  Your options that actually work are tanks with full avoidance and ranged characters with guns.  Anything else makes the game harder without any benefit.Gear is boring.  While the combinations of crafting and enchanting are pretty wide all that really matters is how much damage your weapons do.  The unique weapons aren't very interesting and come rarely enough that it doesn't really matter.  More than a full day of playtime into the game and I team has mostly basic items slightly upgraded.Fights are either super easy or painfully hard.  Not much in between.  Going back to the spells and abilities being lackluster I find myself just letting the AI take over fights as the results are worth not dealing with the tedium of micromanaging every action.The journal is a head scratcher.  Why do we need 3 different types of quests in 3 different sections?  There is virtually no difference that is meaningful.  Why can't i hide finished quests?  This seems like stuff that should be figured out in beta.Quests are sometimes intersting but mostly forgetable.At the end of the day I am wondering why in the world I paid 30 bucks for this game.
,Not Recommended,291650,25714126,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Adam,$30 worth of DLC to complete the story that should have been included with the game.  Sporadic voice acting (either do it or don't).  Cardboard cutout NPC party members with boring and unimaginative backstories.  Devs couldn't be bothered to create more variety in the NPC party members so they instituted a build your own mercenary system to save some time.  Game world feels small.  No Workshop and/or mod support?  Really?  I had high hopes for a modern Baldur's Gate/Neverwinter Nights but it just isn't up to par.  Time to load up BGII Enhanced edition I suppose.  At least they had entertaining voice acting.
,Recommended,291650,33440262,Posted: 10 July,all,Viking,is gud
76561198032720228,Not Recommended,291650,17527811,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Martini_Time,"I do not have the patients for this mirco management  simulator. Killing four wild boars should not be a stressfull, keyboard breaking experience. I dont know just not my bag I guess, Just wish there was a demo so i could have saved my money."
76561197991808695,Not Recommended,291650,15315087,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,acesahn,"An old school RPG that lacks in story, cannot possibly make up for it in other areas, in my mind. That said this game has a lack luster story, and oddly amaturish writing at times. I started this game the day after I played Planescape Torment. I bought it from GOG to see what all the hype was about, since POE used Planescape and Baldurs Gate as lure to get alot of there kickstarter money from. When I played an hour of POE, after playing an hour of Planescape the day earlier, I was blown away. Planescapes story, writing, characters were excellent... I couldnt get enough! POE on the other hand, disapointed. I dont remember how many hours in, but eventually I stopped caring about the main plot and the lore and was just going through the motions.So hows the combat then? Inferior to the games it was homaging in every way really. By trying to steer clear of D&D influences and create there own IP, the created a generic, cliche D&D Diet game, that really just blends in with every other fantasy game, from the races, to the classes. There all just D&D like classes, without the complexity, without the multiclassing, without so much that made the games it was trying to homage great. Add in pathfinding problems and idiotici companion AI, its a step backwards from games made in the 90s.In the end, POE banks heavily that you will like it for the sake of nostalgia and little else, but even then, it came late to the party. This is post Divinity Original Sin, a game in the same fantasy genre but dont much much better. Post Wasteland 2, post Shadowrun. This game shouldnt be able to recieve so many praising reviews, when its just another nostalgic game."
76561197960440272,Not Recommended,291650,15471382,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,tyfighter,Stupid.  No explanations for anything.
76561198014921375,Not Recommended,291650,18282644,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,cosmicandre,Haiku ReviewRepititous play.Nothing new to the genre.Way overrated.
76561198090832502,Recommended,291650,31816827,Posted: 17 May,all,[Weed] Lag_Hamster,"You like DnD, RPGs, and RTS games? then this is the perfect game for you.In terms of customization you have many races, classes, stats that affect the scope/range/variety your character dialogue, attributes that determine your character's prowless in specific situations, and skills that present different builds and playstyles.The RTS gameplay is solid. It's only limited by having to pause mid battle to manage your team of companions.Companions have backstory and their own story quests, they interact with you and other companions, it's fun to have different combinations tag along.Dialogue and story are great. Your character's choices in dialogue can influence other npcs and quests. You can influence them but not to the point of changing an npc's ideals completely, which is good. My experience with some quests end up like this:Me: I'm sorry you lost your parents kid. Kern didn't mean it, he actually asked me to save you and your parents.the kid: IMMA KILL THAT ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!Me: Well...****....Me: Hey, look. I don't wanna fight you, you can't leave the underground right? maybe I can free you somehow? you seem like an ok guy.Dragon: Ok, if you really wanna help me, Imma need you to TRANSFER MY SOUL INTO A LIVING VESSEL.Me: Well...****...Me: Hey, look. I want to resolve this matter with as little kills as possible, can you grant me a safe path to the (evil guy I really should kill) lord's chamber?Animancer: Oke, but you have to promise NOT TO KILL HIM.Me: Well...****...Eder: Hey hey, how bout we go along with her plan and then ****ING BACKSTAB HER on that promise, eh? Oh ****, I said that out loud didn't I.Me: Yep, but dat dun matter, Imma do it anyway, thanks Eder.Man, Eder is a bro. Don't ever leave, Eder."
76561198141950631,Recommended,291650,18716124,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,D'amarr from Darshiva,"Time to give this a thumbs up. Merely for the statistics. This is no attempt at reviewing everything the game offers or doesn't. There are many detailed reviews already. It has not been a troublefree road since the first release, but meanwhile that's history, because several patches have not only fixed bugs but also changed the game in various ways to improve it actually.As of version 2.0 and ""The White March I"" extension, which I consider a must-have, what I like about this game is more than what I don't like. For example:- the possibility to create all six party members yourself, ignoring NPC companions and taking NPCs into the party only to finish their side-quests- the various classes, races, skills and spells - many spells!- the classic levelling up from a weakling at the start of the game - which for many is also the best part of games like Baldur's Gate- the party-building : not only are you free to mess up your main player character, you can also build completely wrecked parties or the infamous ""all of the same race"" parties- the option to retrain your main character for a little sum of gold - the same for NPCs, but only back to level 1 (i.e. you cannot alter their attributes)- crafting, especially to enhance weapons and armor- the combat system : unforgiving - try to hack'n'slash without giving it a thought, and you'll lose many battles in a matter of 1-2 seconds- you don't need to aim at creating parties somebody considers ""completely over-powered"" - you can go with what works for you- the music- the various water and tide effects- the village Stalwart"
,Recommended,291650,32793802,Posted: 25 June,all,Sub37,This is a fantastic game. Worth the price even with the small increase of price.
76561197979530057,Not Recommended,291650,26738106,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Pilot37,"I was a keen D&D player in my youth so I am always on the lookout for an addictive classic.+ Very nice art work as you explore, even if a bit grainy on full settings.- Lore....If one is meant to read this stuff then at least make it entertaining and not a chore.- Story, cliched?...magical events and utter nonsense that kills immersion for me personally.- No immersion or attachment to main character or followers whatsoever.- Magic overuse.....- And dull hand to hand combat with no sense of drama at all.- Suicidal enemies?"
76561198182972738,Not Recommended,291650,17536691,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,mingwei89,All hype no substance....Very difficult to level up and takes away the grinding element that is a staple for many rpgs.Story very difficult to follow and still scratching heads as to what actualy happened and why it happenedi had high expectations only to be disappointed.4/10
76561198112679991,Not Recommended,291650,18347568,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,nicolas.schifano,"i wish i had spent my time on another game.Graphics are poor. gameplay is repetitive. side quests uninteresting. whole game is short overall.read ""vile zergling""'s review. it is accurate and fair."
76561198005907490,Not Recommended,291650,16583880,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Oggy,"The game is divided in 3 parts, Fighting, Talking and Looting.Fighting:- Terrible AI and Pathing- Repetitive despite a variaty of enemies- Quickload is your best toolTalking:- half the time, your conversation choices don't include what you want- parts of the dialogs are voice acted, most are not and they cut between one anotherLooting:- Strange looting system- You can have an infinite amount of gear and all of it be unlessI would not recommend this game to anyone, not unless it's in the 5$ range.Stay clear of this one."
76561198072815929,Not Recommended,291650,15278846,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,ncummingsroy,"Seemed like a great game, until a game-breaking glitch where foes WILL NOT DIE occurred. Not worth it."
76561198019219227,Recommended,291650,15853477,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,[XIII] Vindictus Vorn,"I was very hesitant to buy this game, but am glad I did.And the more I play it the more I like it.Originally, I did not want to buy it for the following reasons, especially its comparisons to older CRPGs which although I liked back in the day, had no interest playing a clone of one these days for teh following reasons.1) Although I enjoyed CRPGs like BG, BG2, and IWD back in the day, I do not really enjoy them now.2) From the videos and screenshots it did not seem like I would like PoE either.3) I am an IP junkie, and usually do not like Fantasy RPGs if they are not Warhammer, Lord of the Rings, Conan, etc, as I get worn out seeing the many new and made up worlds that are not classics like those I mention.4) I dont like single player game, I like to have the option for coop or multiplayer.5) I thought the price was too expensive for yet another CRPG type game.BUT....after making the plunge and buying PoE, all I can say is wow....Here is why:Right off the bat, during the ""first' loading screen I could tell just by the graphics, it was going to be a beautiful game.Also, I was very happy with the character customization and not being force to play pre-existing characters, as in some RPGs.Then when the game started, I could tell this game is a large leap above and beyond the classic BG, BG2, or IWD of yesteryear.Not only are the graphics a leap beyond those beloved older games, but the way the game is presented to you is immersive and interesting.For example, not only are their voice overs, but when given a choice of your reply, you have sometimes up to 7 choices, unlike some RPGs that only give you 3 or 4.Moreover, there are these text screens where a narrator tells you a background to the area or situation you are in and let me tell you, that usually in the past, such a thing would have made me drowsy and bored.NOT SO IN THIS GAME!Those screens/windows are like having your own personal ""Dungeon Master"" due to the writing style.Thus, you not only get great voice overs, great response selections, but also a Dungeon Master type text narrative,The result of all this is IMMERSION...something I demand from any game I play, for if I am not immersed or engrossed I get bored.So let me say this...WOW, is this game immersive, and I am just starting! Can you imagine as I get deeper into the game.Then there is the combat....it is challenging and interesting and fun.And the fact I can zoom in with my mouse wheel and see more detail is WIN WIN for me and is always something I want.You can tell the developers really really really spent a lot tender loving care making this game. It is high quality in all aspects and has class.Finally, I wanted a REAL RPG...not a action RPG like Diablo 3 or others where my hand and fingers get tired of clicking.No, I wanted something that I could wrap myself around, take my time, get into the story and become immersed, while still having a great combat experience.This game so far has given me all that.So, in conclusion if you are looking for a game that gives you that great feeling from the old days, where you would settle in for the night or on a rainy or cloudy day, for a good immersive, fun,  adventure with great combat, sound, music, voices, and graphics (CRPG style), then this game is for you.In addtion, if you yearn for those days of yore where you sit back and listen to the Dungeon Master spin a tale of fantasy adventure, but now ""just for you"", with the shine and polish of a professional writer (text screens), then this game is for you.Not only is it worth every penny so far, but seems I am not alone in this opinion.I am going to spring for the upgrade, so that I have more background lore to read in the digital almanac, as I love lore in games."
76561198081606493,Not Recommended,291650,21349386,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Grommbir,YAY BES♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME EVAR!
,Not Recommended,291650,19529118,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,krash__,"ENGLISHThis game is a joke. It crashes regulary and from its features it looks like its out of the 90ies. Finally its really boring. Ok crashes, you could restart, but later in the game it also gets terrible slow and laggy on a fast computer. What does this sort of game need perfomance for anyway? Probably memory leaks, looks like its a pretty bad implementation. Well to put it short, it gets unplayable on my system and you can't play it further.  I bought it while sale, but still 21,99 wasted.Gameplay -- The battlemode is not turnbased and is no fun at all. The graphics, text and sound are not very engaging. There is really a lot of text, but not a developing story. The whole game is like the crappy version of shadowrun with a real bad battlesystem + crashes and lags. I cannot recommend this. Its ok for 5-10 Euro, if all this bugs are removed. Obsidian sells a not working game here.  I wonder that steam is ok with that. And i can absolutely not explain the good reviews of that game here. Because even if that game would work, which it doesnt, it would be super boring anway.DEUTSCHDas Spiel ist nicht zu empfehlen. Crashes, Performanzprobleme. RPG-Gameplay eher unterdurschnittlich umgesetzt, Battlemode fail. Kurz gesagt ziemlich langweilig, durchschnittliche Grafik und Sound. Selbst wenn es funktionieren würde wäre es maximal 5-10 Euro wert."
76561198046142143,Not Recommended,291650,20271457,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ravioliblack,"Well the best i can describe this game is cluster♥♥♥♥. From character creation, story, combat or walls of backer text you will skip. It also feels rushed. It got so anoying i just stopped playing. I might resume just to see this story through if i can stomach rest of the game."
76561198030755805,Not Recommended,291650,20827617,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,cwaldie,"I thought this was going to be a good game. I read all the reviews and everybody praised it. I started enjoying it, but as I got farther in the game and understanding the game mechanics it baffled my mind. Priests are supposed to heal and don't heal. They have a  health bar and an endurance bar. The endurance bar is your actual life bar. My priest couldn't heal anyone. My magic users were pretty much worthless. You couldn't pick your spells in the beginning. I thought that was weird because it was all pregenerated for you. I am a mage at heart and this game was nothing good about mages.prosgood story linegraphics were decentchanter class was gooddruid class was alrightconsvoice overs were not completegame mechanics was blehhard to level your charactermage class was not goodpriest class was not goodNow watch I get the ""fanboys"" after me for writing this review. I have played RPGs since AD&D came out. This was like WTF to me. Oh and I loved Obsidians version of Baldur's Gate."
76561198248993694,Not Recommended,291650,19433249,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Abenza,"Play divinity:original sin, its better."
76561198133109689,Recommended,291650,32290555,Posted: 9 June,all,Bouer,Excellent. I thoroughly enjoyed it.
76561197972310636,Not Recommended,291650,21614571,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,HunterGerhart,"I enjoy this game, as do I many other classics in this genre. However...As a fan of stealth gameplay, PoE sorely disappoints.I will accept that not all quests can or should be completed through stealth; I will bite the rope and drag my knuckles along the dialog trigger zones and enemy placements that deny the option of subterfuge if only to prove myself wrong. The stealth has potential......but I cant say that I enjoy moments when 'scouting' is broken to forcedly listen to a statue/ghost. Then, after a very long conversation (time stands still) the enemies (who were previously unaware of you) now know where you are (because your stealth mode was toggled off). While I might chalk this up to poor design, the plot also fails to accomodate stealth.""Someone saw you pilfering inside the archive, hand over the cheetos."" Said Thug A.Ok, so I'll reload and make sure to not get spotted. Thug A won't be able to trail me to my destination if no one was aware of my involvement. The result of my test was omnipotent awareness and a dialog zone of the finest divination scripting.Course I could always activate invisibility (which is roughly ten seconds duration, in-combat only) and flail my arms about immortal to escape, but the quest requires that confrontation to trigger the related NPC dialogs.If you enjoy the six man RPG bash'em style of play, go right ahead. If you expected a no-detection stealth playthrough, there is none. Thumbs up for concept, thumbs down for execution.I do enjoy luring enemies into one another, even idle npcs fight to survive (sort of) - DOOM/10"
76561198061436581,Not Recommended,291650,24109742,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,towers1591,"This is the worst rpg I've ever played.  The progression of the game is poor and acquiring companions is difficult unless you go explolring everywhere.  THe Temple of Eothas was brutal with the Shadows etc and only Aothas was really hitting.  The difficulty of dungeons early in game don't follow your character level.  No healing spells and a max of 2 camping supplies means at times you'll need to run to a inn to heal often as on ""hard"" level you will get hurt alot.  The story is uninspiring and boring.  Don't buy this game!  If you want a good rpg buy Divinity Original Sin, or the Dragon Age and the Witcher series of games!"
76561197976612595,Recommended,291650,32437309,Posted: 15 June,all,MechZahn,"Don't listen to these negative reviews the price of the game and the DLC is the same as it ever was.  Were talking a pretty big game here and the DLC from what I've heard is even better then the base game largely due to  Obsidian listening to the fans and incorperating what was missing.Obsidian is by far one of the strongest brain childs in the world for good RPG devlopment. This is the core team from Fallout 1 & 2, New Vegas, Knights of the Old Republic 2 and the newest hit, Tyranny. They understand that part of making a good RPG is to first create a world worth exploring. I remember years ago Hmbomberguy doing an excellent break down of how  Obsidian's appraoch to game design brings the player more into the world and it's events more organicly. It has a lot to do with not hand holding and just letting the player play the game as they see fit.It's rare we get a game devloper willing to take risks and after a decade of making sequals,  Obsidian is finally making their own IPs. I think this game and Tyranny are worth the money. It reminds me of Boulder's Gate and Neverwinter Nights but with a different world and a different story. It's just the mood it invokes. It's also a very pretty game for what it is.I think the hate it gets comes from people who can't wait for sales but that might just be me."
76561198112858037,Recommended,291650,19338315,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Blackbeard,anyone who likes oldschool rpgs like baldurs gate and icewind dale series will like POE.great game MEOOOOW
76561198030721319,Not Recommended,291650,15988260,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,hansi.hinterseher,If a game is sold as OSX game it should be able to produce more than a black screen. Unplayable => Do not buy on OSY
,Recommended,291650,30902720,Posted: 2 April,all,anduin at lys,good
76561197996390481,Not Recommended,291650,15437345,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,andibandit,"I woulve given this game a 9/10, but after spending 6 hours on that stupid adra dragon and giving this gamne 6/10"
76561198007947984,Not Recommended,291650,26653273,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Varivox,"Played on launch, was a great game then. Decided to go back and play again and I can't access my save files (load/continue options are greyed out and can't be selected). Waste of time now.Heard it might be an issue with windows defender/firewall, disabled them completely and still nothing.Would love to play again, but game is worthless to me since I can't access the save files.Would love to recommend, but can't as I don't know how prevalent the bug is.Having the same issue with Tyranny on GoG, from the same people that made this game."
,Recommended,291650,24041695,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ifuleu66,Buy it.
,Recommended,291650,15152903,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Bandit King,I played both B1 and 2 and this....wow...I'm gona play this now.
76561198007136327,Recommended,291650,24830188,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Gorwe,"IE fans: ""WELCOME HOME!"". Everyone else, enjoy a very nice story. Here is my review of PoE now that I've seen the entirety of its core story:Reasons to play Pillars of Eternity:+ Gorgeous artwork(both in visual and audial and narrative scape)+ Obvious IE homage(you love BG etc)+ You love good RPGs with tough decisions etc+ You love good writing+ As of writing this, the balance is very nice. Nothing feels too much out of placeReasons NOT to play Pillars of Eternity:- You want action combat- For combat in general(due to how xp works etc...you quickly lose every and any motivation for it)- You want modern mechanics such as enemies scaling etc- You don't really want to read- You expect BG 2(you won't get it)- Multiplayer etc(As is obvious cons really....aren't. Pros are real otoh)Overall, Pillars of Eternity is a fantastic return to a good old tradition of cRPGs. Something that has been missing more than people ought to understand. I'd be first to admit that I DO prefer the overall combat and gameplay orientation of games like Skyrim or TERA, but stories like Pillars'...no comment. My final verdict is a WHOLEHEARTED RECCOMENDATION and a fair:84%Welcome to Eora, welcome to Dyrwood, welcome to your next grand adventure! Have fun! You will, trust me! ;)"
,Recommended,291650,30106667,Posted: 22 February,all,Dick Kickem,There ain't even that much Eternity.
76561197977340758,Recommended,291650,23788791,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Odin,nice
,Recommended,291650,31977822,Posted: 26 May,all,Cerberus Creed,"If you LOVE Dragon Age Origins and The Elder Scrolls Oblivion, you will LOVE this game. Please get it!!!! Companions are great, this game is fun, just awesome game!!! 9/10"
76561198052989751,Recommended,291650,15072764,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,atravers,"Edit: I have played a few more hours of this game. So I will change the review.remains: It is not for casual players, who need to be warned. Don't waste your time with this overpriced game if you are a casual player. Don't expect great graphics, but they are as good as any we got back in the days of BG. There is alot of reading to do, and you have to do it. Which I like.It was not too hard. I just had not been told by the game to level up my characters. Now it is challenging, but fun.Remains: needs a better tutorial. You only get a manual if you pay the most expensive price. Expect to spend alot of time on the internet.EDIT : The areas are more interesting than Baldur's Gate. But BGs  voice acting and story was better in my opinion. SPOILER: I do not really like games as mystical as this one. I liked my D&D adventures simple and adventurous with a hero to match.Don't expect another Baldur's Gate. It is as good or better than Baldur's Gate 2 and better than Icewind Dale series, etc."
76561198051442628,Recommended,291650,25297424,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,bugstar0,"Amazing, fun, challenging."
76561198060421127,Recommended,291650,25295853,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,S1ickReed,Great game
,Recommended,291650,15203602,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Hellen Grog Keller,Killed some dirty basement dweller and took her decaying cat.Now it follows me everywhere!  I named it mittens.11/10 - would cat again
,Not Recommended,291650,20050912,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Ricky,"It seemed like a good RPG I could dig my teeth into over the holidays. However it just isn't worth £13.99. The game is 50% loading screens and 50% gameplay. It has great dialogue, looks awesome and there's plenty of reading to do but the gameplay, I felt, really let me down because of this.You'll find yourself travelling to inns to rest your characters a lot, as campfires are required to rest. Campfires are rare to find and are expensive to buy. There isn't a great deal of gold to find, so prepare to embrace yourself for all of those loading screens going back and forth!If you haven't heard it is a difficult game, on the easiest difficulty setting. I feel this wouldn't of bothered me if it wasn't for the resting system they've used. I find myself avoiding travelling to an inn to rest (just to reset my abilities so I can continue playing) because it's so damn tedious and those loading screens! Oh god so many of them.Other than those points it's a good enjoyable experience so far! Can't stress enough how gameplay time really is eaten up through the above mentioned..."
,Recommended,291650,30312306,Posted: 4 March,all,Zldw,Badlur's Gate 3.
76561198048162316,Recommended,291650,25237415,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Raois,When is the sequel coming out ?Thats all I have to say about this masterpiece.
76561198049672986,Recommended,291650,25253830,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,qwert_44643,Awesome game...really like it..havent beat the game yet but continously return to play it...cant wait for POE2.....cant go wrong if your a fan of role playing and dungeons and dragon type games.....say it once more...you cant go wrong.
,Not Recommended,291650,20614723,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Prospero666,...I wish this game was turn based. I lost interest because of the RTS elements.
76561198004956773,Recommended,291650,25206206,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Milky (homie),11/10
,Not Recommended,291650,15909834,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Radiatoryang,"NEGATIVES:Like, everything. Why would you want so much of a game to rest on an arcane combat system with 20 different damage types and 500 different spells? Who thought this was a good idea? How can this game be anything other than arduous? I just want to walk around and go on adventures and talk to weird people. Why does this game put so many mindless obstacles between me and that? This is like D&D with a DM who thinks the best part of roleplaying is looking up numbers in a table, rather than storytelling / improvisation / socializing. Totally misses the point. Emotionless, no stakes in anything. A limp♥♥♥♥♥♥of a game.PROS:Environment art is nice sometimesEder voice actor has a sexy voice"
76561198058043953,Recommended,291650,15631211,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,kandnm115709,"Religion = EvilAtheism = GoodStory is not that interesting, especially during the last part of the game. Gameplay is way better than Divinity: Original Sin (except for the pathing issues). Sound is acceptable. Graphics are meh.Fun game. I expect a sequel in the near future."
76561198012915042,Recommended,291650,26558892,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,erlingheusm1,gret game
76561198034960142,Not Recommended,291650,28495009,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,thegrassyknoll,"They should change the name of this game to Loading Screens of Eternity with Endless Rebalancing.My computer/videocard/internet connection are all super solid. Yet the amount of time loading screens is unbearable, totally immersion breaking, and ultimately boring. The further you go in the game( and more items/levels gained/ and places visited) , the longer these times become. At some point in chapter 2 or 3 you will be up to 15-45 seconds for a screen to load! Now this would be semi reasonable IF it was a one time loading time, but no, click back to the same screen you were just in, and wait the same length of time again. HIYA!! Due to most every mission being a 'fetch quest', this is insanely tedious. This is a 2 dimensional game with painted backdrops. Is there really any excuse to have a loading time of more than a second or 2 if your computer vastly exceeds the minimum requirements to run the game?The endless 'rebalancing' of character classes is just outright ridiculous. This is one of my biggest pet peeves in the current gaming world. Rebalancing has a place in PVP games where some builds are simply unfair to the opposing players. In a party based rpg game, rebalancing should be minimal. RPG=roleplaying, if every charcter class just has a different flavor of DPS, what is the point of classes to begin with? Classes serve a role, so what if some classes are vastly better at a role than another class? Is that not the point. Endless nerfing in current gaming is silly. As long as another class is better at some other function, who cares if the first class is 'overpowered' at the first function? They literally rebalanced/nerfed classes so often during first 8 months of release, that some parties became obsolete and you had to start again!!!! They literally adjust the classes so much that their role to the party would change! Unbelievable but it happened. As evidenced by my 300 plus hours playtime, and never bothering to actually finish the game."
76561198032062514,Not Recommended,291650,33300410,Posted: 5 July,all,lazzarus170882,"A poor attempt at a new Baldur's gate. Boring, messy and totally uninterresting. Can't recommend it, go play baldur's gate, go play fallout if you want a good RPG. This one isn't"
,Recommended,291650,33296779,Posted: 5 July,all,Guinea Pirate,"this game is great. the devs are awesome. stop paying attention to all the paradox BS, theyve already reversed their pricing decision, so chill. people need to calm the ♥♥♥♥ down and enjoy this awesome ♥♥♥♥ing game that obsidian created."
,Not Recommended,291650,28816460,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,xXBobby_Hill92Xx,"It's an okay RPG, nothing amazing about this game. Characters are not memorable, game abruptly ends after defeating the boss and it is poorly optimized. Looked great in the screenshots and I loved the artwork, unfortunately the mechanics are a bit unpolished and the storyline is just dull."
,Not Recommended,291650,25896207,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,TS Son,"Please Read this and other negative reviews before buying. The story is amazing, but the actual combat gameplay has some SERIOUS errors.I really didn't think I would be giving this game a thumbs down, but here I am. This game isn't bad, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.Before I say anythign else, I do want to say that the majority of the story is fantastic. If it werent' for the story, I would have put this down and never picked it back up. SO if you only care about the game having a good story, ignore this. Just flip the game to storymode and go through.The basic tl;dr:What really held this game back was it's balance. It felt like the game was made by a bunch of amazing writers who have no clue about mechanics and balance. Every fight was either too easy or too hard, there was no middle ground. Fights where the enemy had 2 or more healers felt almost impossible. I'm going to break this down into what I think caused the balance to fall through.Companions:The companions are very well written. I can nitpick ehre and there about certain personalities, but that's preference. The writing and creativity behind them, brilliant. However, it's embarassing how poorly created they are. the cipher hero come sin with some medium armor and dual weilding, for example. I tried to make that work, but no. It doesn't work. Don't do it. Every companion could have been made better by anyone who understood the mechanics. I'm sat here looking at the barbarian companion wondering why she has 4 ranks in stealth Or why the ranger is using a fox. The fox isn't even a major part of her story. There's no reason that pet couldn't have been more useful, like a bear or wolf.This is negated by the fact that you can create your own companions and roll with them, but you miss out on the story behidn the companions, AKA one of the big reasons you're playing this game.Class Balance:The creators missed the mark big time on this. They did a great job on the wizard, fighter, Cipher, and priest. Everythign else has some glaring issues. The druid has an awesome spirit shfit mechanic that they can focus on, but putting them in melee range is suicide. The barbarian, rogue, monk,a nd any class that isn't the fighter or pally trying to be a melee DPS can't do that. You're either in full plate and specc'd to tank, or you die too quick. Medium armor is not viable. This is because the game punishes you for not specializing. Every person in the group needs to be extremely one way or don't bother using it. Then there's the palladin. The palladin is jsut broken. It's a tank, it's a DPS, and a healer all in one. a team of all palladins could trivialize this game. No joke. The hardest enemies in the game were AI palladins.Basic mechanics:They tried too hard to not be DnD. The stats all were way too complicated. Nothign was every just ""this increases your damage"" Every stat governed an X, Y, and Z and come complete with a wall of text to explain it. In the end, the system encouraged you to be a generalist, but the combat punished you for it. This was a giant issue. What ended up happenign is you chose between defenses, damage, and being able to hit. They only pushed this further by shields and armor. the heavier the armor, the slower you moved and attacked. Then the shield, the better the shield the more accuracy it sucked from you. So a tank had low accuracy to begin with, too another accuracy hit for the shield, then moves and attack at 50% if using full plate.Lastly every character can engage a max of one person. You can spec this to go up to 3. So unless you chokepoint a lot of fights, you will have enemies on your backline.Spells:With a handful of exceptions, spells are either useless, can only be used in specific circumstances, or can hurt your allies. This is one of the biggest factors in my opinion. If there wasn't any friendly fire, this game would be a lot more doable with spell casters. However, because there is friendly fire I couldn't really use my best spells. I could use targeted AoEs on backlines in big fights, but that's about it. I had to just sit on some of the highest damage spells because they fired in a straight line, did their damage in an AoE around the caster, or if I did use it I'd hurt my front line really bad and prepare myself to lose. SIngle target dps spells are not common in this game.If they released a patch tomorrow that fixed all the broken balance issues, I'd change this review so fast it'd make my head spin, let alone yours. As it stands, the actual video game side of this video game really dropped the ball for them. As of writing this I'm still working on the White Marches, and the only thing keeping me in the game is a desire to know more about the story, the world, and the companions. If it wasn't obsidian tier writing, I would have tossed the game out a long time ago and not even thought about it twice."
76561197998000292,Not Recommended,291650,15163494,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Bellatrix,"I understood that this game was crowdfunded when I purchased it, but quite honestly, the rough edges on this are not bearable.Half of the time I try to launch the game, it crashes.  There is no fast travel mechanism, so unless you find an exit to a dungeon, you can't leave.  The inventory bug described all over the internet is, quite frankly, game-breaking.Any major developer would have patched the game at least twice by now."
76561198218721252,Not Recommended,291650,35099936,Posted: 21 September,all,orsoghu,"I had high hopes for this game. I was looking for a good rpg where i could customize my character class, feel involved and care about npcs, but i didn't find any of this in pillars of eternity.first of all the game is incredibly short. i reached the final boss fight while also doing most side quests in maybe 40-50 hours.secondly, the story is VERY boring and dull. It's a story no one cares about, were very little is explained until half game and were you don't give a s*** about the outcome of your actions.the npcs are forgettable, uninteresting and completely avoidable.finally your character's class is customizable but eventually you still end up doing the EXACT SAME SEQUENCE OF ACTIONS in every fight.avoid this game at all costs. i'm glad at least i bought it during sales."
,Not Recommended,291650,15339932,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Xionanx,"TLDR:  Bought the game at full launch price, feel like I wasted my money, when the game is under $15 it will be a decent buy.Game launched with game breaking bugs, inbalanced combat system, poor design decisions for combat and spell mechanics, poor intergration of ""Backer"" content, poor intergration of of the ""Stronghold"", a generic story with IMO no real ""hook"" to attach the player to it, a non-sensicle rest system, and a slew of other things that could have been done better.In general, I expected more from industry veterans.  In the age of ""kickstarters"" where developers supposedly have the freedom to make the game they WANT to make, I fear that we are going to discover that a lot of these developers needed to have taskmasters forcing them to make the games the way they SHOULD be made.Isometric View, top down, ""Real Time"" pausible combat games are NOT new.  And Pillars was promoted as bring back the ""Feel"" of old school infinity engine games.  There is one major problem with that reasoning tho, those games continued to advance and evolve.. to grow, based on player feedback, into a more user friendly and enjoyable experiece.  You cant ""go back"" and dredge up all the bad things the weighed those systems down, and then bring NONE of the ""Fixes"" that made those games enjoyable and playable.Pillars of Eternity developers ""Want"" to convince people it is a ""Tactical"" combat game, but they give players NO real tactical options.  The game falls down flat on its face when trying to get to ""gritty turn based tactical decision making with consequences""..   In a nutshell, if you ""find"" the right items , you can auto-attack your way through the entire game, even on its hardest difficutly.   The enemies of the game all have DR, making all ""fast"" attack weapons nearly useless.  To ""Win"" you simply put on the heaviest armor you can find, with the biggest hitting slowest weapon you can find.   The developers new this was an issue, which is why they removed ""Accuracy"" from being bound to your stats, as the easiest way to ""Win"" was to simply max accuracy and build a arbegues firing squad in plate mail.   Sadly tho, the change still hasn't ""Fixed"" this issue..  and the developers ""nerfing"" the arbeques and reload speed chants after the game launched again shows poor long term design thought.I expect by the time the game hits patch 8 or 9 it will be more balanced, assumign the devs take the time to do a pass on all the ridiculously OP monsters who can one shot you if you aren't in platemail.."
76561197966664228,Not Recommended,291650,33823394,Posted: 26 July,all,Djtooth,"Good game but the company is scummy in raising the prices for steam sale. Sale is a few weks over, and this game costs $100 with DLC. Way higher than release. (Not a $100 dollar game)"
76561197992270248,Not Recommended,291650,25179657,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Zuntullah,"Good story, terrible combat system and rules.This game is nothing like Baldur's Gate series."
,Not Recommended,291650,26020737,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Zesty Mordant Soul,"Nostalgia trip or true succesor to a bygone era?Great graphics, would of loved to have played something like BG2 back in the day with this level of fidelity. With that being said, the world art, characters, writing, and general gameplay pace are no where on par with a classic like BG2.This game is rife full of frusterating difficulty curves that if your not up for a completely unfair challenge, often times ruin the flow of the game's narrative.It is a good game, and if you are a vet of all the golden age ISORPGs then pick it up. HOWEVER if you are here because you want to experience what a previous generation grew up with, or because ISORPGs are trending etc, do yourself a huge favour and go buy the enhanced edition of BG first; in comparison this game is truly a mediocre attempt at emulating a bygone era of DnD games.Better yet, go find a copy of Planetscape Torment, really treat yourself compared to this game."
76561197999754280,Not Recommended,291650,26530260,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ThreeDayBeard,"I wanted to like this game, and what little I played of it, I did enjoy.  But I hate that Obsidian as a company released a game that wasn't really finished.  I started playing this game multiple times and never was able to get very far because they would ""update"" the game, and almost none of the bug fixes would work unless you started over on a new game.Worse still, they would CHANGE things about the starting characters and stats, and none of those changes (ostensibly done for ""balance"" purposes) would take effect unless you... right... started all over.I lost faith in them as programmers because it wouldn't have been that hard to make the game changes permanent on my save-- they were just lazy.  As far as I know, they're still changing the game.So I vowed never to touch an obsidian game again because they can't leave well enough alone.  I wouldn't touch Tyranny if they gave me a free copy because I know they're just going to do the same thing.  Maybe 10 years from now I'll play their game again.  They'll probably have finished it by then,"
76561197971926508,Not Recommended,291650,23502959,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Captain Angry,"This is an inferior version of Baldur's Gate 2.  Inferior writing, inferior class design, inferior combat system, inferior encounter design.It's worth maybe £10-15.  Until it hits that price, avoid."
76561197970507764,Not Recommended,291650,21270407,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Philadeos,"I'll keep this simple:An ambitious and artistic game with a very good, and new, combat system that creates interesting new synergies and a wide variety of playstyles.  I do feel, however, that this depth would have been MUCH better realized and executed if they had chosen to use a full turn-based system.  There is a LOT going on and the 'action' based system simply becomes a chore of 'pause/unpause' micromanagement.An interesting and well paced story, marred with shallow and nonsensical party NPCs (except for one who is almost TOO subtle).  I liked many of the scenarios that hearkened back to old-school RPGs such as Darklands.  The devs usually presented several paths to the objectives depending on the general skills and interests of the party and player.Ultimately, the game falls flat on its face for the compromises it had to make to receive funding.  EVERYWHERE there are constant, dissonant and disruptive reminders of the business end of the game.  Almost every NPC that does not directly provide you a quest or a service is a 'backer' sponsored 'ad' ripped from that fan's favorite fantasy novel, game, manga, etc.  Far from contributing to any cogent narrative, their existence in this world simply adds to the overall feeling of shameless marketing on behalf of the publisher.  At least the developers insisted the biographies of these easter-egg NPCs be professionally written, rather than simply allowing a torrent of fan-faction, but it does little to conceal the true motive.  The gravestones also are simply horrible, each one is jammed with dozens of names of sponsors, it turns what might have been a nice gesture toward a few key sponsors into an almost insulting money grab where backers are piled up like wood in a potter's field.I have adored many of Paradox's titles over the years, but the way in which they conduct business is simply too far a good deal of the time.I think it bears comparison to Wasteland 2, a similarly imagined and executed project that managed to not lose its way and dramatically mar its artistic vision as this project, unfortunately, has."
76561198219559303,Not Recommended,291650,23877675,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,james_strube,"For myself, long loading times are a deal breaker for games. I can't immerse myself when I'm constanly staring at loading screens. This game not only has very long loads (30-55 sec) between areas but has so many areas, and one is constantly required to move repeatedly amongst them (ie. Defiance Bay and buildings in every town). I find myself staring at loading screens (or TV) sometimes longer than actually playing. And I have a high end gaming PC with a top of the line video card. For my wants, simply unplayable."
76561198003479161,Not Recommended,291650,23473912,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Wizard,"Insane amount of times that we have to load in this game and load times range from 15-40 secons each time, even with people that have high end rigs. This has been a problem since release for many people and no fix or mention of a fix from Obsidian. Other than that, it is a fun game."
76561198029828587,Not Recommended,291650,25176637,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Melancholic,"Nostalgia should be kept safely in the distant past, where it can be enjoyed for all time without being spoiled. What you have here is a nicely made example of a genre that has not aged well at all. Go play the Witcher series again, seriously."
76561198056005292,Not Recommended,291650,18141633,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,haldagan,"tl;dr:5/10 for now for me. Game doesn't cost it's full price. Pretty medicore overall.Pros:- Nice graphics- Can be interesting for a while due to lore/backstory/fresh mechanics, etc.Cons:1) Lots of talking about nothinga) Almost all quests are straight and simple, with just two sides of conflict. Usually the only actual choice comes at the very end and consists of:- [I sympathize you] Let them be- [I sympathize your opponent] Kill them- [I don't want to kll anybody] Blah-blah-blah, please be nice to eachother.b) I personally don't like lots of, say, ""graphomania"" in QUEST dialogues (like *he ferously sniffs the ground* or *she disappointedly stares at open window* insertions all over the text). Also those unnecessary backstories, especially when I don't ask for them.c) Good idea, bad implementation of reputations idea. It makes dialogues look more complex than they are, while not giving any major impact on the playthrough. It adds more ""graphomania"" in dialogues. So instead of plain ""Yes"" and ""No"" you actually get:-Yes-Yes, and here take 200cp just to show how generous I am.-_insert some stupid joke here_-No. I will kill you.2) There were bugs, there are bugs, there will be bugs. All of gamebreaking bugs are fixed (I hope). Some minor are still present.3) Stat/talent/combat system. I understand, that devs tried to get away from DnD, but this is TOO far.a) Poor talent variety. Very few talents can actually change the way of how you play a character. All other are straightforward ""bonus +X to Y"".b) Minor stat influence on combat. There is no much difference of how you play fighter with 3 might and fighter with 20 might. There is, however, a small difference for a Wizard in the same situation.c) Combats. Repetitive copy-paste combats. The enemies differ, the tactics stay the same:- Tanks tank.- Crowd controllers control.- DDs deal damage.Literally. You just take the same actions every combat. There is not even such a thing like ""hard decison of whom to target first"". You just target DDs=>CCs=>tanks.4)Items. Crafting. Buffing.This has been told a lot of times before me:Unique item variety is pretty poor, crafting system is crippled, buffing almost never makes any sense (except for food prebuffing / rest buffs).Verdict:Developers gave up on almost every interesting aspect CRPG could have to provide ""balance"" and ""casual non-punishing gameplay"".Where ""balance"" means ""by no means give a player even a chance to DEVASTATE ALL THE ENEMIES"" and ""casual non-punishing gameplay"" means ""by no means give a player even a chance to fully fokc up his playthrough due to player's poor decisions"". As a result we have interesting at first glance non-punishing non-rewarding gameplay. Can call this ""visual novel with tactical combat elements""."
76561198252430820,Not Recommended,291650,31828142,Posted: 18 May,all,jaredwilk,"Super fun, but culminates in a disappointing end. Didn't quite have the werewithal to finish the last battle."
,Not Recommended,291650,16369000,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,y u heff to be mad?,"Massive disappointment, mechanically. I started with a wizard. After the first area, my party members were killed in a scripted event. From that point forward, I was unable to find a character who could tank for me. Every fight I could find, even against single enemies, would exhaust all my spells, and any fight with two or more enemies was 100% guaranteed death. If Obsidian didn't want players to choose a wizard to start out, then they should not have made it an option. I don't know if I'll be able to go back to it again."
,Not Recommended,291650,16423279,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,JTR The Hobbit,"I was looking for something that had the qualities of a Baldur's gates and Torment for the story and overall rpg ""stats"" game system, but with updated ""modern"" graphics, GUI and ergonomy as good as recent games like Dragon Age I for exampleInstead i got something that seems incredibly outdated and slooowwwThe zoom & camera is difficult to move, a real annoyance, the ""fast pace"" is kinda non realistic, the character customisation is really feable, the game is a HUGE wall of text with crappy animations in between, where there should be (we are in 2015) HD animationsThe story is probably very good, and the intro is promising, but I have been bored to death after one evening of play... They should have used a better interface like those in modern game, to make a game that has the depth of old times, instead they choose to go with an old-fashioned interfaceIn comparison, Divinity Origin of Sins is 2000% betterNot recommended"
76561197963854962,Recommended,291650,32813424,Posted: 26 June,all,smithshady,I baught this game during the steam summer sale. No regrets the game is outstanding all around great game that will keep you interested i have played just a little bit and am having lots of fun doing it! Also to all those Bah Bah Sheeps Paradox the company that did the price change is donating the extra money earned to charity or will give you extra games or steam currency after the summer sale is over. First time I've seen a company actually respond and amend the problem jees.
76561198135937530,Recommended,291650,25301378,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,陈玄奘,please get chinese translation.
,Not Recommended,291650,19426058,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Ryuu,"Never played a game like this and I hope never again. The game on easy was impossible. I had three people in my part against one ""normal"" wolf and died every time. I spent 20 hours trying to pass one wolf. It's rule unclear and the game felt like it lacked direction from the beginning up. Recomend it to no one. Not even my worst enemies."
,Not Recommended,291650,20404820,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,MDN,"DISCLAIMER: Do not get this game if you have ever touched a ♥♥♥♥♥♥, do not live in your parents basement, are not a 30 something with acne problems, or have no understanding of how D&D works. Jesus this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥.."
76561198002308919,Not Recommended,291650,15069981,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Gorgeous_Joe,"Normally I would do a good indepth review but you really should know if you are going to like this game or not........I like it so I dont whine when the Cave Bear kills me in one hit........thankfully im not playing it on hardcore mode otherwise I might cry......WTF steep learning curve but three F8 loads later I decide to return to said bear with a party of 3 and not just me........Funniest thing so far......I click on a barrel and my elven wizard gets hit by a poisen arrow which kills him instantly.....not knocked unconcious.....maimed......just dead......little portrait gone dead.....made me lol and hit the F8 keyThis game truly is made by hard core fans for fans and its so strange not being spoon fed adventure for a change.......great game but does need a patch or two for a couple of glitches that really are not worth mentioning.I'm just going to enjoy reading the negative comments........the bear has me lol alreadySo 80 hours in and its all so dissapointing now, positive review to a negative,.......and having read some of the other 'sensible' negative comments I understand now where its all gone wrong. All the characters that you meet or can create end up just being a meat pie with whatever pretty label you slap on the tin......they may have a different name and face but underneath they are all pretty much the same.Usually the most interesting characters to play in games like this are Mages and Rogues but instead of being influenced by classic D&D this game is heavily influenced by current online generalistic I want my character to be able to do everything generation. Mages spells are so uninteresting and you literally have to be stood next to someone to cast a spell at them......I guess someone wanted to be a battlemage class but there are no classes in this game just generic one size doesnt work all. The rogue class is just your MMO DPS generic class with afterthoughts towards traps and skills which incidently anyone can learn.....so your rogue can be slapped in full plate and sent to the front if you want. Priests are just as crippled as Mages when it comes to spell casting and its all damn confusing......so many spells that just seem either useless or the same; I want my priest to heal, bless and make the undead explode......but instead priests in this game are used to fight elementals??? and I think the bard class is used to combat the undead......It all starts off so well but eventually it all becomes so dull and you become so easily disconnected from your party and the adventure you are supposed to be having.I think what this game ultimatly shows is how desperate fans are for a game like this. I will no doubt finish the game and I dont regret spending the money but it aint high fantasy D&D style and would advise buying it on sale if you are a fan of Baldurs gate and if you are a fan of Icewind Dale then I wouldnt buy it as some Legendary tales I guess can never be lived up to."
76561198098414839,Not Recommended,291650,19426770,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,d_rape,"I spent an hour making a character. This was after I decided I didn't have the time to read every race and culture description available. Once I started the action I was expecting a tutorial of some sort...I didn't get what I expected. You're dropped into the middle of the action and you pretty much have to figure out for yourself how you use your different skills/powers/spells. I am not a fan of linear adventures or being led around by the hand, but you have to train the players how to play the game before you have a total party kill. In total I spent 4 hours wandering around trying to figure out combat (I still don't know if I have as I have always been numerically superior in each engagement). Trying to figure out stealth and trap disarming. There was a little discussion about camping, but not enough to really figure it out. There are plenty of different races, cultures and occupations, which means there are a bunch of character builds. This so far is the only thing I can give an unmodified nod of approval to. Other aspects of the game not so much. The poor tutorial, and the extreme verbosity of narratives and exposition, makes every scene a grind. Don't buy this until it drops in price significantly and only if they fix the tutorial."
,Not Recommended,291650,16753685,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,LVL 99 Slime,Game breaking bugs that honestly should have been handled a long time ago.Priest says kill the zombie i do zombie respawns so i kill it again. turns out you need to talk to the zombie and get info from it first before you kill it. still respawns but is perminatly hostile towards you so you can't talk to it. unfortunately if you are on hardcore mode with no backup saves you have to restart the game.
76561198133796150,Not Recommended,291650,33779155,Posted: 24 July,all,aylwin.s,"Playing this game on win 10 pro.Running a I5-2500k, Maximus IV Gene, Samsung SSD 840, 16gb Ram.Using latest patch. And even after 2 years they still can't fix the savegame issue. Already used every guide on the internet.Really a game breaking bug."
,Not Recommended,291650,22210636,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,President Trumpu,great game
,Not Recommended,291650,16011580,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,GreenJelly MIC,I lost interest...
,Not Recommended,291650,24123569,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,MadPanda,Borring♥♥♥♥♥♥ that crash after 20h of plaing
76561198027880363,Not Recommended,291650,16538428,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,BayneRav,"Ironman on hard difficulty... after leaving cave where other 2 companions perish to a pillar activation... ventured into valewood, unfortuantly agroed a group of outlaw camps thinkining they would give more dialogue to enlist there services.. Considering im Chaotic Evil (is that even possible?) instead immediately attacked and Killed me.Considering Ironman forces 1 save with no load, it was good attempt to actually play how RPG are meant to be.Not like these Ohh imma save constantly and reload when the battle does not go the way i plan... Alas start from Scratch so no the sting of defeat. fortuantly early so back to square one.In conclusion, Perma-Death so so challenging, hope to force rest of the continent to bow before there superior with my iron fist of vengence.10/10 will prove that death is not the end. Only setbacks"
,Not Recommended,291650,17780074,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,StudSeth,"Game mechanics are slow and clunky. Graphics are rudimentary at best. Moving across maps is pretty painful, and actually gettin you character to interact with things is slow and often requires a bunch of clicking around to hit the right spot. Plot seemed good, but couldn't get into the gameplay far enough to find out."
76561198111489690,Recommended,291650,32734142,Posted: 24 June,all,Tixo,"great gameplay, great game, recoomend this game its a really well done game :)"
76561198078828645,Not Recommended,291650,17066212,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Tilton,There isn't much of a story or intro.  I'm sorry I bought it.  I wouldn't recommend it unless you already are a fan of the series.
,Not Recommended,291650,15401803,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Thijxx,"not.. a.. clue..A zillion buttons and options and when completely micromanaged I get killed in a single hit by one of the first enemies. Completely lacking any overview or big picture so it leaves me completely in the dark about what I am doing, where I am going or should be doing.RPG's are the best, D&D is awesome, this game is oldskool but in every aspect so I guess it would be great 20 years ago.40 Euros for this game is batshit crazy."
76561198042537457,Not Recommended,291650,15326211,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Omnipotent Entity,"The game mechanics are a joke.The number of spells there , are a joke.The Castle you get is ... just look at how they did the castle thing in NWN2 , gather ressources to enhance your troops and castle and fight armies that will try to storm your gates.Here you just spawn in the middle of your castle with some enemies right before you..... ready to slaughter ...It is just♥♥♥♥♥♥POORTo even write Baldurs gate or Icewind Dale in one sentence with this game is BLASPHEMY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!It is an interactive book nothing more."
76561197983031657,Not Recommended,291650,15326482,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,shredder_x,"This game doesn't allow straight powergaming and thus is boring. You are forced to play it in determined pace, which is annnoyingly slow. I just don't like running around the game just to give the authors a chance to drop some more of their ""worldbuilding"" effort on me. The game system and the world look like they were built by simply twisting already existing examples, almost by an algorithm.Hell, maybe I have simply grown up."
,Recommended,291650,29413726,Posted: 21 January,all,EmoJesus,"Played for nearly 3 hours, Can't kill the 5th enemy in the game on easy. Wizards are useless. 1/10 would not play again."
76561198024776977,Not Recommended,291650,20344800,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Aerawen,"i want to commend Obsidan for going back to their roots first with Wasteland 2 and here with Pillars of Eternity.   its a good game,  but not a classic.      the world here just feels bland.   around the 10th hour it hit me.    it was the writing.   the writing is technically solid...but its cold and unfriendly and you just really want to skip through most of it.    writing like this is how we lose the RPG in RPG,  where the game becomes more about action and combat.   so while the game brought back plenty of good things,  its failing in immersion.  The combat system which others have touched on...well i guess it was someones pet project, and they won out...but it isnt fun.   BG2, now that was fun,   Yet you dont need a good combat design to make a good game if you can pull off the story....see Planescape.    Sorry I cannot recomend this game."
76561197976700970,Not Recommended,291650,19908949,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Webrider,This company doesn't take care of its customers. You cn buy the combination upgrade pack for what I bought the original for. I have to pay full price for the upgrade pack. I suppored the company and the game when it first came out. If I had waited I could have the upgrade and the game. Now I have to Pay twice as much for supporting the company in the beginning. I am not impressed with companies that leave their original customers behind while grabbing for new customers.
76561198040357664,Not Recommended,291650,18778082,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,jimbleed,"Game seems cool, but crashes everytime I restart it.  Lots of issues with loading saved games.  Avoid."
76561198006765810,Not Recommended,291650,15149411,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,MrPink,"Go play Baldur's Gate 2.More detailed review here, if you are interested...The game will give you your money's worth, timewise - if you do the side quests, you will easily hit 60 hours on hard difficulty.Act I and Act II are well made, but unfortunately they set up the stage for Act III, which is a major letdown.Combat system is either unfinished or not thought through - it is acceptable for trash mob fighting, but for big fight or boss fights, it is lacking and transforms challenge into needless frustration. What am I ♥♥♥♥♥ing about?- there is no reliable aggro system; mobs just tend to rush the first party member they see- engagement system seems an interesting idea, unfortunately many mobs have traits to ignore it and rest just does not give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ so it is detrimental only to your party members; this results in constant choke point fighting, where at least you can control the movement of enemies- because the aggro system is based on proximity and not on individual aggro (except when you have a wizard, who is likely to be mass teleported on or rushed by a zerg of reckless madmen), you might have hard time meleeing anything, as mobs tend to turn away from the tank and hit your cipher for no reason - yeah, nevermind that guy in heavy armor swinging a mace at you, the most prudent thing to do is to turn around and completely ignore him- lack of defensive choices for ""squishies"" makes this even more annoying; a horde of mobs absolutely ignoring four other party members in their way and headlessly rushing a wizard in the back seems rather comical; poor dude has a few deflection oriented spells (pitiful) that are probably get interrupted anyway, no matter how high resolve he has- many scrolls/abilities/potions not working; for high difficulty or difficult fights in general, the game encourages you to use every weapon in your arsenal, which is a valid principle; unfortunately for you, those weapons are broken; many triggered abilities do not work at all, for example Second Chance or Unbroken for the main tank- you can't prepare for fight, since potions, scrolls and majority of spells can be used only in combat; you can somewhat mitigate this by scouting ahead and positioning your party before encounter starts, but that option is not available when you fight the tough fights, ie where you need it most- the two hardest fights in the game are pretty much just RNG, depending on if your tank get oneshot/grazed/missed by the big attacks- you quickly find out that despite the variety of spells and abilities, you will be mostly using just those with Raw damage in harder fight, as Raw damage is the only kind that completely ignores any resistances and defences.Story itself is well written and mostly interesting, until you get to Act III, where everything seems rushed and chaotic, plus the endgame big story revelation is one HUGE CONTRADICTION of Mass Effect 3 ending proportions. COME ON, OBSIDIAN, YOU ARE BETTER THAN THAT!The NPC characters are rather unremarkable. They do have funny interactions when in group with each other, but apart from that, there is nothing. Their personal quests do not give much information about them, you really do not get more invested in their past or anything. I was hoping for characters of Baldur's Gate 2 caliber, both in group NPC and bad guys. I was disappointed.There is also no romance between characters. None. You would expect a group of people that travels together for months, daily facing the prospect of death, to develop some tight bonds. Not here, though.----------------------------------------------------------------Look, Pillars of Eternity are not a bad game; they are certainly way better game and RPG than so-called ""game of the year"" Dragon Age: Inquisition. However, in a direct comparison with Baldur's Gate and BG2, it is very lacking. It is encouraging that Obsidian took the task of making a honest, old school RPG, and, by Stendarr, they tried hard. Maybe the next title will get all the bugs and imperfections sorted out.6/10 - would have been 5/10, but I believe Obsidian deserves some credit here and encouragement for the future releases."
76561198075138125,Not Recommended,291650,31773220,Posted: 15 May,all,Redeemed,"Game is not bad, just not good.  It's one of those that seems to last forever that you just end up wishing would end.+Nice graphics, visually well done+Tons of enemies, characters-Combat is very dissappointing, should either be real time for single character or turn-based for a party based game-Story is complex but not compelling, nor entertaining-Humorless-Unnecessary usage of names that no one can pronounce for the various creatures/factions/people"
,Not Recommended,291650,24430027,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Ultraviper,I'm 25 hours in and I can't do it. I just can't continue. I tried forcing myself to play this game because it was on my backlog but it's just. Too. Boring. The combat is tedious and uninteresting. The story is slow and boring. The main characters are generic and have very little development. It's time for me to put this game out of my misery.
76561198055094641,Not Recommended,291650,15164504,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,MarSn,"It has some of the really great elements of a classic RPG but I just can't get past the lack of combat XP.  Yes there is a tiny amount you get but it accounts for maybe 2% of the total XP you earn throughout the game.  The common arguement is that restricting or eliminating XP from combat prevents grinding.  Since mobs do not respawn that argument is invalid, grinding means you kill the same mobs over and over on the same map before moving on.  Regardless, who cares if someone chooses to grind in a single player game?The ""filler"" maps between cities lack quests, interesting encounters or loot. What they have recreated from the original Baldurs Gate were a series of maps with ""long walks in the park with nothing to do,"" except they removed the xp reward for the occasinal mob you find.  The writing I have seen so far seems pretty mediocre and I have not met any NPC's that inspire any lasting interest."
76561198054330673,Not Recommended,291650,33836843,Posted: 27 July,all,Cpt. Gwyndolin,Great game but do not support ♥♥♥♥♥♥ price hike schemes.
,Recommended,291650,15074194,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Rage,I'm a Mountain Dwarf Werewolf.dwarfwolf/10You could say i'm lycan this game a looooot.
76561197982603186,Not Recommended,291650,25852909,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Xanthous,"PRO- great technical work- Graphic top-notchCONS- music is boring- story is boring- combat is boring and not balanced- atmosphere is boring and bland- the system copied from D&D doesnt have the same charm, all monsters have strange names, all seems fake- because of this strange, complicated and not clear system it's very difficult to understand what item keep and use in tons of junk items"
76561197970548639,Not Recommended,291650,28636188,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,pZion,Combat is horrible. That's all I have to say.
76561197987588664,Not Recommended,291650,34691400,Posted: 2 September,all,method_milo,"linear as f**k. experience point system is bounding development of the characters to the story line very strongly. I do not consider such approach to RPG proper, it is more suitable for simple board games where you are moving number of steps you got on the dice. to develop characters you need to progress the story, other means of progressing them are virtually non-existent. maybe authors decided not to put any premium of fighting as a way to grind the player characters, but there are other ways of doing that possible (for example making and selling a pottery ;)). game play itself is fine, art is very nice, but after a years of playing RPGs I failed to see any of it here."
76561198031410811,Not Recommended,291650,32347453,Posted: 11 June,all,CountAcountant,"PRO:Solid game play, the hard encounters are difficult but not frustrating, fantastic voice acting (where it exists).  Some moments of truly exceptional writing.  However…CON:…I thought that the bad writing overpowered the good writing.  THIS IS EXTREMELY SUBJECTIVE.  I felt the level of pain and agony and heartbreak felt forced – like someone was trying to toy with my emotions by forcing more dead babies and grieving parents into so many scenes that I stopped caring about plot events that would otherwise have been moving and powerful.  Instead of being “grim and dark” (i.e. good), I saw it as “masturbatory agony” (i.e. manipulative and cheap).  Ultimately, it deadened me to the scenes that would have been truly memorable otherwise.SO SHOULD *YOU* BUY IT?I don’t know.I personally hated it, for the reasons described above, and that’s why I listed this a thumbs down.  The story is king in RPGs, and I felt like I sat through lots of whiny angst for little or no reward.  But will you be as turned off by the writing as I was?  That’s much harder to say.  The thousands of positive reviews this game has suggest this is a very subjective matter.  And there are moments where the writing is breathtakingly good.  If you are looking for heroic fantasy, or if you are turned off by horrible things happening to children, this not the game for you.  If you like darkness, grit, and pain, you should definitely give it a try."
76561198115855131,Not Recommended,291650,25613790,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Motoko,"A word of warning, this game is a tribute to once stellar isometric dungeon crawlers and nothing more. I've decided to re-do my re-do of a review after updating this game with apparently 1.6GB of nothing. The game as a whole provides you an average first experience with a believable story and an enjoyable setting. What you may not notice on your first playthrough though is that you're getting all the game has to offer on your first run. Let us also not forget the hurdles the game has had to jump to even get to its slighly functioning state today. The game contains all the ingredients for a wonderful experience but ultimately delivers a shell of hype long passed. Combat has a slight learning curve that will leave a bad taste in the mouths of first time players, although afterwards you might find yourself blasting through anything that's not a boss battle which there are very few. The story explains itself just enough to keep you intrigued long enough continue on but accelerates halfway through at break-neck speeds. I write this review after being unable to continue my newest playthrough before ever completeling the first act due to a bug that manifested three hours in, and continued until game breakage. If you are a fan of these games I assume this would be an instant buy, but for anybody wanting to get in on the hype or simply wanting to try something new this game is not your gateway. I give it a 6/10 for the attempt at something greater than the outcome."
76561198014312720,Not Recommended,291650,15164856,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Slowhand,"Didnt like this game and here's why..Baldurs Gate was released in 1998. So this game heralds back to the games of 15 years ago.. It has to be judged by todays standards.So in short here's the problems:-The artwork is bad.The cut scene(.) are poor.The balance is all wrong (and leveling out leveling content far too easy). Melee >>>> Ranged. Forget pierce damage.The combat is tiresome and repetitive. Kill the casters/priest tidy up.Its far too short and in no way feels like and 'Epic' adventure.The stronghold features is pointless and dull. One big money sink.It has bugs.Character control is icky.Most of game often gets obscured by the poor scenery design.It costs too much. Almost AAA cost but with budget game support.I was expecting so much and the game delivered only a mild nostalgia hit.Wouldn't have been so bad if they created a new unique way of playing this genre, but everything there has just been better and improved on by other titles. Its almost as if they've locked themselves in a room for 15 years creating this game.Beautiful landscapes? Diablo 3. Beautiful graphics? DA:O. Just miles better and fully immersive Skyrim. These three games are the pinnacle of what was started years ago by IWD and BG (or even Ultima).Very disappointed with the pacing and act system. End boss fights and phases? Happens once (at the end).Although the main story wasn't as good in D:OS, I thought that was a more complete and well made indie game.I am sure it'll  get patched up and some of the issues can be addressed, But as a moderately pricey game and the fact that the key aesthetics of the game will always be the same do yourself a favour and pass. Or if you must, wait for it to go on sale.Want great story and hours of endless fun (from Bioware as well!) go play SWTOR for free!"
76561198031262342,Not Recommended,291650,31754438,Posted: 14 May,all,khajjah,"I am a fan of most games Obsidian has made or remade. I still fire of Neverwinter Nights 1&2 on occasion. When I was this it was a must have for me. Character creation was a bit weal and lacklucter and even the portrait selection without modding was sad. Classes all felt uninteresting when played to about level 9+ in each. The world I liked but the field of view was so small in the open that I felt to restrictive to exploration and tactics. The Story was decent but fell flat. I did not play any of the expansions, but after struggling to care about the main game and gameplay I cannot be bothered to spend money on something I would not play for free at this point. I am hopeful they will take another shot at a game in this setting with some moderate improvements along all lines. So much potential but a rare miss for these amazing developers."
76561197988562209,Not Recommended,291650,17710163,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Laiziras,"Its censored version of the original game, shame on you obsidian for bowing to sjw whiners"
,Not Recommended,291650,15211845,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Narg,"I was a HUGH fan of Baulder's Gate, and LOVE top down dungeon crawlers.  This game dissappoints.  It's story line is AAA class, don't get me wrong.  It's very interesting and inviting.  However the ""old school"" game play disrupts it and eventually ruins the game.  In fact, it's beyond ""old school"" and ventures into the tedious and disrupting.  Unless you memorize the keys and master the flow, this game will frustrate and infuriate you beyond playability.  It should have been the best game ever, but instead resulted in a rehash of old games that never were finished."
76561197979090318,Not Recommended,291650,28453491,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Murhapuro,"Baldur's gate 2 is my faw game but can't get into this. Seccond time i tryed but the writing still feels so pretentious i can't take it. You really shouldn't try to describe everything so much, it gets so annoying. I'm not the fastest reader eighter and i don't like skipping dialogue all the time because it's boring me to tears. Divinity original sins writing was lighter and funnier wich i liked a lot."
76561198041639531,Not Recommended,291650,15147592,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,adietz,"After putting about 15 hours into thiis game, I ran into a bug that crashes the game, and I cannot continue.  I did some research, and this is a common problem, and the dev's are working on a fix - but it isn't out yet.  Nice game, but broken right now.  Can't recommend it until it gets fixed."
76561198019022165,Not Recommended,291650,24932816,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,PathOfPain,"I don't like this game so i do not recommend it.There are no technical reasons to not like it, it's a pretty well made game, but it's just not my style.This game is in the style of ""Knights of the old republic', 'Force Awaken' and 'Mass effects' in that there are a lot of lore and a loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooot of reading. I played 2 ish hours and i spent about 10 minutes actually moving about and fighting, the rest was reading dialogue! That's way too much reading for me in a game and i'm an avid reader, but not when gaming. When i game, i want(mostly) action to happen!Here are the features for those who may enjoy such a game:- Old school RPG with lots of dialogue and choices. At least it seems so, but i found out that whatever you choose seems to have only a minor impact on the overall big story. You may spend some time with a companion or not depending on your choices, but it never feel very impactfull.- Lots of choice to define your character at the start. Even the region he/she came from. Lots of classes. All looks interesting and diversified, but haven't played enough to see if thats the case. In battle, i just hit hit hit hit hit hit until the mob is dead.- Seems they have gone dungeons and dragon first edition with the spells with how often you can cast one until you have to rest.- The voice actors in the dialogue (because the dialogue is actually written and also spoken) are pretty awesome and diversified. Even with minor characters, i haven't heard the same voice more than once. Also, the way they write these dialogue is like trash romance with character 'jutting their chin in anger' or 'looking at you with knives in their eyes'. I swear, it made me lol but i can understand peeps being interested in more flowing dialogue like this. You basically read a book. There is even a difficulty level BEFORE easy that does just that, you move through the game with zero challenge in combat. You explore and experience the story. That's pretty nifty for those who like that!- Graphics are great but you see almost nothing in combats. It's just hit hit hit hit and die. Also, you never know if mobs are waaaaay stronger than you (like bears who 3 shot you) and you can never run fast enuf from them before you die. It's a bit too hardcore for my style. SAVE OFTEN cause you're going to die often, unless you chose the story difficulty level.- Loot is MEH! All the hatchet have exactly the same stats, all the staff too. You basically choose the weapon for you class and never change it. Like old school d&d. Only magical items will be different, but generally those are pretty rare.- There is crafting, which i didn't have the chance to experience and also a stronghold that you can acquire and expand from what i could understand.So that's it"
76561198033596886,Not Recommended,291650,28992101,Posted: 3 January,all,MuchMucho,"Its a great game, like the gameplay.But for me there is too much reading, I tend to get tired when overdosed on reading, had it been voiced instead.Then I would have recommended it to others.If you dont mind reading a lot of texts ingame everytime they speak to eachother then this is a great RPG game.But for me I get tired of the reading it makes the game become tedious for me, and I ned to sleep more in real life having played this game, cus reading makes me tired."
76561197993885430,Not Recommended,291650,15069770,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,eldiabs,"Changing review. This game actually kind of sucks. The further I got into it, the more tedious the story became. Much of the reading has no real point. You get distracted jumping from reading to having random voice acting thrown in here and there. They shouldn't have even bothered with voices at all if they were going to half♥♥♥♥♥it. Disappointing. Took all of the bad things of the old isometric games...and did not improve on any of the good things. A large portion of the fights ended up behind walls and trees."
76561198012235333,Not Recommended,291650,15484107,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Loremonger,What can I say about Pillars of Eternity?If you're a fan of other Infinity Games like Baldur's Gate you'll probably enjoy PoE.  The game has split away from D&D and has come up with its own theme.  This new theme is compelling and interesting.  Character( and party) creation is a big strength.Overall though this game falls flat for me.  Baldur's Gate II was probably my favorite game ever and this game doesn't come close.  The graphics and mechanics are much better in PoE than in BG2 but the story is lacking.  I found it hard to care about other party members and the major choices I made.I'd give it an 80/100.
76561198087605469,Recommended,291650,23527752,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,stigoleberg,good game
76561198024009092,Not Recommended,291650,19897649,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Vaughn,"There is an hour I won't get back.   Stick with turn based combat for groups.   It was like I wasn't even involved...  Like watching a bad movie.   Hit space, watch characters all do dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥and die..."
,Not Recommended,291650,20813055,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,VGAce,starts interesting then you find out that all those soul reading storys are actualy just kickstarter backer crap with zero connection to the game what a complete waste of time.from then on it becomes less an rpg and more a game of dodge the useless kickstarter stuff the game is filled to the brim withcombat system is well actualy what combat system? there is only a pause button thats leaves you with no feeling to what is going on. that might have worked 20 years ago but its just lazy to not improve on antiquated mechanicsedit: the backers are rabid as you can see with the downvotes of negative reviews like thisdont be fooled
76561197962287867,Not Recommended,291650,23427939,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,elrosx,"Not worth the cost !Kept playing to see if it 'got better', but it didn't.  Now I want my money back.  Here's why:The game is NOT a 'spiritual sucesscor' to Balder's Gate.   The 'Spirit' of Balder's Gate was a little game called Dungeons and Dragons.Pillars took the long dumb loadscreens and overbloated dialogs, combined them with a clunky new character system and created a Pillar of Crap.'Very Positive' reviews ? People who are sadistically recommending this game to you find this game did not meet their expecations.  700 people hated this game.A whole new unexplained  system for combat, character creation and progression.  If you don't min max everything you will die.  Now that's an open ended RPG!All of the companions are annoying, and according the guides made by fans, you shouldn't play any of the companions because their stats are too low and you will die. Great!The loading screens are really long.Once the game finally loads itself, you have to load again to go into the next room.Spoiler alert:  no one understands what the heck this game's story is aboutThe Stronghold you get doesn't matterMoney doesn't matterThe Endless Path's don't matterI understand people put a lot of effort into this game, but for $45 and Very Positive reviews you would expect to get a really great game.Certainly not IGN's 9/10 or a 'masterpeice'"
76561198012872922,Recommended,291650,26677198,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,jerebear,y
76561198059817820,Not Recommended,291650,33339341,Posted: 7 July,all,[Homra]能ある鷹は爪を隠,"I personally support Obsidian Entertainment for doing a great job creating this game, but not paradox; will never support paradox who pathetically increase price before summer sales."
,Not Recommended,291650,18059038,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Drillur,I had to read too much.
76561198052347169,Not Recommended,291650,18813929,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,AK_Icebear,"Pillars of Eternity unfortunately makes the same mistake many games are making these days - that quantity is more important than quality. And, that quantity-per-playthrough is more important than quantity-across-all-playthroughs. Ultimately this is a hope to dupe players that the game is ""good"" just because it starts well and its design requires a lot of time to trudge through, with interesting decisions/points only happening once every hour or so.While there are many things to like about Pillars of Eternity (see other reviews for that), it ultimately is too much of a slog to finish even once. I'd rather an RPG that can be beat in 5-15 hours but which is so engrossing that I must replay it at least 1-3 more times. Instead, Pillars of Eternity starts at a fever pitch but by hour 20 is mostly a drag to keep pushing through. There is clearly a lot of optionality that may affect later outcomes, and for some the battle systems and difficulty are worth the price of admission, but as someone looking for an entertaining and story-driven RPG experience I certainly won't find out myself, because even the first playthrough is too long/boring to pull me back for another."
,Not Recommended,291650,20797459,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,SnakeTalon,"It's just plain bad. Bad graphics, bad gameplay, bad storytelling, bad writing, bad voice acting. The world is small, the character design is poor, the leveling system is one of the worst there is. There is nothing likeable about the characters they all lack depth and feeling. The plot and everything in the world is very bland. The loot system is awful. You can't equip your party with armors or they fight too slow, the abilities don't seem to do anything meaningful. It's increadibily unbalanced against you. I really wanted to like this game, but, I just couldn't. Get it if it's on sale for $5 or pound a rusty nail into your hand, it has the same effect."
76561198027064093,Recommended,291650,32282399,Posted: 8 June,all,NHGH,Made a paladin with his head on fire; he never stopped screaming.
76561198063963211,Recommended,291650,22486600,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Crimson Kang,have sex with hobbits
,Not Recommended,291650,15134245,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,GigethSTL,"Pillars of Eternity is an omage to a great era in video games and provides us a throwback that we all wanted. However, it is my opinion that they stayed TOO true to the old form. The story telling is great, there are plenty of dialogue options and character creation is brilliant. However, what should be exciting, fun story telling and gameplay is muddied up with all of the different, often redundant stat types and the clunky fighting mechanics.When you engage in combat, your party attacks in the formation that you assigned them, but when one enemy dies or moves, they do not reform, they just stand there. While even I often feel nostalgia for all the faults and errors of the old games like a wizard or ranger standing in melee range when they should obviously be further back, I believe that even in an omage to the old days, simple quality of life improvements should at least have been made.To me, Pillars of Eternity has a lot of potential, but failed to make the old game with newer, better AI. It's just as clunky as the old games were and I can't force myself to play it because of that."
76561198005744496,Recommended,291650,33030228,Posted: 30 June,all,bagrot,A game with a world rich enough to support hundreds of hours of gameplay is over in 40.
76561198006767590,Not Recommended,291650,30342971,Posted: 5 March,all,wistful_dread,"When you get down to it, the actual RPG mechanics in this game are shallow, to the degree that it's kinda pointless. Attributes are generalized to the point that all characters of a certain role will end up the same, Skills are minimal and, frankly, you can play through the game without them. Disposition is a flavor for character that have little to no effect regardless, even within a single conversation. Combat is medoicre at best, with available Ai bare minimal.Simply put, if you're considering this game, you probably have games like Neverwinter Nights and Baldurs Gate. Just replay those. Another play of those old stories are significantly better than this... mess."
,Not Recommended,291650,15219976,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Chief,It's a buggy bug collection.
76561197987845491,Not Recommended,291650,23267095,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Uncle Heini,"I really hate all the political correctness we see in games today, especially in RPGs. This game is nothing close to, say, The Elder Scrolls, but it still shoves many of the same politically correct character types, clichés and ideas down your throat quite frequently.The game also suffers from a combat system that has too many stats factored into it. There is an abundance of skills, talents etc. to choose from, but most of them only make a tiny difference, and I frequently found them irrelevant during combat."
,Not Recommended,291650,15201396,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Madcoil,Wish I'd waited a month before buying this game.
,Not Recommended,291650,28932970,Posted: 2 January,all,Lady Shyka,"Obsidian games are known for their very wordy dialogue and this game is no exception. There is just too much talking. So much so, that I can't really get into the story at all. And the combat is underwhelming. This game has so many great reviews.  Everyone seems to love it but I found it really boring."
76561197973910616,Not Recommended,291650,19464132,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,jwfoxhound,"So boring.  If you like to read paragraphs of interaction throughout the whole game, this may be for you.  Total waste of money and graphics/gameplay are poor."
,Not Recommended,291650,19341954,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Roger Wilco,"Not a fan. I played this for about twenty minutes and I just couldn't go on. I could look past the dated art and graphics if it weren't for the lame dialogue and terrible voice acting. They talk like they're from the southern US, like Texas, New Mexico, Georgia... something like that. It kind of worked for Bastion, but not this game. This has a medieval fantasy theme through and through, like D&D, which is the only reason I bought it. Why do the characters talk like they're acting in a western?Besides all of that, I was just never drawn into the game. I was bored almost immediately. I understand that the developers put an incredible amount of time into this game, and it isn't the worst game ever. I do not believe the price and hype is justified, however. I respect the time put into programming and designing games, and I feel bad leaving a bad review, but it's just not that great of a game. Especially for the price. I'm sorry."
,Not Recommended,291650,18315296,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Cognitive,"Things I like:Things I dont like:- Character creation feels too cumbersome. Too many questions popped into my head ""Is the ranger dependent on the companion to keep enemies on distance? How much damage do these abilities do? How do I gain new abilities?""- Graphics are 2D, and it feels flat and empty compared to what I'm used to these days.- Camera doesn't follow the characters when you move around.- Surroundings have few options for interactions. A few crates now and then.- You can't see any ability tree, skills list, or any such overview, so you can't plan your character building.- It's hard to understand how much damage an ability does- Several of the auto-combat settings are completely useless, as they will pause combat every damn second.- Too much RPG, too little fighting"
,Not Recommended,291650,29605423,Posted: 31 January,all,earl528,"Pillars Of Eternity is NOT the spiritual successor to Baldur's Gate.I have many complaints about Pillars Of Eternity (including its expansion The White March).1) There should have been much more Voice Acting and Voice Over.2) Too much reading.3) Traditional Mage abilities split too much to the new classes (Chanter, Cipher, etc.).4) and quite a few others...Over $4 million was raised on Kickstarter for this game, and what we got was a disappointment.Instead of spending money on building 15 levels to the ""Endless Paths"", that money should have went to more Voice Acting and Voice Over work.I prefer to have one mage in my Party to cast Damage (e.g., Fireball, Missiles, etc.), Monster Summoning, Charm, and Drain Spells. In this game, you need three different NPCs (i.e. of different classes) to cast all these types of spells, which does not leave much room in your party for other classes.All my other complaints about the game would seem minor. However, combined, it prevented me from getting ""immersed"" into the game and its story (which was so-so, maybe it would have been better with more Voice Over to read the endless amount of texts).Also, the game is missing elements that made Baldur's Gate and Planescape Torment great games. Those games had towns/cities that felt more lively. Those games had better/richer ambient sounds (which helps with the ""immersion"" factor). Those games had ""cheesy"" romanceable NPCs (which adds to the ""fantasy"" element).In contrast, Divinity Original Sin ENHANCED EDITION (DOSEE) was an excellent CRPG, which I would recommend getting instead.  Yes, it has a plot hole in the middle of the game, but DOSEE did so many things right (that Pillars Of Eternity did not) that I was easily able to overlook this flaw and continue to enjoy the game."
,Recommended,291650,31046728,Posted: 9 April,all,Rodemaan Shakq™,"Did you ever hear the Tragedy of Darth Plagueis the Wise? It's a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith so powerful and so wise, he could use the Force to influence the midi-chlorians to create...life. He had such a knowledge of the Dark Side, he could even keep the ones he cared about...from dying. He became so powerful, the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power...which, eventually of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew. Then his apprentice killed him in his sleep. Ironic. He could save others from death...but not himself.For real though, good game, if you like D&D or isometric games it's a must play!"
,Not Recommended,291650,16305344,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Black,"this game was so bad, Idk why i listend to all these so called positive reviews. It feels like a old game and the gameplay sucks, you die basically to anything. The point and click stuff is so lame and old, i rather play runescape than this."
76561198027074648,Not Recommended,291650,20251529,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Balrockus,"!!!!Not sofa friendly!!!!Not what I expected. A lot of screen text without vocal dialogue. No Controller support. Not what I can play on the sofa.I am not saying its bad, just not what I needed out of the game to be able to be played on the sofa so consider this a 'peronal review'."
76561198027172227,Not Recommended,291650,31861725,Posted: 20 May,all,EPMAN13,"Ended with playing this game for good amount off hours, not the worst game.But i wont recommend it to everybody, becuse i think it is to much quantity over quality. I could not play the game to the end it was just to much off the same over and over again. There should be more focus on the main story, somehow ""keep it simple""Also the fact that the games looks like old Baldurs Gate, but the game system is not like Dungoens and Dragons, is something that i dont like.The game is carebear = reward, and there are to little risk = rewardMaybe the developers had to much focus on making all they promised to the backers."
76561197974440065,Not Recommended,291650,15207698,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Made Man,"Overrated, it is ok but not as good as everyone is making it out to be. Been waiting for this game for a while nothing special about it. People keep on comparing it to Baulder's Gate not even close, no way in hell is it a successor to it. I tried to play it but just had no drive to keep going with it, the epic story i was expecting just was absent. If you are looking for a mediocre CRPG to get you by until something else comes out go for it, but if you are expecting a epic CRPG like Baulder's Gate keep wishing."
,Not Recommended,291650,23649058,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Crunchy Gremlin,"I havent figured out how to like this game yet. i think the auto pausing has to be done in such a way to give more control over party actions. Im not sure i want to figure that out.overall i find the balance in the game is wonky. things kill in one hit or die doing about no damage.There are parts of the game that make little sense to me. killing villagers in a town with no consequences or even concern by the townspeople. Monsters that wont do anything when their monster friends are being killed just outside of their combat awareness.The typical tank, dps, heal dynamic doesnt look to be here. Thats not a bad thing its just...i dunno. i just dont find the game fun as much as frustrating."
76561198043220886,Not Recommended,291650,32344343,Posted: 11 June,all,molotov.,"What? The game has doubled its price here in Brazil, R$120 reais for this? Are you taking a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Paradox?"
76561198045052578,Recommended,291650,15198512,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,raku,I went to search my sister's panties after i played this game.
,Not Recommended,291650,16990557,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,ShyLion,Boooooooring
76561197962120839,Not Recommended,291650,16562140,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Joey,"The game doen't really bring anything new to the table, If you liked Baldurs Gate 2 then this game is very similar.  No multiplayer though which made me lose interest very quickly.  Check out the most recent Divinity instead."
76561198101680176,Not Recommended,291650,15696291,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,kos_mos2005,"Worse game ever, combat system is so whack."
76561198043711616,Not Recommended,291650,26097711,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Peter B Jordanson,"I get that the game is supposed to be a throwback, and I appreciate that, it's what attracted me in the first place. However this game feels bland. It's fairly repetitive and doesn't bring anything new. They could've made it have *some* unique elements. I couldn't even do one playthrough it was just too boring. And that area where you grind through 25 floors of dungeon seems really lazy from the dev's part. No imagination, just grind."
76561198062959346,Not Recommended,291650,21525746,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,sellers297,Game has quickly turned into a cash grab.
76561198005613461,Recommended,291650,32709250,Posted: 23 June,all,The Dandyist Man,"It's an absolutely fantastic CRPG. The best imo. The story is fantastic and the combat is classic. I do not support shady business deals, however Paradox being a bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥really shouldn't reflect on the game, which is excellent."
76561198005559640,Not Recommended,291650,26063361,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,bloodymist,"Summary: Never winter nights is better than this in terms of games by obsidianCharacters are boring, writings make people feel like they are trying hard to build a huge world but it lacks a focus on the storyline with too much tedious details which distract you. It is ok to do so when the players have already had a basic understanding to the world but in this game it is pure confusing-still well written though.Combat sucks as there is too much to control and unlike better RPG by obsidian like neverwinter nights, you cant set multiple future actions steps for a character in a easy and player friendly manner. The problem gets worse when you eventually get 6 characters in a team. Also you have to run back every few encounters to regen health which cant be auto regen, plus the camp supplies are expensive. Number of dmg reduction is too many with too little skill points, casters are literally glass cannons which can back fire easilyGraphics is usually not the greatest concern but the lightings and figures are just irritating, even after all these years NWN2 still provides a better visual enjoyment. To be more precise, characters didnt not fit in with environment especially in some dark places like dungeon. They act like running on a wall paper instead of running on some actual floor. With such graphic you will expect some better loading speed and that would be great considering all the different maps you have to travel between-but no. It takes 15+ sec when I am using i7 cpu and GTX 960.EDIT:31/10/2016Baldur is an old game which I don't recall much details and I only played baldur's gate 2. Therefore I went to youtube and after watching I think even Baldur's gate one after all these years is better than this.Let's put the graphic aside which we can hardly compare and start with storyline. Baldur does have tons of scripts as well and background info but it is made on the basis of DND. It is way easier to fit in but in the case of pillars of eternity with a whole new setting similar ways of presenting info becomes too annoying. Not to mention problem with the writing and story itself. I am not asking for something as good as planescape but definitely not this cheesy storylineAnother thing I dislike is the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥endless path dungeon. It reminds me of Diablo. In short, anything without impact of story should be smaller as it serves no purpose but to test combat ability. I believe in RPG all elements(engines, mechanism, music, combat, etc) exist to support the story, people may not share the same ideal but thats how I judge RPG and I got to say it sucks in that sense. Nothing helps when you are using the old formula of protagonist with unique talent saving world from peril and at the same time presented it in a flawed manner. To compare it with baldur is like comparing Dragon Age 2 to origin. Not a bad product but since there is not much improvement and quite a bit of worsened aspects it is actully better to play the old game instead"
76561198072017110,Not Recommended,291650,18574012,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Ssenkrad_II,"First off fan boi’s please down vote and move on as negative fan boi explosion comments will immediately be deleted with… pleasure….Let’s start with the pro’s of game since there are only a couple.-	Obsidian made the game. Fan boi’s explode! Obsidian is like that fringe band that everyone in the fringe has to like because they are like, soooo artistic right?! If you don’t like their games it is because you are “just too main stream main!” (takes a long drag*) If you are one of these people than you really need to pick up the game, these guys really need your support…-	Nostalgia. Seriously. If you loved IWD or BG or any of the other infinity engine games you will feel like you are in your childhood again; which is priceless for people in their 40’s who haven’t had sex in a very, long, time…If you don’t fit into the above two groups then honestly buying this game is a mistake. Why?-	Obsidian made the game- Fan boi’s explode! Obsidian is a company that is very much an “artist company” and because of that they produce “artist games”. What do I mean by that?1.	“Great fringe writing”- you know, the kind that teaches reincarnation and Gods are fake and created to keep people in line.2.	“Terrible game mechanics” what happens when you have a bunch of artists and no engineers/programmers/etc? Pillars of Eternity! What made Obsidian games great in the past was that they had people like BioWare and DnD and even Bethesda (Fallout New Vegas) to set down all of the “rules” and “mathy stuff” that frankly Obsidian just can’t wrap their little artsy heads around. Never could. PoE has whole new classes and “mathy” stuff built from the ground up. What do you have when it is done? A total chaotic mess. Character creation and stats make absolutely no sense whatsoever, leveling up is a bore because they have fleshed the entire process out, and to top it off they have extremely low level caps because (I suppose) the numbers were just getting too big (didn’t have enough hands?).3.	A game that focuses on “reading a book” while everything else gets the shaft. If you don’t LOVE reading your story, RUN THE OTHER DIRECTION. If you try to just skip all of the hundreds of pages of painful reading in hopes that you will just be able to figure things out on the fly you will quickly find that you are wandering around aimlessly with no clue what to do with a journal that is about as useful as most of the reviews for this game.  “Find the cliff from the vision”… 11/104.	Bugs, glitches, and failures. Items will disappear from your inventory, save menus will all of the sudden not show dialogue (you just have to guess where the “yes please save” is SUPPOSED to be on the screen because it just isn’t there) saves corrupts, and loading screens, OMFG the loading screens by the end of the game are seriously minutes long and you have a half dozen of them to even get back to your “keep”. The forums are flooded with these, but what will Obsidian do about it? Make a 20$ DLC that isn’t even as long and has less content in it then their Fallout New Vegas DLC’s… (perfect example:http://steamcommunity.com/app/291650/discussions/0/496880503065592156/)-	Nostalgia. I know, the two reasons you want to buy it are the first two reasons why you don’t want to buy it… You will be spending most of your time thinking back to old infinity engine games you played and wondering why they did things worse than the originals- even down to the graphics which are not even HANDS DOWN better than BG HD remakes. You still can’t zoom in past a birds eye view on ANYTHING and maps are even smaller (most cases more than 2x smaller) than all of the old infinity engine games maps. The rest of the time you are left wondering if what they did was better at all, just “different”. Loot is terrible, there is a total lack of ANY memorable boss fights or unique monsters, classes mean absolutely nothing (there is a “rouge” class that literally has no benefit to “lock picking” or any other “thief like skills”) and can be summed up basically as either “damage takers” or “damage dealers”, (There is no “thief” in the party or “ranger that will help you navigate magical woods” you just have people who take damage and those that deal it) crafting is a joke (anyone can just throw some dirt and money at an object and make it better) and item management/economy has been thrown out the window (you have a “unlimited bag of holding” from the very start of the game so you just pick up EVERYTHING and sell it, money becomes worthless… oh, but you can only hold 2 rations of supplies to heal yourself with… lmfao) and the list could go on but you get the point.-	Combat; yes the combat in this game is by far the most simplistic, watered down, piece of garbage system to EVER grace the infinity engine genre. 99.9% of all battles (I played on Hard difficulty) are identical with no variation; you have 2-3 characters spec’d to “total tank/ deal no damage” (using as high of defense armors and shields as possible) and you have them rush in and absorb agro while the 3-4 characters you have in the back  are spec’d to “pure damage glass tanks” (you literally have them wearing ‘clothes’ with zero armor rating because they will then attack more often) kill the enemies from a distance. Classes like “Ciphers” are considered “op” because they don’t even require you to rest to regain spells, even though their spells might not be “as powerful” it just allows you to steam roll through multiple fights- although having a dedicated pure spell caster might do more damage, the hassle with resting is higher. Regardless the outcome is exactly the same, just a matter of “how slow or how fast” you want to burn through trash mobs. That brings me to the last point.-	No xp for killing anything/ no point in playing the game. You are left most of the game in PoE wondering WTF you are even playing the game. Your choices seem irrelevant (even more so when you read all the “endings”), exploration is not rewarding, and skipping mobs and running around bad guys is actually rewarded. What kind of “fun game” does that and gets away with it? The game plays more like an “interactive story book for men in their 40’s” than it does an actual game.Bottom line is that if you are not an Obsidian fan boi and/or you have no nostalgia needs to be craved (albeit a very, very poor fix) and/or want to actually play a game and not read a book then you will not have much if any fun in this game."
76561198032338433,Not Recommended,291650,30962414,Posted: 5 April,all,michael,I cannot say this is a good game when my save file keeps going missing.
76561198014824111,Recommended,291650,32920900,Posted: 28 June,all,Chester Copperpot,"People are crying over $5 dollars... The game is awesome, and the $5 extra is not enough to change things. If you want the game, buy it. I paid full price for the game, and would do so again."
76561198060020666,Recommended,291650,32634679,Posted: 21 June,all,kyleatkins22,"Ok i was just checking to find similar games to this, then i find its been reviewed negatively. First i dont really care how they price their game. If you already own it, dont complain. If you were interested dont buy it if its to expensive for you. However it is unfair to RATE a game based soley on how its price has been fluctating. The game is amazing and i love it. It has some downsides, but overal a great game. If your not willing to pay the price for the game then dont. All i can say is that the game is really fun. 8/10."
76561197973903142,Not Recommended,291650,15191006,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,brett000,For me this game is incredible difficult.  I am playing on the easiest setting and I get killed at nearly every encounter.  To me that just isn't fun.
76561198006567252,Not Recommended,291650,15173744,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,cevans03,"My first negative review ever! I would return a game if I could!So much rong with this game, but I'm gust going to name the two biggest problems.-Bug that stops you from earning Xp!- You have to check your character screen after every encounter to make sure you were awarded experience.-THE ENDURANCE SYSTEM!-I hope you like reloading...and reloading...and reloading some more.- You will die regularly with ALL to 3/4 of you health because you get knocked out.- Not even having an 18 or 19 in Con will save you from this stupid terribly brutal und unforgiving system that     totally saps all the fun from the game.UPDATE 04/08/15I am done with this game.I have now come across a bug that wont let my characters move. When in stealth mode some of my characters are unable to move. outside of stealth mode when these characters are part of the party the entire parties movement speed is severely slowed. The only way to restore normal party movement is to leave the character behind or start the game over...AGAIN."
76561198044237228,Not Recommended,291650,32058394,Posted: 30 May,all,#OrangeLivesMatter,"Pre-ordering this game back then was a mistake. Since I had a bit of time to spare these past few days, I thought why not pick this game up from where I had left it years ago? I liked the simplistic yet detailed text-based narration and dialogue system. I was hooked the first few fours and would have loved to have completed the game but for one major flaw; the combat.It is very repetitive and frustrating. Most physical attacks barely do any damage unless you focus all your party members on isolated targets and majority of spells and buffs are reset upon rest instead of after each encounter. To rest, you need to either visit an inn or use one of the limited camping supplies you are able to carry on the road. But the one thing that really irked the hell out of me was the role endurance and health played. When you engage in combat encounters, it is more logical to expect health to be the factor determining your per-encounter survival and endurance for how many encounters you can engage in before the need for rest. But here, the developers decided to swap the roles as if trying to formulate something different. If a party member runs out of endurance during encounters, unless other members are able to restore endurance for allies, they are unable to continue fighting till said encounter is resolved. This means that my tank with 600HP but 120 END is basically useless once the latter is reduced to zero, making survival an unecessary challenge for the other party members. You also cannot pre-buff before encounters to try and compensate for this stupid mechanism as most buffs last barely enough time to be fully utilised.I am very disappointed in how this game turned out. I wish I had done my research adequately before investing in this game. I strongly suggest you do the same."
76561198007783852,Not Recommended,291650,32112107,Posted: 1 June,all,Cayman,"At the beginning I liked this game. The story looks interesting, the landscapes are nice, the first battles reasonably easy. After a while, however, any direction you take in the development of the different branches of the story, the battles become simply too difficult for me. For a while, it is interesting to try different times until you win and can go ahead in the branch you chose, but then new battles await you, and eventually I could not help being fed up by this game. I play to have some fun, not to be continuosly massacred by a plethora of bad guys too strong for me."
76561197970951366,Not Recommended,291650,28231401,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,corth,"If you are not a min/maxer, this game is probably a complete and total waste of your time!  Hard to recommend this game.  There is so much about it to love about it, but the combat, even on easy mode, is fantastically punishing and unbalanced.  It's hard to believe it shipped this poorly tuned, and never was patched.  I have literally run into dead ends at nearly every quest line and I'm only a few hours into the game.  At least 50% of my time playing this game has been reloading saves to try combat encounters again only to find that it is numerically impossible to win the battle.  Then backtrack to somehwere else, only to find the same thing in every area I visit.If you happen to choose the wrong charcter build, to which the game will not warn you, you can find that it is absolutely impossible to actually ""play"" said game.  Truly crappy, and not fun.  I anticipate anyone sticking with this game to be a hard core min/maxer with some luck, or will use console commands to rebalance the game to an enjoyable state.Oh, and there are bugs.  Twice I had money dissapear.  Once after reloading a save file, and another time when selling items the value was subtracted from my inventory instead of added.  And since you rely on money to hire people to help you with encounters (from which you earn zero experience), I again find progression blocking game play only about 4 hours into the game."
,Not Recommended,291650,18332652,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Mr.Chupon,"Crashed four times in four different places without making it through character creation.Refund request issued. Dear developers, reach out to me when your game engine isn't a disaster, will consider giving this another shot."
76561198008933704,Not Recommended,291650,15205658,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,ChilledMilk,was working great. ever since the profanity patch cant get it to load.
76561197989302267,Not Recommended,291650,15460181,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Dumah,will put any dictator into power if reign of terror begins w/ destruction of ppl who make conspiracy names by suffixing -gate w/ other words(c)Josh Sawyer via TwitterApparently Obsidian supports corruption in game journalism. I wonder how they will feel about game piracy then?
,Not Recommended,291650,15201704,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Angry,"Mac Pro Late 2013, Firepro D700s, LG UltraWide, OS X 10.10.Game is broken – video resolution changes do not work, after setting it to run fulscreen (it's windowed by default for some reason) it gave me permanent black screen.There's ton of reports like this all over the internet, apparently developers never tested it on OS X.P.S. Developers said on Obsidian forums that it is ""a bug in Unity"" and they are not going to do anything themselves. ""Cmd-F"" solution they proposed does not work."
76561198074698471,Not Recommended,291650,26569944,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,LordZombie14,"Combat is horrible. If you're going to have to slap the space bar every second to issue new commands, then just make the game turn based and do it right from the start.Very immersive breaking having to pause the game over and over and over and over... too much work, not enough fun."
,Not Recommended,291650,15214467,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,J.P Marshall III,"Don't get me wrong, the game excellently recreates the feel and look of my favourite old school CRPGs, the problem for me isa) I don't find the setting particularly interesting or appealing, and having gotten out of reading fantasy years ago, i find it very very hard to care about another massive lore filled world, it's just nothing special.b)If you are like me, and play rpgs entirely for the story and dialogue, and not the combat, this is not the game for you at all. This game lacks even the basic party combat ai scripts the baldurs gate games has, and even on easy mode, you still have to micromanage each of the characters on your party every round to to effective- I find this intolerable in a game, it sucks every last bit of fun I was having out of the experience, and as I go on and the combats become more challenging, I find myelf with no desire left to play the game, and all this within my first couple hours.Buy it if you enjoy fiddly micromanagement constantly during combat in your RPGS. In my opinion tho, avoid this dross like the plague."
,Not Recommended,291650,33368011,Posted: 8 July,all,manimal,Publisher raised the price of the game before the Summer Sale for a nice profit increase. Don't support that with your money.
76561197995236692,Recommended,291650,32665255,Posted: 22 June,all,Harharhar,"Definitely one of the best games of its type I've played.  I can't believe all the negativity over making profit off of something so good.  I mean people complaining that have gotten 100s of hours off of a game they paid 40 bux on... it is like pennies per hour.  How can you go to a movie for 16 bux for a measley two hours... you must hate them all and rail against the movie companies.  I do not begrudge someone that is making money off of something I like.  If you don't like it, and you don't want them to make money, don't buy it.  It is a voluntary transaction.  I will tell others this is an amazing value at this price.  It is a great game."
,Not Recommended,291650,32179753,Posted: 4 June,all,Criz da Wiz,"The story is engaging and the characters are well-written, but the gameplay is tedious. In particular the Stronghold is a succession of so many irritations that eventually I put the game down for good."
,Not Recommended,291650,15313182,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Division by Zero,"The control scheme is trash, the graphics are trash, the gameplay is trash. The story seemed fairly interesting, unfortunately you can't access it because of all the trash blocking the way."
76561198343529459,Not Recommended,291650,26573578,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,76561198343529459,my saved files keep getting deleted for no reason at all....just bought the game and i cant even play it. Please fix bug!!
,Not Recommended,291650,32910523,Posted: 27 June,all,Amor Fati 117,Needs multiplayer like Divinity: Original Sin.
76561198106368336,Not Recommended,291650,15265866,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,ApolloBez,I knew better
76561198008084864,Not Recommended,291650,15173001,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,L9000,I would be a great game if It was not so buggy. after 50 hours of gameplay I reached an area that would not load at times.  The loading crashes in this one area which are completely random made the game a pain to play....   Loading problems for a game that is basocally a 10 yaers old remake of a classic are not acceptable.   I am NOT going to advise this game unless they fix these random bugs that make the game a gamble.
76561198004968379,Not Recommended,291650,16556219,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,danv25,difficulty level
76561198061197220,Not Recommended,291650,15237223,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Ezh,"Do not buy this crap. There are more bugs than actual game. Unfortunatelly almost every bug is game-breaking. No single class are bug-free, game mechanic are buggy all the ways (damage resolution, stats effects, etc. - just every single aspect of the mechanic is just not working as intended). I am game developer with more than 10 years of experience and I am pretty sure Obsidian will be unable to fix all these issues in reasonable time (it seems that Obsidian hire most ugly programmers ever), from my personal experience the programmers who make such stupid bugs and in such quantity unable to fix them and only could produce new ones.PS. Beside the bugs, UI is terrible and most inconvenient one I have seen in RPG games (party members management is pain, abilities use in battle is pain, all are pain with this UI, OMG!)."
76561197996755571,Not Recommended,291650,26106330,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Ecky,"Eh.  Buggy throwback to a bygone era when Obsidian made second rate sequels of Bioware games.  By that standard it's not a bad little game, but it has all of the bugs and quirks of a low-budget RPG.  Charming if you like old school RPGs, not so much if you're sick of them.  It's not a *bad* game, just not good.  With so many other quality games available these days, this is a definite pass.And mother of god the user interface sucks.  e.g.: status effects make it impossible to select a character."
76561198092474070,Not Recommended,291650,18849115,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Logiki,"I would love to give a review of the gameplay, but my game crashes right after the first camp fire, every time. Best 20 I ever spent to create a character and nothing else."
,Not Recommended,291650,22857395,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Ramzea,"What I've played of this game is amazing, but it's driving me insane. I really want to recommend it, but I just can't recommend a game that crashes during load screens after 30-45 minutes of gameplay.It really is an amazing game. It's just really buggy to the point of near-unplayability."
76561198061064796,Not Recommended,291650,21616849,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Mr. Deluxe Penguin,"I really wanted to like this game.But the dull combat (compared to something like say D&D), boring art style that feels archaic and makes me appreciate modern gaming (I am looking at you extremely zoomed out fixed camera angle), monotonous unrelenting ""dark and gritty"" tone that gets absolutely rediculous and incredibly mundane very quickly (all attempts at breaking it come solely from your companion chatter, and it just feels out of place as a result), pedestrian situations (An attempt at realism in fantasy can be great, but when you have everything else boring in the game you need to make up for it with interesting situations), makes for a boring game that fails to suck me in in any way.Six characters in a party at once is too many. You cannot micro them realistically without permenant slow motion or liberal pausing, and the AI/behavior settings is terrible (How hard can this really be? Seriously, just copy the format from Dragon Age Origins and that is enough, there is no excuse for this level of failure).All in all, I found it almost impossible to get immersed in, impossible to care about, and annoying to play."
76561197992804753,Not Recommended,291650,34647902,Posted: 31 August,all,Cream DEEP,"As an ARPG, this game relies heavily on the pathfinding system. Also, this game has an absolute trash pathfinding system.Really detracts from the experience. 4/10. Would recommend for sub $10."
76561198320461935,Not Recommended,291650,35498560,Posted: 5 October,all,aloysiusgbahn73,"Good game but too much idolatry, crude language and mimicking of witchcraft for me.(Note this is because I'm a Christian which means I have to look at it from my world view so your views  most likely will  differ ) . Nevertheless I had funny  with  it, I would say it's a solid 7 out of 10. The game mechanics work very  well and the old school isometric gameplay is fun, but the story  needs  a little  more."
76561198026046115,Not Recommended,291650,26524214,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,monkeywithstick,"Failed to learn any of the lessons of Baldur's Gate. Dull unengaging characterisation, grindy, repetetive combat. Returned for refund."
76561198123475114,Recommended,291650,15062726,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,swifteagle23,I can not get my royal content it shows its installed on dlc ive exited game 20 times steam 20 times no downloads i right click game go to properties and local files nothing there spent 90$ on this would like my♥♥♥♥♥
76561198002676388,Not Recommended,291650,15154003,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Darakon,"More frustrating than fun. Honestly.I'd say get Divinity: Orignial Sin instead of this. That game is more fun than frustrating.PS: I played Baldur's Gate 1 ,2 back in the day, those I enjoyed."
,Not Recommended,291650,26407379,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Keepbro,"TL;DR - Boring - Triple AAA superbly made but boring as hell.Right ...... so I feel that I can write this review after putting 80+ hours into this game. And I have reached the decision, painful as it was, that I cannot recommend this game for one reason. Its Boring. Like mindnumbing boring.Don't get me wrong -  it has nice graphics, an interesting fight mechananism and good music and sound but RPGs are, in my opinion, decided by the story and how you affect it. And the story line for this game just made me lose all interest after about 20 hours in. It was the wrong side of highbrow with too many moral decisions but the wrong kind of moral decisions so that rather than a simple good/bad choice you ended up with shades of grey that just made the everything bleak and dull. The characters were painfully intense and just oozed so much emotion that I just couldn't force myself to care. The levels were the same - beautiful caves and caverns, a wonderful city but all kind of joyless which tied into the storyline but the storyline was boring so I didn't really care. The Estate you captured and turned into your base was also the same - beautiful detail and fully upgradeable but I just didn't care for it.In short I feel that too much thought and artistic input was put into this game and it would have been a lot better if they had just done a more simple but involved storyline and kept the choices to a more generic good/bad mode."
76561198138802576,Not Recommended,291650,23900927,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,andru.garman,This game is forgettable. I couldn't even remember it until I looked at all my acheivements.
76561198037375184,Not Recommended,291650,15197501,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,"Exit, pursued by a bear.",Slow and boring.The story is not compelling and the visuals are unappealing -- I feel like I went back to 2002 and bought a game. Definitely NOT worth the ridiculous cost.
,Not Recommended,291650,26444842,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Xyriin,"Decent RPG using the classic party style. However, it felt a bit bland at the end.Definitely don't have much interest in playing this again unfortunately."
76561198229898284,Not Recommended,291650,22887328,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Dick Cheese Tortellini,"Some levels are clearly broken,even on easy,i tried 2 hours to get the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ drake at exploring mazes or something,and he killed 3 of my adventurers (1 paladin,1 chanter,1 rogue) solo on 1 hp bar.It cant be compared with DnD series , its the worst developed game of its kind(trust me i played this genre the most).1/10 so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at developers for doing a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ job"
76561198030240547,Not Recommended,291650,21679185,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,red255,This Game Is Badly balanced.you cannot run from fights and there is no indicator on how strong an enemy is before you engage it.  forcing you to load alot.  which kills any role playing aspect.you want a game where you die alot and load alot and abuse the pause key.  fine.  I can't role play like that.
,Not Recommended,291650,32614818,Posted: 21 June,all,She Who Has Stars In Her Eyes,DIE DIE DIE
,Not Recommended,291650,15223051,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,DJ (AKA) blaxar,Impossible game. Its just like Divinity Original Sin. Every single enemy is significantly higher level than you are. You're not always out number but even when the game is on easy its nearly impossible to make any progress once you leave the first area. The game was the biggest waste of $60 I've ever spent. I will never ever buy the old school style RPGs ever again. They make them way to hard. It makes Dark Souls an easy game. They're unplayable and the worst part is your characters dont stay in combat. they wil randomly just walk away when you dont even tell them to. Its ♥♥♥♥ing garbage and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game. The only possible way to enjoy this game is to play it in god mode. And even then it gets boring. No one should ever buy this game.
76561198025585424,Not Recommended,291650,24301341,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Psychoward,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥crashes every time I get to the first loading screen and Obsidian never responded to my multiple support tickets. :)
76561198061511424,Not Recommended,291650,15164010,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,TwoTone,Ummm i cant keybind anything.... WTFStep 1. make characterstep 2. lets roll some facesstep 3. I cant use my Razer naga's 12 programmable buttons???step 4. punch hole in drywallstep 5. go back to diablo thanks blizzard for being a true game company.
,Not Recommended,291650,15286561,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Al Djeafnte,"While it's a good throwback to classic CRPGs, you'll spend more than half of your play time running between zone transtions.Might not bother you, but it's too much for me.  After all the running around and the side quests, I've lost any sense of why I'm playing the game, the pretense is nebulous and it's MMO-like in the degree of care I no longer have for the world for all of the 3 stage sidequests that are go to A go to B go back to A."
,Not Recommended,291650,29053067,Posted: 5 January,all,Bearsuo Sr.,"It's really a shame how little game design experience must be required these days to get a game out the door. I think I was on the second map - the Ruins of Cislis or something like that, barely a few minutes into the game - when a 5 x 5 grid of tiles, some sort of attempt at a puzzle, blocks my advance. Great! Something interesting! Nope, every possible first step results in instant death. Backing up results in no alternate paths. A character remarks that the runes matter, but there are no matching patterns and, again, literally every first option is insta-death.Edit: And for the record, the tiles look like a classic ""find the text hidden nearby that tells you the code word - in this case, in an 'alien' language - that you need to spell out with steps to solve."" So, I've done this sort of thing before, and exhausted the pre-tile trap area. As comments lay out, I clearly missed the ""click @#$#ing everywhere randomly OR hold down a key to show everything"" part of the exercise, which underlines that this is bad design. It was fine in 30 years ago, but someone, between here and there, should have learned at least one game design lesson (and the games of 30 years ago had severe hardware limitations).But, as the 0 of 10 helpful remarks will show you, the fanboys are strong with this game. I guess college kids with lots of free time don't want to feel like they sunk their ""effort"" into trash.Don't waste your time with this piece of nonsense, just google ""Bad Tolkien imitation fiction,"" and set yourself on fire after 2 minutes and you can have the same experience for the cost of a match."
76561198006981628,Not Recommended,291650,30680051,Posted: 22 March,all,DedJim,Don't buy crashes on macbook every time it tries to save!
76561198006584953,Not Recommended,291650,32422049,Posted: 14 June,all,Premier666,Not worth it at such a ridiculous price.
76561198122930823,Not Recommended,291650,26490485,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,captainuberawesome,"Great game mechanics, poorly written plot and characters. Obsidian has a lot to learn from Bioware in terms of writing RPG characters."
76561198000301635,Not Recommended,291650,33712839,Posted: 21 July,all,Arak Zantara,Cannot and will not support a company that blatently tries to rip off its customer base. ( Paradox )Obsidian did make a good product for what its worth
,Not Recommended,291650,26156619,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,WingZero,"I tried to like it, but can't. It is way too basic and boring."
76561198044726896,Not Recommended,291650,15131546,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,myst,"Great game but too many technical problems.Macbook Pro 2013, crashes too often. Very buggy product.Desperately needs fixes."
,Recommended,291650,15370406,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Red Steel,Good Game. Not for everyone. Has a very old school feel to it. Not lush graphics but the gameplay is solid. It's a game where you have to watch every move. You can add compaions to your mission. Talk through text based. It's a good game. I'm glad I got it.
,Not Recommended,291650,29447639,Posted: 23 January,all,yenshin,"This game is like baldur's gate.An old rpg using the same engine.The story isn't really appeling and it's a bit cliche.The main caracter is someone important, but don't know why, and bla bla bla.It's an almost ok storyThe fight, in hard mode it's the mode I have played:always use same technics that works.use door to get enemmy stuck and kill things one by one.It's ok if you can do something else, like stealthing ? but if you want to enjoy the game and companion, you have to do every fight.And there is a way too much useless fight with the same door tricks.The game isn't so bad. But it's not a really good role playing game. It's an almost ok game.If you want interesting fightdivinity original sinxcom2 but ok it's not and rpgBetter story or at least well written ones (that's only my opinion):alpha protocolfallout new vegasand for heroic fantasy I can't give advice on well written story, maybe morrowind ?.70h it's because sometime my game is launched and i do something else. Maybe i have played 30 / 40h, don't know.Just to be fair, some side quest are really interesting."
76561198073748319,Not Recommended,291650,15208239,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Coke Sniper,Overpriced and overrated
,Not Recommended,291650,21237778,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,TunaSamich,"Classes need more detailed descriptions, pretty good baulders gate style game but the graphics look just like the original baulders gate. Just wasn't fun for me. put in for a refund, it's been almost a week and nothing yet."
76561198052108016,Not Recommended,291650,15134831,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,kurikinton,"I've decided to give a negative review to this game as a minor reality check to all the rave positive reviews.The game is not bad, and if you really really love the genre (old school isometric RPGs) and are relatively easily drawn in to most games, then do by all means get this and play it through. I've only just started playing, so take this review with a grain of salt. But on the other hand, I played everything in this genre during it's heyday, so I believe I am capable of assessing the game in just a few hours of playtime.But to the review. In short, only 3.5 hours in and I am bored silly. I'm still only playing through the prologue and I know that I will never play this game to the end, so I have wasted money on yet another Steam game. My sense at the moment is that it is the story that is the problem, followed by the poor choice of mechanics with a bad mix of real-time and turn-based approaches thrown together. In comparison, Wasteland II, in the same game category (again, Isometric RPG), grabbed my attention totally and I played through it within just a few days of sheer enjoyment. So what is the difference between these two games?1. Wasteland II is truly open world. At any point, you can drop what you are doing and go somewhere else, in fact just about to any other location on the map, with some minor limitations if you lack certain gear. In comparison, though PoE is full of choices and branching of the story, it still feels very directed and scripted (at least so far). A case in point is the way that cut scenes cut in frequently, and to top that off, you suddenly get a wall of text describing what happens next, blocking out the actual graphics, which for me personally, absolutely ruins immersion. Those walls of text make me feel like I'm in an adventure game, not an RPG. Bleah. It feels really, really contrived.2. Dialog. There is simply too much dialog. It goes on and on. Sure, great voice acting (for usually just the first few lines of dialog - which is also weird - after a few lines the voice just cuts out), but I don't want to waste the few hours per day I have to play simply reading. I can do that with a book. Again, in comparison, the dialog in Wasteland II was short and to the point. In PoE, I find myself clicking through the dialog without even reading it. Bloody waste of time. Also, there are some minor problems where characters you speak with break immersion by using modern 20th/21st century colloquialisms (""townies"", for instance) that make the dialog/story seem sloppily written.3. Combat. You really have to baby sit your party in PoE. You have to micromanage the behavior of each member, otherwise they will do something stupid or simply stop attacking. On the other hand, enemy AI is almost psychic and enemies will invariably go for your weakest party member, who, usually a magic user of some kind, has already used up his very meager supply of spells (more on that later). This micromanagement approach works fine with turn-based combat, again as in Wasteland II, but it falls flat with the realtime + pause approach in PoE (in my opinion). I'm sure the magic users get stronger later in game, but early on they are baggage who hold back the party because they need to be actively protected. They have no defensive ability (low health etc.) and are constantly targeted, so you need to keep them away from mobs. Meanwhile, your tanks don't seem to attack constantly unless you actually select them and click on a mob, as in an action RPG. That would be fine if it were just you, but you have a whole party to do that for, which interrupts and slows down the whole combat experience, making it quite boring. An example is where I had my character (a barbarian) tank while I tried using the other fighter in the party as an archer. That other fighter would shoot once, and then stand there and do nothing until I selected and ordered them to act again. Again, it is the unsuccessful combination of realtime and turn based mechanics that ruins it. In comparison, while Wasteland II was completely turn based (using the Fallout style action points system), it worked perfectly and combat was actually quite exciting.4. Magic. Magic uses the extreme old school approach that you can only cast spells of each level once or twice before you use up your quota, and then you have to wait or rest etc. This renders magic users useless early on after they cast their couple of spells. After that you just have to make them run away from combat or they will get clobbered.5. Finally, I guess for me it is the genre. Prerendered, scripted, choose-your-own-adventure RPGs just don't do it for me anymore. Wasteland II was the notable exception recently, because the story and mechanics made up for the glaring weakness of the technology behind them. I assumed PoE would be like that, and I was wrong. In short, I would much rather do another (my 500th??) play-through of Skyrim then play PoE all the way through."
,Not Recommended,291650,15201758,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,대븨구수,"I was having a good time with this game, riddled with bugs sure but it was playable.Then something got noticed, one of the backers wrote a limmerick on one of the gravestones, and it was a joke about a transgender. A certain group of internet hypocrites jumped on this and screamed bloody murder.I was worried with the state of gaming today would the developers cave? Yes.. yes they did they removed it, because some minor yet vocal group don't know how to take a joke.Obsidian has shown here that they have a spine like a limp noodle.The game itself is fine, but if you are against censorship in games i would highly suggest you dont give a dime to these people and just take to the high seas."
,Recommended,291650,33049493,Posted: 30 June,all,Maj /// Minase // Kyle,"----------REVIEWS ARE FOR GAMES, NOT PUBLISHERS.---------------Been wanting this game for a long time, saw it on sale for $17, bought it at once.Cheapest this game has ever been.    Don't really see what all the complaining is about.Don't listen to all these bandwagoning weaklings.  This is a high quality game and worth every penny of $17 and more.After putting several hours into the game, I can tell you it's definitely worth it.  Dialogue choices actually matter, you're actually given a lot of freedom, and the game has several layers of depth to it.  You can go do a quest, be deep in a dungeon finding secret compartments and tunnels and all sorts of loot and interesting things, and discover you've suddenly had something back at your castle go wrong, or a tenant pleading for you to hear his case.  The game world feels alive-  This is a really hard thing to get down and this game pulls it off pretty well.Some things about it could be better, but overall it's definitely worth your time. A very high quality game."
76561198060911223,Not Recommended,291650,33365279,Posted: 7 July,all,Umbrik,Bad company and sh***y pricing policies
76561198092567948,Not Recommended,291650,29835634,Posted: 10 February,all,h2ogz,"DO NOT, I repeat DO NOT buy any expansion of this game, it will not work. Spent over 3 hours trying to get White March to work and it was a no go. No customer support at all. Got refund and uninstalled this crap!!"
76561198130396345,Not Recommended,291650,31418079,Posted: 28 April,all,alan,great man
,Not Recommended,291650,15128536,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,WeaponZero,"I am writing this on the 30th of March, 2015, a day or two after release, so there have been no patch yet. I feel I should state that before anything else because it's important.The game in it's current state is too full of gamebreaking bugs for me to really recommend this. It has the potential to be a great game, there is no doubt about that, but the amount of bugs greatly outweigh any enjoyment I am currently getting from it. I won't list all the bugs I've encountered during my 6 hours of playing but suffice to say that I have had to restart the game from scratch three times already because the game has broken in various creative way (including not being able to go out from inside a dungeon)."
76561198064136103,Not Recommended,291650,30726127,Posted: 25 March,all,bharal,"Way too dark.The game is fun - it is no ""Divinity: Original Sin"" but it's ok. I'd recommend this game normally, but the game is too darn dark. I've cranked up something called ""gamma"" which is the nearest I could get to a ""Brightness"" setting, but everything is too dark - especially at night.Fog of war is super dark, so that you might as well just have a black vastness around your characgter - after exploring an area it is very hard to make out, once you leave it, what was there.At night time this become ridiculous - you cannot make out anything in fog of war, and the visible region itself is also too dark.Presumably the developers paid good money to create artwork for this game - why are they hiding it? It's a waste, and means I have to time my rests so that I only walk around in daylight. but rests are a fixed period, so the whole thing is just frustrating.A game where they've made some choices, presumably for ""realism"", that just don't make the game fun."
76561198030681948,Not Recommended,291650,24408004,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,david3907,Had so many hopes for this but really disappointed. Combat is a joke simply point and click. No skill whats so ever. Graphics are also pretty poor. Would expect a lot better for a game of its age. Generally game lack any buzz.
,Not Recommended,291650,21254827,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,-=LCS=- nevermelt,"Script and voice acting are utter trash. Made up world is not realistic at all. People in the game world just stand around for you to talk to them after quests are triggered, they don't even mill about, they just stand there. Except for arbitrary exceptions, like when all the NPCs in town just stick around to sit out in the mudd instead of go inside after a public execution, cuz apparently the devs couldnt be bothered to take a brake from the fancy 3D lighting and sound to actually put in some, you know, like, Ultima 7-era scripts, let alone compelling AI and real narrative. Shoulda stuck with Infinity, shoulda stayed in Forgotten Realms, shoulda hired a NOVELIST to write dialogue. 2/10 for graphics and sound"
76561198055354982,Not Recommended,291650,28857353,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Cheerwino,"Gameplay is repetitive, not fun.  The AI for your characters is terrible, requiring lots of micromanagement (not fun). The story--which is elaborate and can be hard to follow--is carried out mostly in conversations, rather than your own actions.  So you run from place to place, micromanage a few dull fights along the way, talk to someone, repeat.  Dull, dull, dull.Admittedly, I only played for 6.5 hrs, so the game may improve.  But I'm not interested in playing a game where I have to invest at least 6 hours before the fun STARTS."
76561198166898924,Not Recommended,291650,32279677,Posted: 8 June,all,Paco,"If you are hoping for the heir of baldurs gate series, dont buy this game. Definitely overrated. Boring. It certainly does not give that epic feeling."
76561198017206777,Not Recommended,291650,15207122,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Cobalt,"I can't recommend this game.  This game is fun, but it currently is overpriced."
76561198295416380,Not Recommended,291650,31310031,Posted: 22 April,all,trob3,"I got a royal♥♥♥♥♥kicking cause I could not figure out the combat system. I read the manual, googled it and came back and still got a royal♥♥♥♥♥kicking. I am going back to chess."
76561197991645907,Not Recommended,291650,15222917,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Autism Module,"Ireally liked your game, Obsidian, but will never give it positive rating after you agreed to cave in to Social Justice Warriors. Removal of backer content is disrepectful and insulting."
,Not Recommended,291650,24757825,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,A Framed Picture of Mao Zedong,r/atheism the video game
76561198081489963,Not Recommended,291650,19924001,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,daniel.beckman,Lame
76561198155519940,Not Recommended,291650,29622255,Posted: 31 January,all,ecjones2040,To me the game is boring.
,Not Recommended,291650,15201641,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,GenVec,Obsidian capitulates to idiotic Twitter fanatics at the drop of a hat and sells out their own Kickstarter backers. Avoid their future products like the plague.
76561198109059700,Recommended,291650,33092107,Posted: 1 July,all,ALPHAandOMEGA,"This game is great. If you actually play the game and play through the DLC's there should be over 300 hours of gameplay. All these carebears complaining about cost of games, should shove it. The amount of playtime you get with this game and replayability is far superior than almost all other games on steam which can be completed in 15-40 hoours at the same price point. This game is more in depth than Witcher 3 or any of the other spin off's of Grand theft auto system running around doing scores of pointless B.S. that gets you one point in some ability. Stop crying about money, if you can't afford 50 bucks or the DLC prices get a job."
,Not Recommended,291650,32420644,Posted: 14 June,all,luckinrio,"Very overpriced game for a mediocre storyline, combat and graphics."
76561198089381364,Not Recommended,291650,30990341,Posted: 6 April,all,Ninjamestari,"A vastly overrated game that has its merits, but way too many flaws to be an actually enjoyable experience. The whole setting is way out there in terms of ridiculousness; even muscle strength has been reduced to an abstract metaphysical concept, which makes it more difficult to get excited about the statistics of your character. Also the pacing is horrible and there's way too much way too repetitive combat, none of the classes are interesting, too many spells and abilities are these wonky things that require way too many pre-existing conditions to actually work, and the world is just weird in the wrong way. Nothing has that exotic and exciting feel of the good kind of weird, instead everything is weird in the disturbing uncanny-valley-sense. This game just utterly fails in its attempts to create excitement, and is one of those games that get appreciation through idiotic fanboys and people who are too afraid to simply have the courage to say that ""yes, this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t""."
76561198061022060,Not Recommended,291650,29479925,Posted: 25 January,all,panda magic,"boring story, no solid background on the main char story."
76561198068601746,Not Recommended,291650,15139697,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,veitstraube,rather boring
,Not Recommended,291650,15106725,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,why you noob,"This is not D&D mechanics based game, this is not Baldur's Gate trilogy, where they had ""Forgotten  Realms"" written and ready to be used as a source for lore and story, but since BGT is a quintessence of cRPG for me, I will compare PoE to it.+Interesting mechanics and devs balance decisions - ciphers, chanters, monks (finally a class equal to bard is enjoyable to play and useful; very useful and strong druid; neat idea of wounds and some good skills for monk based on that);Crafting/Enchanting?Short text quests while interacting with the world (reminds me of text quests in ""space rangers 2: doinators""), sometimes injuring your companions, very neat;Some nice dialogues between companions and you, few funny jokes here and there;Dev-generated companions are quite deep (I liked amuaua chanter the most);Interesting concepts for the storyline;Dialogue options based on your class, reputation, stats;With all that,decent cRPG;-Lack of loot- Crafting/Enchanting - the amount of loot is so small that devs decided to put enchanting in the game, some may like it, I do not. You can hardly find enchanted helmets/boots/cloacks/amulets/rings, weapons - all that stuff, in comparison to BGT trilogy. Also, amulet and cloack use the same slot;Lack of sidequests - caused by lack of characters you can speak with (you look into peoples souls not actually interacting with them);So many concepts done wrong;No real options for evil-neutral-good roleplay,most quests end up with you killing even if you are playing a lawful good character(and there are no evil companions in the game, unlilike in BG), most of the dialogue options that are based on stats  result only in changed dialogue lines, not influencing the flow of the quest;No real stealth, no stealth in combat. Maybe I understand the concept of stealth mechanics wrong, but I don't like how it is implemented in the game;Lack of spells (for wizards and priest)  - magic looks very poor for me in this game;Poorly written lore/loot description (sometimes)Deceptive map sizeAbsolutely linear storylineTL:DRThis game makes me want to reinstall the Baldur's Gate Trilogy BGE when I will stop messing with stats, classes, level difficulties and complete absolutely all sidequests."
76561198040457997,Not Recommended,291650,34957787,Posted: 14 September,all,Keemossi,"The game is rather good, but ♥♥♥♥ Paradox scumbaggery."
76561198041108461,Not Recommended,291650,25328451,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Kuriousjorj,"Another overrated, empty game.It speaks so much about the gaming world that things like this are somehow heralded to be 'good.'  This game is all smoke and mirrors.  Full of sound and fury, signifying nothing. A whole bunch of nothing.Sidenote:  why is it that many spells don't target lock to the enemy, but instead, lock onto to the ground they're standing on?And then why are those enemies allowed to move and totally evade the spell without experiencing a ""Disengage penalty?""And yet if we move while being attacked, we DO experience that penalty?Meh, whatever.  That's just ONE OF MANY examples of inexusable mechanics of this overrated mediocrity.The story?  What story?  Ugh, so shallow.  Nothing there.I bought this, I tried it, it's BORING.  I've tried playing a little more -- IT'S BORING!  Get ready to skip  through pretty much all dialogue and journal entries and all the other walls of text throughout the game.  You just won't care.  Unless you like stroking ohter people's egos.Can't stand it when authors are overly in love with their own long-winded blathering.  Show it.  Don't say it.  That's rule 101 of storytelling.The world, the atmosphere, there's just nothing there worth caring about.TLDR:  another overrated game apparently being praised by people so desperate for something in a particular genre or IP they they turn total fanboi and forgo holding it to any standards.EDIT:  I regret having bought this.  Almost feel scammed TBH.  Also no longer reading reviews on Steam.  Too many giddy fanbois w/ no standards or criteria.  Everything is so wonderful and awesome to them.  Nevermind if it's re-used, uneventful, shallow, and lacking in so many ways.  People still giving games 'Thumbs Up' that aren't even close to deserving it."
,Not Recommended,291650,15120985,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Gurviz,"I didnt expect much from this game.It looks and plays a lot like BG's, especially 1st, but in general its a bad imitation.Writing is pretty meh  and main story is generic as ♥♥♥♥, AI is bad, the world is bland and boring.But wait, there is more!Bugs!Gamebreaking bugs,bugs that can easily ♥♥♥♥ up your fight (for instance horrific pathfinding,autoattack cant be disabled and spells hitting invisible walls), technical bugs (like that super strange lag when my keyboard stopped responding for a solid 10 secs).It feels like an overpriced early access game.I can only recommend this game to people, who wants to play something similar to BG's, but without any expectations.3/5 only because its an indie game,Still nothing can beat D:OS"
76561197986279290,Recommended,291650,32604197,Posted: 20 June,all,Pogey-Bait,"Steam really needs to change it's review system. All these kids that write bad reviews because they don't like a pricing system is ridiculous. Should have to be over the age of 18 and have some hours into a game before being able to ""review"" games.Tired of all the children whining about DLCs/pricing etc. that have ZERO to do with the game at all."
76561198029365391,Recommended,291650,33059597,Posted: 30 June,all,AlienWired,"This game ROCKS!Do not be mistaken to think I only played this for 16 hours, this isn't the only computer I own and I have THIS downloaded on ALL  of them.To post negative reviews based on price is worse than anything Paradox is doing."
76561198004538351,Not Recommended,291650,15225049,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Buzzerker,"Highly overpriced and over rated. Looks like an enhanced version of a very old game. it is the way I expected Baldur's Gate 2 enhanced edition to look. Map does not even rotate. If you are consideriing buying this game , wait a few months , the price will plummet. although any game with Paradox involved they tend to sit on for a while.  If you played Baldur's Gate 1 or 2 or Icewind Dale 1 or 2 you aren't missing anything. In fact those games , though dated , were better when they first came out."
,Not Recommended,291650,30397789,Posted: 8 March,all,Increddibelly,massive game. text heavy. combat is miserable. it's more work than play.
76561197994171144,Not Recommended,291650,26430369,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Z_Judas,"It seems like a good game. I wish I could play it, Unfortunately, I cannot, and due to my 32 bit system, it is about as stable as a coked out schizophrenic."
,Not Recommended,291650,26539599,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Kyutaru,Censorship.
76561197989964159,Not Recommended,291650,31892574,Posted: 21 May,all,Pills,Completely terrible combat system. Debillitating to every other aspect of the game. Do not play this game.
76561197968254063,Not Recommended,291650,23759698,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,bean,"This may be the best top-down class RPG ever made, but I've just learned that I don't enjoy top-down classic RPGs. If you enjoy games like this, then I'm sure it is wonderful, but the game's quality does not transcend the genre. Personally, I felt like my character sheet won or lost fights and while I was enjoying the story and the voice-acting, I felt like a game with such low production value should have started at a much lower price-point. I only tried this now due to a sale price of about $18, but with such low production value, I don't know why it didn't launch at a $20 price-point, so even on sale it felt like a poor value. Having said that, if you are a fan of the genre, it does seem to be a standout within this genre. . .  just, again, I don't see the appeal of the genre."
76561198009987418,Not Recommended,291650,23665916,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,4Bravo,"*****EDIT:Pay attention to all the angry comments below regarding this review of mine.  And use your own judgment on the validity of my claim regarding who are the target audience for this game.*****END EDITThe quick and dirty of this review:IF YOU'RE A KICKSTARTER BACKER OF THIS GAME:  You'll probably love it.  It was made for you.IF YOU'RE NOT A BACKER:  There's a small chance you'll like it, if you don't mind old-school.IF YOU'RE A MODERN DAY GAMER:  Stay away.  This game will feel very outdated.*****Now on to the review*****This game feels like it was created to please the kickstarter backers, and was never really intended to please your average joe gamer.There are a lot of elements in this game that seem like the devs did for the sole purpose of providing that element of nostalgia to their target audience... without regard for whether it actually makes for a good game.For example... game dev companies have long since figured out how to do more efficient inventory management systems in their RPG games.  In this game, however... If you have 200 items to sell... then you will click 200 times.  The devs who made this game are a pretty talented group of individuals... so I refuse to believe they haven't learned how inventories are done these days... which leads me to the conclusion that it was done on purpose for sheer nostalgia.  To remember the days when inventory management was a chore... functionality be damned.As for storyline... ever played games where you find books on the ground that contain endless text, and it's optional to read them for additional immersion into the game world?  Well, in this game... that kind of wall of text is the norm.  The storyline is a MASSIVE WALL OF TEXT.  To add to the confusion... a lot of times the character speaking would be saying something different than the text it presents you, so you have to listen to something different that is being voiced over while reading totally different text.  This game might make you a little schizo.A lot of what happens in the plot are also done via text instead of actually creating cut scenes to show them to you.  If you play this game, you truly are going back in time... before devs figured out how to do cool things.  And you need to be prepared for that.Me... I like flashy cut scenes and fancy graphics.  Why?  Because well... it's 2016.  I think I would have loved this game had it been released on the heels of Baldur's Gate.  But this type of game in the modern era... you'd have to be a die hard fan of old school games to like it.Now don't get me wrong, I love walls of text.  If my Kindle is any indication, I've read 7 novels in the last 4 months.  But when I put down my novel and fire up my PC game... that means I want to do something else other than read walls of text.  And this game forces me to read WALLS.  OF.  TEXT.If it was Guy Gavriel Kay level writing... it might have been interesting.  But it's like... a boring book."
76561198019733506,Not Recommended,291650,28855443,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Nerdgasm,"This game tries to be Baldur's Gate, but sucks pretty bad in comparison."
,Not Recommended,291650,30739357,Posted: 25 March,all,Toon Mod,♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,291650,26436650,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Reformed Ass,"skip it, it costs more than the witcher 3 ... REALLY ??!! WTF ??!!"
76561198008382545,Not Recommended,291650,25474352,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Riot,WHY THE HECK IS THIS NOT A MP/COOP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!FIX THIS!
76561198039317739,Not Recommended,291650,26717058,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,zielonyludek100,Poor game. It is not BG. It should beta version for couple of $.Small amount of quests and charters.Bad story.Small areas.I do not recommend.
76561198118851053,Not Recommended,291650,25343539,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Cuck Lord Alex,Neverwinter nights was better
,Not Recommended,291650,15117875,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Zurv,"Kinda boring. Divinity Original Sin showed how you take old school style and make it modern (and fun). Combat in PoE is painful. Interface is bad. Saying it is like BG (which i loved when it came out) is a crutch. There were tech limits on what could be done 15 years ago. Making it unfriendly isn't a ""feature"" it is just lazy. Neverwinter nights 2 was a big improvement in gameplay over BG et al. But this game play is pre-NWN2. The game is ""ok"" - but there seems to be a lot of the ""emperor's new clothes"" going around. If you can get past... everything related to how it looks and plays :).. maybe the story gets better - Obsidian makes great games (other than DS3) - but IMO this isn't one of them. Feels like i'm playing a remasted game that was great 10 years ago.. but doesn't stand up anymore.If you want some good top down party/story based RPG. Get Dragon Age, or Divinity Original Sin"
,Not Recommended,291650,15081928,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Lycangel,"All right, will sound harsh but the main reason I am not recomending this title is the fact that people were trying to hail it as the next Baldur's Gate. It isn't.While it sort of looks and feels a little like Baldurs gate, its just not. Here are my basic complaints.1. Messing With the StatsThe creators of this game decided they wanted to get creative with the stats. So they dumped everything you're familiar with (Strength, Dexterity, Intelligence, Etc.) And put in brand new stats. So if you are hoping to just jump right in and know whats going on from other RPGs, the answer is no. You're going to have to re-learn all the stats2. Absolutely Zero AIIn Baldurs gate, you could give custom scripts to your characters. Things like ""Hey, you, you're a cleric. Cast healing spells when we take damage."" ""Gotcha Boss"" So you could focus on watching health, positioning, spell casting, all that good stuff. There is NO AI IN THIS GAME. If you have six party members, you are micro managing six party members. Otherwise they will just stand there and pick their nose.3. Small MapsI've been running through for a while and.... well these maps feel really small. I can discover well over half a map in like..... 2 minutes. It feels cramped over all. They look nice don't get me wrong but.... I imagine even while finding secrets I can blow through an entire area in five minutes.4. Yak Yak Yak, Yak Yak Yak Yak Yak Yak.So.... much..... talking. I've started to just skip it. You can see I've been playing 16 hours, but I've only gone through 4 areas. THERE IS SO MUCH TALKING. I'm all for story line but don't write me a damn novel all at once here.5. What the hell am I doing?They have little pop up windows to give you advice but.... lets be frank here. A whole damn tutorial explaining stats, skills, daily abilities, encoutenr abilities, the fact that you can flank, what survival does precisely, all would have been very useful.So there's my gripe. People kept screaming ""OHMYGOSH ITS JUST LIKE BALDURS GATE"" And its just not. Saying its like Baldur's Gate is like saying Clue is Just like Monopoly. You move pieces around a board right?As a game not related to Baldurs Gate at all, its not bad. A whole friggen lot of talking, but not bad. I guess I'm just holding a grudge b/c I was expecting a much more similar system. I'm a stranger in this game."
76561198029552432,Not Recommended,291650,30158107,Posted: 24 February,all,Farkenel,Got it on sale. Meh. Boring.
76561198247582082,Not Recommended,291650,23690056,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Lord of Terror,"The game wont even start on my mac, and valve dont want to issue a refund, because they say i played it for more than 2 hours. which i didnt because the game wont even pass the first loading screen, it crashes everytime.The first time i did run the game was about 2 am, it loaded and i created a character, but the game had black parts on the map so i could not move the character, went to settings but nothing fixed the blacks on the map, fell asleep trying to fix the game, so i left it on the screen it was. now everytime i load the game and hit continue the game wont load it crashes everytime.If you are on a mac dont waste your money."
76561198031141433,Not Recommended,291650,15100596,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Denton,don't play as a ranger. This game is fun until it messes up. It is so broken in silly ways. Played as  ranger for 25 minutes then can't continue because my companion has gone missing.
,Not Recommended,291650,28458286,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,RiotRabit,"Great game, but no multiplayer."
76561198008857630,Not Recommended,291650,15092692,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,MythTrip,"Needs a patch!! Screens are so dark its hard to make out anything.....can barely see map screen, and inventorycharacter  screens are mostly dark. Only adjustment on graphics options is gamma; I turned it all way up with no success."
76561197968704638,Not Recommended,291650,22984822,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Hellz,Bad.... do not waste your money.
,Not Recommended,291650,15099221,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,InKarna,The gameplay definitely doesnt deserve the metascore that it has. So many irritating little things.
76561198098415321,Not Recommended,291650,23556433,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Something Lost,what the ♥♥♥♥ is this
76561198022226009,Not Recommended,291650,23705654,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,smujismuj,"Wow, huge disappointment.After such an in-depth character creation,I was really looking forward to designing a completely unique avatar.Then, sadly, the game started....I was expenting a Diablo/Torchlight interface.And the combat graphics are pathetic.I quit after five minutes."
76561198010452496,Not Recommended,291650,15093329,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,frankiecampbell2,"Great game if you like Lore.  Antiquated graphics, even though it is an Isometric game.  Quirky combat.  Not a fan of the user interface.  The controls do not feel intuitive."
,Not Recommended,291650,15098018,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,SokAl,"No ""walk-toggle"" while it was asked for 10 billion times. For game entirely made for our money this is quite ignorant move by developers."
,Not Recommended,291650,15100769,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,jerms werd,"Really disappointed by this game. The writing and voice acting are awful, I seriously cannot bring myself to read the dozens of pages of text that it would require to know what to do after just the first few hours. Really poorly done and the lesson is clear; never try to make a clone of classic game because you're going to doom youself to falling short and comparions will be inevitable."
76561198001555759,Not Recommended,291650,15084063,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,BunnyCoitus,"*Neg simply to balance out fanboy service*So there's no way to get around the ol' Baulder's Gate comparison; so lets go with that.By today's standards, BG would be like an old rusted station wagon that someone had dropped a 12 cylinder engine into; even though it may look and sometimes handle like crap, it was powerful, both in story and mechanics.  That last part is the important part.PoEt is like some Toyota 4-banger someone reskined to look like a Bugatti.Its a nice game but once you open the hood and begin to explore the little tibits that made BG so great, this game will definately come up short.Most likely worth the cost of the game tho so would recomend especially to new commers to real RPGs but much hyped and much fan service in lew of actual chutzpah.PS. Go play Planescape Torment instead"
76561198079844667,Not Recommended,291650,25316395,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,TruScottishGuy | PC MASTER RACE,COMBAT IS♥♥♥♥♥♥PLAYED IT FOR 2 HOURS GOT BOARD.
76561197968575794,Not Recommended,291650,15099914,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,FartGod,"Meh, game play is fizz grafix is fizz GG, to much reading."
76561197963221112,Not Recommended,291650,15071811,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,AkToker,"Wish I could get my money back, got 2.5 hours in and my pet disappeared.  Can't proceed anywhere else cause my party isn't whole.  Their solution was to quit and restart.  Did that 20 times and nothing.  Might be fun after an update fixes the problem, I guess I'll just have to wait and see.  Don't really want to start over, even though I'm only 2 hours and some change into it."
,Not Recommended,291650,23779962,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mecha King Kong,Extremely limited character creation options. Portraits that don't match the characters you create. Poor lore.
76561198015323297,Not Recommended,291650,15081714,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,DopamineKata,I really want to like this game but the interface and controls are horrid.
,Not Recommended,291650,23678792,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,20 см в лежаке,ResidentSleeper
,Recommended,291650,30381276,Posted: 7 March,all,martij7,"Great game - harkens back to the infinity isles games - Baldur's Gate 1&2, etc.Not being constrained to the D&D rules has really helped out.  Most of the new mechanics feel comfortable, but seem more efficient and straightforward than some of the D&D stuff designed for pen and paper...This game breathed new life into the CRPG genre, and made one of the better games since Planescape: Torment."
76561197998712268,Recommended,291650,30389322,Posted: 8 March,all,Acidalias,"Spend 99 minutes building a Paladin, like old school style. Slay starting minions, easy. Slay minions in first big dungeon, easy. Ooh, a box. Trapped. Dead. Save Game Deleted. Next! 8.2/10Old school feel and look. Detailed character builds with weapons and armor to make the game fun. If the Dev puts out more DLC and updates this game will be a 9/10 and a classic."
76561198002674594,Recommended,291650,30399478,Posted: 8 March,all,FatRabbit,"Pillars of Eternity is a high fantasy adventure rpg with so much heart you barely have time to notice the minimal flaws.By the time I had finished (I didn't even complete everything) and the credits started to roll, and the familiar musical themes began to summon up all my memories of nights playing through this epic tale, I knew Pillars of Eternity had snuck its way into my heart and made a home across the dirt road from Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale, in the little green valley where all of my beloved fantasy worlds live.I eagerly await Pillars of Eternity 2."
,Recommended,291650,30475179,Posted: 12 March,all,InvalidEntity,I'm so glad I bought this game. I'm completely addicted. The story is good. The game is challenging. I'm fully enjoying it even though I'm dying repeatedly by going into places I'm not high enough level for.
76561198074323909,Recommended,291650,30351580,Posted: 5 March,all,Nobody,"This game is amazing IF you like games such as these. If your main issue with BG1 was that a wizard (or fighter Mage) could easily effortlessly sleep 1/2 the game and laugh at the rest, well you won't have the issue here lol. (Wizards can still solo but it isn't as brainless thanks to restrictions on rest on hard+There are a few minor annoyances (I can't click a monster as the target of my crowd control and have my character just cast it at that critter once he finishes gesturing, he instead casts it at the position the critter used to have when I selected the spell, meaning you need to guess where they'll be if you're targeting melees rushing towards your party. But I guess this is good if you're targeting a fireball lol.) but I'm putting my money where my mouth is. I just doubled down by buying the expansions and if I hurry I might be able to still contribute to PoE2 . I hope it's still up."
76561198009063046,Recommended,291650,18386739,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Cucknadian,Absolutely incredible game
,Recommended,291650,30610480,Posted: 19 March,all,sh1tbird,"great game, great update on the isometric RPG formula of yester year.  You can really tell the devs poured some serious love and attention into this. for instance there are an absolute ton of magic items and each one has an backstory and lore. the variety of spells that magic classes have to choose from is long and interesting with their own backstory. the learning curve might be a little steep for some but its a rewarding game once you do. I really dig the soundtrack and to add another interesting point alot of the singing and playing of instuments was done by the staff at obsidian."
76561198057395241,Recommended,291650,30610505,Posted: 19 March,all,PanterA,"Amazing old school RPG. If you liked Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale and Planescape: Torment, you gonna enjoy this game.The White March DLC is a bit hard if you play it with low level characters. I recommend good gear and high levels  to enjoy it.Now, I am waiting for Part II: Pillars of Eternity: Deadfire!"
76561197978672134,Recommended,291650,15180204,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Jesus Driftus,"Saw a deer. Attacked deer with bow. Deer explodes in thousand pieces, no dismembering needed though.10/10EDIT: Got rekt by a bunch of boars afterwards. Anyone from the Gothic 3 Dev Team working at Obsidian?"
76561198211852248,Recommended,291650,30610882,Posted: 19 March,all,katacoo,"Character Creator is minimalistic. You can't customize your character's build, there are only three preset faces to choose from for any given race/gender combination, and some of those combinations have only two or three preset character portraits available. Gotta hope it's more detailed in the upcoming sequel.Game length is short, only 30 or so hours. Again, Obsidian needs to step it up in PoE2.The stronghold isn't a personal hub so much as a checklist of chores you have to fill in every few in-game days. Visitors and skirmishes with invaders force you to backtrack to Caed Nua throughout the game regardless of your Prestige or Security rating, in what I assume is a method of superficially extending the game length.The 'Scouting' system (crouch sneaking) made me paranoid of traps and hidden objects in every map, as it's the only way to reliably detect them aside from having an absurdly high Perception and Mechanics score, so my time in each new area was constantly slowed to a snail's pace.Apart from these shortcomings and annoyances, the story and gameplay are both solid. You have numerous options in defeating mobs of enemies with traps, buffs and powerful scrolls apart from your own characters' abilities. If you hate a certain companion's class abilities or personality, you can bench them in the stronghold as long as you want. You can also skip out on plenty of side quests without losing a significant amount of resources or experience. Dialogue options are numerous and give a satisfying amount of freedom in defining your character through major and minor plot points. The only other complaint I have is that the AI pathing is buggy in getting characters to manuever through chokepoints and hallways. Even enemy characters will stop dead in their tracks in open areas and do nothing without any Stuck, Confuse or Charm effects. Another glaring issue that, with all the millions PoE2's kickstarter received, I can only hope won't be present next time around."
76561198169050384,Recommended,291650,18844588,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,ollerkssn,Well written and with just enough WIERD to keep it interesting!
76561198004623891,Recommended,291650,30616222,Posted: 19 March,all,Vala Tarsis,This is an excellent game with excellent companions. I'm replaying it just so that I can get ready for the next installment. :'D
76561198079497185,Recommended,291650,18705720,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,ottavio,"Meets it's goal as a spiritual successor to Balder's Gate. The story is deep and compelling. The tactical game play is consistent with it's predecessors. The 2d isomorphic graphics are detailed and rich. Character development is enjoyable.On the other hand, this game doesn't take you too far byond the elements of Balder's Gate. Screen loading seems a little excessive at times. Some of the 3d characters could use more detail. But dispite this, it's a fun game to play."
76561198034430113,Recommended,291650,18738075,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Thornaxe,"Great game, minus the complete and utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ final battle. Reminds me a lot of the endfight of BG1, where your main enemy is capable of 1shotting you at will. How they have an achievement for a solo win is utterly beyond me, given that the main antagonist can cast a DoT that will kill you in 12 seconds. My party of 6 max level characters with damn nice gear got utterly curbstomped repeatedly until i dismissed the final battle as utterly unbalanced and completely absurd.I'm so tempted to not recommend the game based on that, but the rest of it is so good. They story is engaging, and i like the combat system. They just utterly ♥♥♥♥ed up the endfight. UTTERLY."
76561197976007375,Recommended,291650,18796412,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,sabbacca,"Fantastic game. Combat can feel a little hectic if you arent used to it, but if you were a fan of Baldurs Gate/Icewind Dale, you owe it to yourself  to pick this up."
,Recommended,291650,18965265,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Shu,"Incredible game. The way the story was delivered kept me enthralled to the end. The pace slowed down a bit during the 3rd act, but quickly drew me back in. I havent had a game make me feel this involved in quite some time. Combat could definitely use some improvements, but the story is what really shines in this game. Definitely worth the pickup if you enjoy RPGs with choice consequenses."
76561198073960904,Recommended,291650,30603070,Posted: 18 March,all,koenig911,Great!
76561197971518214,Recommended,291650,18944863,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,WulFKrigan,"I'm not done with it, but it is a solid game. Very fun and a compelling story."
,Not Recommended,291650,18607770,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,lantanian,"I almost finished this game , first time I started it at hard level but it was very hard , almost impossible and boring to play at this level because there is no micro management in the game. Most weird thing is when you attack to only one enemy with melee, if enemy is in recovery stage (I mean it cant attack you in 2-3 secs), if you prefer to break melee and try to attack another enemy , first enemy will attack you with bonus ,lets assume if you attack this enemy with 100 men , if you prefer to change target, first enemy can attack to 100 men with bonus at same time and all of them will be hit by first enemy. I never see this kind of rule in DND or path finder. As I said I almost finished but I dont want to finish it probably I will uninstall it."
,Recommended,291650,18946869,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Tregelen,Freaking awesome. A great RPG like the ones I grew up on.
,Recommended,291650,17107632,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Krunan,This game was not without flaws but overall it was great.  I played though it twice.
76561198163252986,Recommended,291650,16985850,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,lyell.doll,"An amazing RPG, simply the best game I've played in years. I love it!!!!"
,Recommended,291650,17072087,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Wynand the Human,"What a great experience.  Best RPG I've played in a while, would even give it the edge over recent favorite Wasteland 2.  The combat system reminds me of DnD second edition i.e. Icewind Dale and Baldurs Gate videogames, but with major overhauls to make the game more fluid.  The story is excellent with a fully fleshed out part of the in-game world to work with and game-spanning companion side quests to work on.  The voice acting is especially good and brings many of the scripted companions to life.Most innovative about the combat system is the breakup of ""Endurance"" and ""Health"" which makes it ok for a few of your team to go down in a big fight and not have to blow huge spells or trudge back to a temple to heal them.  Most of the classes feel distinct and useful (especially paladin, best class in the game imo), and it pays to have a diverse party.  The biggest criticism I would put to the combat is that most encounters don't require strategy beyond ""put tanks in front"", especially on the normal difficulty.  Fights against (most) bosses and sometimes ghosts require more strategy, however, and were my favorite fights of the game.All in all I would definitely reccomend this game and look forward to the upcoming expansion. 9/10"
76561198040101979,Recommended,291650,17072734,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Coral,"Very in-depth combat, I'm ~50 hours in and I'm at the beginning of act II (of four, i believe). Character's are all interesting and the classes are very diverse. Very good RPG, would recommend."
,Recommended,291650,17085401,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,bthaiholla,its like lord of the rings but except everyone dies
,Recommended,291650,17085792,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Sam,"I am only but a few hours in, but I am completely blown away. It has been years, decades, since I have played an rpg where so much thought has been put into details often disregarding things, like npcs or side quests. This is probably the most brilliant rpg you are going to find this side of Baldurs Gate 2. If you have a functioning pc that meets the requirements, then this game is mandatory."
76561197983080444,Recommended,291650,17085801,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Roscoe,"This game is absolutely amazing. If you're looking for something to really immerse yourself in and enjoy RPGs, this game could be for you. Oblivion definitely hit the mark with a good balance between challenging, strategic combat and a world with a captive story."
76561198050927097,Recommended,291650,17230206,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,saltyregwin,"A fun 3rd person rpg, with good character controls and interesting abilities, great storyline, immersive world and setting.  It borrows very heavily from Bungie's Myth series of games from the 90's but that's a good thing. I played 144 hours total and felt like I got my money's worth but I definitely finished the game hungering for more adventures, higher levels, and additional places to explore.  The only negative thing to say about the game was the number and duration of loading screens."
,Recommended,291650,17004278,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Aaruman,"Personally not as fun and memorable as Neverwinter Nights, but still a good game overall, with well balanced gameplay, some difficult but rewarding steam achievements, well-written story and meaningful side quests.Played the game as a solo character which was difficult put possible with various tactcs. 7/10"
76561197987210648,Recommended,291650,17062055,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Chainsaw,"Believe it or not, this is actually the second review for this game i have written, but the first didnt save or upload, so i had to re-write. this is why i am just putting a short one rather than the rather longer, more excited review i initially tried to post.Good points,Solid story, likeable characters, pretty (and yes deliberately and authentically dated graphics; criticizing them would be like going to a load of medieval re-enactment enthusiasts and telling them they would move faster with kevlar and trainers, it wouldnt be appropriate.) Game size is good, as is the feeling of being able to wander around and smell the flowers.Bad points,Occasional bugs; ranger companion lay down and never got up, proceeeding around in a prone position for the rest of the session; During a spectacular battle with a huge dragon, said beast and all his minions decided to ignore my attack or that of my summoned monsters, making the fight pointless.I feel that the game play doesnt have the long playability that some other games have. When you get to about level 10, and have achieved around level 7 on the od nua dungeon, you kind of feel that the ride is too smooth and that a sharp poke in the lerning curve is needed. You sort out a neat little battle plan, and it works. every time. this is not how it should be. Gone are the days of Icewind Dale, getting to the end of a fight by the skin of your teeth and with one character left.I have not had to go hunting minor beasties for that one key level that would give me an advantage in a fight like i would in baldurs gate.Some sort of High level skills and more high level monsters would be appreciated. I played thus far with a full party, but now i want to tail off to maybe a couple but i am not confident that my tank character is sufficiently awesome (as the paladin i adventured as in neverwinter nights) to do this. The sort of high level skills could be like in dragon age... the sweep of a double handed weapon (which is present, but is a low level skill) could be made awesome, and deal damage to all around the character.Its a blast from the past. If you didnt experience the games it is saluting, you may not appreciate it at all. If you did experience them, you will find yourself loving this game, but realising that this is a new generation.If baldurs gate was the RPG king, then the king is dead, long live the king. The sucessor is different, but still glorious, in his own way.the music may get repetitive, especially during prolonged action sequences.8/10 ish"
76561198030752449,Recommended,291650,17071161,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,mcase19,"oh my god this might literally be my favorite game, 133 hours and I feel like I've only scratched the surface. never stops being fun, challenging, and interesting. highly HIGHLY recommended."
,Recommended,291650,17015461,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,yamchaa,"This game is incredible. Bring back all the good things Baldurs Gate series brought to us a long time ago, together with a very good story driven experience and some new mechanics. Had a lot of fun in every single quest i did in this game. Please bring us the expansion NOW!"
76561197978568328,Recommended,291650,17018022,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,im_l84wrk,"Its good.  Not excellent, but good, very good.  To be fair, it probably had no real chance of living up to its hype, but its a nice throwback to 90s era cRPGs.  The story is a bit convoluted and trips upon itself, but its still refreshing compared to desperate attempts to ""influence"" games with ""choices"".This is not to say choices don't affect the ending-mostly with small bits here and there with the side quests, but the story, in general, proceeds the same.The resoultions do tend to be a bit of a downer most of the time.  Maybe I can find something happier on another playthrough."
,Recommended,291650,17018421,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Noxid,Great RPG straight out of the glory days of the PC RPG.  It borrows heavily from the Baldur's Gate series and the Infinity Engine.
76561198056778765,Recommended,291650,17018726,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,BlackMagickMarker,"This is the best follow up to Baldur's Gate I have ever played, and I've played them all. The story is engrossing, the npc voice acting is really spot on, and the story isn't over bearing - in fact it is tactfully free of story pressure, while engaging you in the many wonderful aspects of the game: fort management, dungeon crawling, experience scaled encounters, non-experience scaled encounters, character creation, map exploration - and the game play is fun. The combat system isn't too tough or too easy, and the difficulty choices make sense and work wonderfully. 6/5 stars"
,Recommended,291650,17019935,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,eliasvernieri,"Excelent story, exactly what they intended to do.the only thing they whent wrong is the stronghold."
76561198037643780,Recommended,291650,17017078,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,ccnn24,yes yes yes.....buy the damn thing alreadyEdit: forgot to add -- big head mode FTFW
76561197963193972,Recommended,291650,17020536,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,GMAN!,this game is the best!!!
,Recommended,291650,17497211,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Easy D,"Game gets too much nostalgia-drunk idiots reviewing it. This is a well-realized CRPG with a decent amount of character customization and development. It's not exactly the successor to the BG series, at least as far as the writing goes. But it plays like one. Long-story-short: there's a lot of reading, but not a whole lot of influencing. Lore seems to be limited to the journal, while the world is just ""there"" with you in it. It feels very hollow and lifeless. The effort is appreciated though, reading ABOUT things in the world is almost a fair susbstitute for seeing them in action around me as I play.The opportunities missed with the Watcher concept were vast and disappointing. Most of your abilities in that regard are tied exclusively to main story development, and random Kickstarter-backed NPCs with irrelevant short stories to share. Some of the side quests did have enjoyable conclusions, but overall I found myself at the end of the main story before I even had time to enjoy what I was doing. Traveling back and forth to my fort (which takes up to weeks of in-game time) for anything but exploring the dungeon beneath it, felt like a chore rather than a rewarding experience.Overall PoE is a good buy if you're looking for an RPG with a classic feel. Just don't expect a very rich, lived-in world or one that is affected by your decisions apart from simply deciding to participate."
,Recommended,291650,17499803,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Klord68,"Great game that does justice to its spiritual forefathers....   So many games that were great like this one in the past, ala Baldur's Gate, for one, and many others i have forgotten but still remember some of the encounters of.   If your a fan of the classic CRPG genre , then you will love this, its a must have for any collector/lover of these games.  2 e-thumbs up."
,Recommended,291650,20216785,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,GamingAsArt,"Pillars of Eternity is a true modern CRPG. It can be viewed as a spiritual successor to Baldur's Gate & Co., but it stands on its own as a great game.The fantasy world Obsidian created is rich and, while it does have standard fantasy elements (elves, magic etc.), it is different enough to feel worth exploring. The story, which draws upon the mythology of this new world, is interesting and raises some fascinating issues, particularly towards the end. This brings me to a personal criticism: I would have liked a greater focus on these issues earlier on. Aside from the story, the game mechanics are solid and enjoyable and the graphics are absolutely beautiful.Pillars of Eternity is a great game and it's fantastic to see this sub-genre revived among the more and more action-focused RPGs we are getting lately."
,Recommended,291650,20185379,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Gaming A cookiE,"Baldur's Gate was a series I fell in love with.  I didn't play it until Bad Dog remastered it but I still hold it as one of the best RPGs out there.  With that said, this game is BETTER than Baldur's Gate.  It plays a lot like BG but with upgraded EVERYTHING!  Better casting, better character options, more content, there is so much you can do in this game, it is crazy! Basically, what I am trying to get to is, if you like Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, Dragon Age Origins, the Avernum Series, or any other game like that, get this game, you will not regret it."
76561198005510978,Recommended,291650,20192190,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,[OP]andnico,"Had a friend ask me about this recently so I wanted to post a review here. In short, a spiritual sucessor to the Baldur's Gate series, one of the great game series of all time. Character creation is extremely deep. The story is trippier than you'd expect and though there's a bit of catch up to do with all the lore you get, once you're into the mythos its very satisfying. Overall one of my top games of 2015 easily and if you're looking for an RPG with a compelling story Obsidian games are never a bad choice."
76561197996785160,Recommended,291650,20170619,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,CoachAub,"Enjoying this game very much.  Reminds me of the old-style RPG, more like the pen n paper days of D&D.    As you meet NPCs, you can enlarge your party of adventurers.  As they level up, you can choose their attributes, skills, etc. to modify.  The story is excellent.   Sound effects, music,  and character voice acting is great.   Folks compare it to Divinity Original Sin, of which I also play.  I'd choose this one over the other.   PoE has more of a story, more depth to characters.  I like the ability to give each party member specific combat instructions, etc.   Combat is a bit slower due to this when compared to D:OS.  Graphics are above average for a game in this class.   If you've been looking for a fantasy RPG game with more story and you enjoy reading and interacting with other game characters (NPCs) via multiple choice dialogues, then this is the game for you.   I finished act one and am loving it.  :)"
76561197969058285,Recommended,291650,20167139,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,[BX] TheArchDragon,"Amazing. If you enjoyed baldur's gate, or similar games, this is for you."
76561197987733274,Recommended,291650,20161861,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,alexsamuraiuuu,"Writing this review with just a bit of game time but I am quite certain that Pillars of Eternity will carve its place as a cult hit worthy to be amongst giants like Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale. There is so much care put into this game, every panned frame on the screen is a work of art and the combat stays true to pure D&D elements. Absolutely love it already and cannot wait to slowly and meticulously unravel the story that is to be told. Buy this game if you are a fan of the afforementioned RPGs, you will not be dissapointed."
76561198153038423,Recommended,291650,20059804,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,seffy2002,"This is my first CRPG and let me tell you, I was not dissapinted. It can be challenging and unforgiving at times but that's why people invented quicksave. Fun and a very engaging storyline, there is no doubt that I would recommend this game to a friend."
,Recommended,291650,20040726,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Malus,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Recommended,291650,21524510,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,>ᵔᴥᵔ<,"Great story, really fun so far."
76561198044762856,Recommended,291650,15498032,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Tim the Enchanter,"*Edit*I can now play crash free, and it is a much better experience!Fantastic storyline that would be so incredibly engaging if the game didn't crash so often, not allowing me into some areas at all. Over 6 days I have had 88 crashes.  I regret having bought it now rather than waiting for it to be a Steam deal later on when there is a chance it is no longer a beta version.The mechanics are an amazing change from a old school DnD'er... endurance vs health, DR, spell system, classes, are all well done, intuitive, and make for a more strategic as well as fun encounter system.The storyline, backgrounds, NPCs and music are all top notch as well.The only thing that isn't great is the coding and memory usage... but until they fix those, its a thumbs down."
,Recommended,291650,22106209,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Gregory Berrycone,Lekker spelletjes spelen
76561198281272224,Recommended,291650,22133931,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,WolvenX,Amazing Game! One of the main reason i came back to pc gaming.
,Recommended,291650,22206508,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,LeberMac,"Wonderful fantasy RPG game from Obsidian. Storyline is great, voice acting is outstanding when it's used. Weeks worth of content. Thoughtful & deep, rich & purposeful, well-written script: Content is king. Definitely a worthy successor of the Baldur's Gate and Icewind Date series.  Can't recommend highly enough 10/10."
,Recommended,291650,22232866,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Bipolar Sloth,"Pillars of Eternity is a wonderful game, it can be very unforgiving at the start, but once you get the handle of it, you are hooked to the end.Graphics: The game art is gorgeous, locations are very detailed and varied, character models could be better but they do their job.Combat: I recommend to read everything if you are not familiarized with these kind of RPG's, combat can be very challenging and it has a fair amount of depht which would be overwelming for newcomers, even easy mode can prove very difficult for new players, now to the point, this not a turn based rpg but it almost is, as you should and will have to pause everytime to micromanage your party, otherwise you will be dead in a minute, it takes time to understand the mechanics but once you get the idea it can be very rewarding.Argument: i will not dive into details here, i'll just say that the game delivers, it keep's you interested all the time, you decisions mean something and dialogs are smartly written, characters are interesting and very unique, you will find yourself attached to them.Performance: Probably the only negative point, in my Rig (4790K AT 4.6GHZ, gtx 980 and 16GB of Ram) the game ran pretty poorly, in some areas the framerate drops to the 40's which is unacceptable for a game that is not and shouldn't be very demanding, i noticed some stutters every now and then which were very annoying to see, i'm sure the game was optimized for lower end computers and thats why a beastly GPU like a 980 cannot hold at least 60 fps in a game like this.Music: The game has some wonderful tunes, the music never felt off, i really liked the whole OST.Conclusion: PoE is one of the best RPG's i have played recently and probably would be in my top 20 of all time, i would love to see what Obsidian can do with a bigger budget, PoE proves that Isometric classic RPG's are far from dead, games like PoE are the revival of a genre that has been casualized and consolized to the extreme."
76561198145753436,Recommended,291650,22187500,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Ixidor4188,"I have played all the Baldur's Gates and Icewind Dale games when they originally came out and this is the first title since those that gave me the same old school D&D vibe. If you liked those type of games you will like Pillars of Eternity.Some quick pros:- Customization of characters is quite nice.- Magic actually feels and looks powerful.Few cons- Some characters and quests were quite dull and ended up just rushing through them to get them over with.- Game was a bit short, although replaying as different classes/characters will help that.Overall I recommend this game 100% to any Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale fans."
76561198067541649,Recommended,291650,22219946,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,zackburg,Great game. Has a few problems but overall a great experience!
,Recommended,291650,22225884,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,:3,"Easily one of the greatest RPGs ever.If you're looking for difficult combat, a beautiful and fully realistic world, and an impeccable storyline,this is the game for you."
76561198201814841,Recommended,291650,30379663,Posted: 7 March,all,Achantion,A throwback to the infinity engine games that was severely needed.
,Recommended,291650,22255939,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Reed,"A terrific entry into party-based RPGs. Quality of life improvements when it comes to UI and mechanic transparency, as well as beautiful graphics and animation made for a modern machine, make it hard to go back to even the updated editions of the Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale games. The story and setting really began to resonate with me upon a second playthrough after the lore seeming overwhelming to start. The White March expansion is fantastic as well, adding extra levels and powerful high level abilities and items to go along with its intriguing story.My one major complaint would be that the frame rate is unstable and load times can be long."
76561198116262352,Recommended,291650,22252484,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Deathjester,"After Playing this game for 200 + Hours i have finally completed it.This game is big, very big, bigger than Baldur's gate, and a worthy spiritual successor for it.It has a nice amount of role playing features in it, and the combat is fast and tactical.The story is original and very good.Now that being said there were a few cons in this game, mainly the armor, at times the armor would all look more or less generic, and i had trouble finding helmets that fit my main character's personality. It's nothing major, but dying armor pieces was something that i had hoped.The small sidestory involving caed nua and fighting an army was really nice, and i had hoped to see more of something like that.8/10"
76561198283470106,Recommended,291650,21669707,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,mwesthoff,"As you can see, I've spent a lot of hours playing.  I enjoyed figuring out the game mechanics and started the game over several times in the process thinking I might give the Path of the Damned a go later on.  The game is a good dungeon crawler, but it could do without the cluttered storyline.  I doubt I finish the game or venture into the White March I or II,  I found myself towards the end, saying blah blah blah balh, as I was clicking through the books on books of dialog that only had voice acting if you picked certain choices.  The dialog and load screens wore my♥♥♥♥♥ slick towards the end.  Chill the f-out on the 23 load screens to finsh one boring part of the main quest by going back and forth through town and houses that have a second or third load screen just to go up a  damn staircase.  Common sense should dictate that players are not going to enjoy talking to someone the 5th, the 6th or even the 2nd time if there are 4 load screens per entering and exiting the house the character lives in.  What a pisser when a game starts out strong then drags your♥♥♥♥♥through several miles of mediocrity that makes you wish it would all just be over with.   If you are craving a dungeon crawler, by all means play it, but be forewarned that the dialog and unessesary load screens will wear your♥♥♥♥♥slick."
76561197970521002,Recommended,291650,21759708,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,omniceribrus,"Did you fall in love with Baldur's Gate a long time ago and wish that they made a Baldur's Gate 3? Well stop reading right now and play this game, it is the sequel to Baldur's Gate in everything but name.Sure it doesn't have the official D&D monsters and spells, but what it does have is every bit as inventive and interesting. Oh, and the story and characters are full of details and life.For everyone else - if you are tired of game developers thinking that the only thing their games need is more ""Call Of Duty"", and if you appreciate strategy, story and environment over mindless action, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,291650,21481688,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,MadPCP,nice
,Recommended,291650,21569331,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,EXalteD_ChaoS,"Feel like reading a book, but want to control how the heroics go down? This is the game for you. Fulfill whatever role you want, and progress through the beautifully written story whichever way you so deem fitting for yourself. Not a game for those who can't read or are illiterate. It's not an action packed hack and slash like your average type of game would be, so if you're a generic individual don't bother this isn't for you. If you feel games have been lacking some depth lately, no solid rich stories to engulf yourself in, then you may find this a refreshing change of pace."
76561198129227013,Recommended,291650,21471014,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,KGB3317,"One of the best purchases I have ever made on Steam. Deep content, great writing, killer animation and graphics, beautiful world to get lost in, ""realistic"" difficulties, and the always-classic sword-on-fire all combine into a must-buy and must-play game."
76561197972348246,Recommended,291650,21577574,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Vancent,"A great RPG in the style of Obsidian and Bioware's older classics. Original, deep, yet familiar mechanics intertwined with an original setting.I did find it could drag on a bit though.8.5/10"
,Recommended,291650,21576301,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,I Am The Smitty,"15 Hour Review: 9.0 / 10If you are a fan of the old Baldur's Gate series or Icewind Dale, you shouldn't hesitate to purchase this game.  It is on sale enough that you can wait to avoid paying full price.  I have just scratched the surface of the game at the point of the review, and I am just as captivated by it as I was with any of the BG games."
76561198006022055,Recommended,291650,21558283,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,ToughLuck,A true FTP game well worth checking out.
76561197998567573,Recommended,291650,21538397,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,insanelyironic2005,"Totally immersive. Baldurs meets action of Icewind. Character customization could be better, but all in all the experience is amazing. Absolutely love this game."
,Recommended,291650,21533126,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,seracath13,A amazingly fun game even for new players
,Recommended,291650,21548971,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Shame Sauce,Fantastic RPG.  Just don't try to fight Oernos in Galawain's Maw at level 5.  It hasn't been going well.
76561197986641007,Recommended,291650,21677975,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,nosmaclear,"-A good game. My original worries have proven to be no problem. I'm guessing much has been addressed since early reviews. I was concerned that the technology was old and clunky; it's actually a modern version make to look like an older style. I was concerned that character development decisions didn't matter; hasn't proven to be a problem. I was also worried that the player character AI required constant management; that's been addressed.-My only problems were the following. First, there *is* quite a lot of reading for a modern game. If I'm not in the mood for it, I play a different game that day. Second--and the one issue that actually bothers me--is that you'll find yourself making decisions without any context to guide you. I'm trying to avoid spoilers, so this might not make sense. It's very frustrating to be drawn into conversations that the writers intentionally made cryptic, and forced to make choices. My reaction has been to ignore reading all the associated text (I never remember context-free names and events anyway) and just make random decisions. If I'm ever required to recall any of that gibberish, I'll lower my opinion of the game significantly."
,Recommended,291650,21649010,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,KTPNNCWBY,"Patch 3.0 and Story Time let me play the game hassle-free and allowed me to do away with all the excessively overcomplicated systems that I feel didn't do much for the game's enjoyment (Mage grimoires jfc). That still didn't help with all the reading and dialogue though, especially the last part and ending, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥That said, given the freedom of Story Time and my truly overpowered party of six Rangers with bears, I had a blast with my run. The game as a whole is dripping with atmosphere and lore, and you really should play it, but do it on Story Time so you don't rip your hair out mashing spacebar and queing infinitesimally irrelevant combat choices."
76561198085558316,Recommended,291650,21656632,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,lokiodinv,good
,Recommended,291650,21630632,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,ExistentialCrisis,"Did you enjoy Baldur's Gate 1/2? Icewind Dale 1/2? Enough said then, get this game."
76561197971000973,Recommended,291650,17484137,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,In_SAN3_FranK,"A true and honest squad based RPG, really fun. This game can easily be place side by side with the classic Baldur's Gate.10/10."
76561198222028188,Recommended,291650,21534383,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,BaLdUrIaN82,The best RPG I've played since Baldur's Gate 2.
76561197989259460,Recommended,291650,21525906,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Mr. Snugglehugsies,"I've raided Dungeons, slain Dragons, and eaten mushrooms with wizards. 10/10, GOTY"
,Recommended,291650,21614604,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,poopfart,"Pretty cool RPG.  You play as sole entity of the universe, specifically chosen to save the solar system.  Very good magic and combat system for an isometric videogame.  Also, it's pretty cool that they name the game after my weiner."
76561197970685985,Recommended,291650,21563302,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,ratokus,"Awesome game. If you Like D&D, Baldurs gate or RPG in general. get this now! Why are you waiting?!?"
76561197982494901,Recommended,291650,17402013,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,sundog1,Great Game....changed my review and opinion after recent patch additions...alot better!!
,Recommended,291650,17865834,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Tybekk,"If you like Baldurs Gate, Icewind Dale and Dragon Age you will enjoy this!"
,Recommended,291650,17884352,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,PsiRondo,Perfection
76561198011212276,Recommended,291650,17897499,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Flharfh,Excellent RPG in the vein of Baldur's gate - you can't go wrong here.
76561198060938223,Recommended,291650,17896423,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,sundershane1998,"great game, lots of storied depth"
76561198008019227,Not Recommended,291650,17903255,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,gyzbug,"The game has alot of recent bugs added in 2.01 from recent patches incuding not allowing accuracy to increase, skills and enchantments applied simply disapear, bugged monster damage reduction scaling to high, enemies leave combat with you and gain a free attack againt you because it thinks you left combat, broken player team AI ignoring commands and turning off all thier actions, and many other problems.The game has a great story so far but the combat and constantly loading zones ruins all chance of that in the current build and the devs are working on more AI and combat patches at this time to hopefully fix these bugs soon.  But any playtime and equipment you have so far may be lost as future patches may not be compatable with saves from older versions and I already had to restart twice and I am waiting for another patch before I try again,If this mess gets patched I'll defenitly change this from negative to positive."
,Recommended,291650,17764853,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Willexan,"Great cRPG with rich lore and story!Pro:- Meaningful player interactions with the npc and the world.- Complex and challenging combat mechanics makes it really interesting.- Beautiful world with superb environmental details.- Excellent character creation options and build paths.- The writing, oh man.What I think they can improve:- Should have more diverse auto-pause options for spell casters and melee.(Don't auto-pause after melee character use abilities, just keep attacking.)- Inconsistent text to voice acting in a single interaction breaks a little immersion.(Some dialogue options are answered with no voice.)- Companions' skills lack impact in scripted dialogues.(Let my [Lore 9] Wizard answer that arcane knowledge question.)"
76561198096234240,Recommended,291650,17802635,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,BazzO,Fantastic old school rpg
76561198146515970,Recommended,291650,17795795,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Zaxkex,"Quite frankly, I think this game is an amazing RPG that plays off of the ideal tabletop gaming strnegths but also makes vast improvements in other, such as stats. I hate dump stats, and this game makes it less likely to have a dump stat. If you want a good game, with quite a bit of replayability(atleast in my opinion), this has great value then."
76561198004369305,Recommended,291650,17802674,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Tril,Great game with an interesting story. 25 hours into the game and enjoying it.
76561198051543467,Recommended,291650,17801923,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,hell_knight,Simply a stunning game ^_^ very happy they made and got funding for this great game.
76561198063784201,Recommended,291650,15168207,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Delrin,"If you liked Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, or Planescape: Torment then do yourself a favor and buy this!"
76561197965142123,Recommended,291650,17728749,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,*Dog,"Obsidian delivers a CRPG that doesn't simply go for nostalgic appeal. Instead, it triumphs as a modern classic.Every corner of this game was crafted with love."
76561198069576118,Recommended,291650,17729304,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Jag Ere,"This game has real in depth story and I am in love with the characters who come along the adventure.  The combat micromanagment might be frustrating at first because you have to know your abliites and what you enemy has in store for you,  but once you get used to you party capablities, it so worth the reward in the end.  Please be sure to think tacticaly and try to spice it up a bit with different combo and positions.   I am really excited to see myself put a lot of work into it, and I am in the works making a new main hero to see a different story.Love the Cipher class. The design of attacking the mind or using psychic ablities is a new one for me.Dissappointing class is the Hunter.  I feel like there should be more to it and its lacking choices of being different.To all who are playing or going to play. Have fun."
76561197998142416,Recommended,291650,17749679,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Kite,"So far, so good."
,Recommended,291650,17750913,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,AkibaKing,"Hands down one of the best games I have played this year. Great writing, great gameplay mechanics, and beautiful artwork. 11/10 would play again."
76561198054240993,Recommended,291650,17650933,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,SpicyChickenDonutFries,"A great return to the RPGs of yore. Obsidian & Co. deliver big time. If you grew up with Baldurs Gate or are just discovering it, this is a must own."
,Recommended,291650,17651184,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Huu,"Mixed feelings about this game. Great gameplay and a good story, but somehow it didnt suck me in the story like for example Baldur's gate 1 & 2 or Planescape torment, like the game had a perfect body, but didint have a soul in it. Cannot explain it better. I HAD to play it through, but it didnt satisfy me fully in the end.8+/10"
76561198022964888,Recommended,291650,17711244,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Jack.D,"Good game, pretty solid, but a little too linear and restricted."
76561198116249638,Recommended,291650,17711455,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,jman2035,"I have always loved rpg games, but as soon as I saw this I knew that it was something special, if you are a fan of rpgs, fantasy games, or just find this game interesting, buy it. Trust me you wont regret it."
,Recommended,291650,30569694,Posted: 17 March,all,ZurcDarkstar,"Excellent game, I have almost 200 hours logged playing this game. I enjoy the mechanics, it's got replayability, the story is interesting. I hope that Obsidean will commit to investing in good writers in the future because that's one reason I love their games.Pro's:- Story- Mechanics- CommunityCon's:- The meta game help could be more helpful. For example, it could let me know if it notices I've saved and reloaded an inordinate number of times and have other quests I could work on. Sometimes I forget."
76561198060586973,Recommended,291650,30579673,Posted: 17 March,all,maciora,"If you played Baldur's Gate  / Icewind Dale this is their modern equivalent with almost 120+ hrs of gameplay and better graphics. With recent changes u can experiment with party composition, enchant weapons and basically have ur own RPG sandbox.Great addition to the whole game are also soul bound weapons (basically weapon that levels with its use, gaining additional bonuses and graphic effects). Additionally there is an enourmous (15 levels) bonus dungeon and bounties (several tiers) so you can chill between game events.Add some recent mods like IE MOD (adding some additional settings) and you are good to go. Game totally worth it and must have for any Baldur's Gate (or old school RPG) fan.Pros:+ Huge world, deep dungeons, nice graphics, huge selection of weapons and armor, lots of spells (several immersion wise stuff like multiple Grimoires for a mage),  , classes were recently balanced (for some classes you can even change a model just in case you dont like the default one), bounty system, story and amount of content, not for casual playersCons:- If you dont like to read you will miss the story (sometimes there is a lot of text - for me its + but some people say it may be too much)Recommended."
,Recommended,291650,18830634,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Gesualdo,"Aside from ♥♥♥♥♥♥ load screens and the occasional weirdly inconsistent boss fights, I really liked this game."
,Recommended,291650,18239145,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Jedi Mage,"Just started playing it and if you want an old school RPG this is it.  So far I'm enjoying the feel of the game. I like how they handle inventory with a stash chest.  The dialoge is good and very amusing at times.  Overall a good blast from the past.Improvements I would like to see.  thanks to Skyrim and most other RPG's I now like having having content fully voiced but it's not a deal breaker.  Not being able to rest at any abandoned fire or camp is immersion breaking, remove the camp fire if you don't want us to use it just don't restrict it cause some players might abuse resting.Looking forward to playing more of it but the camp fire thing made me just stop for awhile."
76561197979990624,Recommended,291650,15296273,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,AfkFarmForSkill,"A story, which confuses you in the beginning but intrigues the more you play. Nice RPG á la Baldur's Gate. Nice graphics. You can build an own keep, although it is only fun until it's done. Nice companions but no real rogue in the world.Best way to describe PoE is, after 70 hours of playing ""wtf, so much I thought it were just 10 hours"", time goes by if you get enchanted. This game becharms.9.4 of 10"
76561198005087593,Recommended,291650,18285501,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Superman,"From great characters to a fun new system that doesn't stray too far from D&D, this game is a MUST for fans of ANY game made with the Inifinity Engine. With over a 100 hours in, I still enjoy getting back in to start the whole thing again... of course, the DLC was a no brainer for me!"
,Recommended,291650,18285502,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Strad,"I LOVE this game.  It's an excellent mix of story and adventure and the writing is masterful.  It hearkens STRONGLY to the Neverwinter Nights games of old.  If you enjoyed those games and games like Baldur's Gate, you'll adore this game as your story and the story of this enthralling new fantasy setting slowly come together as you travel through it."
76561198117048577,Recommended,291650,18297453,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,raglandnj,Very Amazing game so far.  Maybe only 3 hours in though.  Love that it is like Baldurs Gate but with more detail and modern story.
76561198012869727,Recommended,291650,30542228,Posted: 16 March,all,Deadlokke,Just completed my first play through with both expansions. Excellent game with a great story. Takes a bit to learn the combat system and the different defenses vs the attack methods to defeat them. Over the last month or so put in around 92 hours to complete the game and look forward to coming back later down the road and completing on a higher difficulty. If you can catch it on sale I highly recommend it if you are into RPG games like Baldurs Gate etc etc.
76561198005497823,Recommended,291650,18290456,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,dickogorman,"Class game, good spells, an awful lot of reading if you want but on the whole a very good rpg."
76561197962757211,Recommended,291650,18288833,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,RIP Bob,"Pros: This game is basically Baulders Gate 2 and then some. Its not D&D but it might as well be as it follows the same type of forumla which works very well.Graphics are great for an isometric game.Little to no bugs during my experience.Being improved and given loved by its devs.Cons: Not everyone has voice acting and sometimes the voices are lost on map transitionWhile you cant go wrong building a character, the game doesnt quite emphasize how some skills are way more important than othersCounter to the above: you can now respec HOORAY"
76561198032155082,Recommended,291650,18290539,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,thomasbangjensen,THE BEST RPG EVER MADE !!A MUST GO...
76561198013622319,Recommended,291650,18302203,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,ishKiia,"It's the first Adventure like RPG I've played in a very LONG time that has re-playability with the depth it has.  I created 4 different classes, played them a good decent amount of time through the first city you finally come to and had 4 different experiences, despite the fact it has the same basic thread of storyline. I'm extremely pleased with the variety of classes and choices.  I could create the same class 4-8 times at least and come up with a different way of playing the same class.  Hats off to you guys for the detail and work you put into this.  No game is perfect in everyone's eyes but damn this is amazing for a single player game.  I will have many hours of fun with this to come... hundreds of hours I'm guessing.. or at least hoping."
,Recommended,291650,18260045,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,MeatBuckler,"Some frankly bizarre bugs do take a little of the lustre off this gem, but not enough to take it off the ""Must Play"" list for RPG fans.If you haven't played this play it.There are so many things to love about it."
,Recommended,291650,18258093,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Azathoth777,"A great throwback to classic isometric RPG games. If you like old school games like Fallout, Baldur's Gate, and Planescape: Torment or their moden descendants like Wasteland 2 and Divinity: Original Sin then I highly recommend this."
76561198050044486,Recommended,291650,18245006,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,D0rsk81,"play it, u wont regret it"
76561198016394766,Recommended,291650,18088984,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,alxpenguin,"This is the best RPG I have played in a VERY long time. Deep deep lore, great character, amazing story, fantastic combat. Seriously, whats not to like? Be warned, there is a learning curve (plenty of guides out there though) and you should be prepared to give up your life and livelyhood (I'm 44 hours in and feel I've barely scratched the surface).Ok, time to head back in! Enjoy!"
76561198124042287,Recommended,291650,18083811,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Knight Captain Otaku,"Wish it had romance like Baldurs Gate 2, otherwise pretty awesome so far."
76561197970346878,Recommended,291650,18097350,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,[EUG] PANZER VOR !,"A very cool old style RPG... maybe not enough in the ""Baldur's gate II's mood"". Combat is maybe not enough tactical and a little confusing, and some characters are maybe a little too flat, but anyway, very interesting and promising !For me, 8/10..."
76561197997975226,Recommended,291650,18338223,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,TacticalShoe,smiled from ear to ear whenever i play this game
76561198022007973,Recommended,291650,15656430,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,infinity <TOOPRO>,"Great game, but the load screens are so bad (up to a minute) and so frequent (even changing rooms or floors in a small building) that the game is not nearly as enjoyable as it could be."
76561198044373718,Recommended,291650,15406874,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,I like to move it move it,Awesome.
76561198006586187,Recommended,291650,15408752,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,sirkid,Great game.
76561198006220406,Recommended,291650,15409572,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Valerick,"This game completely captures the feeling of games like Baldurs Gate 1 and 2, Arcanum of Steamworks and Magica Obscura and Planescape. Fantastic characters, great voice acting, good world design, unique cultures, classes and spells. This is the RPG you've been wanting to get lost in again."
,Recommended,291650,16090119,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Hevanlee,"I was always a fan of the Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, Planescape: Torment, Neverwinter Nights games, and I basically grew up on them. When I read about Pillars of Eternity in the latest PC Gamer, I had to have it. Now that I've played it for a while, I remember why I always loved those older D&D games, as I've gotten sucked into this one. It's a very nice homage to those, but feels like it was meant to be played on today's computers by the original audience of those games of the past. The subject matter delves into more adult themes at times, as does the language, but hey, I'm an adult, and cursing in this genre usually makes me giggle. On normal difficulty, the gameplay is challenging at times, the hints in the journal for quests are just that, hints, and it doesn't hold your hand. I can definitely see myself playing this one through to completion, then going back through with different choices."
76561198056664029,Recommended,291650,15076244,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Gaetan_Borrette,"Truly, a gem for the fans of the western style of tactical RPGs (Ala baldur's gate). Good story, deep gameplay, beautiful score, everything is there.This is a must have for all fans of the genre, and well worth checking it out as a dropping in point.it would be nice to be able to import customized character portraits/sounds from the game's interface, though a little mumbo-jumbo allows you to do so easily."
76561197977594245,Recommended,291650,16032133,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,btsager,"About 6 hours in, a busy schedule at home and work is unfortunately limiting my time.First impressions, solid game, nice graphics, really enjoying it, brings back memories of several classics.Looking forward to the weekend, so I can put some additional hours toward the game, looking forward to it.Thumbs up in my book!  :)"
76561198016927220,Recommended,291650,16034129,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Rush101x,"Disclaimer: I've never played D&D, Baulders Gate, or Neverwind Nights. I was worried that I would find the game style / graphics off putting. So far  I'm twenty one hours in and still much more to go. Highly satisfied with the depth of the story and characters variations by choosing your path. There are still little bugs here and there with the game but nothing that has prevented me from truly enjoying my time. *** I would warn against purchasing if you intend to play with a Mac though - even on my brand new Mac the game continues to crash upon leaving zones.  (other times it runs fine). *** The game provides great immersion into it's world and allows for challenges through it's dungeon system. You will often find that the longer dungeons will require much more though, effort, and time to trial through them. It is a very rewarding system and I'm very glad that I made the purchase."
,Recommended,291650,15921748,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Sera,"4/5.Note: I am reviewing this game after only experiencing it with the v1.05 patch.Pillars of Eternity is a game that brings back classic party based top-down isometric perspective computer role-player gaming as it was during the late 1990s. If you loved the RPG classics like Planescape: Torment, Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale or their sequels, you will enjoy this game.I can say that I had a blast with it. The only real criticism I have is that I felt that the combat is a little too hard. My first playthrough was on easy (which I chose after being warned of how hard it was by a fellow reviewer) and I really struggled to keep my party alive - especially in the first half of the game. It did get a little easier (and more fun) later on, but I feel that the combat balance is still off slightly for the earlier levels. But other than that, I have no real gripes.In my opinion it's a great game! Even better if you factor in that it was a crowd-funded project. Well done to everyone involved."
76561198058888366,Recommended,291650,15813956,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,dudealmighty3,Buy it.
76561198017484149,Recommended,291650,15815187,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Ghostwulf,Icewind dale and Baulders Gate were some of my favorite games ever and this is the next best thing.
76561198001979076,Recommended,291650,15817455,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Narcoticano,"I was a huge BG fan. Played all parts of Neverwinter and always was dissapointed about bugs or bad gameplay and interfaces.Pillars of eternity does everything right. This game is simply excellent. Starting from character design over to gameplay experience, handling of items, story embedding, it seems there is no drawback at all. At least I cant find any.Played it for roughly 60 hours now and I am doing all sidequests and tasks. Currently I am not even finished with act II out of IV.I can highly recommend this game to everybody who loved the BG series, who loves RPGs and who loves to fight from strategic positions, unlock and loot, search for uniques and handle a set of 6 characters.Love it."
76561198026912876,Recommended,291650,15783980,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Ripfin,everything you can hope for and much more
76561198040646596,Recommended,291650,15786478,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Blues,"Pretty good cRPG, if you enjoyed the great classics you will enjoy this.I would have just two minor complaints:1-  ""balance"" patches that may completely break your party halfway through a run, mind you this is a single player game...2- The standard NPCs are horribly stated, so if you do your first playthrough on the hardest difficulty you have to either use horrible characters or miss on some lore by going with a full custom party."
76561198047011143,Recommended,291650,15850889,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Jesabel,"If you liked/loved the Baldur's Gate games, then you'll love this game!  Same engine, but lots of improvements. It's got a great story, great characters and challenging game play.  I just finished it and I'm a very happy camper!  =)"
76561197971070852,Recommended,291650,15844840,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Moorka,"Baldur's gate, Tales of the Sword coast, Ice wind dale (i and ii), Baldur's gate 2, Planescape torment... does anything of it sounds familiar and you liked that? Dont read further, this game is for you.Especially BG franchise. You will feel at home from the very menu screen.You havent played any of those games long time ago? You want to feel Adventure (from capital A). Great story driven RPG with lots of places to explore, lots of treasures (not loot! but treasures!) to  find, monsters to defeat (not slaughter in packs, but defeat in difficult combat)? Want to hear (or.. rather to read) stories and legends? Want to become part of it?This game is done how they rarely do it these days. Great depth, attention to details, lots and lots of work put into every aspect, while im pretty sure most wont even notice half of that effort.Every item has a description, many have stories, every character is a hero of its own, and every place has its secrets =) Add nice graphics, very challenging (if sometimes a little bit too challenging) combat, great story and dialogues.On the other hand.. if you think that Mass Effect, Dragon Age 3 and Halo are the best there is, move along. This is a delicacy who's value you wont be able to understand."
76561197964133107,Recommended,291650,15846886,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Zainredding,If Balder's Gate and the Icewind Dale games are your cup o tea then this game will be right up your alley. Give it a go.
76561198091436500,Recommended,291650,16147595,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,batangpipino,"I have played the first 30 or so hours about 3-4 times by choice. I will be sad when it ends. Very replayable. Only bad thing is that it takes so much of my day lol, and the pathing could be better. buy now, or together with the future expasion."
76561198056949458,Recommended,291650,16228141,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,daniel_rickett,if you remember games like baldur's gate and icewind dale. u should play this game as very similar gameplay but fun to play
,Recommended,291650,16233083,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Kazzumma,"In a word. Awesomesauce!PoE brings back that sorely missing old'skool solo RPG that has been missing since BG/2 and NWN, if you were a fan of those then this will be your jam.The extra pieces such as backer fed storyline for characters is an amazing touch, i definitely recomend reading through any out there you encounter."
,Recommended,291650,16914778,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Megimoo,If you like Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale then Pillars of Eternity is the game for you.
,Recommended,291650,16917234,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Tre0n,"It's absurdly good (I've played about 40 more hours than my Steam playtime, because reasons), but no guarantees you won't spend 12 hours of playtime starting countless new characters, never satisfied, until you finally run out of inspiration and give up to go play Skyrim or some other crap."
76561198117494176,Recommended,291650,16895638,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Kitiara,"First of all, I finished the game a few hours ago, and overall I'd say I liked the game while it lasted.But at the end I have rather mixed feelings, and was even thinking about making this review negative. I feel kind of...disappointed. This game could be so much better.PROS:+ interesting original concept of the world+ voice acting+ art+ music (didn't like the combat music though)+ yes, it is a lot like Baldur's Gate and I am extremely happy Obsidian released the game like thisCONS:- COMPANIONS. They don't interact with each other, what you say to them has none consequences (besides following reaction, then they forget about it), companions can't get angry at you/other companions and can't leave your party if you do something they don't like(well, they even rarely comment something on your behavior), and there is no romancing.In my humble opinion, companions play the biggest role in BG-like rpgs, I just can't imagine Baldur's Gate without Minsk or Edwin. They help the player to completely immerse in the world,  help you become the part of story. I just really hope Obsidian will not leave companions in this state in the next games. I simply don't understand how one can degrade to this after releasing NWN2 with its companion influence system, which was nicely done.- no riddles/puzzles, can't remember even one- no alignments, only reputation system that influence few events in the gameinsignificant, but still CONS:- no party AI at all- useless rogue, since everyone can use mechanics to open locks/disarm traps, and everyone can use stealth- can't buff party/drink potions/use scrolls before battle- stronghold, crafting system are meh- monster encounters aren't really well designed. I have witnessed a group of spider, ooze and spectre irrc attacking me together...And, that said I still will recommend this game to all BG/NWN fans. But I really hope Obsidian will make some improvements in the future."
76561198188026373,Recommended,291650,17410414,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,afink95,This game is amazing.
76561197964741749,Recommended,291650,17410912,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Size9ed,"Awesome game - if you loved Baldurs Gate/Icewind Dale/Planescape Torment or just like Isometric old school RPGs, this is the one for you.As much as I loved this game, here are a couple of cons:Crafting, Potions, Scrolls, Traps - Useless, I completed the game without crafting anything, without using any of the hundreds of potions and scrolls I collected and without setting a single trap.   Not really sure why they are in the game if they are such an optional thing, perhaps they are more useless in higher difficulty games.Stash - Don't understand what this is supposed to be, why can you just access it anywhere?  Would be better if you could only access your Stash when at your Stronghold and you need to ferry stuff back and forth to stock it.Stronghold - Meh?  Doesn't really add much to the game.  It's a cool novelty but I never went back there after Chapter 1 finished and I cleared the Tunnels.There are a few other things that are a bit weird, but overall fantastic game I had fun with."
76561198063186666,Recommended,291650,17412136,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,shane.jenkins2,A perfect mix of Icewind Dale & Diablo 3 with a fantastic story and some very nice detailed graphics.  I highly recommend this game!!!
,Recommended,291650,17414931,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Varok,"I played the D&D style games such as Planescape Torment, Baldur's Gate I & II, Icewind Dale, those were nice games, but now with Pillars of Eternity it blow my mind, after I saw a review of this game was a in a top 10 of 2015, I start research about this game then a week later I decided to purchase and now I am really happy for this purchase. Awesome game, gameplay, story so far is good, battles are challenging (my first time and I am playing in Path of Damned mode) the features are really good, the artwork is awesome.My overview is that this game is a masterpiece from this category of deep games, for sure I will buy the coming games for this developer."
,Recommended,291650,17417723,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,TommyWallbang,"Only played 12 hours so far but I feel like I'm about 1% through. Such a rich world that's incredibly immersive.Though I've played for 12 hours only, I did 2 major stints of about 4 hours, and that's the type of game this is. Something you need to settle into on a weekend, as an hour here and there will not be anywhere near as enjoyable.Please also note that there is A LOT of reading. A lot of characters are voice acted, but there is a tremendous amount of reading too. However, it's all well written and still has you immersed.There seem to be plenty of classes to choose from and really you can pretty much play whatever you want. Want to be a Wizard with a bow? Want to be a Rogue that uses a 2 hander? Want to be a melee Priest? From what I've seen so far, I see no reason why you can't do that.It's an indepth RPG and it's pretty difficult (I'm on normal mode). Not for the faint of heart, but a must-buy for those seeking a real RPG experience that have felt modern RPGs are lackluster.I'm not sure if I can edit reviews, but I don't doubt I'll get 100 hours out of this game."
76561198037324979,Recommended,291650,17419022,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Icemere,"Obsidian have done a brilliant job with this game, If your a fan of Baldur's gate/Neverwinter Nights and icewind dale, Then you'll love this game, Anyone familiar with the D&D ruleset, Will quickly see the familiarity with Obsidians own ruleset, This again helps make the game feel like your returning to a time which was special and for someone like me, Filled with alot of fun memories.Great job 10/10, Glad this saved the studio too, For it would have been a grand shame if Obsidian had gone under."
76561198007790946,Recommended,291650,17147110,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,harlequin.slack,A very enjoyable game with loading on the story rather than the mechanics of gameplay.Actually gameplay is simple but still can be a challenge to get the right combos required.If you loved early D&D and diablo style games this is for you.
76561198010424827,Recommended,291650,17131857,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Gooby pls,A worthy successor to old school Infinity Engine RPGs like Baldur's Gate 2 and Planescape Torment.  8/10 would recommend if you are a fan of such games.
,Recommended,291650,17132218,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,TeamPirate!,If you like games like baulders gate and icewind dale then this game is for you! I absoulty love this game there are no negative cons for me its all positive. It is also an extremly hard game.
76561198131844600,Recommended,291650,18390208,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,SoniqueXIV,such an awesome game and this has been my first time playing it and i have enjoyed every minute if you dont own this game yet you should definately get it
76561198079763453,Recommended,291650,18335240,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,jeffjohnson,Baldurs gate again yay
76561198003886526,Recommended,291650,18335713,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Defiler,"Very good game, throw back to old school DND games"
76561197971020737,Recommended,291650,17755144,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Barzenak,"If you enjoyed Baulder's Gate or Sins of Divinity here is another gem.  Party based rpg that is huge in scope and has a lot of nice refinements in gameplay.  Things that you think should of always been there.  It is not a easy walk in the park depending on your party and I know mine is missing a Fighter/ Paladin so that makes my battles difficult.  There is a ton to explore, a simple way to enchant, make potions and enhance armor and a very good story.  The sound track is alway awesome and the voice acting is very good..no cringe moments so far.  The game has an interesting story and fun combat.  One of the best new rpg's to come down the pike in a longtime.  They also just added a great new dlc with more great story and things to do.If you like ad&d and you like a great story based tbrpg- pick this up !"
,Recommended,291650,18420198,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Supreme Leader Derp,"Just buy it, you won't regret it.  Very solid interface, controls and an immersive world, what else did you need again?"
,Recommended,291650,18350726,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Technakitty,"This game brings back those old rpg feels with great narrative, solid rpg elements, and a clear storyline. I have enjoyed every minute of it so far. And i will play it more than once for sure."
76561198160323296,Recommended,291650,18352215,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,kalatharus,Loading screen time is definitely a deal breaker.
76561198031723399,Recommended,291650,16375328,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,lance135,"First Impressions:A couple hours in and only just scratched the surface of this retro-style isometric RPG. Reminds me a lot of Baldur's Gate, which I understand is the point of this game - a throwback to such D&D computer games that include Icewind Dale and Planescape.Obsidian is a well-trusted company that is known for taking a proven system and tweaking it to make it even better. For example, they developed the sequel to Knights of the Old Republic, and while the story wasn't quite as good as the first by Bioware, the gameplay made some incremental improvements that made me want to play the entire game through a few times, something I was not inspired to do with KOTOR 1.If I had to describe the game so far in one word, ""polish"" comes to mind. The graphics won't blow you away (I would say that Diablo 3 is better looking top down game), but everything was done with professional detail, what you'd expect from a top tier game company."
,Recommended,291650,16282648,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Bubbz,Yes!  If you are a fan of DnD (or even just good CRPG's I highly recommend this game.  The asking price seems steep at first but consider that this game is dozens of hours long and has lots of replayability.
76561197969232791,Recommended,291650,16393491,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Scytale,"For those us that played the Balder's Gate series the first time round, this is pure heaven. Its a classic isometric RPG, with a very D&D like system, with HD graphics."
76561197971886249,Recommended,291650,16472577,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Oltex,Provides vast improvements over the original BG combat and magic system. Classes not balanced that well but new feats/spells provide excellent tactical choices during combat and challenging gameplay. Can't wait for next expansion!
76561197976589263,Recommended,291650,16476572,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,MOSEZ__,Best game ive ever played
,Recommended,291650,16458679,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Fluorescense,"Spectacular traditional style ""computer"" rpg. The leveling system is nothing new, but has good balance amongst all of the classes available. Normal difficulty will be challenging for those who are unfamiliar with the game, or RPG's of a similar nature. Great example of a crowd sourced game with a great story line which pays great homage to its donators in the form of in game characters of which have player created stories, and ""plaques"" in various locations with player transcribed messages. Excellent buy, especially during the steam sale!"
,Recommended,291650,16459271,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Osarusan,"This is a very good game for fans of Baldur's Gate/Icewind Dale/Planescape Torment and so on. It really recaptures that nostalgic feel.It only has a couple of flaws:1) No multiplayer! This is the biggest flaw of all. The game is really fun on its own, but multiplayer is what really makes this genre fun.2) There is a LOT of text. You don't have to read it all, of course, but at times it feels way to wordy. Eyes begin to glaze over as you read paragraph after paragraph of words, rather than playing a game. The story is interesting, so you don't want to skip it... but at times I feel like I would rather experience the story that read it.Aside from those two points, though, this game is excellent and I would highly recommend it."
,Recommended,291650,16442444,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,gforsi,"If you are only a little enthusiastic about serious RPGs than Pillars of Eternity is definately a game for you. The story is one of the deepest and complexes I have ever experienced. Infact, it can be overwhelming in the first couple of hours. Throughot the game, you face critical decision makings which can be really hard, especially if you really immerged into the game/story. Overall one the best RPGs out there and a proof that community can be awesome."
76561198059764071,Recommended,291650,16445172,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ManBroGuy,"SUCH A WONDERFUL GAME. POINT BLANK10/10STORY AMAZING, SUCH WOW"
76561198109895890,Recommended,291650,16198629,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,blackfyre1984,"I really enjoyed this game. Though it is not perfect and lacked some of the things I enjoy about these kind of RPGs, it was well worth the price and a nice throwback to games like IWD and BG. If you enjoy the genre, you will enjoy this game"
76561197969557084,Recommended,291650,15706847,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Burge75,Anyone missing the days of Baldurs Gate will apreciate this game.
,Recommended,291650,15586527,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,lolipopex,"""You must gather your party before venturing forth."""
76561198007234602,Recommended,291650,15588252,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,warthogalus,"Great storyline, wonderful artwork and visuals; this game far surpassed my expectations.  I hope it resurrects the genre. Perfect for the casual gamer with an hour or two in the evenings, this game delivers a satisfying play experience with many interesting tactical combinations due the classes available and flexible talent system.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,291650,15590620,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Soviet Eraserhead,Very good
76561197982345914,Recommended,291650,15590649,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Periventricular Lesion,"Dis game so phat I put the game on a scale and it broke - haha na doh, dis♥♥♥♥♥♥tight boi!"
76561197980901748,Recommended,291650,16165427,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,jjones,"Just finished the game. I like the way this game was funded and they way it turned out. A success.  I am looking forward to more from the folks that produced this game (and so many others).What was good: the graphic style, the wonderful soundtrack(and sound in general), and the story. The companions had good back stories. Plot built to a nice conclusion. I felt involved and invested.I had no crashes at all in 70 hrs. THe endgame is very good, you could see the results of some of your decisions made during gameplay.What was not so good: I always enjoyed the opening cinematic in the infinity engine games. I did miss that in this game. But again the ending is a good show. The level cap was low. There were some problems at the beginning that hurt gameplay, but patches took care of these issues.Overall, I would highly recommend. 9 out of 10."
76561198133207614,Recommended,291650,16338843,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,pablo.pablomartin,"Great game, a modern ""old school""  RPG"
,Recommended,291650,15314787,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Sahuagin,"The engine is essentially what you might expect Baldur's Gate 3 to be like. For a die-hard infinity engine game fan, this game will be AWESOME at first, but will wane in awesomeness the more you play it. It is not as fleshed out as the other games, and the ""scope"" of the game is actually rather limited. It's worth playing and worth owning, but ultimately you probably won't think as highly of it as its predecessors."
,Recommended,291650,16270910,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,shane.kawika,True nostalgic bliss! Great job by Obsidian.
76561198082407991,Recommended,291650,16222360,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,☥ Alsamisath ☥,"An absolutely stunning achievement in both CRPG design and Kickstarter backing - some elements of the latter are a bit annoying, but can be easily avoided. At worst one might call the game ""overwritten"" - a refreshing change from the recent decline in the quality of major titles, especially the most recent Dragon Age. The world is rich, easy to navigate, and almost all elements of interaction within the game feel genuine and relevant, from the quests to the stronghold to the dialog."
76561198134524685,Recommended,291650,18334176,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,oosu,Great game.  Very reminiscent of Baulders Gate.If you enoyed those game this is suit you just fine.
76561198095698807,Recommended,291650,18334328,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Buttersgra,"Old school in the best way possible. This game is a blast to play, and honestly alot of fun. Fairly generic story-wise, but it also offers a unique world to explore, interesting characters, and characters to meet and fight alongside. Also, the soundtrack is top notch.10/10 Would recommend."
,Recommended,291650,18365546,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,TexasKoolAid,"OK I really didnt want to play this game. I wanted to play Divinity Orginal Sin (good game too). This game is so fun, its something bout it that make me want to play. The combat is kinda fun and challenging. I thought I didnt like it but after I read a guide on how to do it it was fun. I am a casual gamer, so trust me use a guide.  This way you know where to go when you get stuck but mostly so you can build a good character.  WAY more fun when I realized how the game worked.  GREAT STORY...best game so far I played this year. Not even done with Act I and its a blast."
76561198020696722,Recommended,291650,18362982,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,DingoSwan,"If you are choosing between Divinity Original Sin and Pillars of Eternity, choose this. The story is actually interesting and the side quests feel far more organic. You are encouraged to go off on your own to explore the world at you own pace. The party system also allows you to make additional characters besides your own via the hiring system, unlike Divinity that forces you to choose between a spotty group of characters. If you want an experience that feels like your own, Pillars is the place for you."
76561198058859957,Recommended,291650,18363983,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,WayToBlue,"Best non-Witcher RPG of the year. If you get nostalgic for Baldur's Gate when you see anything even remotely isometric, then this one is for you."
,Recommended,291650,18344897,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,FMG™,"Such a beautiful game. I enjoy it a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton, and have only just started.Combat is really hard tho if you're not used to these kinda games.Will write a better review when i've ended this.I love it so much :)"
,Recommended,291650,16659378,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,CBass,simply a great game. hoping for some future dlcs
,Recommended,291650,18319993,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Maximus Renegade Star Soldier,Best CRPG in a long time
76561198048245982,Recommended,291650,18331126,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,grindzilla,"Great game and i hope they continue to make more games like this,  the ONLY problem i have is the only character able to make chat challenges is the main character, even thou you could have a charismatic mutha in your party, he has to shut up and let the MC do the talking, very bad choice, as most of these games focus more on the ""party face"" rather than the ""Lead Char Face"".  Other than that one big gripe and a few minors ones, VERY fun game.  I played it again after i found a mod to change my MC's Stats so that i could do the chat challenges the way they should be done."
,Recommended,291650,18340676,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Fabzzy <3,you can have a DOG companion!!!!!!!what more can you ask for in a game?!10000% would pet again
,Recommended,291650,18344277,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Csbears,"I thought that this would be a huge game with lots of conversation options depending on your stats with many chances for your character to show off their skills.  That isnt the case at all with PoE.  The game is more focused on the combat and less about the story (Because the story makes no god damn sense and is kind of bad).  You and your party operate much like any other old school RPG games except that the game sometimes highlights points of interest.The loot doesnt feel all that interesting and the combat basically revolves around the mage clear casting the whole spell book while the tank eats the damage.  Its not new or thought provoking but more trying to appease people who played games like Fallout, Baulders Gate and Neverwinter Nights. While those are all good games to take inspiration from it just feels like there should be MORE interaction in conversations with MORE interesting loot bags so it doesnt feel like a barren wasteland with you clicking the blandest goody two shoes answer with every person you meet.6/10A very middling experience for me but with the lack of CRPGs its a good game to pick up on sale if your looking for this kind of experience i guess."
76561198066399688,Recommended,291650,18381041,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,jamiryo,"Story-wise the game is awesome. The lore is overwhelming at start but the way the story unfolds and escalates is both classy and interesting. The npcs sometimes talk too much to say something simple but hey that happens in real life too doesn't it? There were a couple of times where I wanted to tell the npc to just shut up and get to the point. (and sometimes you can say that but not always) Overall though, the lore and especially the last  2-3 hours of the story is top notch.Combat is standard infinity engine combat with the engagement mechanic. Here's the explanation for that mechanic:https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=414713755I've played on hard difficulty and the new system annoyed me a couple of times although I got used to it as I progressed. Just be ready to reload when you can't get into a good position at the beginning of a fight. At first levels you have to micromanage your party well to progress through the game at a steady rate but as you get stronger it kinda streamlines a bit. In total there were just two fights that required me to come up with a good strategy. First and the harder one is the master below and the other is the end boss (not gonna spoil who that is). One more bad thing about the combat is the loot. I hate enchanting/crafting in single player games and imo the best gear should be obtained from dungeons as that adds up to the excitement of finishing one. It just doesn't feel that rewarding when the crossbow I get after killing the adra dragon is only slightly better than the one I can enchant.Overall the game's pretty good and definitely worth your money.9/10"
76561197968119399,Recommended,291650,18452042,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Johkur,Excellent game.  My one regrest is that one day I will finish it...and then it will be over :\
76561197970547186,Recommended,291650,18443417,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,[...]Deltrex,"Really great game, having lots of fun with it.9.9/10"
76561198068439332,Recommended,291650,18447240,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Ludwig Schwarzhelm,"I cannot stress enough how good this game is, in my eyes. If you like RPG's Old or New then you will want to play this game!"
76561198058224966,Recommended,291650,19326766,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Mixed,"I bought this game because of the good reviews, and that I heard that it was ""the spiritual successor to BG"" and the infinity engine. It sort of is and it isnt at the same time. The environment, puzzles, and story feel like something out your classic DnD IE game. The gameplay has a lot of new elements that don't seem similar, and I outline the most apparent of these here.Firsr combat and fighting in this title is mostly useless. That took some getting used to. If you can stealth your way through the entire game and never fight a single monster, you could and would be almost the same level at end game. There is no xp from fights, which is hard to believe because many of the fights in this game are ridiculous hard.Then there is the engagement system. It is kind of like attacks of opportunity but I would argue that it is still different. Once something runs into range of your character, your character gets locked down and stuck and cannot move. Pretty much any character, even your tank, that tries to disengage after that will die instantly. Enemies have unlimited number of attacks of opportunity (literaly 3 or 4 from the same target in under a second is possible), and enemies seem to have a bonus to hit when you disengage. This kind of sucks, but you learn to work with it after grueling hours spent playing and learn that there are some mechanics to manipulate it (like running around targets but not disengaging).Lastly abilities synergize but at first dont seem to at all and seem clunky. Abilities at first to me seemed detached from one another. I'm not sure how exactly to explain this. It was like a group of individuals playing side by side instead of a team. As the game went on this feeling goes away as you get more abilities with more uses (and even some group oriented abilities!).My conclusion, is that if you are BG1 & BG2 fan this game will hit you in the facve hard, and you will wonder what the hell is going on for the first few hours. I hated this game for the first 10 hours I played it (I even wrote a negative review initially). I kept rerolling and starting again (Wizard -> Cipher -> Min Maxed Cipher -> Chanter) until I found something I was ok playing with. This game has definetly grown on me and I enjoy it, but it took a while to get over the new mechanics and gameplay style. Still, it is a worthy buy, and a lot of fun."
76561197999725847,Recommended,291650,19701974,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Nightwalker,"This is a very fun game, and very stable. The only bug I've found is with the voice actors volume dropping low, but, when this happened, the next dialouge the volume retunred to normal. Which is pretty impressive considering I've come accustom to game bugs these days. The lack of bugs really shows how much the game developers cared about the game.The art is fantastic for what it is. The game plays very much like a 2d game with fixed camera angels. It's a little annoying at first, but it works well. This was the way the games worked back inthe 90s, after all... but this time in much higher resolution.The story is rich and sucks you in. Although there are some scenes that are written out rather than shown in mini-cut scenes, it still works. The focus here was on the story, which is very refreshing to see.  The voice acting, where it's present, is great. The little conversations between your party members is humorous as well.The crafting element I didn't find too interesting, but it works. The stronghold mini-games are good too.My only cavet is, apparently the game ends after the main quest is completed (I'm yet to finish the game). I *really* hate that in open world RPGs... espeically ones offering expansions.But overall, a great game. And for you Linux games, it's awesome."
76561198002070298,Recommended,291650,19727666,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,SaMoKo,"A reimagining of the classic isometric cRPGs with an improved combat system and more meaningful character and party build choices.  And with level and enemy design designed to punish, abusing and maximizing the system is not only fun but almost required.  A great remix of classic dungeon crawling strategy."
76561198041577387,Recommended,291650,19677781,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,LiYuki,This game raises the bar.
,Recommended,291650,19686120,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,mrskippy,"A brilliant, tightly constructed RPG which follows the traditional paths while simultaneously bucking modern convention.  No longer are all humans merely the ""average, decent at everything"" race.  No longer are you allowed to do whatever you want to whomever you want with little consequence.  No longer do you need to suffer the gruff war vet who has nothing but angst."
76561198106159837,Recommended,291650,19977380,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,eccentric,gud.
,Recommended,291650,20007898,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,MeerkatofDoom,"Very good game. Writing is the best part, keeping me wanting to explore and move forward to find out whats going on. Combat is fun and challenging."
,Recommended,291650,20008826,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,EndlessShark1,This game is utterly enthralling! Obsidian out did themselves!
,Recommended,291650,20035950,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,SezzoR,Great game with deep story and good music plus voice acting.A true follower to the DnD games like Baldurs Gate.
,Recommended,291650,15175834,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Cokomantis,"GotYYep.The only downside of this game is that it doesn't take place in the now-very-well-knowndnd ruleset+fr settingscene, so the whole setting/world/lore is original. Therefore there is tons to learn (read: read).But the game turns its weakness into a giant oppurtunity within the first 2 or 3 hours: Once you realize this whole thing is put togather from scratch, you begin to appreciate the fine details and the enormous amounts of work put into this masterpiece."
76561198061352297,Recommended,291650,19938570,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Lord Aeducan,It has Paladin as a class.
76561198032616362,Recommended,291650,19944012,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,MR X,"You Like Baldur's Gate, you will like this."
,Recommended,291650,20002751,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Axies the Collector,"Love this game, feels like im playing a campain of dnd. Definitly a worthy seccessor to baldur's gate."
76561198003691422,Recommended,291650,19880517,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Wohden,"A good spiritual successor to Baldur's Gate series, even if not as memorable."
,Recommended,291650,19889668,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Sammy,This is a great game. Real old school RPG. If you liked/loved Baldur's gate then you will love this game.
76561198052582142,Recommended,291650,19889688,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Sheaden,"Awesome Game! Great story. The closest experience to the old Baldur's Gate games you'll find in the last several years. They do use their own role-playing system but it is surprisingly well designed. They do an excellent job and really make the decisions you make feel consequential be it in character development or in dialogue options. If you like classic RPG games this is an absolute must own!Forget the nitpicky reviews which are few and far between, this game is a modern marvel based on pure classical nostalgia.10/10 they nailed it."
76561197998809733,Recommended,291650,19885821,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Nova_Era,"By far one of the best Baldurs Gate like games I have played since...well, Baldurs Gate 2!Great story, wonderful characters, cool weapons and armor. My only gripe is the spell system, as you level you get a few new spells, but mainly just stronger versions of old spells, instead of new spells and your older spells getting stronger as you level.Other than that small gripe this game is well worth the money if your up for an epic adventure!"
76561198017334901,Recommended,291650,19887070,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Casca Ruffius,nicely put together quests and great rpg system
76561198015112472,Recommended,291650,20032401,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Denny Magic,I very much enjoyed the stroyline of Pillars and would recommend to any RPG fans
,Recommended,291650,18057241,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Spacelord Pajamas,"Really a fantastic call back to the good ole games of yore from Black Isle.  Pillars of Eternity takes some time to really get going, but as soon as it does, it gets good.  I found some of the classes to be needlessly complex, or sort of superfluous to the basic ""core"" of fantasy games.  Some of the classes work better as a story-telling concept rather than as something that is actually playable.  However, it has it's own spin on the classic model which is compelling.The updated AI components work really awesomely, and each battle is an intense opportunity.  Combat feels meaty, and worthwhile."
76561198030732224,Recommended,291650,18069481,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Doomvoid,It's no Baldur's Gate or Icewind Dale... but it'll do.
76561198048512816,Recommended,291650,18527686,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Bliss,"oh spidy i'm sorry just forgot you in the room ... oh hi, how u can open that door.10/10"
76561197966274313,Recommended,291650,18528991,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,GeQ,This game makes me feel 10 years younger when I played Baldur's Gate I & II during summer breaks. Too bad this game is so short. I want Pillars II where I can learn and cast 9th Level spells plz.
,Recommended,291650,18521009,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Mauru,"Pillars of Eternity is a throw-back to the golden days of isometric RPGs ala Icewind Dale and Baldur's Gate, though it ditches the D&D ruleset and setting for its own fresh universe.I found the storyline a bit lacking tbh, (not for lack of good writing mind you - it's more like they tried TOO hard) and some components like the shop system and the player-owned keep feel like they could have used an extra-layer of polish, but the realtime-pausable combat system is solid and the variety of availiable classes and skills to develop your party with will make the experience worthy of a second playthrough even after the lengthy campaign reaches its conclusion."
76561198012853445,Recommended,291650,18490482,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,kyle.schirmer,"This is the most fun I have had in an Iso since Neverwinter Nights came out in 2002.  A note to people who research class builds: most of them are out of date due to changes in the game.  Watch the date and if they are before Oct 2015 they may be invalid.I think this game has the perfect balance between quest journal hand holding and openess of needing to actually READ the quest text and figure out what to do next on your own. I was never completely lost on what to do next but there were a lot of head scratching moments where I had to actually think.Much like D&D you need a rogue (or at least train your mechanics up) or traps will kill you, and kill you a lot."
,Recommended,291650,18550942,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Windfs ( ͡O ͜ʖ ͡O),Sort of like a modern day Baldur's Gate 2.
76561198054709107,Recommended,291650,18541330,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Smelgafeld,"Solid game, flawed to be sure but if your not a butthurt autist its worth a play if you enjoyed IE games. Edit: finished it while ""sailing the seas"" but purchased to support so dont judge my played time :D"
76561198071204494,Recommended,291650,18534500,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,poimoiyoi,"captures the essence of the old school rpg mantra; to create a role palying experience. more about the story and immersion than simple numbers and stats, pillars offers a trip back to the time of role playing and not the so called ""min/max"" spreadsheet gaming. there are still aspects of gear, stats, spells, and strategic positioning / casting but that aspect does not overwhelm the idea of storytelling and becoming part of that story like so many modern games tend to overlook. if you are looking to beat a game simply by gear and numbers look elsewhere; this is about story, immersion, and class (think old school table top gaming)."
76561198079338448,Recommended,291650,18692356,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Nomin,"An amazing game with huge potential for replayability. You have an immense amount of options to customize your character, and the story.I am still in act 2 and have playedd for 50 hours. I love it!Companions give you the option to play different classes, but the story itself as a lot of solutions and you probably have to complete the game three times before you have seen everything.I strongly recommend this game and it is worth doble it's price."
,Recommended,291650,18660567,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Pirate GDBLiam,great game for rpg funs
76561198063905622,Recommended,291650,18692531,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Mr_Sneakyman,"PoE is really good folks. The more I learn about how the characters are supposed to be played the more fun it becomes. I'm really picky when it comes to games - many games I've ditched. This one sat in my library for two months before I touched it. Now that I'm beginning to understand it, it's turning out to be a really great game.Wish list: Dwarf voices that don't sound like American yuppies.Other than that, I'm totally loving it."
76561197995866222,Recommended,291650,18491137,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,jahill007,Good old school game with challenge at higher difficulties.
,Recommended,291650,15658380,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,∙ÑüX°,♥♥♥♥ing ... dope.... if you like crpgs and old school♥♥♥♥♥♥like gathering your party before venturing forth.
,Recommended,291650,15650526,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,kleznbeni,"loved this one, great fun."
76561197993288786,Recommended,291650,15642209,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Invest,The game may be awesome and very well done but I am just bored by it at the beginning. Let's see if I'll ever get the curve. I still recommend it. I guess it is like divinity the longer you play it the better it is.
,Recommended,291650,15653170,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,paralistalon,"Amazing point/click RPG with a lot of depth while also being beginner friendly.  I played on the Path of the Damned difficulty, and I recommend it only for people who can stomach intense micromanagment and have a high frustration tolerance, lol. The story has been done before in different forms, but these guys did it right.  It will string you along for quite a while before you get definitive answers, however, which was a little annoying.  You do have to be patient with some quest-breaking bugs that are possible.  In the end, my biggest complaint comes down to load times.  I know, such a petty thing to complain about, but you will find that some very simple tasks, like going from an NPC on one side of town to the other and back can take about 10 minutes due simply to having to wade through a ton of loading screens for each and every transition (going inside house- loading..., going upstairs- loading..., going back downstairs- loading..., going outside again-loading..., etc.)."
76561198032408681,Recommended,291650,15637871,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Jalrash,For peolpe who love stories aside of the normal black and white fantasy and who don't mind reading ;)
76561198052404717,Recommended,291650,15522317,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Slay,"For fans of the classic isometric RPG's of the late 90's and early 2000's, you will not be sorry you bought this game. I've been waiting eagerly for this game since I saw the Kickstarter page the day it launched, and believe me when I say this game is worth of all the hype it has received by both super fans and the media. This game immediately takes you back to the great classics like Baldur's Gate 2, Planescape Torment, and Icewind Dale and is easily just as good as any of those games.The game's environments are beautiful specially considering the developers are using the original Infinity engine which though is updated was created in the mid 90's. The story isn't ground breaking as far these types of games go but it is very good and has a good balance between keeping the story moving and giving the player tons of interesting and fun side quests that don't ever feel tedious.The character creation is everything an rpg fan could hope for, giving you hundreds of combinations to make your ideal characters in several very different classes.Any real RPG fan would be making a huge mistake by passing on this game. I highly recommend everyone who enjoys well made games give this a shot at some point you won't regret it."
76561198030816697,Recommended,291650,15523044,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,jasonwolfe666,"I recomend this game to any baulders gate or ice wind dale fan. I absolutly love this game. Brings back everything i loved about those games. Exept its even better, befinatly play this game. Hope they make another"
76561198034399200,Recommended,291650,15534278,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,nidxv,"The best game I have played in quite a while. To me, it is essentially a fresh, better written BG1. Except the combat system, which simply feels like the best I have ever had the joy of playing with."
76561198043186647,Recommended,291650,15537306,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Vidicus,The best of old school RPGs made modern.  Excellent game and a must own for any true RPG fan.
76561198051138748,Recommended,291650,15513887,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Ordellus,"Buy it.I spent the first 5 hours thinking it was 20 minute, forgetting that I wasn't playing D&D.I WILL be buying the next game."
76561198020621405,Recommended,291650,15514684,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,V3NOM,Loved it.
,Recommended,291650,15515533,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Monogato,"A total trip down memory laneProsEndless inventory (Its about time)Nice range of character classesNice crafting systemNice to have your own StrongholdNice price for tons of contentSound/Music is awesomeConsCould a few more options on character visual optionsGraphics are averageTo much text.To much irrelevant informationNeeds more interface instructionsCould be a few more things to do in your Stronghold (Like having a War/Seige)I wanna pet monkeySummaryBest RPG out there atm,with a few tweaks could be legendary."
,Recommended,291650,15520172,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,K.Ang,Hand-drawn graphics? Check. Must gather your party before venturing forth? Check. Can kill everyone you come into contact with and eat mushrooms? Check.Better than Real Life 11/10
76561198044026880,Recommended,291650,15369809,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Just some Tits,"Really awesome game, has nice combat but where it shines is its story and depth.The game has a very, VERY deep lore and it's begging you to devle into it and experience all that it has to show you.Only issue that stands is the need for more patches. It crashes here and there, as well as having some bugs.But once this game is polished, I can see it being GOTY material for sure.TEN OUTTA TEN, FIVE STAHS, 1/1 SPACE HAMSTERS"
,Recommended,291650,15370229,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Sirontoes,Don't get stuck in the Endless Dungeon underneath the keep.Otherwise outstanding.
76561197973652033,Recommended,291650,15391117,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,booga10,Have stuck a few hours in to this game and enjoying it. Only time will tell if it keeps my interest....
,Recommended,291650,20499199,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,doodles613,"While it does not live up to BG2, I think this a great game overall.  I would like to see some fixes, like more balanced classes.  Some classes are just way more powerful then others.  I would also like to see a value in haveing a diverse party, instade of just easily having a min/max build with all wizards bursting down enemies as soon as the fight starts.  This would mean things like giving some classes more skill points then others, or locking the skill trees, or more extra feats, even restrictions on some weapons and armor.  I think it's awsome that you get a keep, and that the keep is not broken in giving you crap tons of money, however money is way too avalible in the game.  Halfway through I have over 50,000 gold and a fully upgraded keep, and everyone has all legenday items equipped as their primary/secondary weapons, as well as their armor.  Another big thing I think the game could improve on is crafting.  I want to go on quests, or have opportunities, to craft those super unique attributes to my weapons.  I want to make a unique pistol that has improved reload speed, improved damage and extra DR/accuracy, and forgo the near meangingless stat increase or elemental damage.  I think haveing the opportunity to really create your own weapons, possibly via disenchanting something with the desired effect to learn the recipie, to give your characters real items of power.It has its flaws and kinks, but I think its a great game overall"
76561198039852183,Recommended,291650,20496810,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Twinner69,"If you loved Neverwinter Nights and Neverwinter Nights 2, you'll love this game. It's the spiritual successor to that series and manages to show us all how relevant the playstyle still is. From the diverse selection of races and classes, to the outstanding art and dialogue, this game shines where few others dare. Amazing and I recommend it to anyone who's looking for a new fantasy experience."
76561197969497092,Recommended,291650,20430069,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,ManiaC,"Pillars of Eternity is really a great game. All lot of tactical options, great story. For those peolpe who loved games like Neverwinter Nights, Baldurs Gate and so on it is a must to play. I really enjoyed every minute. The only thing what I disliked a bit and which ruined the atmosphere sometimes was the speech. During dialog it often switched from audio to text and back to audio. That ruined the atmosphere a bit, but this is the only negative point. The rest was really very fine. No need to find thousands of new weapons, only for the wallet, just grading up your inventory during the game without running from one point to another. The side quests are not so time consuming and so borning than in other games and the main story is very long and detailed. Simply: Great old school game with tactics, very good story, nice characters,... - I loved it"
,Recommended,291650,18862964,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Raijek,So far I love this game! Only been playing a couple of hours but it already has me hooked. Come check out my LP series if you want some gameplay footage. Oh and fair warning. There is a TON of reading in this game. If you are not into reading this game is not for you lol.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dzKDD0vJu48
76561198006233870,Recommended,291650,20448066,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Liquid,Want The best rpg game that likes baulders but doesnt feeling 10 years old.
,Recommended,291650,20707906,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Cadaver Maintenance,"I started playing this game because I wanted an RPG to play when my D&D group couldn't meet. I've never played a crpg like this, though I did play the first Fallout a few times, and tried (but didn't finish) Fallout 2. I've also played Fallout: New Vegas, and really liked that.I got what I expected: a challenging, interesting rpg that kept surprising me with how detailed and thorough the developers were. Every time I've sat down to play, I've been pleasantly surprised to find something interesting or unexpected, to experience a funny (or tragic) piece of dialogue, to be drawn in by the narrative--and often just the exposition--or to discover an interesting use of a familiar mechanic.Pillars of Eternity is tough, though. It forces you to think about placement, pacing, and specifically how your characters interact on the battlefield. It's killed me many times, and frustrated me enough to turn it off several times. But each time I hit a wall, I learn something, much they way you're supposed to in an rpg like this. My biggest frustration is that the rules are very, very similary to D&D (I'm most familiar with 5e, but I have some knowledge of 3.5 and 4, and I have a feeling it's far more like 4e than any of the other editions, given the sheer volume of stats). That leads to situations where I expect something to happen, but it doesnt, because the rools deviate in an unexpected way. It's something that only happens once in a while, but when it does, it's like getting a sliver from your favorite rocking chair. A cruel an unexpected betrayal.Also, Kana sucks."
76561197982085517,Recommended,291650,20687972,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Schwendau,Its a good game... gets to be a bit of a bore at times. Really wish there was a bit more adventure and dungeon work to be done... some of the hits and quest monsters are a bit questionable. But truly enjoy it. Wait for a sale to grab it and add it to your game box.
76561197993790634,Recommended,291650,20636961,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Visigoth,It's Amazaballs... (Just what I needed)
76561198002640268,Recommended,291650,20603380,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Dantounet,"I almost didn't buy this game because of the bad reputation. I almost made a mistake.That being said, I would like to start by sharing few thought with obsidian:- I know the marketing reasons were obvious but claiming your game was the new baldur's gate was a mistake at best. Pillar is very far from Baldur's gate athmosphere.- Don't brag about the game being a kickstarter project. Most of the issue the game had are coming from this specific point. It almost pushed me away.- Less blabla. The game you inspired yourself from had far less talk and more content to offer. There are other way to explain things rather than text.- More attention on combat. Why can't we pre-buff ?Other than that the game is good despite its reputation. I took my time to finish it (50 hours) and I never got bored.Graphics are good (but not great, just good), I loved the bastion and the customization of companion. the Re-roll option is very pleasant idea. Gameplay is simple, I got few problem with pathfinding during combat.Goods RPG are rare nowadays especially good isometric RPG. Good job for the game. A bit less for the release.This game can be a good introduction to baldur's gate serie and other planescape torment. But it's clearly 1 or 2 rank below."
76561198111807424,Recommended,291650,20603591,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Agnostic Paladin,"Good game, especially if you liked classic RPG's like Baldur's Gate or Planescape:Torment. I liked the game mechanics and loved the script - main storyline as well as the ton of side stories.Only complain i have is that i tried to do all the sidequests, and hit level cap way too early, 2/3 of the game maybe."
,Recommended,291650,20562012,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Xaicrux,Highly addictive RPG. I spent hours trying out different character classes and builds.
,Recommended,291650,20567057,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,King Creole,yep
76561198083610833,Recommended,291650,20585694,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,[SSG]SerTimko,"I have to say this game is breath-taking, Not only is there a solid character creation and graphics but the amount of story detail is very expansive. The idea of building a stronghold, i can see myself doing that for hours upon hours not to mention the labrynth below. Yes you can say the story is difficult to start off in but it makes up with all the other amazing stuff you can do within this game. Thank you Obsidian for going back to this type of game because its so good to have a brand new series, possibly, coming out."
76561198055117240,Recommended,291650,20598646,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Quinn,"I always enjoy these new rpgs that bring back some of the much loved things from older rpgs (while still feeling fresh). I'm not going to write a long winded review. Just going to say I thoroughly enjoyed this, and I definately recommend it!"
,Recommended,291650,20603350,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,NeuroDark,"I  bought this game from the word of a friend over the phone. He kept telling me about it. When he told me the detail about the people who made it, their history as Black Isle, I almost♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants. I have been playing BG series, and IW Dale series to THIS DAY, since they were originally released.This game stands atop the shoulders of her predcessors with incredible grace and confidence. I have not played all the way through, and have only dedicated about 2 days or so, sporadically, but I am absolutely SMITTEN with this title.The voice acting, the story, the graphics, and the music, all combine into one amazing package. They really made a keeper with this one. I miss the excitement of when BG2 first came out. This recaptures that feeling. I felt when playing it that I was part of a world - with a story that is both sweeping, and elegant.This is gaming at the heart of many of us. This game rocks!"
76561197967800438,Recommended,291650,20507308,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Matt,"I am giving this game a very cautious recommendation.The storytelling and roleplaying elements are great.  The companions that join your party are deep and interesting.  I always wanted to know what was going to happen next, and the way I created and roleplayed my character had impact on my choices and results throughout the game.  The reputation system actually gives an in-game incentive for you to roleplay your character consistently, rather than choose the option that is most beneficial for a given situation.  I enjoyed those aspects of the game thoroughly.Unfortunately, the combat is completely botched.  The mechanical aspects of combat do not work very well -- I will click on a character and move them, only to find a few second later that the click to select did not actually register and I just moved my wizard right into the middle of a melee.  I found myself frequently pausing the game, very carefully clicking several times on a charcters portrait to make sure they are selected, and then moving them.  The box select tool is very inaccurate and useless except for selecting the entire party.  The pathfinding is terrible, and party members often end up stuck on the corner of a tree, or wall, or behind another party member, rather than actually heading to their destination.There are three categories of encounters in this game -- trivally easy, obnoxiously annoying, and brutally hard -- with very little in between.  The difficulty also has very little to do with the monsters' level versus the party's level.  Most encounters require very little effort to win, just attack one creature at a time and hack them down.  An example of an obnoxiously annoying encounter is a group of ghost-type creatures that spam an area-of-effect paralyze spell and have high stats for avoiding attacks.  The pose very little danger to the party, but most of the five minute battle will be spent watching your party members stand there paralyzed or whiffing attacks against them.  Brutally hard encounters involve incredibly powerful enemy abilities that require either luck or cheesy play (often both) to win against.  This includes groups of enemies with domination attacks, where multiple monsters in the group have the ability to take control of one of your party members, with no cast time and very little ability to resist.  There are also a couple creatures that have area of affect damaging attacks that will wipe your party in one attack, with no ability to resist.The truly unfortunate thing is that the difficulty level has very little effect on these encounters.  The trivially easy encounters are still very easy even on the highest difficulty level, and the brutally hard encounters are still brutally hard even on the easiest difficulty level.  This game could be great by making each encounter a cakewalk and just enjoying the story and roleplay, but that is not an option.  You might as well play on the highest difficulty level and look up the way to cheese the several very brutal encounters in the game.  (Generally, the petrification spell turns any encounter into a trivial one).There were times when playing that I was really looking forward to rolling another character and playing through the story again from a different perspective, but now I do not think I will.  Its worth experiencing the game for the first time, but the combat is just too frustrating to make another play through enticing.  If you enjoy good storytelling and roleplay and are willing to deal with a botched combat system, this game is worth buying."
,Recommended,291650,20480224,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,G.Kothe,Awesome!
76561197971506065,Recommended,291650,20653489,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,wcortel,Great game!  good story and overall a fun game.  A must have for classic RPG fans.
76561198055079841,Recommended,291650,20654354,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Facecrusher,yes
76561198076492795,Recommended,291650,20617336,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Juke Jones,"I had totally forgotten about my love of Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale, but upon researching the user tag 'isometric' I stumbled upon this gem of a game.  I immediately fell in love again with the infinity engine which let me speed up, slow down and even pause the game to set up my strategies.I love the story and won't have any problem running through the game a second or third time on harder difficulty.  I would say that the suggested Easy setting was a great choice at first, but the game was entirely too easy by the time of the final battle.  I would suggest everyone start at least normal difficulty.I have several games I play, but find myself drawn to this one.   A must have for your collection and with expansions here and more coming makes this a must buy."
,Recommended,291650,15255203,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Just Ted,"this is a very good RPG. and when i say RPG, i mean it is a pole playing game. its very similar to neverwinter nights/never winter nights 2. the graphsa arent increddible but they really dont matter the story will engross your mind. seriously boner worthy. 10/10 would recomend to anyone who loves a good rpg. <3thanks,ted."
,Recommended,291650,15246153,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Sir Fondlebottom,Took 'em long enough to make BG3
76561198089954694,Recommended,291650,15120111,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,MackYavel,"The new Baldur's Gate, truely the only successor of it's legacy...   Deep, exciting, addictive; i haven't slept more than 4 hours a day so i could play more!I imagined i would breeze throu it like many games.  I usualy eat rpg games like candy but this is one tough jawbreaker.  After 31 hours of playtime i can already feel sad for when i'll finish it.Finally a game with real content instead of just flashy graphics...If you haven't played Baldur's Gate before but you are looking to know the genre better, this game is IT.Use a pen and paper to take notes, write down names and locations.  Some quest or action will greatly influence future encounters,  choosing sides is of great importance.  A friendly NPC can turn into foe,  a quest can become unobtainable after some actions,  a vendor can turn on you if you attack his friends from another town.  It truely is a RPG.  (The main quest will remain and i don't think u can 'break' the game by killing some random npc you dont like, but you can really change the behavior of many npc and factions in both ways.)On a technical note, the game is quite demanding in cpu/gpu horsepower even if it looks simplistic.  An older laptop will struggle badly with it.  The REAL minimum to play it would be a 2.2ghz dualcore (X2 3200, T7500 or similar), and a video card of the likes of a gtx260+, radeon 3850+, GTS450, radeon 5650, GT640, GT730, or a VERY recent intel integrated GPU.  The recommended  hardware cited on the store page is more than enough.  I personally play without a hiccup on a 2nd gen dualcore i7 2620M at 2.7ghz with 8 gigs and a GTX 560M Laptop.  A SSD is VERY recommended as it will greatly speed up loadings and auto-save feature.  And there is a lot of loading when in town, between houses and buildings.As far as the stability goes, the game seems almost bug free so far, only a few visual glitch i noticed, and 1 hang during a conversation where i had no choice to select and was stuck there, had to alt-f4.  Other than that very smooth gameplay, almost nothing to complain about.  Stronghold could use a little work but nothing gamebreaking.Edit: a couple bugs found, one wich i was able to recover from with an older savegame(lost 30 minutes), it is getting addressed as i write this so im confident it'll be cleared as you read this.All in all, buy this game."
76561198178144470,Recommended,291650,15266796,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,cbcook9789,"This game is amazing. I don't know how many hours of game time I've put in now but I just can't get enough. The story is captivating, the graphics look great, and everything about the playability is so smooth and the battles are fun. Really brings the old crpgs like Baldur's Gate I played as a child into the modern era.Thank you Obsidian for all your hard work. Keep it up! Can't wait for the expansions :)"
76561198011799100,Recommended,291650,15268093,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Thirdeye,"Need more games like this. I have been waiting for another Baldurs gate or something from the Infinity engine series and here it is. This is the Baldurs Gate 3 i have been waiting for! By far one of the best games that has come out in a few years. I love especially love the amount of dialog in this game and how it expresses on things such as characters. The art is gorgeous and everything looks really beautiful. This is a game i plan to replay a lot due to seeing the different out comes of story, progression, reactions and endings. I love they have different hard modes and that it's possible to do this game as a solo character which is really exiting. I hope these guys continue to make more games based of this world and be able to see the rest of the world they have created to explore it's history and all the possible interesting antagonists that strive with goals of their own with different backrounds and different means. The antagonist in this game was interesting and very well put together. The characters you can share your adventure with are interesting as well and can be funny in their own way. Another reason to replay is to explore all the dialog i missed with the ones that i did not have in my party which makes for great replay value.If i was to say anything bad about this game it would be i wish it was longer due to my love of these particular type of games wishing  they were longer but this game is a great size for people who don't have a lot of time to put into playing games. I also kind of wish there was some more area's to explore as i have noticed they could have fitted about 4 aditional places to the map but hay kickstarter is kickstarter and they are making a expansion so that is exiting as well.I have noticed there isn't as many puzzles as Baldurs gate. Which was a fun aspect of adventuring but there is some. I love the reputation system and how it impacts stuff and of course your choices can make an impact too. I don't want to spoil anything so i will just add this as a little disappointment of the game is i am kinda saddened you can't make one specific choice at the end game but oh well. If anyone is reading this and has finished the game and understand what i mean then congratz because you know well what i mean and that is awesome.Don't know what else to add but all i can really say is. Play this game and at least finish it to really get the full feel for it especially if you never played these type's of games before. These types of games are well worth the time and effort put into them as they always have a AMAZING story and it always makes you think about things. Anyways Good luck have fun GG and enjoy this game everyone. It is worth the buy and is worth your time."
76561197971798619,Recommended,291650,15271972,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,winter0star,The game is truely epic for this type of game.  I'm near the end and every aspect of the game is great.  From the combat to the questing.I do not have any downsides about the game.
76561198190663828,Recommended,291650,15273431,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,DigitalPanhandler,"Please add Co-op, im lonely :("
76561198009494594,Recommended,291650,15274449,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,MakkaHS,"This has been a great game to play. Brings back fond memories of Neverwinter, Baldur's gate and BG2.Great immersive storyline, quest decisions that are both hard and actually matter. Interesting new class type (cypher). Overall a great game. I would not recommend this to someone looking for a hack and slash diablo style game, as a lot of people are buying this game with misconceptions. The battles are strategic and you will be using that space bar alot (on hard or higher anyway). Plenty of different abilities and spell, great party combinations and plenty to do. Great time killer for anyone and probably one of the best RPG's of the last 5 years for the RPG enthusiasts. 9.5/10"
76561197960396940,Recommended,291650,15274678,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,The Iron Duke,"Takes the complexity of the Baldur's Gate series and brings it into the modern age.  The work done to the Infinity Engine is absolutely amazing and puts to shame the ""enhanced editions"" that Beamdog has released for Icewind Dale and Baldur's Gate.Worth every penny even at full price for any fan of the genre."
,Recommended,291650,15274808,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Hash Slinging Slasher,Great RPG!
76561198009620313,Recommended,291650,15275142,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,leohayward,"WOW.  Balder's Gate, Neverwinter, and Xcom (tactics).  The Devs have done awesome work.  What a story...You have to play this game.  The story line so far is great.  Inter party banter is fun.  yes..  they will make comments ""does your fox bite?  Yes.  Can I pet him?  He'll bite you.  I'm gonna pet him!""  LOLOLOLCombat can be very tough...  Tactics is KEY..  aka Xcom.  Do not rush in.. with out scouting..  you will likely die.  If a fight is too hard, come back later.  This is not hack & slash but quest oriented.  I personally like that.  Makes you think a bit more imo.Oh..  Save often, save well.  You can do that.  Save when you want.  A nice refresh from other games.Congrats to the Obsidian Team and all of you who supported this via Kickstarter.  Now..  one question...  if I read every freaking tombstone in the game world does my char get something?  kidding..  the tombstones (most of them) are a riot.Remember the Balder's gate voice that said 'You must gather your party....'  He's baaack.downside...  PC Gamer should have gave this a 98.  SeriouslyGame play so far has been flawless.ok..  so go have fun for the next few weeks (or months) :)"
76561198188402886,Recommended,291650,15275817,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,missnox,"If you love Baldurs Gate and Icewind Dale, you will love this game. Same gameplay, new world, fantastic characters and story. I finally have a new game to spend my life on, and it is gorgeous and fun. The personal and regional reputation system is a nice touch, meaning I can be a hero in one area, and a terror in another. I've also been charmed by the music and voiceovers while playing this. I think the detail of lore and history are what make this game very special. I would love a second game!"
,Recommended,291650,15276397,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Imagine,"Only played a little over an hour so far, but I'm absolutely loving what I've seen so far. As a long time rpg player and infinity engine vet this game is a godsend and a modern day blast from the past so to speak. I'm excited to see what the rest of the game has to offer and that's something I can honestly say I haven't felt about a game in quite some time."
76561197961312070,Recommended,291650,15276551,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,desolve,"Very nice work. Finish the mopping up on this then move onto the next one. Expansions are for the weak imo, please dont waste your time doing that. Im thinking the engine works great, almost flawless infact. The only issue i had was with the save game system. It seems the more saves you have the slower it gets. Hovever this does not cause issue with the actual game itself.This game is class. Dont forget this when your moving forward.Left up to me i would choose to reuse almost all of the core programming from this game. New environments and a new story and voila"
76561198058316853,Recommended,291650,15276638,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,r4gg3dyM4n,"Pros+++AMAZING storyline - This ♥♥♥♥er rivals The Witcher series!++++ DEEP character / party customization - Because Obsidian knows what RPG fanatics like and its more menus!+++ Beautiful graphics / art design - Believable high fantasy setting to take you back to the days of oldschool D&D.Cons+++ Extremely difficult (not a con for myself, but for others) - Don't bother playing if you have anger issues or dont like Rogue-like games.+++ RPG knowledge intensive -- those who are familiar with D&D, Pathfinder, pretty much any RPG will be at home, but for casual gamers not into true RPGs, they might be lost in the sauce.Final Rating - BUY THIS GAME. 9/10! This really is a game for the ages. Dont take my word for it, how about the 91% positive ratings on Steam"
76561198030089802,Recommended,291650,15068275,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Lightress,I like the game alot.But after playing for five hour.My wizards grimoire disappeared out of thin air.So i had to start the game over again.Cause a wizard can't cast without one.I thought this bugg was fixed?
76561198068247893,Recommended,291650,15180963,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Frikinpanzy,Shibby!!!
76561197995202583,Recommended,291650,15181152,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,ChadGarion25,"Blast from the past; if you're a fan of Baldur's Gate or any of its ilk, you owe it to yourself to get into this adventure.Deviating from core D&D mechanics in ways that better suit a PC game, you'll find the UI and game mechanis cut right through a lot of the tedium and finicky issues with the old games. For example, if your main character a soft and squishy Rogue or Wizard, you will no longer be punished with an instant game over if they fall in combat. The endurance system allows you to play through a number of encounters without binge drinking potions or resting after each fight.It is an very specific style of game to be sure; some might not like loosing battles on some crapy dice rolls. There are some things I also found lacking, like the ability to craft traps and a larger NPC companion pool considering the stronghold mechanics to keep benched companions busy.Overall a great game so far, one I'm going to savor for a while yet."
76561197999891426,Recommended,291650,15181328,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,rFr,Best game in RPG category in last decade.
76561197970837903,Recommended,291650,15182002,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,kerry,"This game is amazing, its as if they have taken everything good about RPG's and put it all into one package. I feel as if I've come home after so long. Its planescape, its dragon age its everything you could want. It takes you back as it takes you forward. I congratulate everyone (including the backers) that had anything remotely to do with this game YOU'VE DONE WELL.  To anyone who is wondering about it Play this game I'd have happily payed full price for this one PLAY IT AND ENJOY."
,Recommended,291650,15577026,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Mellow,It's a modern Baldur's Gate. 10/10
,Recommended,291650,15567704,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Illyrien,"Its not Baldurs Gate, but still well worth it. I have enjoyed playing it, at I do find, that its generally techinically superior, and with a refreshingly original and interesting story. I miss Minsc though :/Where I find this game short is in the amount of companions, and inter-companion interaction. The lack of a romance plotline is also sad.Anyways, all in all, a game well worth playing."
,Recommended,291650,15555551,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Valkyrie,"Really solid game! I put over a hundred hours into it reading EVERY single book, completing each minor quest line, and easily immersing myself into this wonderful game's lore. I'm not quite sure how Obsidian did it, but it would seem they managed to successfully encapsulate everything that was great about the Baldur's Gate series and improve upon it even more. Pillars features nicely developed characters; interesting environments; boat loads of lore; and grand amount of side-quests to grind on, which can tie in nicely with some of the main story's elements. There are also countless features that I wasn't aware of until I ran the game twice. For example, your murderous sprees psychotic attitude can be incorporated into the game's official lore. I haven't finished my murderous spree yet, but I'm pretty sure you can kill just about everything within this game and have a majority of those atrocities mentioned in one of the many endings you can get.Pillars is probably the most fun I've had with an RPG since Baldur's Gate--and I'm not even completely done with it (goes to show how extensive it can be). This is one of the few Kick-starters I'm actually proud to have funded, I absolutely adored this game from start to end.Obsidian, give us more of this goodness please! A majority of us would be more than happy to fund any future projects that'll lead to more quality content like this."
,Recommended,291650,15676841,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Lametta,"Great Game with lots of potential (future wise)If you like games like baldurs gate you will definitely like this one as well.Don't expect a baldurs gate 3 though.The graphics are great the story, characters are likeable.BUT the fighting system even though not bad isn't as fleshed out as it should or could be.After a certain point you use the same strategy on enemies and even the hardest enemies in the game can be beaten by using some weak parts of the fighting system.Anyhow all in all I still recommend it and hope for improvement on POE2."
76561198004774229,Recommended,291650,15677408,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,mikeet207,"Best RPG i've played in years.  Does an excellent job of capturing the nostalgia of Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale.  Excellent story.  No spoilers, but it's very deep and you'll want to play through parts ot the game more then once to catch all the subtlities.Tons of replay value with all the different dificulty settings and classes.  Enough content to keep you busy for a long time.  Can't wait for sequels and expansions. It will not be easy playing anything else for a long time after this experience."
,Recommended,291650,15678883,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Bascule42,Amazing game. Perhaps the best buy from the last few years. If you like this type of game you will not be disappointed.
,Recommended,291650,15694489,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Chintellectual Imp,"I'm still learning, so this'll be far from a complete review...  more like a few very happy sentences.I got this game simply because a few of the genre's juggernauts are involved. I expected beautiful backgrounds, excellent writing, and strategic combat and I have been pleased with each thus far.Obsidian hasn't done me wrong yet and I'll continue to support them for as long as they continue to produce games.I recommend this to anyone who enjoys CRPGs that require thought, careful planning, and attention to detail."
76561197994998075,Recommended,291650,15698645,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Gorilca,"Very good game, with many possible options in combat and general interactions. It can run a bit long if you are the completionist type like me, but in the end it was stil very enjoyable experience."
76561198150692726,Recommended,291650,15699426,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,jonaswulff,"If you vwere or still happen to be a fan og game like baldurs gate and other such game, the this is a game that yoy do not what to miss out on."
76561198060722606,Recommended,291650,15793349,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,alex.sarnecki,"Pillars of Eternity is an excellent game for anyone interested in the classic crpg experience. Great story, fantastic writing, fun tactical combat, all in all, this game is worth every penny. I look forward to the expansion(s), as well as anything else Obsidian has in store for their supporters....Now, the wait begins for Torment: Tides of Numenera..."
76561197967627424,Recommended,291650,15795604,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Omi,"Amazing game,  we need more games like this in a marketplace thats crammed full of fps games and other rpgs that put graphics before gameplay and story. 10/10"
76561198060999290,Recommended,291650,15774615,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,churchb33,super fun game.  challenging but forgiving enough for a noob like me.
76561198004747852,Recommended,291650,15803402,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,LuckSkillVictory,Worthy of the baldurs gate legacy
76561197968623901,Recommended,291650,15998793,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Brayt0n,"This game is a must play for anyone who looks back on the Baldur's Gate series fondly.My playthrough on normal seemed a bit easy, but the detailed characters with deep back stories kept me coming back for more.If you are experienced with this genre I recommend playing through on the ""hard"" difficulty."
76561198158200091,Recommended,291650,18931501,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,CandiStomp,"This is a straight forward, old-school game. The style of this game reminds me of Baldur's Gate, for me that's a good thing.  I'm a big fan of fantasy RPG, I love D&D, and I love a good dungeon crawl with plenty of challenge.  This game made me remember all the things that got me into gaming and made me love this genre. It's like coming home again after being away for too long. I love it. I only regret that I found out about it so late; I wish I could have contributed to their kickstarter."
76561198089546126,Recommended,291650,30598355,Posted: 18 March,all,BIGGIEEMILIO,Sexy
76561198027129246,Recommended,291650,18903743,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Mathias,Awesome game!
76561198030871925,Recommended,291650,18915544,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Daigotsu,"Pretty good old-school RPG. To be honest, I thought the combat was a little too slow and the story was kind of dull, but this is still a perfectly serviceable game if you were a fan of the old Icewind Dale games."
,Recommended,291650,18935289,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,natronica,"Screw this pig!  It's just another mouth to feed!  Do you want it?...Uh, yeah, do I ever!Fine, take it.  Now be off with you!...(toes begin to tingle)\0/ I got a pig, I got a pig, I got a pig pig pig pig pig pig pig!Would toe-tingle again9/10"
,Recommended,291650,18939925,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,FireLion1983,"I've got 37 hours in this game, but still have WAY more to do. Tons of great content; the modern Baldur's Gate! Combat is so much fun and the story is enthralling so far. Do yourself a favor and check this game out."
76561198119589484,Recommended,291650,18946338,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,danithemage,"A lot of reading, and a lot of fun."
,Recommended,291650,16490234,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Glov,Instant Classic.
,Recommended,291650,20959057,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Igor,Cool game
,Recommended,291650,20956826,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,lexchess,"A bit easy, but the perfect turn-based, group adventure."
76561198033156135,Recommended,291650,20929763,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Miro Laaksonen,"Pillars of Eternity is a spiritual successor to classic CRPGs like Baldur's Gate, which is probably both its biggest strength and weakness. What I mean by that pretentious sounding statement is that because it is purposely so very similar to Baldur's Gate, comparison between these two is almost inevitable. It is very hard to match to the expectations set by being a spiritual successor to a game like Baldur's Gate, and I do not think Pillars of Eternity manages to do that. However, that does not mean that it is a bad game. It is not.I will start with talking about the mechanics of the game and then move to the story and narrative.As far as the combat and the mechanics behind Pillars of Eternity are concerned, it is pretty solid, aside from some weird decisions and specific complaints I have. The game is not based on Dungeons & Dragons rule sets the way games like Baldur's Gate were, and instead they came up with their own way of doing this, which is for the most part pretty good. The way statistics work is much closer to your usual RPG system, so it is probably easier to understand for newcomers to games like this, but if you are really into role playing, things get bit weird. For example, Might increases all damage and healing done, which basically means that every Wizard and Priest in your party has managed to find time for muscle training in the midst of studying scrolls, or what ever Wizards do. Anyway, that's a minor complaint.Pillars of Eternity features 11 character classes (though no dual or multi-classes like in Baldur's Gate), which appeared to all be equally viable and varied. In addition, Cipher and Chanter felt like nicely unique additions to your usual RPG archetypes. Even the non-spell casting classes in the game have their own sets of active abilities, which I also thought was a good addition.When it comes to combat, however, the game starts to have bigger issues. In case you do not know, Pillars of Eternity is top-down tactical real time RPG where you can pause the game in order to issue commands to your party members. For the most part, everything works fine, and I have always enjoyed this kind of combat, but there are few things where Pillars of Eternity falls short. First of all, the AI is awful. Even when set to ""aggressive"", I was constantly finding my companions doing absolutely nothing, and it is not like I would even want them to automatically cast abilities or anything. Just go attack something in place of standing randomly in places! This is made even worse by the terrible pathing the game has. Far too often when commanding a character to attack an enemy, he just stands there blocked by a dude standing in front of him, even if he would have easily enough space to go around to attack the target. You can even prove this by manually walking there without issuing an attack command.In addition to this, Pillars of Eternity does really poor job at providing you visual feedback about what is happening in the battlefield. It is often very hard to tell which companion is where in huge cluster of allies and enemies, especially when the game doesn't bother giving you names of your characters when pressing tab the way it give you the names of enemies, and this becomes a very significant issue due to the Engagement system introduced in the game. This system means that when engaging an enemy in melee combat, that character will be Engaged, and if you move away from that enemy, you become Disengaged, which allows the enemy to hit the character with notable bonus damage. Because it is so hard to tell who is who in the battlefield, it is easy to command a companion to attack a target and not realize he is Engaged somewhere else, which might lead to dead of that character. None of these were issues with Baldur's Gate, for example.On a more positive note, I like the addition of distinction between ""on rest"" and ""on encounter"" abilities, which basically means that you don't have to constantly save all your abilities for harder encounters.Okay then, combat aside, let's talk about narrative. I very much enjoyed the main story of Pillars of Eternity. It has some interesting elements and twists in it, and it kept me engaged with the story throughout the game. However, that is only true with the main story. None of the companions, aside from maybe Durance and Hiravias, were particularly memorable to me, and the companion quests felt really really lacking. In some cases it was literally the case of taking a companion to talk with an NPC, and that was that. Other side quests in the game suffer from similar issues. For example, one of the cities in the game has three major factions you can join. However, doing that features only two quests, one where you join the faction, and one where you do a random favour for them. You do get a short scene at the ending depending on which faction you chose, but that's it. There's nothing like gradually helping the faction of your choice to increase their influence in the city and raise to the power. It just feels really lacking in depth.The game's length is also worth mentioning. Aside from finishing the Endless Paths, which was a Kickstarter stretch goal anyway, I beat almost every side quests, aside from some smaller tasks, and the main story while clocking around 29 hours in Steam, some of that which was just me leaving the game on. 29 hours is by no means a short game, but it is shorter than what I am used to expect with other games similar to Pillars of Eternity.There are also some technical issues with the game. Mainly, the performance is far too poor for a game that looks the way Pillars of Eternity does, and loading times feel really long. Admittedly this is not the kind of game that suffers from a relatively poor frame rate that much, but still, it is definitely a problem when I can run stuff like Metal Gear Solid V much better than a game that looks like Pillars of Eternity. I am not the only one with this issue either, other people have complained about the same issue.However, after all that is said, I still want to clarify that Pillars of Eternity is not a bad game. In fact, it is probably one of the best RPGs that have been released in the past few years. However, if you have played games like Baldur's Gate, you will not be able to look at Pillars of Eternity without instantly drawing a comparison between them, and when you compare Pillars of Eternity with Baldur's Gate, it just feels lacking in comparison. If you are a fan of the genre, you will probably enjoy this, but it will not be the next Baldur's Gate for you. If you are, on the other hand, a newcomer to games like this, just go and play Baldur's Gate instead. It really is better in just every possible way, you know, aside from graphics, and even then the Enhanced Edition that is out on Steam looks quite nice.I enjoyed my time with Pillars of Eternity, so if you are yearning for more Baldur's Gate, or even Icewind Dale, great, you will probably enjoy this one. If you just want to get into the genre, there are better games you should start with."
76561197972313788,Recommended,291650,17864010,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,M. Montesquiou,"This is probably one of the best games I’ve ever played. It has a rich, deep and meaningful story. You can explore and customize almost everything. The game has also huge management improvements that make it a real pleasure to play.I was really disappointed by D:OS and Wasteland 2, but you should definitely buy and play this one!"
76561197963180211,Recommended,291650,16011940,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Lannan,"PROS:Story starts out strong and is engaging.Most quests give a better option of resolving them than most modern games have where your only options are Good (Lawful Stupid) and Evil (Punting a Kitten)Combat is entertaining (more so if you're a caster).The healer class (Cleric) can be more than just a heal bot since it has a nice range of debuffs and some damage spells as well.Hits all the right spots for nostalgic people of Baldur's Gate/IWD games.CONS:Combat gets very easy toward the end of the game once your casters learn their final tier of spells. Mages can paralyze everything, including the hardest monsters in the game which trivializes the fight.Third act feels a bit more rushed than the previous two.Ranged weapons are very overpowered. It seems like they want your party to consist of 1 tank and 5 gun using party members.Main quest line can get lost in the mix of the second act if you are working on all the additional side quests.Overall:It felt like an updated (graphically) version of Baldur's Gate, and the isometric playstyle still holds up well today.It's certainly one of the best crowdfunded games that has been made.It's a shame there is no option for co-op/multiplayer like the Baldur's Gate series and Divinity: Original SinIf you do all the side quests, you will spend a lot of time in the game. You'll get your money's worth.Highly recommended to fans of the RPG genre!"
76561197968711448,Recommended,291650,15982457,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Joe Tobacco,"A really deep and awesome RPG. A deep learning curve thats for sure. As for the lore, its pretty damn amazing. have to say though, end for me was not ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic for me ;/ the game bugged and the last couple of fights had the enemies just stand still ;/ oh well, good ride nevertheless !"
76561197978933102,Recommended,291650,16252940,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,zapins,"Fantastic game all around, reminds me a lot of Baldur's Gate 2 but the story line has hints of wheel of time. Well worth the time to play and the price. I hope there are many more like it to come!"
,Recommended,291650,15547277,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,lamic,"If you like Baldurs Gate you won't be disappointed. Beautiful graphics, rich gameplay, amazing storyline."
,Recommended,291650,15562918,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Snaith,"Disclosure: I am a huge Infinity Engine fan.In the interest of providing a full appreciation for what you are getting in to I will break this down in to several sections, if you only want information on a certain area just skip ahead!Story/Plot:Yea:Some difficult choices to be made.Generally a lack of a binary good or evil setup.The world is huge and the lore in depth.Nay:The main story is generic fantasy fair. Revolutionary it is not.Sometimes hard to role-play certain types of character due to the lack of consistent options in conversation.Quests:Yea:Meaningful and substantial, throughout the games.Side quests are plentiful and offer a good reason to explore the world and get the most out of the setting.Nay:The pacing is a little off in places, potentially leading to a lack of drive to finish the story.Characters:Yea:Very developed back stories.A lack of one dimensional characters.Nay:Limited inter-party banter.Party has no bearing on your actual conversations.Bordering on blind followers. Seems like you could slap their Mother with a wet fish and they wouldn't bat an eyelid.Script/Writing:Yea:Phenomenal writing.Voice acting:Yea:Some very impressive voice work, including some fantastic stand outs.Plenty of voiced conversations; there can always be more, but for me there was oodles.Nay:During conversations there are written descriptions to bring the conversation to life. The voice acting does not pause for this, even when it says that the character paused! This can be jarring.Art/Design:Yea:Art and aesthetics are always personal, but I loved it.Nay:Some random, extremely low resolution assets that would have looked old fashioned in the original Infinity games. Infrequent, but they stick out like a sore thumbImpact of decisions:Yea:It was sometimes difficult to tell the result of your actions and sometimes it was obvious as a sword to your enemies gut. You traverse the world and cause waves of action and interest.Nay:Sometimes a little too unclear or obtuse regarding what would happen when making the choice.Combat/AI:Yea:Clever, nuanced classes without thematic considerations.Strong variety of moves.Several options to support style of combat desired (e.g. turn based, slow mode etc).Some challenging combat, with consideration and calculation being necessary. (Though of course a little luck never hurts.)Nay:Classic issues of not auto-attacking and getting caught on allies.It is not obvious what move the hero is using until you actually select them (i.e. no overhead display of move selected for use).Bugs:Yea:Not as many as expected, does that count?Nay:Voice cuts to halfway through sentences periodically.Voice cut out/became muted.Some events fail to trigger.Steam achievements didn't update for me.Features/Options:Yea:Lots of customisable options, such as hiding meta information (e.g. possible conversation options you lack requirements for).Regular, helpful tooltips.Nay:Tooltips don't always relate to what they pop-up for (seems to be on a keyword search so damage may bring up the ""damage"" tooltip, though it refers to ""mitigating damage"").Some options don't seem to work as intended or implied (e.g. show relative defense values, limit stash).Pets that add almost nothing.Some locked slots on the inventory that never unlock (did I miss something?)Noticeable omissions:When in main team location you have to swap out characters to be able to look at their items.Humour - other than the odd comment (and maybe one particular character) there is very little of the light-heartedness or amusing comments as seen in other Infinity games.Meaningful differences in loot. Each new weapon tends to be a small, numerical difference from the others. The few that seem to have potentially interesting differences are poorly explained.Explanations of the enchanting system.Overall:Loved almost every minute of it. To anyone who enjoyed the Infinity games, anyone who has enjoyed a party based cRPG I would recommend this. I would also recommend it to anyone who has a passing interest in roleplaying, or immersing themselves in a new and fantastic world.Some improvements are definitely available for the developers, but they are not needed to make the game feel whole and substantial. The game is polished and fulfilling and it is only a matter of time before I play it again."
76561198006519239,Recommended,291650,16142194,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Strykt9,"I love this game.  I am a sucker for well-thoughtout gameplay experience.  I played all of the old Black Isle Studio games from Planscape to Baldurs Gate (Minsc and Boo!) to Baldurs Gate 2: Throne of Baal.  PoE gameplay is just like these games BUT extremely polished.  I appreciate the subtle details from the extending scroll in the upper left hand corner that tells you stuff, to the inventory stash that can be organized with one click, to the organized quest page that not only shows you what you have to do but what you have done so you can refer to it later.  So much to appreciate!!!"
76561198019391939,Recommended,291650,15758941,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,BoonPflug,"Best D&D style RPG since Baldurs Gate 2. It has it all: Amazing story, deep and interesting characters, fun and complex combat, great difficulty (at least on POTD), huge amount of content. It just has ... soul."
76561198079465512,Recommended,291650,16362799,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Griffith,"If your fan of Ice Wind Dale, Baldurs Gate, or Planescape Torment style games, then this is what you've been waiting for!  For years ive been waiting for a succussor to those games and nothing I have played matched up.  This game though... this is where it's at and deff worth the money, Even at full price.  Something I found to be super amazing in the game is that they allow you to ""buy Adveturers"" which gives you the ability to constantly manage your team to the fighting style you want. No longer are you stuck with your crew for hours upon hours, but a now a simple trip to an inn and you could change your entire team. On top of that it gives you a change to see how each class opperates and the different skills without having to start a new game.On top of all of that. I am 70 hours in and i still have many hours to go before it over.  This is a true game."
76561198025778349,Recommended,291650,16379159,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ptom12,"If you enjoyed the baldur's gate series, this is a must have."
,Recommended,291650,16478547,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Mike,"Great game, played through multiple times. Waiting for the first expansion now."
,Recommended,291650,16479123,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Daniel.Drache,"Great Old School RPG, A lot of classes, races, sub races, a wide range of weapons"
,Recommended,291650,16480883,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Track26,Great Game. Great story. Infinity Engine Mod is a must.
76561198128087757,Recommended,291650,16482066,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,DLibs,CRPG must have
,Recommended,291650,16485358,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Elise,"Excellent title I recommend to anyone that loved Baldur's Gate or Icewind dale, and is seeking a rich story expirenece if someone difficult combat."
76561198030329237,Recommended,291650,16487268,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Koravel,"If you are looking for Baldur's Gate 3, this is it. Absolutely amazing RPG with an incredible story which I have only touched the barest hint of. Hell, the first four hours on record were making and remaking a character over and over again to see what I liked. I settled on a Death Godlike Chanter who is focused on necromantic ""spells."" I love the little touches in the game, such as not simply naming the chant, but actually giving it a unique title, such as ""Not Felled by Axe, nor Broken by the Storm,"" (increases slash and shock resistance for all party members in the area of effect).10/10."
,Recommended,291650,16491210,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,LT,"Definitely scratches the Baldur's Gate/NWN itch. Solid gameplay, and active developers."
,Recommended,291650,16495447,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Radio Bug,"A long, long time ago.... Back when i was in high school....A random encounter appeared....It was.... D&D! (Or dungeons & Dragons, for those unfortune few that are uninformed.....)I fell in love immediately. I'm serious, it's amazing.The story telling, the customization, the lore!!!It makes you feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥I saw this, and decided to purchase Pillars of Eternity to make the wait for ""Sword Coast"" more bearable. (bareable? Bareble? barable? Barackobamable? eh, forget it.)THIS GAME represents table-top gaming almost perfectly (In my opinion, of course..)It's worth every cent, if you're looking for D&D, and lack the funds for the damn expensive books/mini's.Or if you just don't have four other people to play with...."
,Recommended,291650,16844276,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Sheogorath,"I'll be honest, this is the first game I've played in about a year that I started it and am realy excited to keep playing in between my sessions. I'll start with my three gripes: 1. I don't like the 6 limit cap on the 'camp materials' (these are what you use to rest out in the wild to regain health, etc.) 2. So far (my characters are lvl5) there are very limited healing spells, it seems the game is more centered around damage aversion than healing, as there's tons of endurance and resistence spells, etc. 3. I would love if I had the option to play this multiplayer with each person controlling 1-3 champions.Other than that this game is literally a masterpiece. I may be a bit biased as I grew up playing all the Baldur's Gate games, Icewinddale, Neverwinter nights, etc. This game really takes from those and makes the GUI a well polished, easy to use delight. The graphics while not what you might expect for a game released in 2015 are absolutely stunning for this type of game. I honestly just can't say enough about how much I like it. And with the race/class combinations I'm sure this is a game I'll play through 2-5  times over the next few years so it's a steal at $40.If you like fantasy RPGs, etc. you should love this game. 9.8/10 would be my rating."
,Recommended,291650,16296358,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,danielricci,"What a great game, seriously buy it, take the summer and enjoy the game a few hours every few days, read the story, get to know the game, explore, dont look up anything online in terms of what to do, just enjoy the game, and plan everything out!"
76561198010962793,Recommended,291650,16344429,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,The Mothafuckin Franklin,"Exceedingly good game.  If you liked games in the Infinity Engine, or RPGs using a Real-Time-With-Pause combat system, then you'll be right at home.  Interesting characters, beautiful landscapes, and a mesmerizing soundtrack are just icing on the cake."
76561198050541096,Recommended,291650,16318216,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,davy_simmons,Plays like the first old school types could have if we had a real flux capacitor. Sound track is great. Can be  punishing at times. Allows different ways to do things. Developer commentary is really nice and ensures every facet of the game was thought out well in advance. Good voices. Good tracking and map. Inventory blends all rpgs with good function. Lots of reading gives a deeper experience. Crafting functions. Sounds and buildings like retro from old games like it. No cartoon graphics. Get punished for greed while moving too far off a trial in one area for treasure without proper level. Worth the money if you want to support your artists and developers of great games like these whatever form they take.
76561198045501597,Recommended,291650,16321364,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,David Bowie,Very worthy of being called a spirtual succesor to the great infinity engine rpgs of the past.
76561198007404427,Recommended,291650,16801241,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,blindseye,"If you you loved BGII, NWN, IWD, etc., this is a must have.  It simplifies/streamlines some of the details/depth from BGII, Icewind Dale, etc.  Some will like that, I did, but others may not as much.  But what it is, is quite simply great!It needs more expansions ASAP!  An Eternity Keeper is already on Nexus that let's you tweak your characters.  This one is a keeper and will be around for a long, long time to come.I played it straight through on easy mode and finished everything except for killing the ""one below"" in the basement.  I am now playing through with a party I created instead of companions, trying a Rogue and a Barbarian, neither of which are in the current companions.You need at least one warrior to hold aggro... oh heck, you know what to do, buy it and get to it!"
76561197999094663,Recommended,291650,16806497,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,doolz23,"Achieves its aim of bringing back the old-school PC RPG feeling. So much depth to the side quests and lore, becomes a bit of a challenge to complete it all. But if you loved the 90s and 00s fantasy RPGs you'll probably love this."
76561198073837400,Recommended,291650,30468943,Posted: 12 March,all,Primary Consumer,"Its a beautiful game which will keep u busy for hundreds of hours. Gameplay is great. It has a nice combat system with countless spells and abilitys. And the story is actually really good. U really need to read a lot cause theres so much lore.The game is challenging on normal difficulty level, which can be adjusted at any time.Graphic is ok.The german localisation is pretty bad, but nothing gamebreaking.If you like old-school-rpgs u have to play this.90%"
76561198026019784,Recommended,291650,15754017,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Gazzles,Absolutely amazing... Fantastic game with great detail and replayability... must buy!!!
76561198086410876,Recommended,291650,15757540,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Tobesz,"Great game, but can be frustratingly difficult at times."
76561198119448366,Recommended,291650,15836209,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,ArkAngleinst,Have to make a new character 4 times because I didn't understand how in depth the game really is!10/10Been waiting for a game that I have to actually learn and get fully get involved with to play!Should play if you grew up play Dragon Age: Origins and want a real thought out game that will make DA:O seem like child's play.
,Recommended,291650,15836667,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,xyproto,A polished and high quality game. The music is extremely well produced. Highly recommended if you like this type of games.
76561197990041807,Recommended,291650,15881068,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Ouro,Most excellent!  Return to the times of yore when game were fun and engaging!
,Recommended,291650,15881417,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Sylph,"Seriously fantastic game. I didn't realize how much I had been missing the long RPGs of my younger days. It's been a while since a game has taken me more than 20~ hours to get through, so having 60+ (and not even a completionist run) was great.The story was great, the areas beautiful, and I actually loved the combat system."
76561197993061405,Recommended,291650,15860790,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,tiaguerazortea,Great game. Definitely reminds me of Baldurs Gate.
,Recommended,291650,15862427,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Xardas,"Short and Sweet:Pros:-Story line-Side quests-Lore-Character Creation-Beautiful Scenery-Any game that makes you want to play it thru twice is worth the money, you end up really wanting to just flip the script in your decisions and see how it affects your total game play all over again.-Can literally kill everyone you come into contact with.-Plenty of options to toggle: help, information, guides, difficulty etc.Cons:-Load Screens (No joke, they get longer and longer the more you save and progress)-I can see where impatient, non-nostalgic youths would not appreciate this RPG style.  Your either going to love it or hate it im afraid.-I do prefer open world, non linear designs.  In this game you have to progress to open any more content (maps/areas)."
76561197991345569,Recommended,291650,15863467,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,rdchris,30 minutes in and I'm giddy with excitement like I was a decade gain with BGII. Outstanding gameplay and non-liner storytelling. Bravo!!
76561198125992162,Recommended,291650,15874807,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Herbal Extract,"not just the best Infinity Engine-type game out there, but one of the best RPG's of all time."
76561198017797854,Recommended,291650,15875274,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Old Gregs Place,"Outstanding RPG that matches the best of the classics.  Fantastic dungeon design, depth, atmosphere, story,writing, and music.  Crossing my fingers for more games like this in the future."
76561198065312854,Recommended,291650,18329416,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,James Harrison,Awesonme game! Brings back my childhood.
,Recommended,291650,15931710,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,WarrenGFan,"I recommend the game but be warned: This is not a new BG2, it is a good game but it is not close to be as amazing as it was expected and fantasized. I would recommend to buy the game for 20 Euro at max. Play it on expert mode to increase the gaming experience."
76561197966615134,Recommended,291650,18330080,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Poop-Loops,"If you like the old Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, Neverwinter Nights, and probably something else I forgot, then this is the game for you. I haven't kept up with D&D for quite some time, so I don't know if these are just the rules of the new editions or if it's an original ruleset just for this game. Stats are kind of reshuffled, as are skills. Nothing too drastic, but I'm still trying to get used to it all.The controls are familiar and intuitive. Nothing has been gimped. You have party formations, pausing during battle, auto-pause, etc.Story so far (I've only been playing for a few hours) is pretty standard fair compared to the titles I mentioned in the beginning. So far so good, basically.There's also cussing in the game. I like that aspect for some reason. Makes it feel like the game was tailored towards someone my age, who grew up with this style of games and isn't a kid anymore."
,Recommended,291650,18352385,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,majestiele1,"I bought this game 3 days ago ,downloaded immediately and haven't stopped playing it since,..I bought Batman: Arkham Asylum, had it for three weeks played 5 hours total.Pillars is just my kinda game. I was 6 years old when Baldur's Gate came out in 1998, my dad played it and let me watch, then I played it, played BGII, played Planescape:Torment, played Icewind Dale, played Icewind Dale II, played Neverwinter Nights, and then Dragon Age and Dragon Age II and I still play them all 17 years later.If you had any semblance of enjoyment playing any of the games above then you have found your true loveIn summary:25/10 Would not have a life and play games all year again."
76561198032989929,Recommended,291650,18322618,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Imoen,"This is a great homage to Baldurs Gate and has many resemblances to the much loved game. Altough Pillars is not as extensive as it's archetype it does not lack the detail, the great story or the interesting companions. The companions in particular I have found to be very lovable, thus I do love this game too."
76561198070602268,Recommended,291650,18321738,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,rdalin,"9/10 tons of fun. Like Baldur's Gate. Good story, it picks up quite a bit as you progress. Nice and challenging. The expansion was great too!"
76561198053791074,Recommended,291650,18323476,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,marydmoomey,I really liked this game. It reminded me of the Baldur's Gate series. I did like the fact that you can control each member of your party. Being able to pause the game and issue commands was extremely helpful to the point of whether the party survived or died. I liked the fact that you could make choices and determine which direction the game would go. In the end it was nice to see how all of your decisions throughout the game came together in tying up the final story.
,Recommended,291650,18304941,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,VanLaser,"This is the first review I'm ever writing, but I'm doing it because I think Pillars of Eternity deserves it so so much.The game has an amazing story line, great dialogue and high quality writing. I'm a great fan of fantasy novels, and I felt like reading a book while actively engaging in it.There are so many NPC characters, and you have the option to learn about their history and their motivations. It really helps to flesh out the whole game world and make it more immersive.The gameplay itself is also a lot of fun. I love micromanaging my team of 6 characters, and this game satisfied all my needs. There are just so many possibilities to customize a character and put together a functioning team. When faced with unforeseen challanges, it is fun to be concerned with both positioning of characters and activation of their miriad of skills.I also need to commend the art. There is so much detail in each map, and it looks wonderful. And the background music complements it beautifully.There is really only one single criticizm I have. I didn't like the character models much. But it didn't in any way retract from my gaming experience. Maybe a little bit... I can't say for sure.I recommend this game to EVERYONE. Great game, indeed!"
76561197972399306,Recommended,291650,18318085,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Sapphon,Best game I have played in years. One of the few that in recent memory that I will play until completion and then wait for the next expansion.
76561198022397896,Recommended,291650,15103208,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Valyen,One of the best RPGs I've ever played. A combination of amazing games of the past brought together to make a perfect game.
76561198022411663,Recommended,291650,15111099,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Jexx,"It's the game you have been looking for, it's the best of this genre! This sets a new standard for this type of RPG. This is what i wish all the Dungeons & Dragons games would play like mechanically, storywise and graphic's wise. Totally satisfiying experience from the start."
76561198006644191,Recommended,291650,15111251,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Myshkin,"Better than Baldur's Gate. Blaspheme, you may think, but it's not!If you like old school RPGs you will adore this. If you are young, welcome to a whole new world."
,Recommended,291650,15111708,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,nny1126,Great old school RPG! In the same vein as Baldur's Gate.
,Recommended,291650,15111726,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Kurp ♥,"Amazing old-school cRPG. If you liked Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, or Neverwinter Nights, you can't go wrong with this game. Hours fly after you get immersed into the story and world of Eora."
,Recommended,291650,15111765,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Raylenor,"An RPG to its very core, POE is a captivating journey that not only allows for broad customization options but for in-depth combat. Most impressively however, is its implementation of ""choose your own path"" story segments. It is not often that the two are associated with one another, yet POE makes you wonder why it hasn't been explored much in the past. Above all, this game is certainly a worthwhile experience that I cannot wait to further sink my teeth into."
76561198068143377,Recommended,291650,15111974,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Scarface,"This game is amazing. It represents a homage for us who grew up playing games such as Baldur's Gate and Planescape. Hopefully, it will be the landmark of the revival of a genre of games that are not simply a form of entertainment, but also a form of art.Pillars of Eternity is engrossing, atmospheric, brilliant, innovative, and majestic. And I love it!"
76561197966618559,Recommended,291650,15112844,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,SeanWH,"Yup, I'm going to join the rest of the people praising the heck out of this game.  I too remember when Baldur's Gate came out and I remember installing it and thinking this was the best game ever.  Well, this one brings back that same feeling.  There is just so much to do and see--I'm the kind of person who has to clear the fog of war from every inch of the map; I get a little annoyed when the sight range won't allow you to clear one little bit because you can't get close enough to it.  I like to take my time at these kinds of games; 4 hours in and I'm just running around the temple dungeon in the first town you come to.  This is a great game."
,Recommended,291650,15113262,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Blacktemplar,Best RPG since Baldurs Gate 2 - which says alot.
76561198007762475,Recommended,291650,15113314,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,derekash,"Amazing game true successor to the old school Baldurs Gates series , wish there were more hours in the day to play this RPG gem. Definately a must add to your RPG collection!!"
76561198038825098,Recommended,291650,15113327,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,aiwendil,Great game if you like BG/BG2 you will like this game also
,Recommended,291650,15113333,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Big Buttery Potato,"Really Good!! I grew up on Baulders Gate and Icewindale so this was basically 13 yr old me's dream game. The Isometric style is good for those seeking nostalgia, and the combat is pretty tight. Story and dialoug are good as well... But the game shines in its world-building. the locations are interesting and I just want to explore every map :PGame plays like a mid 90s RPG with some of the evoltion in game design from modern titles:music, voice work, and visual lighting effects, customization of HUD and Auto-Pause, color blind mode.10/10 solid cRPG"
76561198056863166,Recommended,291650,15113431,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Yuber,"I love this game. Only 5 hours in so far because I want to pace myself and not OD on it and hate it, but it's so fun. Great story telling, great mechanics, amazing music. And for me personally, hard as heck just on normal."
76561198008427022,Recommended,291650,15113608,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,XT,"This is like the next installment of BG, with 4E-style rules (per-encounter, per-rest abilities) and a few changes, like being able to build up your own fortress and take prisoners in it.  There's plenty of reading if you want it and yet you can skim the parts that don't interest you.  Also, there will be no rerolling chars endlessly.  You get a set number of points and no more.  No savescumming to min/max any more.If that's what you wanted, you will be very satisfied.  If that's not what you want, this isn't the game for you.The only real problems so far are some really dumb pathing during combat, but then I learned to pay more attention to whether my cursor had little feet on it to see if my mage was going to wander into melee to cast that spell and this has informed my spell selection.A few hints for people starting out:* Even Mages need MIGHT.  MIGHT == damage.  I don't get it either, but it does make this clear at character creation.* Use fast mode + sneak.  Why?  So you can find the hidden stuff (and not be too slow).  Sneak around suspect areas.* TAB highlights the goodies... but see above.  Hidden stuff won't appear via TAB until detected via sneaking.* There's hidden stuff everywhere, even in the middle of the wilderness.* Cast range is an important spell attribute.  Look for little feat on the cursor to see if you need to be closer.* Guns are OP.  There's no reason your wizard can't shoot one.* Always geek the mage first... and the priest.* If you sneak up to enemies then unload on them with a lot of powerful ranged weapons, the fight may end immediately.Good spells (I forget the silly names, so will just describe the effects):* Ice fog - long range + blind* Magic missile - range + single target damage* Confusion - especially good during some bounties* Fireball - an old favoriteRegarding the pre-release bonuses:* The pig does nothing.  It's a pet and you can get others in game (it's also worth nothing).* The ring is worth a pittance of gold, but it does give you 2x heal endurance on self per rest.  Useful early game, likely to be eclipsed later on."
,Recommended,291650,15113687,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Vencja,"What can change the nature of a man?This game can. I played it for 10 hours straight. Thanks, Avellone-chan."
76561198029605408,Recommended,291650,15115969,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Black13,"A MUST buy for RPG fans.  Fantastic writing, great story, good characters, good mechanics, great art style. Oh, and of course, an extremely in-depth character creator.    Loving everything about this game so far.    Lots of bugs currently (March 29th, 2015), but nothing that cant be fixed.  The foundation and design decisions are soilid."
76561198135681791,Recommended,291650,15116358,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Inex,"This is one of the best RPG's to come out in recent years. If you enjoyed Baldur's Gate, Icewinde Dale, Arcanum or Torment, you'll love this game.Highly recommended."
76561198030492823,Recommended,291650,15116409,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Dahl,Skipped my Easter vacation for this and got eaten by a zombie.10/10. Would die again.
,Recommended,291650,15116772,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,shridhardev1991,big heads + fast mode = epic fun!
76561198042742700,Recommended,291650,15116805,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Steve the Bro,"This game is just what I have been hoping for... Although Baldur's Gate is done as a series, it is great that they have made a spiritual successor! Thank you Obsidian Entertainment!"
76561197970536211,Recommended,291650,15170317,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Rishnu,"Well, this is clearly an Obsidian game.  As.. bugs.. more  bugs than a cheap motel.   More on that in a minute though.This is what an RPG should be in my opinion.  You can make your own custom characters, or not.  You can pick up people you meet in the world and take them along doing their story driven quests, or not.  You can build your little castle up, or not.  There is a lot of stuff in this game that if you do not wish to do you can skip.  You are never boxed into helping a companion with their side missions, but you will want to.  They are just that well written.  Each has their own personality, each has their own opinions about the things you do and see.Combat is also fun, but a challenge.  Early on I kept losing a fight in the endless dungeon.  A room full of Lizard people and a drake kept demolishing my party.  Finally I got it in my head that I was going to park my 2 heavy soldiers in a door way and use them to force the on coming enemies into a narrow path so I could control the situation better.  Sent my ranger out, shot a little lizard person for his attention and ran half way across the level to my waiting party all kinds of bad things in tow.  I owned that fight.  The fight that had beaten me several times before.  It was extremely rewarding to not only beat that battle but beat it in such away that none of my people took a lot of damage either.   Tactics matter.So the game is fun.  The game is compelling.  The game is also broken.   I cast a spell with my wizard Aloth (sadly he's the one that you meet not one I made) and now he can't do anything.  He can't swap weapons, he can't cast anymore spells.  Anything you hand him dissapears he is broken.   Other companions forget their spells when you take them out of your party for a while.  My chanter forgot most of his chants when I parked him at home for a while.  These are very frustrating things.  If you notice them quick enough you can just reload an earlier save and be alright with it.  If you don't and you save several times before picking up on the fact that your chanter in fact no longer chants it is not a really great feeling.  Also, I made a ranger, who comes with a companion pet.  If the pet dies and my character does not but I choose to reload because I did almost die or everyone else got killed my pet vanishes.  You can't leave the level, you have to gather your party before venturing forth.. but you can't because mr wolf is now in the ether.   It doesn't matter which save I load at that point he's gone in all of them until I completely quit the game and go back in.  Less of a problem than my wizard, but annoying.So.. bottom line is I'm pretty sure Aloth is just broken.  My chanter has forgotten the chants that seriously helped my party... and I think I am going to start over again and avoid the things that caused both of those problems.. and that should say everything.  It's busted but I'm still going to work through it.  It's a great game if you can overlook it's flaws."
76561197970284960,Recommended,291650,15126283,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Epoch,"25+ hours into the game and still interested, with plenty left to go. The amount of content is proportionate to the cost. If you like classic RPGs, dont let the pricetag deter you."
76561198004582992,Recommended,291650,15126299,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,LongShank,Great game for my RPG fix.
76561197970120110,Recommended,291650,15126806,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,moo moo buckaroo,"Baldurs Gate was the first PC game that got me in to PC Gaming and out of console gaming. Although it lingered with me for years and I still dabble in that disgusting art (console gaming) Baldurs Gate is forever in my mind one of the greatest games of all time. With me as well are many others who feel that the infinity engine was a golden age for PC RPG gaming. Unfortunately there has been somewhat of a dead era for games of this type with the occasional mess popping up here or there, but for the most part we've been left stagnant in this aspect of PC Gaming.FEAR NO MORE FRIENDS. Pillars of Eternity is here, thanks backers! The game is amazing. I feel like calling it amazing is an understatement. The lore of the world is amazing, the characters and their stories are good, although I will admit there is less characters than the BG series. For gameplays sake you can create as many as you want for your own party and mix and match and swap them out as you want and need to, which is very fun as the combat here is amazing.The story of the game which I'll admit I have not yet finished although I feel as though I've made some decent headway into is pretty awesome as well, it seems like more just keeps opening and what started as somewhat of a small scale incident with some open questions has been leading to some pretty grand scale things.As said the combat is amazing. It definitely feels like a modernized infinity engine game. While there is rest to refill uses of spells much like the DnD of old, there is also other systems such as accumulating resources by attacking to use abilities with unlimited use per rest abilities. So its like BG upgraded. Fighters are no longer just passive sit on target with either power strike mode on or off and the system for determining threat is pretty nice, as it has an engagement system where a warrior can be ""engaged"" with so many units, upgradeable through feats and abilities as well, where when engaged upon an enemy can't leave the engagement without being attacked.Playing on the hard difficulty (there is one difficulty above this) has been challenging and is something I miss from older RPGs and requires a lot of thought for the combat, and although some tactics are definitely seeming to be far superior to others, I would say it gives a lot of wiggle room in how you intend to play this game.10/10 would bang."
,Recommended,291650,15127011,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Janos,"This is seriously good. Not had so much fun in a rpg since Dragon Age: Origins. Just had an epic battle with a big dragon, my Paladin and my ranger's Bear companion blocking a doorway to take the dragon and all its minions one or two at a time so we didn't get overwhelmed, priests in the back throwing heals and buffs, rogue and ranger taking potshots with their pistol and bow, wizard hurling spells. I'm hooked!"
76561198047581164,Recommended,291650,15127450,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,bljalbert75,"I'm only a few hours into this game, so take this review for what it's worth...but having grown up playing IWD (probably my favorite RPG outside of the Ultima series) this game scratches an itch like no other game I've played in a very long time.  The graphics are good, the story seems to be unfolding well and the music is fantastic.  Character creation took a while and had a lot of depth -- possibly more than some folks who want fewer options and the ability to jump in more quickly.  Looking forward to managing a party with multiple NPCs.So far, no regrets to paying full price for this one -- I'm looking forward to enjoying this for a long time!"
,Recommended,291650,15128430,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Zedle,excellent
76561197992095508,Recommended,291650,15128473,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Chnmmr,"Short and sweet review here.A nod to the classics of Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale, the gameplay is somewhat solid, environments detailed and classes varied and unique.  Combat has that familiar feel to it while being unique in its own way by adding derived stats like accuracy and deflection to make combat more about landing hits and damage reduction rather than simple hit or miss AC based combat.  Classes have x per encounter and x per rest abilities similar to 4th edition Dungeon and Dragons.There are many pros to this game but some -big- cons in my opinion.PROS-Good graphics for the kind of game it is-Nice variety in races and classes to chose from-Interesting story so far-some memorable characters-Combat system that while odd in places, plays well and stands on its own two feet without depending on the BG legacy.-Game stability (no crash or significant bugs so far.)CONS- Endurance/health system is absolutely abysmal and in my opinion the worst thing about this game.  It is frustrating and counter intuitive and a real wtf if you come from a Infinity Engine background of games.- Wizards seem somewhat useless.  Too often I want enemy mages cripple my party while my own struggles to contribute with their spells.Overall I recommend this game but do not go into it expecting the Infinity Engine of 2015.  Not as good as Baldur's Gate or Planescape torment, but definitely good enough to be its own thing worth playing."
,Recommended,291650,15128991,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Mut,The true successor to the Baldur's Gate throne.
76561197969260406,Recommended,291650,15129166,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,iFEARdilemma!,"This game is a symbol for what the whole pc game genre is missing. -> a SOUL.Its a challenge, its intelligent, immersive and u must work and think to be rewarded.If you are tired by playing through one 60 $/€ cashcow game within 2 hours after release and beeing forced to buy overpriced nonsense dlcs over and over again.If you want more than just beeing entertained for a short time or beeing dissapointed and fooled by companies.Then buy this game.Even if you are not that interested in it, buying it & giving it a shot, will be a statement to what gamers deserve and what games should be like.This developer put effort in the game to create a unique world while openly communicating to us gamers, and the result is just awesome.If every developer would create games with such a mentality, no matter if its an rpg, shooter or whatever, the gamers would have a better experience playing games.They deserve to be supported.This is what a game should be like, and this is how the community should be treaded"
76561197970673574,Recommended,291650,15129336,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Exmatrix,"I'm an old gamer who played everything & I'm too lazy to write reviews. This is my 1st one ever, I just have to do this:Just buy it godamnit!"
76561197987355726,Recommended,291650,15092946,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Azkron,When I first reviewed this game I gave it a negative review because it had some mayor bugs that would not even let you continue playing the game. But shortly after release they have released a patch fixing everything and even adding new content.Now the only thing wrong with this game is that it eventually ends.Please buy the game so that the developers can fix that by releasing sequels ad infinitum.
76561197989259161,Recommended,291650,15189803,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,joaquin,Yes! Good! This! More games like this please! Moremoremore!
76561197985745051,Recommended,291650,15189837,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,hot_boy_ronald,"While not 100% polished with the rare bug (I've not encountered personally) and balancing issues, this game is a wonderful experience. I have not enjoyed a game this much in years. I can't keep away from playing it and developing my story within the game. The game is dynamic eough to feel as if my actions make a difference in the setting of the world. The combat can be tricky for those not used to the ""pause, command, unpause, watch action for 1 second, repause, comand, etc"".The comabt would do well if there was a system I saw most recently in Dragon Age, where you could enter predetermined scripts in for each party member and they would engage in combat accordingly.At this point I dont want to nit pick. Great game. Loads of fun. Enough typing, I'm going off to play some more."
76561198106982659,Recommended,291650,15190477,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,MrRight555,Neat Game! The interface is a lil quirky for me mostly use mouse I suppose. The story seems to play a big part and may require a little patience. I've only been playing a few days and it is becoming interesting. Not a game for little girls who are busy shaving!
76561198026450267,Recommended,291650,15190753,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,MemoryFade,"One of the best games in my library.If u r an BG addicted with this u can relive the old time.Very good story, very good sound and a superb graphics.Love it"
,Recommended,291650,15190868,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Space Mundo,Yummy like daddy's booze!
,Recommended,291650,15190878,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Staruck,"Hoping I have barely scratched the surface, but thus far this game is amazing. If you are a fan of the old baldur's gate games, welcome home. I honestly have that nostalgia again, taking me back to my fave games as a young one. Definitely worth the money and time, hope that obsidian stays on top of it and has content in the works. A+++++++++++++"
,Recommended,291650,15191978,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,runleveljames,"It's a real CRPG! I Haven't enjoyed an RPG on PC this much since I first played Arcanum.Pillars of Eternity manages to bring brilliant dialog, compelling story, and engaging character development... All while managing to bring the traditional CRPG difficulty down to a level where the newer generations of players should be able to enjoy and appreciate it!It'd be difficult to outline all of the areas where Pillars of Eternity shines. In my mind, having grown up on Black Isle titles and the like, PoE hits a home-run. The humor is there, hours upon hours of thought-provoking content is there, and old-school tried-and-true combat mechanics are definitely there.The visuals, while admittedly of least importance to me, are consistently stunning! The game world is a beautifully realized and artfully composed amalgamation of high fantasy and alternate-history industrial era design. Every gleaming surface of Adra jutting wildly from the earth instills a sense of wonder in me.I could go on and on, but there is so much to say that you'd be better served by just playing the game..."
,Recommended,291650,15192409,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,TheVaultMartyr,"My introduction to this genre whas Divinty: Original Sin, which I did not particularly enjoy due to the lacking story, personality, and unreasonable scaling difficulty. These issues are not to be found in Pillars of Eternity. I found myself act myself actually enjoying reading all of the dialogue, and a good portion of it has excellent voice-over. The story hooked me and I looked forward to uncovering the mysteries of the game. Unlike in Divinty, this game also boasts a world that feels grand in scale, coupled with its 60+ hour campaign makes for a very large, and deeply enjoyable experience."
76561198189709935,Recommended,291650,16568284,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ckf,"Man, what a ride! Obsidian really delivered on their promise. The game will certainly have an added appeal for any nostalgic Infinity Engine fan, but it's nevertheless a solid standalone effort delivering outstanding gameplay. After putting in about 70 hours into a single playthrough, here are my five cents:The pros (in no particular order):1) Infinity engine. It helps PoE imbue the adventure with a sense of wonder and immersion that has been missing from the recent AAA titles. I've put in more than 100 hours into Dragon Age: Inquisition, and while the visuals were great, I couldn't shake off the feeling of the world being too inanimate and generic. Same goes for Skyrim, which, while joyfully interactive, suffered from predictable copy-and-paste patterns in many of its environments. Paradoxically, while Infinity Engine is supposed to basically present the environment as an isometric drawing, it really makes the world come alive and feel inhabited not only by the PCs, but by everyone else, including the foes you encounter. The artwork here is top-notch, with every area, including, for example, such mundane things as inns, having a unique feel and presentation that really urges you to explore every bit of it.2) Exploration. PoE plays like a true RPG should, with traps, surprises, hidden passways and more to be found in every cave and dungeon. And they feel very organic and logical. The game is brimming with content, and a small dungeon level can easily take up 40+ minutes of game time even without any wipes. And yet it never feels repetitive, as you always have a sense of purpose. There is a 15-level dungeon, and all of the levels are interesting in their own way. This speaks volumes about the approach of Obsidian, and it's really showing. Having a pen-and-paper RPG cut-ins (texts that describe you jumping over a ridge etc.) was also a greatly appreciated touch.3) Combat. Hands down, this is the best combat system of any RPG I played, and I started with Might&Magic 6 back in the day. It elegantly improves on the classic D&D formulas that were so awesomely implemented by BioWare in Baldur's Gate, and makes combat dynamic and enjoyable. It also feels very balanced, with different character classes adding different flairs to the whole gig. I guess the greatest compliment to the combat system is that you are forced to use different tactics throughout the game, not just stick to the same ""optimal"" formula for every encounter (I'm looking at you, Dragon Age). As in any true RPG, the combat in PoE strarts with carefully selecting gear for your party. The system that Obsidian came up with (balance between attack speed, damage, interrupt chance, recovery speed, damage reduction and accuracy/deflection) is so obvious and fair that I'm inclined to call it genius. I have played pen-and-paper D&D starting with 2nd edition, and this honestly beats any of the systems that they had, which is saying something.4) Gear. I just love the fact that while there is an abundace of loot in the game, you are not spoiled for choice when it comes to equipping your guys. There are no overpowered ""no-brainer"" choices in PoE, and it all comes down to balancing everything. Item buffs don't stack, which is a great little tweak that does wonders for you item and party management. Enchanting is also realized very well, but I have to say that IMHO Dragon Age did crafting better.5) Story. Of course, with the game coming from Obsidian, it shouldn't come as a suprise, but the story in PoE is great. It doesn't necessarily reach BG2's or Fallout2's heights, but it's compelling and balanced. The team set out to introduce you to a new campaign setting (i.e. world), and they achieve just that, with you steadily gathering information and making sense of the whole history of the region the game unfolds in. That, to me, proved to be a very important aspect, because the main plot ties into the whole context of the world history brilliantly, and they basically enrich one another. There are enough fantasy tropes in play for the story to be accessible for any type of player, and while nuances are there for an inquisitive player to unearth and enjoy, you can do just fine without them.6) Companions. PoE can't quite match the nuanced stories and personalities that BioWare offered for DA:I's companions, but interaction with them is still perfectly enjoyable. I loved some of the routes Obsidian decided to go with companions' quests, with most of them having thought-provoking, satisfying conclusions.The cons (in no particular order):1) A.I. Such a compelling combat system would be much better served by a stronger A.I. Opponents are not the brightest bulbs, and your party members will often run around frantically, lose track of their orders and generally require micromanagement, especially in tighter underground encounters. This has been a feature of virtually every Infinity Engine game, and it's kind of sad to still experience it in 2015. But this is a minor frustration, with key encounters wisely giving you the space you need to operate.2) Voice acting. While it's admirable for such a low-budget project to have so much voice acting, it leaves much to be desired. While the dialogues themselves are quite ok (although they do suffer from being a bit too ""generic fantasy"" at times), the delivery is sometimes cheesy and uninspired. The game also insists on adding flavor text describing emotions and behaviour of the person you are talking too, and while it worked really well for me in general, adding voice acting on top of that text makes both hard to follow and enjoy.3) Size of the world. I feel kind of guilty mentioning this, but PoE could really use more areas to be explored. The game is filled with content as it is, but I can't help but think back to the sense of wonder that the first Baldur's Gate brought with its myriad optional areas. The average size of an area in PoE is also not that large. I guess you could squeeze out about 100 hours of gameplay by doing absolutely everything, but that's it. I'm not a big ""replay value"" kind of guy, and I just wish that the game delivered more content, since the content that is in the game is absolutely outstanding. The world map is also a bit deceiving in this regard, with large area left without any of the zones to discover and explore.Overall, I highly recommend this game to any RPG fan. It's a solid 9/10 in my book. I'm very excited for the upcoming expansion, because this is the type of world that really draws you in and clearly has more stories to tell.P.S. I mostly play on consoles now, but I had no trouble hooking up my laptop to the TV and just kicking back with a remote keyboard/mouse, ps4-style. I had no problem whatsoever with reading text in the game. And, contrary to some opinions, I didn't think that there was too much reading involved."
,Recommended,291650,16556725,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,TweAk,holy ducking shot this is perfect
76561197970163812,Recommended,291650,16558053,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,HolyAssassin,Excellent RPG in the vein of Baulder's Gate and Icewind Dale.  Playing on the hardest difficulty is quite the challenge.
,Recommended,291650,16604164,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Tin Drum,I could spend days in this gameworld.
76561198098042809,Recommended,291650,16606078,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Romanchik777,"Its Really really awesome!, like oldscholl Pc WRPG games.There are 3 + and -+gameplay+ storyline+ atmoshpere-lotta loading screens-small letters and some interface symbols-there are no AI combat customisation"
76561198087472450,Recommended,291650,16609246,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Puggalufagus,"I won't lie, party-style games like this are VERY unfamiliar to me, and I was kind of expecting to not be blown away by this game. However, I quickly had my *** handed to me by the scope of this game, it's gorgeous visuals, and a plot that both required some brainpower and also avoied being ridiculously convoluted. Very good at mixing serious moments and tough moral questions with extremely funny commentary. Eder cracked me up even during the most serious of missions."
,Recommended,291650,16667480,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Bill Murray,11/10 - Just earned my keep. Figured out how to equip dog
76561198014846255,Recommended,291650,16667907,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,ImABabyPeanut,"Alright, at one hundred sixty four hours into playing it, I have completed just about everything except all the companions and the ones relating to Path of the Damned.  I have to say that I really enjoyed playing it.The plot is surprising deep and you can explore as much or as little of the details as you want without loosing too much of the experience.  One thing that I will have to warn of is the intermittent voice acting and the quirkiness of some of the paths your party members take (ie: they ocasionally get stuck on environmental objects or just glitch out just standing here)."
76561198007130601,Recommended,291650,17575640,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,kluhr1,Great game! If you liked Baulders Gate then PoE is for you. Its a new world with a new story and it you like old school RPGs like Baulders Gate then you will love PoE!!!
76561198039770894,Recommended,291650,15082489,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Roguehandle,If you liked the Baulder's Gate and Icewind Dale series than you would like this game. The characters you meet and the stories you find are great. There is just one warning though.CombatIt can be unforgiving. Some older tactics will not work. Think outside the box and use EVERYTHING to your advantage. The game will not hold your hand in combat. Get out of your comfort zone and kill the enemy but most importantly..have fun! I am..:)
76561197992712289,Recommended,291650,15082601,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,schlitzmaltliquor,"If you enjoy Baldur's Gate or Icewind Dale you will like it.  So far on normal difficulty, it is not too hard but I have had to avoid a few unnecessary fights or get Full Party Wipe.There are a few bugs it seems, Particularly the game will freeze momentarily every so often."
76561197978374804,Recommended,291650,15082603,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Faded Tiger,Amazing. Baulders gate for the current generation. Everything I hoped it would be!
76561197985727954,Recommended,291650,15082648,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Trap,Great Game! Worth the money definitely.
76561198141711702,Recommended,291650,15083548,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,adamlink747,"This game scratches the itch I was hoping Dragon age inquisition would.  It is the new and improved baldurs gate, and is worth every penny and then some. 9.5/10 for me"
76561198058081011,Recommended,291650,15082587,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Shindo L,Get kill by a bear simulator20/0.2
,Recommended,291650,15083662,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,faded082,best RPG released in years.  Obsidian and Paradox have out done themselves with this release.
,Recommended,291650,15083689,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,HoboForEternity,"THE RPG the world has been waiting for.no console dumbing down, huge expansive world, tightly written dialogue, challenging combat, cast of great memorable characters, everything you need in an RPG.a True RPG trough and trough"
76561198008896498,Recommended,291650,15083784,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,PWN,"Wow, this game is amazing. The lore is great and the quests remind me of Oblivion. Overall It has a D&D like style, which goes to a in depth extreme. If you like D&D and a fun, thinking required game. Then you will greatly enjoy Pillars of Eternity!"
,Recommended,291650,15083906,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Posi,"Obsidian and Paradox, two amazing companies, came together to develop and release this game. That great a combination could probably speak for itself, this game is good."
,Recommended,291650,15084060,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Venfu,Great game that finally brings thinking back to combat. This is definately not a button spamming game.
,Recommended,291650,15084380,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,kokochris,Within 20 minutes you will be transported back to the good ole' days of the RPG golden years.
76561198129765148,Recommended,291650,15084437,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,tankooo,EPIC
,Recommended,291650,15084497,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Snakespeare,This is the most fun I've had in an RPG in at least 7 years.10/10
,Recommended,291650,15085178,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,› Schadbot,"I absolutely LOVE this game. The story has me questioning my own morality. Nothing is as it seems, every person you meet in game has a dark and a light side, every decision has good and bad consequences. Try tiptoeing through this one without making enemies..."
,Recommended,291650,15085249,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,demi,"A really great game, true blast from the past.+ fantastic writing, dialogues, lore - world feels believable. Books are well written and interesting.+ character creation is very deep, rich detail and customization+ good music, great sounds. Some dialogues are vocalised.+ graphics feel like hand painted, fit right in with the story and create superb atmosphere.+ hits that sweet spot of nostalgia for those who played games like Baldurs Gate, Fallout 1/2.Combat is a +/- as it's really good, but it will take some time for people to understand how it really works. There are many disappointed voices claiming it's either bugged or broken. I think it's just different and one has to understand the importance of active pause and positioning of party on the field to fully enjoy it.- There is really only one thing I'm not OK with in this game. Not enough 'life'. Towns/villages seem a bit empty, dungeons, roads could use some more random wildlife, gusts of wind, birds flying away etc..  <- this might get rectified and maybe devs will populate this world with some nice details. make it more 'alive' so to speak."
76561197996662968,Recommended,291650,15085348,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Seaspite,"Fantastic game!  This game is a great reminder of what so many have been missing in game design the last few years.Great storyGreat combatGreat atmosphereIf you ever played Baldur's Gate, the orginal Fallouts or an isometric RPG from the 90s, you will not want to miss this!"
,Recommended,291650,15085412,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,peb,Loving every second of it so far.
76561198013794131,Recommended,291650,15085464,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,muglump,"This is absolutly fantastic, I grew up playing games such as BG, IWD, and other such classic CRPGs. This game is possibly one of the best RPGs I have seen in years and is totally on par with the classics. The game is extremely challenging and I would suggest it to anyone who loved the classics and would like to play a new adventure with new twist but a similar feel to the classics."
76561198062633138,Recommended,291650,15085581,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Ethical Aberrant,"""Ituumak! Leave the pig alone!""This game is beautiful."
,Recommended,291650,17263086,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,└MorFik┘,"This game is awesome!!! If you ever played in Baldurs Gate, Icewind Dale, Planescape Torment you gonna love this game!!! In game engine there is a lot of bug fixed compare to older games. More easy to play, less bugs in the maps. Unless imho the feeling of the game was better in BGII. Because of not so empahics characters, no love affairs... Idk but i feel like i can play this game solo and not much loose. I cannot say that there are no interactions between teammates cose there are a lot but something is missing.I hope there will be a lot of DLC and new advantures because the engine, the world, the mechanics, the stronghold mode have a lot of opportunities to be expand!!!I think that there will be a lot of houers Ill spend in this game and try to end it in a couple deferent ways!"
,Recommended,291650,17263973,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,4d3d3d3d,Best cRPG in years
76561197970742305,Recommended,291650,17272153,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Sole,"Yep, get this one if you enjoyed Baldours or Dragon Age."
,Recommended,291650,17336657,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,theredsox,"Above average RPG, 7 out of 10. -1 for some annoying bugs, -1 for some unintuitive menu/UI elements/quests, -1 for a story I just could never get that invested in. Though in general a fun and worthwhile game to have adventured through."
76561198052405764,Recommended,291650,17348530,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Fliegende KinderScheiße,One of the best games of its type that I've ever played.  I loved it.
,Recommended,291650,17289149,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Dieforsins,"TWO games I ever played with such a intertwined story, that'll you only would play just for the story is this, and The Last of Us.What other game can you play that has a elf with a spirit of a dawrven women?"
76561198030866835,Recommended,291650,17330780,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Smulch,Great game if you like the genre!
,Recommended,291650,17331726,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,[E12] rickyfox,"Pillars of Eternity manages to capture the spirit of RPG classics like Baldurs Gate without relying on it too much. The game presents a well designed setting with many possibilities in terms of character developement (race, classes, traits etc) and group layout.The story is somewhat high-fantasy without seeming too over the top, fitting well into the game's setting. A good amount of side quests allows for a good 'yield' of game time without seeming stretched."
76561198023471986,Recommended,291650,18119839,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Roid Panda,"Nostalgic, topical, painful, heart-felt...this game had me hoping there would be closure for my companions and that though this is just a fantasy game, there are comparisons to real-life racism, anomie, and conflict. Sometimes there is an obvious moral high ground,  many times there is no right or wrong choice. Will you choose to to be emotional, benevolant, rational, or cruel in your dealings. Your attitude will create a reputation that follows you in the game. While I have not completed this game at the time of this review, I have a foreboding sense that the ending will be pyrrhic."
76561197994263286,Recommended,291650,18126583,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Clinic,Fantastic game if you enjoy these sorts of games.  Tons and tons of gameplay to enjoy.  I had to play the game on a low difficulty level because it can be very hard.Check it out.
76561197968262253,Recommended,291650,18127123,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,onryone,"Good story, graphics are superb, interesting puzzles.  I was engaged throughout.  Not a Diablo clone by any means."
76561198017657942,Recommended,291650,15185495,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Duncan,5/5 freakin awesome!
76561198028791757,Recommended,291650,15186614,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,bakakyo,My cypher is bugged and Im still playing
76561197966103450,Recommended,291650,15187759,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,NA1,"So, have you played the Baldur's Gate series?Yeah, this is Baldur's Gate 3, with everything that made BG awesome, and everything that made BG annoying either fixed, changed, or removed.  This is better than Baldur's Gate."
,Recommended,291650,15097843,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Leif Loket Olsson,About 10 hours in and it feels like this might be the best game I've ever played. Simply beautiful.
76561197997089521,Recommended,291650,15143063,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,#DWB#Diamond Says,"I used too make love to my wife most of my free time but PoE is here and things changed, i now sleep next too my computer."
76561198035915202,Recommended,291650,15143656,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Blackjack010,"Jep, it's nice."
,Recommended,291650,15144124,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Batsdom,"I had always wanted to go back and play the Balder's Gate Series but with such progressive fantasy RPG games like Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim and Dragon Age Series, I had a difficulty reverting back to older mechanics. PoE seemlessly combines the old school aesthetic with new age controls and mechanics. Obsidian Software has never disappointed and this game is proof that if you give a developer the creative freedom to do their own thing that they can deliver, and that is exactly what PoE did. This is one of the best fantasy RPGs I have ever played, on par with the Elder Scrolls and Dragon Age series. I am only ten hours in but the expansiveness of the world is simultaenously exciting and terrifying. PoE is equally rewarding and punishing while maintaining an engaging sense of strategy that comes from it's Dungeons & Dragons influences. If you are looking to a throwback to the earlier days of fantasy RPGs then Pillars of Eternity is for you.This game is like playing an endless campaign of D&D but with no friends required."
76561198044403433,Recommended,291650,15144618,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,agony_or_lust,"Though steam shows only 4 hours play-time (I played now roughly 10 hours with two different characters) I am now finally happy to write an review. I was eager for the game and bought the ""highest"" edition to support the idea (and possible future releases in this series).Downside:There are still some minor hick-ups, e.g. the often mentioned AA-Problems with cut-scenes (especially on a mac it seems) as well as that my figures often keep on running on the spot while the rest of the team stopped. Besides that it works really fluently and Obsidian already promised a fix for these first problems.Upside:Just clean and simple: Everything! I waited such a long time for this kind of game and though Divinity: Original Sins was also quit nice it had not this kind of combat, story and atmosphere! I do not want to compare it with wasteland 2, as both are very different in their approach and combat (though I backed Wasteland 2) - and both games together give me hope for this genre.So for everybody who wants to play finally an in-depth RPG with great tactical combat, an gorgeous storyline and outstanding character creation/development should definitely buy this game!I played first as a chanter, thought I now switched to a Godlike - Moon Paladin as I wanted to be more on the frontline (and a great chanter character is anyway later on in the team)."
76561197970611705,Recommended,291650,15145447,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Lupin500,Amazing gameplay and great story!
76561197975777665,Recommended,291650,15145684,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,be_my_neighbor,"Great game! A worthy ""successor"" to Baldurs Gate"
,Recommended,291650,15145742,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,aeshec,"This game is ...1. The best storytelling experience in a game I've experienced in around a decade2. An amazing game from a strategic sense (you can't faceroll with a Wizard)3. A game that harkens back to a difficulty in RPGs that hasn't existed for a while now but that still allows players to experience a proper ""easy"" mode.4. A game that contains a beautiful soundtrack and impressive art design.5. A game that does a great job of awarding those that actually READ dialog/quests and who explore the world.6. A game that does an excelent job at transporting the player into a different world."
76561198052835809,Recommended,291650,15147069,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Mr. Poopy Butthole,"Great game. Love the create-an-adventurer, because my only complaint is there aren't enough NPC's and they're sort of lame."
,Recommended,291650,15147313,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Partizan,"Great game, brings back many memories :)"
,Recommended,291650,15295723,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,h3st,Ending made me reconsider at least one of the choices I*d made during the game. I like that.
76561198007491450,Recommended,291650,15196312,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Ezze,"Original ReviewIf you liked Baldurs gate ... you'll like this.   Good story, not super easy... options to make it even harder, also a perma death option.The class system has a little spin on it... interesting classes, races and bonuses... you will spend alot of time on character creation.Not many cut scenes, but good speech options/choices.    Hopefully obsidian doesnt get bought by EA like Bioware.    Next thing this game needs OR in the next Pillars... MULTIPLAYER/COOP.Update April 10 2015:Beat the game, actually want to play through this game again.    Best rpg I have played in awhile.Cheers."
76561198026456885,Recommended,291650,15296629,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,sdmaturin,Even better than Baldur's Gate - if such a thing is possible.
76561198084863143,Recommended,291650,15296277,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Rose,yes
76561198108244666,Recommended,291650,15072974,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,dundoshuil,I can't believe how they can make such an immersive beautiful game and not make walking possible.. Characters are always running everywhere. Sad for me :(Now the IE mod  for Pillars of Eternity includes a walking option! I have been playing the game and have been really enjoying it.
,Recommended,291650,15287755,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,vampyre78,"Wizards...With guns...Fatigued party, looking to take a break.  Round the next corner a Xaurip warrior charges towards the exhausted group.  Before anyone else can react, the wizard pulls out an arquebus and blows the lizard to kingdom come.11/10 would delay resting again.Oh and did I mention it has wizards....With guns!"
,Recommended,291650,15288651,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Kipex,"Being one of the first success stories of Kickstarter, Obsidian Entertainment received massive funding for Pillars of Eternity. As you play through the game you can see that money was well spent creating and polishing up an astounding amount of lore. It is at times overwhelming how much content and text was written for this game.The story is set in the world of Eora where you as a foreigner arrive in Dyrwood in search of a place to settle. Through unforeseen circumstances you are attacked and forced to escape to the nearby ruins, where you witness a grand supernatural event which awakens newly found powers in you. So you begin your quest to find out what has happened to both the world and you yourself.Mechanically it is much like you would expect a classic RPG to be. You create a character -in my case a Pale Elf Ranger with a wolf companion- and start your adventure. Throughout the game you meet new people to group up with and can hire and create new characters if you feel like you wish to have more control over your party of 6. Fighting through realtime combat which can be paused to issue commands, earning reputation, questing, exploring and even developing a stronghold of your own, the game has a variety of different things to keep you busy.My only real complaint is that the story took a little bit too long to really get going. The last third of the game was definitely my favorite simply because you finally understood more of the underlying story and what your overarching goal is. Before it seemed at times a little trivial to be questing and earning reputation with only glimpses of the underlying story, which made me lose a bit of interest. Still, wanting to find out what the story is all about made me push through the boring bits and finish the game.If you enjoy more of the action side of the RPG genre, be aware of the amount of reading involved. Pillars of Eternity is a great classic RPG and for fans of old Black Isle games like Baldur's Gate, this game is definitely a must buy."
76561198038542513,Recommended,291650,15108982,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Old Man Mordaith,"This game is pretty darn amazing. So much to do. Do you got that Baulders Gate Itch? Can't exactly stomach the clunkier older game?This has taken the old school RPG and refined it. Brought a modren sensibility to it. And made it look gorgeous with out sacrificing gameplay and content.I won't spoil things for you, but the amount of options and things you are able to do, the player agency, is mind blowing.Everytime I sit down to play, I find myself going ""This game is letting me do what? That is fantastic!""Want a old school RPG for the now audience? Want a single player experience that isn't bogged down with forcing you on one path? Want options and an actual RPG experience - not just an action game with an level system holding back options?This is the game for you. Worth the full price. Worth the time. And I'm sure it is going to be worth the replay."
76561197968577891,Recommended,291650,15109205,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Dungeoncrawler69,"Love the art style, and it has flowing capes.  What more needs to be said?"
,Recommended,291650,15109563,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Winzzy,"Pillars of Eternity was hailed as the spiritial successer to the infinity engine games of the 90s and emmediately peeked my interest.  You see it harkens back to the golden age of my own PC gaming years and is a style of game that is my all time favorate.  The thing is the game doesn't rely on nastalgea to suck you in.  It is a compitaent and fun RPG in its own right.I am very happy to have purchased it and am enjoying my first playthrough emmensly.  The game isn't perfect by anymeans and I do not forsee it dethroning Baldur's Gate II as my favorate game of all time, but I recomend it without reservation to anyone who enjoyed the infinity engine games of yore.The game doesn't hold your handIt doesn't document all of the machanics well (and there are many)It can be unforgiving and difficult unless you have solid strategies and party managment skills.It requires micromanagmentI have enjoyed the story so far and find it compellingI highly recomend it and it has become one of my favorate games released in the past few years."
76561198035039004,Recommended,291650,15109667,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Atech66,"In the shortest possible way.. everything you have read thats been raved about and hyped is true..  Its a big, long, beautiful, finely tuned, great and deep game"
,Recommended,291650,15109712,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,tru3l0ve,"Holly sh... this what i am looking for, the game is totally awesome, i dont know how to say but when u play such games u feel of creators by u soul, like good book, good story, awesome dangeons... 5++++ (from 1-5)"
,Recommended,291650,15110321,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Nilceps,"Do you like RPGs like Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale then you'll like this. Did you never play those games? Well if Dragon Age: Inquisition felt too easy then why not give this one try for some complicated hard combat."
76561198103299401,Recommended,291650,15110617,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Saddam,New Baldurs Gate!!Pros :1. Oldschool rpg2. Good graphics3. Interesting gameplayMake multiplayer and take my money!
76561198120400211,Recommended,291650,15135320,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,SoggMeadMug,"great game, not too hard, not easy. Im a beginner with these types of games, and after some internet searching, I am able to play it quite well. :) . worth the smalll price."
76561198066476544,Recommended,291650,15135356,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Everend Dracmarr,"Hands down one of the best games I have played in the last 10 years. I was sucked in the first 10 minutes and it hasnt let me go since. I always really enjoyed this type of gameplay in an RPG, and PoE delivers in spades. I'm very impressed with the volume, as well as the content, of the writting. Its a shame some other developers cant take a cue from this title and stop dumbing games down. I, as well as many others enjoy a challenge. We dont need plot spoonfed to us. I want to investigate. Divintiy Orignal Sin proved that.In short, after a 2 hour session of gaming. I came away feeling less like I had just played a videogame, and more like I just finsihed a session of a pen and paper RPG. Something I miss dearly.I find this title to be a great homage to an old formula, but improved in some ways. Either way, this game just plain rocks."
76561197993952753,Recommended,291650,15135375,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,SlickWillee,Very good game reminds me of early work.
,Recommended,291650,15135406,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,BrassBass,"""The game that saved Obsidian Entertainment!"" -the truthOh, sweet Satan's phallus!  Pillars of Eternity is by-far the greatest RPG I have ever played.  Post-release bugs aside, I can't stop playing this game.  Amazing companion characters that can be replaced with your own creations when they die.  Open-ended gameplay, a player owned and operated stronghold with a tax-collection system, and even the optional challange of going it all alone!  (Are YOU a bad enough dude to beat the game this way?)There is a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game.  The only reason you wouldn't like Pillars is because you hate RPGs.  In that case, go f*ck yourself."
76561197976565150,Recommended,291650,15135682,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Boris The Bullet Dodger,"Played that game for 30 hours and im realy impressed.Amount of details, story, replayability-playtime value is just top!For all  Baldur's gate - Xcom - Dragon age  fans out there its a must-have."
76561198007831561,Recommended,291650,15135831,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Nordberg,BETTER than whatever Evan is playing right now.
76561197984206309,Recommended,291650,15135969,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Ebb2012,"Heck yes. Havent been wrapped up in a game like this for awhile. Complex in system and interesting in storyline. Hell I could steel story ideas for good roleplaying adventures off of most of the crazy ""soul stories"" you read off some npc's."
76561197975148573,Recommended,291650,15136128,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Cheeb,"This is a must own for any RPG fan. Beautiful art, great soundtrack, deep character cusomization, fabulous story. No reason to wait for a sale, this is a day one purchase."
76561198128696531,Recommended,291650,15136655,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Derek,"The game is fun, with lots of depth and detail. Im enjoying the journey so far,  Ive reach act one i think. Im new to these kind of games so my combat is just a bunch of guys running around. 10/10 lots to learn.WHY ISNT IT CO-OP!!!!!!! please update that!!!!!"
76561198051642580,Recommended,291650,15137204,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,WordtoYoMother,If you loved Icewind Dale I &II you will love this game.
76561197997139760,Recommended,291650,15138043,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Snotter,Such a great story that keeps you coming back for more. Can get tough in parts and definately doesn't hold your hand. It's a shame I'm finding a LOT of bugs with a couple that have made progressing in certain quests impossible. Hopefully a patch will be issued to fix these really annoying problems.
76561197999659689,Recommended,291650,15138324,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Twiz Amber,"If you love Baldurs Gate, then you will love this, its a worthy updated version of the genre, with a very solid story.  This game is a must buy!"
,Recommended,291650,15075527,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,mvorkosigan,"I am totally dumbstruck by this game. This evening has been like the one I unwrapped Baldur's Gate and showed it to my younger brothers. We spent well into the night the three of us playing taking turns at the keyboard. Now I am 36, I have a kid of my own and here I am, writing a stupid Steam review at 1.16am.This is it. The real thing. CRPGs are back with a vengeance and I am a happy camper. The mechanics - the strategy in the magic battles, the positioning - that I loved so much are right there and streamlined as in 'made more agile' rather than 'dumbed down'. Pillars of Eternity is a true work of art, as far videogames can be considered as such. When I read that I would find a painstakingly recreation of the Infinity Engine with 2015 technology I thought, 'pah, bullsh*t'. But they were right and I was wrong, this is what Beamdog's reboot of the Baldur's Gate franchise should have been but wasn't.I think I have spotted a couple glitches - some dubious pathfinding, animations for character firing up at odd moments. Besides that, Pillars of Eternity is one of the most stable games to come out of the box for me in a couple months (having a GTX 670, and Windows 8.1 with the latest nvidia drivers seems to be wrong in some cosmic and fundamental way, I don't know). It is also, as far as I can recall, the first Obsidian game I have ever played that hasn't crashed on me right after release.And the writing... where I found Wasteland 2 writing to be rather disappointing, but in this case I must say that I need to take my hat off. Even those who have read pretty much all the good fantasy written in the last 50 years will find the tale here quite interesting. I personally love the rather sombre undertones, that do remind me a lot of Michael Moorcock's stories about Elric of Melnibone.So it is old school as in being hard as nails - stuff doesn't level to match your level, and that's makes you painfully aware of the limitation on your skills, both in and out of the game. But there are a number of innovations that I find quite interesting - and I am still trying to adapt to:* Character progression. As usual, characters accrue experience from killing creatures and quests. Nothing new here. The new bit comes when one observes that the experience from killing critters is capped. That is, once you have killed a certain number of these they become 'known' and further murdering of monsters of the same type doesn't yield any XP. I find very immersive to see how the Bestiary - a section of the in-game encyclopedia - gets populated with more details - both of tactical relevance and lore - as you 'progress' in your knowledge of that class of monsters.* It is weird to put this under 'innovations', but I think it is quite novel. In Pillars of Eternity, ""Hard"" stands for ""Hard As Nails"", and  ""Normal"" stands for ""Less Hard, But Quite Hard"". One of the things that makes this game quite hardcore is that you're limited by the amount of supplies to rest and 'recharge' spells. At Hard you can carry around at most 2 points of supply, at Normal just 4. This complicates dungeon crawling substantially. In BG1 / BG2 you could rest pretty much wherever you wanted and whenever you needed. Not in Pillars of Eternity. This introduces a bit of busy work - you have to go back and forth to inns to resupply or rest there, and may feel a bit of an immersion breaker... Yet I must say that for now, it is still stimulating to have to assess whether or not use that cleric or wizard spell that comes so handy when you're outnumbered by shadows and phantoms, when you know that you are out of supplies and the alternative is to backtrack all the way to the town...Well done Obsidian, and I look forward to more titles made on top of this wonderful engine.PS: This is a review in progress - as I learn more about the game, I will be posting more observations."
,Recommended,291650,15197163,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,toondude10,Mabey someday kids wont play with sharp knives...... but today is not that day.   10/10
76561197986525430,Recommended,291650,15170060,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Pyrannosaurus,Changed my review to positive now that the patch has fixed some major bugs. Very deep and well written game.
76561198059695253,Recommended,291650,15192670,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Kungfufishstick,"Pillars of Eternity is exactly what I needed. I loved Baldur's Gate, as well as games similar to it (Champions of Norrath), and this game is a fantastic throwback.Buy this game!10/10 would throw a sharp dagger to a child again"
,Recommended,291650,15193428,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Humblebrag,This game is awesome.  Once they fix the bugs it will be great.  Hopefully the expansion is even better.
,Recommended,291650,15193594,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,lunchweek,One of the best RPGs I've ever played. Thanks Obsidian.
,Recommended,291650,15195267,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Compassion is paramount,After finishing my first playthrough I am only disappointed that it's already to late at night to begin another one. While there are certainly issues with the game they are vastly overshadowed by the extremely engaging story & atmospheric world building. Combat is enjoyable and there are several fun sidekicks you pick up along the way to help you murder your way through the countryside.
76561198102419617,Recommended,291650,15120138,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,todd.hillermann,"Barely over 3 hours in and already this game has its hooks deep in my brain and I couldn't be happier. Getting that old familiar feeling from when I first discovered RPGs like Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale back in college. The story writing is so good that you might stop and say ""Wow, that's good writing"" while it's happening. Characters are real and voice acting is excellent. Environments are so fun to look at and I love how the musical score floats in and out so that it never gets old. Can't wait for all the hours to come!"
76561198005759485,Recommended,291650,15316813,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,bouchard_670,"Pillars of Eternity is an extremely well crafted Isometric RPG.Fans of games like Baldur's Gate should definitely pick that one up without a second thought.The story is well written, characters are interesting and their stories are engaging.The gameplay is great, there's the occasional glitch here and there but nothing thatbreaks the fun or the immersion. As of length, with all the side quests, tasks, bounties and whatnot, you can easilygo through a 60-70 hours of exploration and fun. Also, for the ''Role Playing'' fans, there's plenty to be found andit's done the right way. In my opinion this game's a must for all single-player RPG fans.I'm givin' it a 8.5/10"
76561197999957065,Recommended,291650,15324114,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Binary Stylus,"OK - I have to recommend this game £1 per hour of gameplay is good.  And if you like this sort of thing you will like this game very much.  Some people will get a lot more than 37 hours out of it too I am sure.However.  I think it isn't as good as everyone makes it out to be.  This sems to be one of those titles where if you say anything negative, anything at all negative, about it you get shouted down, very aggressivly.  So I'm coming here and writing a semi-negative review after getting shouted down in their forum.The main issue with the game seems to be that there is absolutly no way to move on in it in certain senarios.  An adventurer you buy from the pub doesn't seem to level at anything like the rate of the rest of your party, I got one at level 3, she's still level 3, but the rest of that party is now half way to level 6, 6K vs 12K xp.  I could trade her in and buy another one. . . .But why?  It's possibly I bought her just before I turned level 4, and she was just level 3. . .but she is only half way to 4 and the rest of us are nearly at 6 now?  That sucks TBH - I know the pub characters aren't supposed to be part of the RPG experience - but I was writing my own narrative for mine in my head.  But now she's too far behind to keep?!!!!  You can't grind anything to help them level up either.  So ""Adventurers"" bought from the pub seem to be pointless.Second issue.  Abilities.  You can use them once or twice per rest.  Often times they miss though when you try to use them.  So they are useless.  You are fighting a significant opponent - and want to use something decisive, one of your cool-downs so-to-speak, because you want your team to survive this fight without taking too much damage, so you use your really expensive ability.  And reliably; it misses.  It will always miss.  Why?  Well - really powerfull opponents have good dodge.  Trash mobs don't.  You would want to use these abilities against the big powerfull opponents.  But there is no point, because you will miss.  They dodge about 90% of everything you throw at them.  Including your special 2 use abilities.  So the most expensive abilities in the game are only any good at insta-popping trash mobs, (that you can kill with a sword anyway).  So most abilities are a total waste of time.So your party took a lot of damage and now you want to rest and get some of your less pointless abilities back, (there are heals and stuff like that and they don't miss - so you can actually rely on them).  Well now you have to travel back to town, unless you've got camping supplies.  But considering you need to use camping supplies after every battle to get your cool downs back again, which miss whenever you don't just waste them on trash mobs, and you only get 6 of these supplies at any time. . . . You fight. . . .  abilities all miss. . . .  so you take loads of damage just using a sword and sheild. . . .rest. . . .repeat 6 times . . .travel to town and then fid out they have completely run out of camping supplies!!!!!So then you come face to face with a dragon.  And the dragon is supported by an army.  And there is one single enemy preist.  And that Preist can out heal all your damage.  It never seems to run out of its special abilities.  All your powerfull abilities miss the dragon - Of Course they do!!!!!  While the dragon AOE's your team to death in one go.  It paralyses and stuns them too - so not only do you miss 90% of the time, you are also non-operational 90% of the time too! Yay.  The dragon never misses, of course.  But it has high stats - so you can't even hit it with even a shotgun blunderbus type thing.  I kinda just laughed at this.  TBH - I knew what was going to happen before it did. . . . I think this is supposed to be ""Hardcore"" gaming, I think they are making a statement or something.  I think they are trying to out-do Dark Souls or some♥♥♥♥♥♥like that.So in the game - I'd just got my base and I was clearing out the basement. . . And I'm 37 hours in.  And I'm playing on easy.  And I've hit a brick wall in the form of a Dragon - I can't grind to level up to take it on - and I'm sick of cool down's always missing.  It is so unsatisfying.I am SICK TO DEATH OF every time I use an ability it just misses.  What's the ♥♥♥♥ing point?  Really it seems that you should use abilities on trash - so they will actually do something - and then just face tank the interesting mobs missing on most swings.A beautiful story - I can't recommend the narrative strongly enough.  I don't know what the ""Game"" is here - at all.  I can handle complex RPG maths and builds and mechanics - look at my hours in Path Of Exile - I can handle difficult game play - look at my hours in Mount and Blade and Dark Souls. . . . I just don't know what they are trying to do with this. . Or if it's a statemen they are making?So - If you get frustrated by RNG that basically says ""No it's a miss"" all the time - literally; all the time - don't go here."
76561198054315353,Recommended,291650,15309388,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Tsoui,"A true rpg, the way rpg's should be made. A game which re-establishes the genre for what it should be, distinguishing it from modern action rpg's.In my mind it is no better than Baldur's Gate 2 in any area. But that doesnt matter. As long as comparisons are valid between the two, pillars of eternity has achieved its goal."
76561197973918536,Recommended,291650,15311743,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Whispen,A true spiritual successor to Baldur's Gate.  This game has a great new storyline and interesting twists on classic game mechanics.I'm working my 2nd playthrough now and it's still amazing.
76561198050348955,Recommended,291650,15156507,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Roberto,"Why i bought?Im a fan of games like baldurs gate, ice wind dale, and have lost faith that someday somebody would do again games like that!Great history, cool top engine, and very cool playablity.what i think e fell that is not right, is the monster lcaons, it apear all random, (in baldurs gate) when u found a mob of monsters u know why they are there fr example: some monsters have deserter an army south of that region.We are close some gnolls houses, we are close of werewolf hunting grounds, they are bandits, and etc. and in this game it feels, that the monsters are randomly put, its not lively,another thing is the ruins of the castle when upgrading, u construct an place and the merchant comes whit it. why dont we find and populate whit people, its another thing that apears robotic, not a lively place.and sorry for any wrong speling. whit all this problems its a great game. must buy."
76561198032822863,Recommended,291650,15156786,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,fejkademail,PoE is a true spiritual successor to Baldur's Gate. Very similar to the Infinity Engine games and a very familiar game for the rpg-enthusiast but it still feels pretty fresh.Highly recommended.
76561197997620562,Recommended,291650,15063600,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Lediath,"TLDR:  Excellent starting point for a brand new CRPG franchise.  This universe and engine proide the foundation on which future masterpieces will be built.60 hours in and finished one full playthrough on Path of the Damned difficulty.  I can say for certain that this is nearly everything I had hoped it would be.  I'm just going to do a quick bulleted rundown of my thoughts.Pros:* Great story, with excellent flow and narrative* Phenomenal art and asthetics* Great set piece boss encounters* Good interface and easy to understand controls* Ditched D&D for a system much more suited to CRPGs* Excellent, interesting and varied compaions* For the most part providing a good level of challenge* Good roleplaying opportunities* Interesting and varied classes that feel distinct* Excellent mod support for the community* Phenomenal Options Menu* Massive amount of content to exploreCons:* Slightly buggy when first released, still has some rough edges that needs to be patched out* Overall encounter design and compaion/enemy AI leave something to be desired* Stealth system needs rework, because right now it's all or nothing* Itemization should be more interesting and varied just like the classes* Stronghold feels tacted on and a lost opportunityAll in all, I think Pillars is a great first step and I look forward to what Obsidian will bring next."
,Recommended,291650,15259411,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,cloudsnightmare,"I cannot put into words how much fun this game is.I have spent 90+ hours playing it within the past two weeks, and its still what I want to do when I retrun home from work.Mind you, the game is not perfect, no game is.However, if you have ANY interest in a classic role playing game meets more modern standards, this fills that void in your soul.I am mesmerized entirely, and cannot wait for the already announced expansion."
,Recommended,291650,15260370,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Docsmethane,"I'll keep it short and sweet since there are loads of longer, pro reviews out there.Ever wondered what games created RPG fanatics? Games like this one, and this is a good one even among those,I first got hooked on gaming when I played BG1 on someones computer in south France for all of a few hours. Year or so later, they visited us, and brought my own pirated copy of it, which the dog summarily chewed up within a week, but hey, I got to play it for a week. Around four or five years later I had enough saved to buy a computer. Few more months and I got myself a five disc pirate copy of (think it was 5...) of baldurs gate 2 from a friend of a friend of a..... and lost months of my life to knowing every knook and cranny of that game.Since then I've played so many games, even learned to make games, but BG2 is my alltime favourite. This might just replace it. Maybe..."
,Recommended,291650,15260603,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Helgrin,"Looking good so far, gives some nice BG2 vibe ^^ Surely gonna enjoy it."
,Recommended,291650,15261275,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,j0ny_brav0,A very good rpg game from Obsidian.
76561197998740407,Recommended,291650,15261577,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Seltin,"Awesome game so far.  It's like an updated Baldur's Gate, with a better UI, and IMO a better combat system, though still quite similar, but melee characters have abilities early on in the game, so it makes playing them more fun.Companions have their own quests and personalities, a lot of exploration, and while not a loot heavy ganme, still quite a lot out there to find and as rewards from quests., great customization with some unique game mechanics, such as Monks' wound system or even playing as a Druid or Cipher.I haven't come across any bugs apart from one, which was not game breaking and easily worked around.  In addition, patch turnaround time is quite fast too, and any problems reported are being dealt with in a timely manner.The game is great fun, many seem to think the combat is hard, though your mileage may vary, I find it leaning on to the easier side, but on normal mode only.Easily worth the money and then some, and already looking forward to a sequel or expansion."
76561198082263412,Recommended,291650,15262503,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,STEVE_HOLT!!!!!,"Love it, 20 hours in and can't get enough!!!!!!!1"
76561198012695088,Recommended,291650,15262789,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,FrostSilk,Very good Classic RPG!
76561198007832600,Recommended,291650,15265051,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,ola.sundell,"This is a wonderful classic CRPG, better than Baldur's Gate and its siblings. I really, really recommend it! It is, also, quite the challenge."
,Recommended,291650,15069077,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,School for Frenching Dogs,"Bought this game because I loved the cRPG style.  It did not disappoint, from character creation, to doing the first few areas, I am truly enjoying the game.  It has a decent amount of a challenge, making it so you can't just rush headlong into a battle, but gives you a feeling of satisfaction when you are able to beat a boss, or a difficult battle.Every class seems to be balanced in its own little way, and each one feels unique to the others.  Some of them are very similar to classes from other RPGs, but at the same time different enough so that you don't feel like you have played them ten times over.The graphics are great, and are exactly what I expect of the genre, if not a little bit better.  I tried to play Divinty: Original Sin, but I could just never get into it.  This game, has a totally different feel, and is exactly what this genre needed.   I hope that we can see more games in this style, and hopefully see some sort of mod community come out for this game.  When I finally beat this game, I can then look forward to starting over again, but with a different class/race/background/etc.If you love the cRPG genre, you need to give this a shot.  If you still have Baulder's Gate, Icewind Dale, and Neverwinter Nights installed on your PC, then you really need to give this game a shot.  It improves on those games, and adds a bunch of aspects that you didn't even know you wanted."
76561197969421234,Recommended,291650,15069340,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,FurballHero,"8 Hours, it's been a fantastic experience and I feel like the game is just now starting to open up.Deeply engaging and beautiful piece of work.If you like fantasy and you like video games then this is a must buy."
,Recommended,291650,15069342,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Heradite,"I'm on a Mac and I think the Steam integration is broken because I don't get the FPS at the bottom right of my screen, I don't get the Stream overlay, and it doesn't update my time. Which explains why to start the game I have to wait for it to crash, tell Mac to ""reopen"" then tell the game to not re-open previous windows. Anyways, I've played for like seven hours (started at 1PM and finished at 7PM?) and oh my god, be still my beating heart.First of all, that's some real character creation that Obsidian has put into the game. I like how it's in steps so you can easily figure out each step: it sucks when a game just puts everything at the front and overloads you. The story...well I might change this later but doing sub-quests and exploring the world means that at seven hours in, I'm not anywhere close to being done with the story. In fact, I haven't even gotten to the first major city. I'm still in the first town I get to.The combat system...well I started out the game on Easy, decided I could take Normal, and I'm not sure if I was right because battles can be a challenge. There's nothing than facing a group of wolves and actually having to use strategy against them. I knew I had to take a break when a couple of forest lurkers easily wiped me out but I know I'll be back soon to jump right back in and get stronger so I can take them.Progress of the characters is slow and this is because of the game's decision that the only time you get XP from combat is if it's a quest completion or it adds info the bestiary. Don't worry: you'll still want to kill monsters for the challenge and  the loot. This slow progress is fine but it also makes me feel impatient: I want to get strong now. Still, it's worth taking your time to build up.It is so good to have a game dialog system where you pick what you actually say rather than a vague idea of what you want to say (Bioware I love you but sometimes what I pick and what my character says are literally the opposite). There is a lot of reading but it's fine: Obsidian needs the text to get stuff across since there's no real cinematics. I'm really enjoying actually being able to live my character.A lot of people compare this to classic CRPGs I've never played so I won't do that. What I will say is that while Pillars of Eternity might look old school, it is still very modern and fun to play. I'm only seven hours in, and I think it's possible that one day I'll have a lot more than that.Hopefully they'll fix Steam though. :)"
,Recommended,291650,15069359,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,The Dude,"Well I'm 5 hours in and it's everything I was hoping it to be and more. Fans of Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, and Torment... Here it is!! Thank you Obsidian for this adventure, I have barely scratched the surface."
,Recommended,291650,15069435,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Future Troglodyte,"I bought the game, installed the game, and 7 hours later only stopped to write this review.More than worth the money."
,Recommended,291650,15069472,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Mozzie,"The first game in years that I have played for 8 hours straight on day one. I'm genuinely excited to play more, and more after that , maybe evn more after that!!!This is the RPG we deserve , more importantly the RPG we need."
76561198039221707,Recommended,291650,15069690,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,wanderlust king,"Finally a good rpg that doesn't hold your hand.If your not a fan of reading text skip this one.If you enjoy immersion in another world, this is the rpg for you."
76561198139298709,Recommended,291650,15069799,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,jerker,"By far one of the best RPGs in recent years, both in terms of storry, depth and costumization. The only drawback is that if that you, like I, have grown used to fully voiced dialogue and cinematic cutscenes, it will take time to get back to those good old days when imagination was part of gameing."
76561197969116940,Recommended,291650,15069809,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Sorshanova,So i have played so many new RPG games and they all leave me wanting.  THis game is SO much fun.  I have not had a feeling of going back to D&D since Baulders gate and the 1st Neverwinter nights game.  This game has great text lore behind whats going on and a flowing story of who and what you life is.  Your choices matter and out comes are different. I'm only about 10 hours in and still have gotten now where and love it.
76561197972718439,Recommended,291650,15069868,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,ravenz67,"To sum it up, get ready to grab a cold one and sit down for a while.The RPG is back!Tired of all the MMO's flooding the market with no coherent storyline?Your wait is over.  I am almost 10 hours into this since launch this morning and I can say this is one of the most well written sagas since the Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale days of past.Game runs excellent on relatively current hardware and I have seen no bugs to speak for so far.Cudos Obsidian!  Well done.Just a note; this is the first game I have pre-ordered in almost 15 years and I feel it was money well spent at this point."
76561198030462703,Recommended,291650,15069914,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Mr Maradok,"THIS is what I've been waiting for in an RPG. It's like I'm playing a D&D campaign that was made to be perfect. I feel invested in this world, and the characters that I've met so far are memorable.The only bad thing about this is my computer. I need a computer worthy of this title. I need to save up I suppose."
76561198057920731,Recommended,291650,15069936,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,iLL,THIS IS..... AMAZING!!!WELCOME HOME BG FANS!
,Recommended,291650,15070068,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Gaviel,"Great game if you like the old DND games like Baldur's Gate, Planescape: Torment, and Icewind Dale."
76561197993640017,Recommended,291650,15070152,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Corporal Cluck,Lives up to the hype.
,Recommended,291650,15070178,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,GloboRojo,"I have always enjoyed CRPGs but sometimes the nostalgia factor isn't able to outweigh the outdated graphics of some of the old classics of the genre. This game is everything I could've wanted out of a modern CRPG. Hell, I spent 30 minutes or more on the character creation screen reading up on the different race choices.It has all the familar aspects of the genre that people want, but in a fresh setting with an interesting story and engaging writing. I had to stop myself from playing so I could get some rest."
,Recommended,291650,15070205,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,A-Train,Awesome! Has done Baldur's Gate proud.
,Recommended,291650,15070208,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,BiGDeezy,"I was too young when trying to play Torment to really get it. And by the time I tried Baldur's Gate I had a hard time getting over the dated interface and harsh D&D mechanics to sink more than a couple hours into the story. But THIS game is one of the most engrossing and enjoyable RPGs I have every played, right off the bat. I can't wait to see what comes next as I keep playing. And I 100% approve of the studio and what this game stands for. Buy it, play it, convince more publishers to back things like it."
,Recommended,291650,15070214,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Regulator,It's pretty addicting once you get the hang of it.Another decent title from Obsidian.
,Recommended,291650,15070350,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Ryolan,"Try it, its a good rpg in the vein of classics,such as baldurs gate, icewind dale and planescape torment.An example on a kickstarter gone right."
,Recommended,291650,15070907,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Roberta.FLAC,"I could write a huge thing about how the Infinity Engine games are among my favourites ever (they are), or how I've replayed BG+2 enough times that I've lost count (I have). But I won't.What I will say is simply this: Pillars of Eternity is an amazing game with top-notch writing, enjoyable party members, gorgeous art and music, and most importantly, the ability to recreate a tercio, all while successfully capturing the old-school RPG feel without the things that the old-school games got wrong.In summation why haven't you bought this game yet the button is right there come on click it."
,Recommended,291650,27970346,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,9ikat9sawasleva,Pillars of Eternity is Baldur's gate that is better than Baldur's Gate.
76561197995198103,Recommended,291650,27969386,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Zephrylus Vex,Awesome game with an amazing stroy line.
,Recommended,291650,27970743,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,alexanderpascal,"This is an incredibly thorough fantasy world with a richly detailed plot.  So rich, in fact, that you should expect to spend quite some time reading if you want to get the most out of all the work that went into this game."
76561198106896673,Recommended,291650,27989322,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Wilvarin_nz,Great game for those who love classics like Baldur's Gate :)
76561198012986693,Recommended,291650,27982225,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ross5891,Great game reminds me of old school baldurs gate and icewind dale. if you enjoyed those you will enjoy this. it continues to challenge throughout the whole game as well.
,Recommended,291650,27717187,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Neintendo (HEWE),I fell down a well and encountered a dragon. I died.
,Recommended,291650,27763715,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ParGellen,If you were a fan of Baldur's Gate you enjoy this game. I am finding it very fun!The only gripe I have with it is the inconsistent voice acting. It is all well done but some of it is missing which feels weird when you are talking to someone and half of their dialog is voiced and the other half is not. I've been able to read since I was five though so it's not that big of a deal. Just mildly annoying.
76561197990160591,Recommended,291650,27723171,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Trev',"Pillars of eternity is on sale, get it ! I have been playing numerous RPG since i discovered Blaldur's gate and this one is up to that reference. In many ways it is better than BG and could be compared to BG2. Still it is not only a must play for old CRPG lovers but for newer player who whish to discover a rich coherent world with tactical pause combat."
,Recommended,291650,27728928,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ba1thazar,If you ever had the need to scratch the itch of 1990's/2000's Baldur's Gate era RPG goodness then look no further. Thoroughly enjoyable.
,Recommended,291650,27731732,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,"Dr. Moo, the Time Travelling Cow","Obsidian does it again. Solid kickback to isometric RPGs. If you like isometric RPGs, this is an instant classic. If you don't like isometric RPGs, if any game converts you, this one is it."
76561198006881244,Recommended,291650,27716516,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Coryalanus,"I've been a fan of isometric RPG's, since Baldur's Gate, and after a long time of nothing new, this game has been wonderful. It's difficult and first but you really have to stick around. Reccomended for anyone who loves D&D style gameplay."
,Recommended,291650,27716650,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SeventhSon,"With Baldur's Gate 2 being one of my all time favorite games, I went into Pillars Of Eternity hoping to find a game which pushes just a bit further the bar set by the classic Infinity engine RPG's. While those games were far from perfect, there was a charm to then none but a few were able to match, and here was an opportunity to improve and refine the formula for the old fans of the series and a new generation of gamers.First off, from an artistic standpoint, it is a quite the pretty game. It relies on hand-drawn backgrounds most of the time, and while some are not as good as the others, the art is very sharp, vibrantly colored and immersive. Models and animations are good, professionally done - the spell sprites could use some more ""oomph"" but are generally fine to look at.Technically - it performs OK - though at least in my experience playing it for long periods of time or alt tabbing excessively will start to slow the game down ; thankfully a reset gets rid of this quite neatly. Also, install on an SSD if available - loading times could be quite long otherwise.Plot, lore and story wise - great effort from the Obisidian guys ; they basically created a brand new universes with its own lore and creatures (though many of these clearly inspired from already existing archetypes). The story itself is engaging and I was always very interested to see where my journey would take me next (this is also true for the White March expansion) though there are moments when it bogs down - if you are the kind of person though with a bit of patience you will get through no problem. There is no right or wrong choies here - just play as you feel and leave your own personal mark on the world.Combat can be difficult, especially on harder difficulty modes - but after all what is a game without its challenge ? My suggestion - Take a few minutes to understand the game mechanics, or at least look for some online guides, soon everything will click into place and each encounter will become easier and easier a more satisfying as you are downing larger and larger groups of increasingly dangerous foes.Hopefully we will get a sequel one day which improves on the very solid foundation here. But as it stands, it is an engaging, challenging game with its fair share of smart writing, Recommended."
,Recommended,291650,27737631,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[CVG]Anton,Awesome game and a return to true RPG style play.
76561198043645984,Recommended,291650,27739970,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lord Honorius,One of my best rpg ever . I liked alot bg 1 and 2  and ice wimd dale but PoE is even better
76561198026764978,Recommended,291650,27737358,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ravenblack,Great RPG. Just played 10+ hours and discovered I've merely scratched the surface.
76561198028400228,Recommended,291650,27917175,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,sylvanas,A+ Game.I love it and I keep coming back for more.
,Recommended,291650,27922927,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,aklancher3131,"I used three common emitter amplifiers for my design. I started by designing the last stage of the amplifier first, and then worked backward. First, I set Rc of stage three equal to the load resistor of 47Ω, however, during optimization, I found that by raising the value of Rc to 62Ω the gain of the circuit increased causing improved performance. Then I picked an RE value that was much smaller than Rc to create a large gain. After looking at the resistor values we have in the lab, I arbitrarily chose a 5Ω resistor. At first, I placed an emitter capacitor in parallel with RE, but this caused my circuit to oscillate, so I removed the capacitor in my final design. I used the value of RE to pick my RB by using the parameter RB=10%*β*RE, where β was assumed to be 170 for the third stage transistor, because that was the measured value of the transistor I picked out in lab for that section. However, this value did skew my PSpice estimates, because PSpice used different values. The different stages of the amplifier were showing transistors with β values ranging from 172 to 104, which needs to be addressed in my final design."
,Recommended,291650,27919996,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sock the Mighty,"Of all the newer crop of cRPGs, PoE is probably the closest to the old Infinity Engine games, which is great because BG 2 one of my favorite games of all time.While it certainly has the look and feel of BG and IWD, there are some tweaks here and there, like the old min/max character creation strategy doesn't really work great here. For instance, might affects virtually all damage types, not just melee damage. This means it is important for all characters rather than just your front line tank-y types. Some people complained about this, but I like it. It makes different character builds more viable and doesn’t really punish you as much for not dumping every possible point into a particular stat.The expansion packs add some good content, I especially like the soul-bound weapons which get more powerful as you reach certain requirements.The only thing I can complain a about is the performance, honestly this game doesn’t run well at all. On an i7-6700K and GTX780 with 16 GB RAM I can usually get 60FPS, but the framerate can drop into single digits with a lot of spell effects on the screen. Oy vey...It sounds like there will be a PoE 2 at some point, it would cool if they tuned it into a franchise like the Elder Scrolls. I just hope they improve the performance next time!"
76561198031161830,Recommended,291650,27954102,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Carl,he truly was a pillars of eternity...
76561198151313022,Recommended,291650,27773972,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,teutonic.knights,"Just like D&D, con is not a dump stat."
76561198094016989,Recommended,291650,15166466,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Stoned Monk 'Fight Me',"Have played quite a few RPGs and though i enjoy most of these games, i catagorized them into two types (atleast the ones i like) ; games which i want to finish, games i play a few hours and move away.I found Dragon Age Inquisition/Skyrim and divinity OS great but it never enthralled me to finish them and got quite boring doing repetitive tasks or due to poor story progression.I was looking for games like the Witcher/BG.I do however love POE and this game has managed to suck me in. I am looking to play through this twice if not more.I really do recommend this for players who expect great story/lore and non-repetitive quest. The game is quite buggy right now, though this should be fixed soon."
76561198123123914,Recommended,291650,15168006,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Skyhunter,"Long waited...I can not remember the last time I have played such a wonderful game.  This is ""old school"" at its very best.  Remembering to save (and often) after a hard fight or before you open that next door.  The fear of getting killed is always there.  The story grabs you, pulls you in, just enough to make you ask ""whats going on""  You really feel part of the game.  AND WOW does it ever look awesome.  Wondering and just seeing all the attention to detail to EVERYTHING makes it a absolute imersion to the world.  If you are someone who wants to relive the old days or point and click RPGs this is what you have been waiting for.  If you are new to the point and click RPG this is a game to get your feet wet.I have waited so long for a game that does not hold your hand and YOU the player has to figure things out.  Its a REAL game.  NOT a ""click here"" and ""do this"" next style game.  I am sick of games that tell me everything... I want the games that I have to figure out.They say the game is about 80 hours...  Well 12 hours in and i dread when I get close to the end.  I just want to keep going.For sure get this game.  Who cares the price tag...  Its fun and thats worth it."
,Recommended,291650,15140967,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Zentheory,"It has been 10 years since I played an RPG that kicked my♥♥♥♥♥this much without seeming unfair. Everything that I loved about PC RPGs from the 90s is here.... amazing world building, deep character development, character customization and combat that requires more than mashing a few buttons! Add to that just enough fresh twists on old RPG tropes and you have for me one of the best CRPGs since Planescape: Torment."
76561197993733873,Recommended,291650,15142519,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Kalbren,"Nostalgic, but also modern. Very well done game. Good story, fun game play, improved UI."
76561198020557362,Recommended,291650,27154228,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,True,"I really missed games like this. This was my childhood all rolled up. Plus there is a space pig, which I called Wooooooo."
,Recommended,291650,27216273,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bradeck,"I just finished my first run of this game, with the two expansions, and I loved it.Sure, some thing could be more fleshed out, lke the companions stories, as some are quite extensive, and some are quite bland. Also, their stats could be better, but sufficient for the lower difficulty settings.It's also interesting that in the dialogs, your stats, skills, or background may provide you with some new lines, but they are not ""better"" than the normal one, and sometimes detrimental if you wanted to avoid a fight.They tried hard to distinguish this setting but make it also familiar. You're thronw in a country in the aftermath of a war during wich a god was slain, that is plagued by the awfull curse of the hollowborn, and political factions.There are some minuses of course. Some things were shoe-horned in the game, like your fortress and it's dungeon.I would not say it's a fantastic game, but it's an enjoyable one, and I certainly don't regret all the hours I poured into it."
,Recommended,291650,27410212,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,kthulhu,"If you like old school RPGs but can't stand the buggy Beamdog version of Baldur's Gate, play this game. It's great."
,Recommended,291650,27415935,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rogers,good storytelling. fighting mechanics...are ok i guess
,Recommended,291650,26766727,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Troliszcz,Everything you loved in Baldur's Gate series transfered to new exciting world - Eora.
,Recommended,291650,26665141,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,BasedCrusaderTone-E,"Great art, great lore, great gameplay. For fans of lore-heavy, story-driven CRPGs this is a must get. For those who don't enjoy lots of stats and reading this is probably not your thing - maybe consider a sale?Most criticisms have been patched out as of this review. Only remaining criticism is that the first act is kind of slow and unfocused - but pass that and the game just gets better and better."
,Recommended,291650,26724161,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,DominicDarknessNightmare,"this game is sexy fun. if you want a challenge and a game that makes you almost never want to stop restarting it just cause you think you may of missed something interesting and you are probably right this game has that in spades. Customization is wrecklessly fun your game your rules, but be warned only a fool challenges this at it's extreme. -whispers- be the fool it pays off."
,Recommended,291650,26723363,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Spoopy,tried to play baulder's gate series but couldnt get into it with too much to do. i enjoy the streamlined story but some of the companions are not very fun to use to in combat.
76561197990444420,Recommended,291650,26793298,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Obmar,excellent game - need more like this
76561197974593752,Recommended,291650,26872156,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FidellC,"This game is Baldur's Gate 3, and it's great."
,Recommended,291650,18320760,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Blow Them Up,"If you enjoy playing Baldur's Gate, then that's the perfect game for you.Pillars has nicer graphics but still uses isometric view.Great characters with interesting background stories, though only 7 (from which 5 can be in your party). Their personal background stories might be getting a bit boring as you play through the game a second time.The game has a rather interesting story, which keeps you in its claws until the end.Options to join various (opposing) groups, lots of side quests, endings depend on how you react and what groups you side with during game play.Later content gives you the option to scale the difficulty depending on your level (final area, white march) - but that's so far only limited to these areas. Would be great if there'd be an option to get the enemies in general closer to your level, i.e. paths of od nua loose a fair bit of flair once you're level 12-14 and simply breeze through.Enjoyed playing the game a lot! Highly recommended."
,Recommended,291650,26835704,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Laurs,PLain old school rpg fun
76561197993228917,Recommended,291650,26961410,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DiggerWC,"Play it, if you like RPG's at all, you'll be doing yourself a favor"
,Recommended,291650,26997561,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Graylon,I recommend this game. Not since Baldurs gate have I seen such a rich story. Good graphics and lots too do.
76561198050609127,Recommended,291650,27032710,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bodysuit Man,very good game
76561198014468888,Recommended,291650,26817725,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,rraiten,"A really great game with interesting story and characters.Combat is really fun, though the end game phase was less exiting than the start and mid game phases.should buy this if you love rpgs, more so if you liked baldur's gate, icewind dale and the like."
76561198016505252,Recommended,291650,26932470,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Smecher,"Best iso RPG , alot of text."
76561197978224653,Recommended,291650,26940752,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AdderHive,Great game loved the challenge great story and altogether fun to play
,Recommended,291650,26937106,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,vpostman,Amazing world-building.  Interesting combat mechanics venture too far into number-crunching territory at times but generally stay out of the way of a great atmosphere.  Poor map design but all-in-all a wonderful reimagining of the old IE games.
76561197992972982,Recommended,291650,26933110,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Master Cup,"What's to say? An amazing RPG full of interesting characters, difficult choices, and classic gameplay mixed together with Obsidian's experience in design and writing, it's hard to go wrong. A game that you need to set time aside for to fully appreciate and play."
76561198032741421,Recommended,291650,15076425,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Lord English,"Ladies and gentlemen this is what an good  RPG should be, or more accurately what a good RPG was like."
76561197972291916,Recommended,291650,15076705,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,CookieDevil,Best cRPG ive played in a long long time. Thanks Obsidian for this gem of a game!
76561198061762286,Recommended,291650,15077052,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,good m8,"Oh boy! an addicting little fela this is! Vintage stuff, love in it!Hope it will be long journay..."
76561198014039450,Recommended,291650,15077220,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Shryke,"This game is outstanding! Engaging and intriguing story from the beginning, awesome mature world, and hard fights.  I havn't any companions I hated (looking at you bioware).  Dialogue is deep and fun, and the game is extraordinarily well written.  Obsidian have just made the best Kickstarted game to date."
,Recommended,291650,15077428,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,necuz,"If you've played and enjoyed the Infinity Engine games, you'll have a grand ol' time with this. If not, what's wrong with you?"
,Recommended,291650,15077500,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,papa_bless,"If you love CRPGs and don't mind reading, it is a lot of fun."
,Recommended,291650,15077789,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,docrockeg,"Excellent game thus far. Was never able to get truly up and going with BG. This game has a fantastic character creation screen , and some very interesting character classes. I was hooked from the very first battle sequence. While I have only scratched the surface, I could see myself getting caught up in this game, and I have  a feeling there is plenty of depth to discover. Graphics are top notch as is the voice acting. I watch the clock until work ends so I can go home and play this again. Highly recommended."
76561198010012474,Recommended,291650,15078410,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Corim Altierre,"If you liked Baldur's Gate, Arcanum, or any of that genre of isometric Western RPGs that thrived in the late 90s, this will be a welcome homecoming for you.  Highly recommend for fans of that style of game."
76561198059011881,Recommended,291650,15078491,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Gray Mouser,Finally!
,Recommended,291650,15078747,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Shaod,Very impressed so far. It's a bit comical in exactly how close it follows Baldur's Gate (even the same or related icons by and large) but how can you improve on perfection? You can't. Buy this game.
,Recommended,291650,15078861,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,UMBRA,"One of the best PC RPGs I have played in a very long time, Pillars of Eternity captures the essence of the old Infinity Engine RPGs (Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, Planescape Torment), brings them into the modern age, and yet retains the depth, intricacy and detail that made those games incredible. If you consider yourself a fan of RPGs, this is a MUST PLAY. It is pitch perfect in almost every way. Obsidian has knocked it out of the park, yet again."
,Recommended,291650,15079118,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,ToadStoned,Yes I would recommend this game.
76561197977560455,Recommended,291650,15079436,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,p_ledesma,"Best game I've played since Divine Divinity.  I've played for MANY hours, no bug, no glitches, no crashes."
76561198007207141,Recommended,291650,15091242,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,slightly_jaded_95,"Obsidian doing what it does best.Story driven narative...checkEpic story...checkGreat, memorable characters...checkBuggy as all get out....yep that too.I do like obsidian games, I'm a complete fanboy. I do however recognise that unless they have someone cracking the whip over them, their games tend to be a little...unpolished. (cough) alpha protocol.This is a brilliant game, and while it is currently very buggy in places it feels very awesome when it isn't crashing (I've only encountered this in one area...repeatadley)While I enjoy it. It's a flaws creature atm."
,Recommended,291650,15091249,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Xeonus,"This game is an absolute masterpiece! From the carefully designed maps, wonderful music, deep character customization to the wonderfully written walls of text. All the little pieces form an incredibly deep and satisfying experience!PROS+Extremely well written dialogues and stories+Deep character customization. Example: the character entry screen took me more than 30 minutes to figure out what I want my character to be like+Fantastic landscapes+Beautiful music+Old school look and feel, yet modern and freshCONS-Sometims sloppy pathing of party-membersDo yourself a favour, if you are a fan of RPGs, buy this game!!"
76561198067794343,Recommended,291650,15091941,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,kaif669,No Minsk and Boo.Need more rangers and hamsters.
76561198052250143,Recommended,291650,15092279,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Jack Cremation,Like RPGs? Like tactical combat instead of pointless button mashing? Ever read a book? Then buy this game.
,Recommended,291650,15083337,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Paulie Gualtieri,"""You must gather your party before venturing forth""This game deserves 10/10 just for including that."
,Recommended,291650,15092519,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Art^Mut,Best RPG since BG II was released over a decade ago!
76561198125544972,Recommended,291650,15092960,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,MegaT3D,"This game captures all the magic from classic CRPGS, while bringing refreshing ideas to the table. As a massive Baldurs Gate fan, I have waited for this game to turn up for a long, long time, and boy it doesnt dissapoint. If you liked any infinity engine game, or are a fan of RPGS in general, this really is a must own. 10/10."
76561198056265153,Recommended,291650,16839849,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,HK47,"Four hours in and ive had quite the time. Im not new to turn based rpgs and Im pretty decent at games like Diablo, but this was the first crpg ive played since Baulders Gate II back when I was like 10, so ive given things a run on normal difficulty. I watched a lets play that spans over the course of those four hours and somehow I ended up spending them entirely differently just by taking another side quest. This game will give you probably 100 hours of gameplay if you put in the effort to find everything.The combat is difficult, but not overly on normal(at least not yet). This really rewards you in the end however because you feel a genuine sense of accomplishment. 45 might seem like a lot of money, but honestly, this game is totally worth it, especially if youre used to buying AAA letdowns for 60. Play this game. Youll have a good time"
76561198042890995,Recommended,291650,15992079,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Master Yoda,This game is a true piece of art.  Do yourself a favor and (READ) through the content in this game. It made a great game even better. I would say so far i have been pleasantly surprised through almost 40 hours of content non stop.PLAY THIS GAME.
76561198089033700,Recommended,291650,16213307,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Horizon,"A beautifully crafted game. Its one of those games which I don't want to finish. I actually procrastinate in the game out of fear that the end will truly end the game (such as Fallout 3, in which you have to load you most recent save).Glorious Game. Great feel, vibe, etc. and interesting story.Beware of loading screens, though.9/10. Would wait on loading screen again and again and again and again and again."
,Recommended,291650,16218744,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,masterazunai,"Wasn't allowed to play computer games as a child (which ruled out an nostalgic feelings I may have for this game), but I've still played through many of the old, isometric RPG's that this game clearly harkens to. I'm not done with the game yet, but I frankly feel that there's no competition between PoE and the cRPG's of the 90's.I read endless stacks of fantasy novels, and my biggest gripe with many games that are ""writing heavy"" are their highly simplistic and/or hackneyed story lines. Secret powers and coming-of-ages are all well and good, but fantasy has gotten to the point where, I believe, it needs to take itself - and its lore - completely seriously if its going to be self-respecting. I would consider PoE to the ""Empire Strikes Back"" response to the analagous ""A New Hope"" of the Baldur's Gate series. Both ""A New Hope"" and ""Baldur's Gate"" live in this vacuum free of ""sequel interference"" (if you'll humor me the phrase), and thus can adhere absolutely to traditional storylines and fulfill the tropes of the monomyth like a well-worn pair of shoes. This isn't a bad thing, but I feel that without taking the lore in a relatively realistic direction you're going to be stuck with a story that's dead in the water. Fantasy RPG's seem to have missed this step, and are frequently nauseatingly boring for related reasons. I think this is why ""Empire"" was so good: it took the lore seriously, and expanded on it without too much explanation. Perhaps with PoE, we've finally been gifted a game that's willing to take risks with our assumed knowledge of the forms that stories take, and stepping beyond our assumptions. This is a game that excels at making you feel like you're really shaping the world, even though it's probably not changing to fit your decisions anymore than any other RPG. You really create your role, and in a gaming universe where every other venture into Fantasyland is in the shoes of a solitary wanderer with a secret destiny, I found the serious tone of PoE extremely refreshing. This is a game that understands that magic isn't real, its premise is fantasy, and ultimately is just so: a game. But it pulsates with its almost unreadably expansive lore and its dedication to self-maintenance, and I've frankly not experienced that in any other game but Dark Souls, which is a far more streamlined and silent game.This is one of the very best games I've ever played, and quite possibly my favorite game. I cannot possibly recommend it highly enough, and if my computer didn't keep crashing I'd be playing it right now instead of writing a review about it."
,Recommended,291650,16225989,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Turgic,Game is wonderful
,Recommended,291650,15920264,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,klockwerk,"A great callback to the isometric RPGs of the 90s and early 2000s. The game is not without its issues, but it's a sigh of relief compared to 99% of other RPGs these days."
,Recommended,291650,15927222,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Котик,one of the best games ive played. story will suck you in. love all the subtle humor thrown in there too haha! if you are a fan of D&D games this will please you as well. well made game!
76561198037155428,Recommended,291650,15968883,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Illerdrin,Love it!
76561197977520869,Recommended,291650,15973363,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Silverquick,"You know I've been playing infinity engine games for years. I was there and bought and played the first Baldur's Gate way back when. Then Icewind Dale, BG2 the whole stream of titles back in the day.They were at the time some of the most beautiful, content packed adventures that were never duplicated again in later games. They were virtual smorgasbords of RPG goodness, and they were tactically challenging. People could build incredible graffics as time went on... but never could duplicate the level of content and pure adventure and world building the way both Bioware and Obsidian could back during those initial games.Even those two couldn't top themselves in later games. The still did great work at RPGs, but never again could they top themselves in later games. Sure Neverwinter Nights, Dragon's Age, and Neverwinter Nights 2 were great games. But they could not top the enormous content or level of pure adventure the Infinity games could. Nor were they as scenically beautiful.Fast forward to today... newer gamers have never heard of these, never played them.Obsidian, on the verge of going under, goes back to its roots, just to see how much interest there was in these older games, and they get flooded with fan offers on Kickstarter.... they save themselves and their company with the thing that once made them shine... no enormous teams, no pressure from contracts. the old infinity style games with upgraded graffics, but no real complicated programming an nothing special in the terms of today..... but pack it full of beautiful scenery, an enormous amount of content, and an incredible story.They went out, did their own thing, and the thing the knew best...And knocked one right out of the park... just like they used to all those years ago. Yeah of course its not easy to do that... but this is Obsidian we're talking about, an I'd bet if Bioware went back and did one of these they'd be able to do it too.The guys that made this... were old pros at it. Its not the old infinity engine, its a new engine... but you get the point.Only Obsidian could have done this so well."
,Recommended,291650,19814530,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,pootzko,"Lovely old-style RPG feel, fresh class mechanics, interesting story. The only thing I don't like is the campfire but oh well.."
76561197960503146,Recommended,291650,19812433,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Accelerator,"If you liked Baldur's Gate and those types of games, you'll probably love PoE. It has similar but somewhat improved graphics to Baldur's Gate, with the same type of 3rd person view and mainly story focused gameplay using D&D rules for the character development and classes."
,Recommended,291650,19895702,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,DrJackal,it's like BG but it's not BG but it's like BG.
76561198046233410,Recommended,291650,19865917,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,theFlayer,"Having been following this game since its conception, I've got two big things to say about it.It delivers on exactly what it promises, a game that sits in the spectrum of Baldur's Gate 2 in every respect. Except one. The story ends too early.Suffice to say that this is my greatest complaint with the game, the story itself is excellent, but would have benefited from an extra arc, an epilogue so to speak. Comparing it to Baldur's Gate 2, it's basically like ending the game at Spellhold. So much more story could have been dragged out of there, and so much more depth could have been had. But aside from that singular narrative based complaint, this game is well worth your money."
76561197987316902,Recommended,291650,19899234,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,RAGE,"So far so good.  Purchased today, put some time in.  No crashes, no major flaws.  Encountered a bug where I asked the innkeep not to charge me for some beers and she agreed and charged me 6 copper anyways...MAJOR.  Also for some reason seeing issues with saving files but easy workaround, just guess where the button is or try again.  Past those two things the game is great and cheap right now.  Worth playing.  Check it out."
76561198057420758,Recommended,291650,19900862,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Warrior Of Love,We need chinese version.
,Recommended,291650,19897673,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Alaizon,excellent
,Recommended,291650,19897279,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,FaTPlaT,"An interesting Take on the old Baldurs gate/ DnD formula of the past. But whilst the game seems extremely ambitious with regards to it's focus on lore, detailed environment art and interesting political and ethical story plot points; it still struggles to be as entertaining as its predecessors.Perhaps this is due to a focus in these areas to a point where the story becomes a bit too ""too smart for you"" or in the extremes I had no idea what was going on at all. Combat is fun and a great throwback, but suffers from old issues like 85% of your spells being next to useless, or completely outclassed by others. Also, areas like the player base you get a few hours into the game, dungeon not withstanding, is just flat out empty and lifeless. Perhaps with a bit more focus this could have been a legendary game.I still recommend giving it a play if you liked those old school DnD games. Just be prepared to do lots and lots and lots and lots of reading in the game that whilst cool never actually really brings the world to life. Id say this game is probably a solid 7.5/10 or so. Good- very good game, I just think it is a shame that they didn't focus enough on creating more fun content to blast through instead focusing on text walls."
76561197970040506,Recommended,291650,19883097,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,KID A,"Absolutely brilliant.Provided you enjoy reading in your spare time, this is a must buy."
76561198046032722,Recommended,291650,19862160,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,MorphGroups,Very similar to D&D style games such as the Baldur's Gate series and Icewind Dale.The only negative aspect of this game imo is the weak narrative and the individual characters don't feel as powerful as they do in other D&D games.
76561198046671156,Recommended,291650,19859754,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Blitzkrieg,"As someone who never had played a Baldur's gate, Icewindale, or any others, I can proudly say that this is probably one of my favorite RPG's. I really love the story, and especially the companions you meet. You can always make your own character and have the best party in the game, but it just doesn't feel right when you actally have followers who comment on almost everything you do, which is what I really love. The only downside too this game is that there is a hell a lot of reading to someone who doesn't like reading, in that case, don't buy it. If, however; reading doesn't bother, then enjoy a masterpiece in D&D storytelling."
,Recommended,291650,19908247,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Sangredevida,An excellent game that fills that nostalga niche for the days of old school AD&D gaming.
76561198254341002,Recommended,291650,19819696,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,aestus,"I'm new to this kind of game. (Bought it because it sounded like a video game version of D&D) I am enjoying it so far except for 2 things:1. It feels like there should be a DM that narrates dialogue that doesn't have a specific voice actor. (Like 1 person doing it.) It would feel more immersive.2. The combat system seems really weird. You can pause and assign moves that your party does but it doesn't really feel like your directing combat. Also because the Slo-mo fighting everything feels sluggish. I don't know, I'm not a fan so far. It seems like a weird middle ground between full on planning and something like an action adventure fighting."
76561198053466406,Recommended,291650,19820120,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Portly,"(no spoilers) I just finished this game. The begeining and even about half way through were fine. They reminded me a bit like the Baldurs Gate story. On the other hand the end was tedious and the final cliax rather boring and overdone genre - basicly it was a BG2/Planescape railroad ending with but rather more lame nihilistic and pure wasteland. I can tell the writers are ammoral skeptics with no belief in anything but there small heads. Anyway and Richard Cranium can write a lame story like that and attempt to make it epic- but it does not make it so. It would have been much better if they would have just made it an open ended adventure and had the charater remain a rather insignifigant - or at best a champion adventurer rather than a world changing one of a kind new age crystal channel master. It became a click fest in the end of how fast I could get through the tired overdone chit chat with the boring visons you can not avoid.Also, the idiot game has all these +1 +2 +3 charater attribute scores - which is great - but then you have to mircomange them as one will supress the other. These guys obviously were super nerds in the 1980s who sat around for 2 hours arguing with the DnD players Handbook on if a ring of protection, bracers of protection AC 6 and a cloak of the elevn kind stacked or not. Sorry nerd guys it is not fun to look at your 5 different charaters and move items around between them so a +2 ring of dexterity does not overpower the + 3 cloak of dexiterity ad nesuim - However if you enjoy micromanagement of gear stats then feel free and play this game.So to sum it up the game would have been purrfect if: the to serious tired story was not so droll and railroad striaght and the stats and enchants were not super nerd rule stringent set.Still fun to play though overall... I might try it again sometime..."
,Recommended,291650,19849587,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,martycroteau,Very good game.  I really enjoy the retro feel.
76561197962090308,Recommended,291650,19917749,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Ninjoe,"Not big on reviews. I enjoyed Baldurs Gate, and this is really well done. Wish I could just pick a single character class, everything is good."
76561197961019105,Recommended,291650,19951258,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Mantyl,"Absolutely Loved BG & BG2.  To be able to play the ""spiritual"" successor after so long - it just feels so RIGHT!"
,Recommended,291650,20018778,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,JiffyFresh,"Picked up the game when it came out and got side tracked for the summer. When I picked it up it was like I never left. The game. Some might not like the game for it's linear story, but I found that it gave enough freedom to do my side story but progress at a decent pace. The story is engaging, graphics beautiful and gameplay is a lot of fun. I recommend this game if you enjoy playing RPGs."
76561198050918133,Recommended,291650,20016154,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,bertmern.bat,Pillars of TLDRnity
76561198007334123,Recommended,291650,20018169,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,sunking379,"This is a great game!! I wasnt expecting such a deep and fun game with an old school feel.Great fun, may cause divorce"
76561198121136985,Recommended,291650,20035372,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,chris2718,If you like CRPG's then you'll like Pillars of Eternity. Great writing and lore. Beautiful graphics. Interesting encounters and story. Deep RPG elements. The combat is difficult to learn but stick with it and it's enjoyable.Buy this game.
,Recommended,291650,20297529,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Daryon,That feeling you are back to playing Baldur's Gate once again after so many years... :-)
,Recommended,291650,20294889,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Zertyfire,"i bought this game on a steam sale, and was surprised by it. This game is one of the best RPG I have played. Very long Had I been waiting for a paper rpg feel in an rpg, but not have it be turn based. Icewind dale just did't do it for me, but here, the graphics are sublime, and its alot of fun.  Buy this if u like rpgs"
,Recommended,291650,20296783,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,phoenixxcore,Makes me feel nostalgic for games like Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale. It's a more modern take on the RPG style without sacrificing what we loved about those games. I definitely recommend it!
,Recommended,291650,20285095,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Kryptonife,"Awesome cRPG to sink your teeth into, and it has some of the best writing I've run into in a long time."
,Recommended,291650,20284414,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Duncoup,"Yet to play it more, it looks like a good game, it is a little bit hard to manage many characters at once, it does not really feed like a turn-based game, it is similar to wasteland 2, with a medieval-fantastic theme"
76561197967010396,Recommended,291650,15071969,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Gearhead,"Played BG1 and IWD1 both a few times, and 12 hours into this game and I just can't express to you how much more i'm enjoying it than the classics! If you like classic RPG's, don't hesitate to pick this up."
,Recommended,291650,20290801,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,DavidXBO,Great classic RPG that takes me back to playing Baldur's gate and Neverwinter Nights and yet it does not feel dated. The story and characters are fantastic and will keep you coming back for more. Everything has been made with love and to a high standard from the sound to the item descriptions. The addition of a Keep/Stronghold you can restore/upgrade is an added bonus.  15hrs in and I feel I have barely scratched the surface.
76561198160536427,Recommended,291650,20291999,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Frogger,11/10
,Recommended,291650,20288159,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,RaVeN_8472,One of the best isometric RPGs in recent history.The only regret I have is not backing the game through Kickstarter when I had the chance!
76561197971315126,Recommended,291650,20300959,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,gnomeansgnome,"A thumbs up by a very very slim margin. There are some very cool things in this game. And a lot of bad things. The character creation/customization is cool and it's nice to see the developers step outside the typical fantasy elf/dwarf/orc stuff. The game looks good and the interface is manageable. But, and that's a big but, there some very frustrating parts that make the game marginal for me.Combat is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥until you refine your micropausing skills. Also, many of the combats have to be replayed over and over again until you get the perfect combination of skills/spells working. You had to do that a little bit in some of the classics like Baldur's Gate but, and that's a big but, this game is much more complicated.Last, I'm getting really tired of the whole ""hey, you're finding out you don't know who you are because you're destined to be this demigod and you're really important to saving the world and you have to realize your demigodness"" trope. It's ♥♥♥♥ing tired. Dead. Done (insert Monty Python parrot sketch.) Can't writers move on? OR, maybe that's the only way to do single-player CRPGS because most people won't be interested if their character doesn't become a god?"
76561198113327580,Recommended,291650,19752759,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Karatekid,"Pillars of eternity reviewI'll start with the negatives, since that's typically why most folks read reviews:1) Story is slow and more intellectual/philosophical.  Not a bad thing, but does not lead the player into curiosity.  I think it's more the storytelling than the subject matter.  Since it's philosophically-driven, I'll contrast it with Plansecape:Torment vs. Baldur's Gate 2, which was character- and adventure-driven:  If Planescape was a 10 for you, I'd say this is about a 5.  It's still a good story, just nothing to write home about.2) Music is very good, but uninspired.  BG2 music was thematically-/geographically-perfect in that it actively added to the overall experience.  The music in Pillars of Eternity is not distracting or bad by any means, it is just mediocre.3) The absolute worst mechanic in the game is the ""engagement"" mechanic, which is their take on ""attacks of opportunity"" from DnD.  It really needs tweaking (see the wiki for how it works), but can lead to you taking damage from unrealistic attackers (visually too far away to make the attack).  It started as a good idea, but it needs a nerf.4) While casting spells (priest or wiz) can still be done pre-battle, they put limits on spells such that you can only pre-buff with a few, and the durations are rather loe.  Either they overdid it a bit in trying to preclude cheesy tactics, OR (and this could very well be the case) the fact you're no higher than level 12 is affecting my perspective.  It's just a little unbalanced for those of us used to pre-buffing before battles.5) Voice Acting - mixed bag to decent.  Some are very good, but most are just adequate.6) Characters - only like two that are memorable, and even then they were just ""good"".  BG2 fans - think Cernd-level of charisma as the majority of these characters, with the two good ones who were more like Mazzy-level of memorable.  Not a single Minsc, Jaheira, or Jan in the bunch.The good:Mechanics - both in and out of combat are very good (minus ""engagement"" above).  I credit the Unity engine for the massive improvements over even the EE versions of BG/BG2.  Interesting take on stealth and time within the observer's line of sight.Visuals - fantastic for the genre.Pathfinding - thankfully, Unity has really improved this!Interface - very good - I play turn-based with autopauses for complex battles, but their implementation of auto-slowing means people who play action-style can do so MUCH more smoothly than we could in the Infinity engine.Performance - very good - occasionally has longer load screens than necessary, but I am unsure if that is a side effect of Steam Achievements checking or the game itself.I DO highly recommend this game, regardless of the criticisms above.  As has been the case with so many, it cannot touch BG2, but it is still worth playing.  I would liken it to Icewind Dale - very good game, just not a terribly memorable and exciting story.  If I had to assign a subjective numerical rating, it'd be 7.5 or 8 out of 10.Edit:  I almost forgot the BEST part of this - stable native Linux support!"
,Recommended,291650,20163399,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,iluciv,"Love playing this game, it plays well on my Dell Latitude E6430s (Running Fedora 23). The story is pretty good, keep you interested and the characters are interesting enough also. I find that the voice overs are hit and miss sometimes they play back other times the just don't.You can spend a lot of time in this game as there is plenty of game to complete.  Game play is fine on the laptop keyboard and track pad, though for longer sessions I tend to dock it as a external keyboard and mouse is way easier to use.Haven't completed the story yet but I believe this game will keep me interested enough to play it through."
,Recommended,291650,24173871,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Aequitarian,"A worthy successor to the infinity engine games of old. Amazing setting, wonderful theme. Combat is a bit different and too bound by a trinitarian approach, but is generally pretty solid and rewarded tactical play. Itemization is dull, but it doesn't distract too much from an otherwise solid offering."
76561197971629615,Recommended,291650,24217975,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,X Afro,"This is better than any western RPG of this style. Amazing voices, amazing story. Baldurs Gate was never this good and stable. The game is so much fun I played 2 days straight without noticeing. Times it feals like baldurs Gate, other times it feals like Diablo, It is that good. So many adorable characters that come to life, the mix of storybook and voice acting are wonderfull."
76561198082484674,Recommended,291650,24220787,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,mickki,"I'm on my 2nd round playing POE, after downloading the White March content. I really enjoy this game, especially the character development, the amount of map and quest exploration, and how badass it feels to accrue and develop great weaponry. This style isn't for everyone, but it's been well worth the purchase."
76561198050681476,Recommended,291650,24187279,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Commander Kobals,"Great Game, one of the few games that are worthy of being called ""complete games""."
76561198167113282,Recommended,291650,24162986,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Woomas,"A very solid cRPG with good story, characters and playtime.Had tons of fun on my first playthrough learning the game etc. The game also offers seemingly good replayability.However I just couldn't make it through the 2nd playthrough on the hardest difficulty. The combat isn't hard, just requires tons of micromanagement on every single fight since party members' AI and tactic settings are non-existant. Constant sneaking and cheap tactics become boring fast when there is as much combat involved as there is in PoE.Also, the choices you make (starting from race/background) don't really alter the story so that didn't carry it either. I guess I'd get slightly different ending slides though.Tons of good stuff to see and play though, I'd recommend for all isometric RPG fans."
,Recommended,291650,24085823,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,wbrssa,great throwback game that reminds me of tabletop
,Recommended,291650,24124677,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Rustahl,"Great throwback Baldurs Gate style game with its own unique story and mechanics. I've found it a very refreshing change to go back to this isometric style, story focused game."
,Recommended,291650,24128237,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,kul_akshay,"A must-have for RPG fansI've barely made a ripple in the vast pool that is Pillars of Eternity as I write this, and I'm already stuck in.The spirit of the great top-down RPGs have been captured extremely well in this game. The interface is polished, and while some clunky elements remain (if you want to sell 150 items, you have to click 150 times), it just seems to add to the feeling that you're playing one of the classics like Planescape Torment or Baldur's Gate.And truly, I have to tip my hat to the devs. I can play for hours at a time and not get bored. On the other hand, I can as easily forget about it for days, and come back and still be as immersed as I was when I left it. Few games I've played can ever have this quality, and it really must be commended for this.It's a testament to how good the game is that I'm regretting spending time away from it writing this review.If you enjoyed the classic Infinity Engine RPGs, Dragon Age Origins or any other high fantasy game, you'll enjoy Pillars of Eternity."
,Recommended,291650,24326928,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Spoocon,"This game is so great. I have never stopped playing Bg1&2, Icewind dale, and all the expansions to both. Sword coast was such a let down and DOS was lacking too much for me. But PoE tugs my heartstring. The devs really did a great job of bringing the infinity engine feel back but getting rid of the goofy Ad&d2e rule set that made the older games such a number crunch. PoE 10/10 for UI, 10/10 for look and feel, and 11/10 for story. I cant wait to play the expansions. I think this will be my game for years to come. Btw I never review games so you know I like it :)"
,Recommended,291650,24375273,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Groyer,"Matthew Mercer, the CRPG.It's actually really quite good. If you liked CRPGs Icewind Dale or Baldur's Gate you are practically at home here. Get this game and the DLCs.)"
,Recommended,291650,24253577,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,sc1m1t4r,"I decided to try this out after seeing the ratings on it and I have not been disappointed.I'm a fan of single player fantasy RPG games but tend to favour the 3rd person style games over the isometric ones, that said, this has been a brilliant game so far.I'm enjoying the story and the play mechanics, the classes and their abilities have a familiarity that reminds me of a D&D based game and the story telling has that intriguing quality that I've come to expect from Obsidian Entertainment (who made Dungeon Siege 3, Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic 2 & the Neverwinter Nights 2 series which are some of my favourites)I quite enjoy that classes aren't restricted in their weapon use, allowing my wizard to run around with a wand & grimoire and switch over to a flail & sword when someone gets close. The skill system is nice and easy to use as well, again this isn't class restrictive allowing any character with the right points to sneak around, disable traps or gain bonuses from camping.Inventory management is a pleasure, there isn't much of a restriction as there is a Stash option for the party that is accessible from the inventory itself, and all items take up a single block so no messing around with trying to fit items into a confined space: loot hoarder approved!The game features real-time combat with a pause function, allowing for micromanagement of your party and their actions. There's an AI option as well but I haven't tested this out as I prefer to manually direct my party members."
,Recommended,291650,23321971,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,The Original Fatass,"Highly reccomend this game if you like the old school CRPGs like Baldur\'s Gate. It has a very D&D 4e feel...but good.The companions are interesting, the combat is smooth, and it looks great.A solid 8/10"
76561198053916066,Recommended,291650,23354172,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,PRIDE AND TRUTH,"This game is pretty freaking fun.Tons of customization if you choose to go with a created party as opposed to characters that join you along the way.I also find a lot of the story content in the main and side quests very intriguing, therefore making the gaming experience more immersive.Combat is absolutely awesome, and full of strategic options. If you want mindless hack and slash, this is not the game for you.If you enjoy micro managing your characters and watching your dedication to a balanced party unfold successfully on the battlefield, then look no further, because Pillars of Eternity is the golden turd floating atop these waters. hahahaha"
76561197980429671,Recommended,291650,23312188,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Bubba Jones,"One of the two games that came out in the rash of Kickstarted CRPG's alongside Wasteland II and Divinity:Original Sin.  Obsidian tried to recapture the feel of Infinity Engine Games in this release and did a good bit of work in making it feel familiar to Baldur's Gate.The game follows the story of a migrant who travels to a cursed land and survives an accident with an eventually fatal and debilitating injury to his soul.  You journey around the land to find out what happened to you, find a conspiracy which created the curse in the land, work to remove it and learn a little about the metaphysics of the world you belong to.Such follows the story in a nutshell.  The only problem I had was how it felt rushed in some places.  While the game is not rushed, (there are a lot of side quests small stories set as an aside, with plenty to do to keep you occupied) the main story is in some places.  In many cases it feels that as you are exposed to the antagonists you feel a rush to resolve things quickly at a fast pace and it feels that the main story is just a side quest with more meat to it in an open game.The encounters are carefully crafted and will require you to understand your characters, their classes, and how they function.  Improper gear and tactics will cause you to suffer even at the lower difficulty levels.  Furthermore, difficulty only changes the number of enemies you face and not the difficulty of them - save for Path of the Damned difficulty which gives the enemies a large boost to their stats.  Character growth is kept carefully controlled, you should only be able to finish some encounters instead of others and there is a cap to the amount of xp you can receive from enemies so the game is very aware of your strength and how much it can challange you.The first thing which I had to beat in my head while I was playing this game, was despite its similarities, it is not an Infinity Engine Game and the classes and attributes are not D&D.  You need to understand what your attributes are and how they affect your build, I would very much suggest reading guides on this to understand what they do before you jump into it.  Classes also behave similarly - even though they have D&D parallels, they function nothing like they do in D&D so have a look at how they work.The next thing to notice is that once you understand this is that the story companions are somewhat underpowered with poor attributes or attributes that slot them into only one role which you may not desire.  This isn't necessarilly bad, the game does teach you that min-maxing is unnecessary but desirable.  It doesn't matter since you can hire characters you stat and create at any inn.  However, the story companions are so well written and have nice enough ambient dialogue, you feel like you're missing out if you don't take them.  Even if you have problems later in the game you can respec and change the abilities of any of your characters at any point in the game to match an encounter or group of enemies (Provided you have White March Installed).You will find more than enough money to make it through the game and be able to frivolosly spend it as you need on weapon enchantments, character respecs, new characters, and whatever to kit yourself out for a dungeon or floor.  However, the early game will always have issues in money aquisition.You will also get a stronghold where you can do a lot of merchant work, play around in inns get quests and enter a large dungeon.  It is also depressingly empty.  I remember the podcast where obsidian showed it off to a reviewer and the first question he asked was ""Where are the NPCs?"" and the obsidian rep looked as though it was the first time he noticed it.The UI and menus are easy to work with aside from some uncomfortable shifting with windows to manage storage and character inventory.  It's easy to work with, intuitive, and is a better example of UI polish than what Beamdog did with the Enhanced Editions of Bauldur's Gate.I won't address the expansions in this review beyond saying they expand gameplay a lot and, if you have them installed, you should enter them as soon as possible in the story for the prospect of new things to do - the White March integrates itself into the midgame seemlessly without you having to wait until the endgame.In all, I'd say it's a well polished game with a few problems from bits of story that feel cut short.  I'd recommend it to any fan of CRPG's and this is a must buy for any fan of Infinity Engine Games."
76561198007786362,Recommended,291650,23408489,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,jsancio,Great game. Almost too long.
76561197995131763,Recommended,291650,23751503,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,RiverPhoenix,"First review.  I felt this deserved one.  I am a long time fan of iso games.  This by far has lived up to all of the greats and even surpasses.  The depth and breadth of this game exceeds all of my expectations.  If you're into epic fantasy with a slight hint of diablo 1+2 gothica, this is the game for you.  Games that you can equate to this big triumph are fallout originals, commandos, desperados, diablo 1 and 2 and robin hood legend of sherwood.  Would buy Pillars of Eternity 2 10/10"
,Recommended,291650,23743272,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Vaelik,Great game. Takes me back to the days of Baldur's Gate and does a good job capturing the things that made those types of games great. Definitely looking forward to the sequel.
76561198037649406,Recommended,291650,23730455,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Tsura,"I'd like to start out by saying that I got this game because I thought it would be like Path of Exile or Divinity, and IT IS NOT.That's not to say I'm disappointed, however. The spell system takes some getting used to, because uses are limited in place of an action point system.Health(Vitality) is not the only damage system used. There is also an Endurance system that calculates the immediate damage you're taking and can cause injury, maiming, and death to your party members before their health actually drops.All in all, it's definitely an exciting experience that has provided new challenges to overcome and a more realistic take on short term and long term damage.The story telling so far has been engaging and the crafting and enchanting is fairly straight forward. There are tons of spells and paths to go down and the character creation was surprisingly extensive in terms of backstory and bonus attribute points."
76561198092599699,Recommended,291650,23717572,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Gatsu,I started an ironman run and it was going pretty well until I got crit by a bear
76561198002563960,Recommended,291650,15134830,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Amazing,"Too many game breaking bugs prevent me from reccomending this now. I should have known better than to buy an Obisidian game at release. My load times were 3 seconds at the start, now they're 40 and just traveling around the city is extremely frustrating. One of my companions has 50 points in one stat because of an item bug and can solo entire packs by himself. All my my companions inventory and quick slots were deleted because I swapped them out for different ones because surprise, it was bugged. I was playing on the hardest difficulty but out of nowhere the game switched it to easy and now I can't change it back without reloading a save thats five hours old. Don't buy this game until they fix it first."
,Recommended,291650,23846333,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Whipstyle,Best I can say is I didn't regret the $17 I paid for it.  Enjoyable but not overly memorable.  Still worth a play though.
76561198030353316,Recommended,291650,23799835,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Astrofys,"Friends of the Baldurs gate series  or the Dragon Age will feel right at home, but the story unfolds with  less clearcut choices compaired to the other games. Often there seems to be no solutions that don't have unfortunate consequences for the player later in the game, which makes you consider your choices carefully.Excellent game all around"
,Recommended,291650,23974734,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Prince,"10/10Experience it as an wonderful story that leaves you awestruck at every turn, or as a hardcore gamer master the mechanics and try to survive in Path of the Damned!!! Combat is no click and shoot, It has deep mechanics and You won't survive if you don't know what you are doing. Most of the quests are actually good and enhances lore! Fight the Dragons you always dreamt off!!!My favourite experience:There was a trap on tile in front of me and after that there were enemy. I went to disable the trap but stealth was not high enough and enemy attacked. I failed to disarm the trap too. Anyways I cleared all the enemies except 1 who was just in front of the trap. My souldbound weapon which had a chance to cast dominate did it and the enemy turned friendly for few seconds, as he started moving back to his original position being friendly the trap triggered. It was a major trap and my 2 companions had low health. They died!!! GG WP10/10"
76561198009554741,Recommended,291650,23975099,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,kjdean2,"Great game.  In-depth story line.  Great graphics, music, etc.  Don't know why they don't do voice acting throughout the entire game.  Would enhance the feel of the game.  Gameplay is challenging but has some nice mechanics and is easy to master.  Very detailed character creation capabilities.  Overall a great game.   Strongly recommend if you like the genre."
76561198065504379,Recommended,291650,23968043,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,rickdaglessMD,Good ♥♥♥♥in game yo
76561198040439405,Recommended,291650,24034284,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,maartinjuurak,"If you are a fan of Icewind Dale, Baldurs Gate or Neverwinter - you should not miss out on this game! It brings back the memories of good old RPGs I used to play (and still am) all the time."
76561198069755131,Recommended,291650,23979778,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,crawfordrussell2,"All I can say about this game in the small amount of time that I have played is wow.  For those of us who can remember spending our high school and college days playing Baldur's gate and ice wind and dale this type of CRPG is nothing new, however with its next gen graphics it offers new players with the same great experiences that we older players remember about Baldur's gate and ice wind and dale.   I am very  excited to see where the developers are going to be taking this game, it is a great game and well worth your money.  If you like fantasy role playing games and want a break from hack'n slash, this game will be right up your alley."
76561198118527643,Recommended,291650,24182454,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,MOTHER DICK,I am/was a rabid fan of the Baldur's Gate/Icewind Dale series of games. Since playing this game I believe I enjoy Pillars of Eternity more. Loving it so far. You've done justice to a great genre of RPG.
76561198288508101,Recommended,291650,30839723,Posted: 30 March,all,nathansilas748,Solid 8/10 haven't finished it yet. Lacks grasp of story for me or it'd be a 9/10
,Recommended,291650,24744690,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,redhotbillygoat,really good game
76561198068517802,Recommended,291650,24728033,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,wryeguy,"This game is excellently made in every way; music, artwork, gameplay, story (what i've played of it). I couldnt be happier. I have always been a fan of Obsidian/Black Isle and Pillars of Eternity is a display of exactly why. As PC gamers we need games like this that are home only on PC. It seems we are in or entering a second golden=age of PC RPGs and I""m glad Obsidian is here to be part of it."
,Recommended,291650,24774844,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,kamalkaf,This game is just awesome!
76561197971008749,Recommended,291650,24747718,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Rivets,"This is a master class in how to make a Role Playing Game.  This is old school, but boy, does it knock it out of the park.  This is a game that you have to play for long periods of time, and you will enjoy, not for the casual gamer.  This is a true throwback to games like Ice Wind Dale and even Baldur's Gate.  To be compared or even spoken in the same sentence, means this is a game that is a most own for all classic RPG fans!"
76561197969066488,Recommended,291650,23001836,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Warlok,Nice slow Story RPG !! Recommend this if your a fan of isometric stories !
76561198030768512,Recommended,291650,22972059,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Pumaman,"It's a fully developed world, with engaging characters. The combat is well thought out, and the game is full of UI tweaks and customisation that is obviously done by fans of the genre. A great gameplay experience."
,Recommended,291650,20889133,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,AphroninjaXD,I'm was actually sad to beat it because I feel empty without it. ;(
,Recommended,291650,20918225,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,bettinabich,"Can't recommend this game enough. =) First time playing a CRPG and it has been entirely worth it. So much to do, so much to enjoy!"
76561198029038933,Recommended,291650,16371510,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Cautet,"Reminiscent of the Balders gate series. Good game, well worth full price, but just falls shorts of being a classic.In a way it is a shame, as, whilst the Balders Gate series were extremely good, they weren't the pinicle of Interplay's achievements. It would have been nice to see Obsidian aim higher. Fallout, Planescape Torment, Mask of the Betrayer,and Bloodlines were huge steps forward from Balders Gate, and to be honest going back to Balders Gate is a step back, even though it is better than many games produced since then.The plot is OK, the lore is OK, the dialogue is OK, the combat is actualy slightly revolutionary - with in theory compromises having to be made. No one character can be everything. However, really it just means you have tanks and ranger dps. Not that exciting in practice. Combat can be challenging sometimes, but there are one or two attacks that are overpowered (such as confusion and dominate) and if those aren't used it is a breeze usually. Traps are annoying and very silly. They are disproporiate in terms of damage and they often instakill parties who are not sneaking all the time in dungeons.It is an above average CRPG."
76561198008592199,Recommended,291650,16496419,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Kitch,"The gameplay, graphics, and story are great but I can't help but feel as if there is a personal agenda from the game developers with how the story comes to an end. Overall great game and worth full price so get it on sale if you can! I'm looking forward to expansions or DLC for this one. It would have been nice to have a few improvements here and there (graphics, pathing, etc) but it's not enough to take away from the game. Some great classic elements are kept around while it flows much nicer than similar games in this category.If you're considering getting it, I'd say go for it. You shouldn't be disappointed."
,Recommended,291650,16500461,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Desmond Floyd,"Great game. Recommended.My playthrough lasted 88 hours and there is a lot of great writing/description in the story. The graphics and scenery are beautiful and well polished.However, the story itself is more serious than others in the same genre. Also, the pathfinding can be a bit wonky at times, but you can remedy this by using the pause feature more actively."
76561198056096151,Recommended,291650,30493844,Posted: 13 March,all,Your Tovarisch Uncle Joey,"The feeling of Joy I got starting up a classic cRPG again for what must have been nigh on a decade now cannot be understated, I couldn't even tell at first, it was like scrolling the camera wheel all the way back in Dragon Age Origins or Company Of Heroes with less micro-managing.But the moment your attacking a pack of wolves, moving your archer back out of melee range, pausing the game so your can set up a warrior with knock down on your mage's attacker so your caster can charge up his necrotic lance uninterrupted? yep, it was a cRPG, no mashing out moves like in The Witcher 3 or spamming whirlwing in Dragon Age Inquisition, just some good ol' fashioned positioning, ability use and a little bit of RNG.Now thats not even really doing the full game Justice, but I've only just started, the core game simply gave me that giddy feeling of finally sitting down with a proper RPG that I felt the urge to gladly gush about it in a quick first impressions.Just let me say after years of ( Definitely Excellent in their own rights) Action/RPG hybrids like Mass Effect 2 and The WItcher, I was worried that we might be done away with the cRPG genre, but games like Pillars Of Eternity show us just how many people can gladly come back, sit down, and get carpal tunnel clicking a band of 6 heroes across a dungeon, plus the excellent as always writing quality and vast choices of any Obsidian game also helps, if leaning on verbose at best. (This game also has pet Piglets)"
76561198287229421,Recommended,291650,30233781,Posted: 27 February,all,iminakhole,if you love d&d 3.5 you will love this game
,Recommended,291650,21049996,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Evaara,"Spectacular, awesome, great. My limited vocabulary can't come up with enough adjectives to praise this game.It's just that good. Buy it."
,Recommended,291650,20690153,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,JebthePleb,"Very deep, story enriched game! Must play for the RPG fan."
,Recommended,291650,22132690,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Karlak The Harvestor Of Souls,I am only 2 hours into this game and i love it already.*Will update*
,Recommended,291650,22045790,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,◔.◔,"Pretty good story, great graphics and, specially, a very fun and challenging combat system. Love the fact that it's not turn-based but requires you to pause several times to actually do well.Currently this is hands down my favorite RPG of its kind."
,Recommended,291650,22078848,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Mephis182,yes obsidian
76561197972291669,Recommended,291650,22052896,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Inf,"Closest thing to BGII you can find today. Good combat, tons of content - cool story."
76561198160545431,Recommended,291650,22073892,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,SteelWizard,"To keep it short, this game is amazing!! If your a fan of Isometric Rpg's look no further. This game is an absolue must buy. The combat is fun when you get familair with it and the lore around everything is very interesting. Obsidian/Paradox did an amazing job developing this game and I am really looking forward to the newly announced game. Well done!!!"
76561198129366705,Recommended,291650,22014652,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Qik,"""Pillars of Eternity"" is a marvelous game that delivers in spades on its promises of a lore-rich world, engrossing stories, loads of content, and deep, tactical combat as spiritual successor to the Baldur's Gate series. If you've appreciated those games this is a must buy. If you're a fan of cRPGs this is a must buy. If you're a stranger to the Infinity Engine games but love RPGs and are open to methods of presentation and game play that build on older styles then this is probably a must buy for you too.There's a lot of information available on this game, so I want to focus on the things that jumped out at me as someone who held off buying this game for almost a year after release.First and foremost, the praise for this game is not contingent on nostalgia. Yes, it is very must an extension of the Infinity Engine games of 15-20 years ago in spirit and function. But it stands on its own. The gameplay is if anything more polished, the lore and writing engrossing, the stories worthwhile. If you're afraid this game is simply derivative of its forebears, don't be.I was impressed with the many little tweaks in gameplay from the IE games. The possibility of an infinite stash, the camping mechanism, out-of-party companion quests with accompanying stories, the skill viginettes, all add to the experience of story and gameplay. It's clear that the developers have had many years to consider the strengths and weaknesses of the IE games, in that the retained the former while shoring up the latter.There is an absolute mass of content here. My thorough but not truly complete playthrough of the base game took around 90 hours. Each of the two White March expansions added ~25 hours a piece. Quests are wonderfully varied, ranging from the challenging combats of bounties to story-rich sidequests both humerous and tragic to the engrossing main quest. Quests both major and minor often afford a variety of resolutions, from the violent to the dialogue-based, both diplomatic and otherwise. While the main quests are not overwhelmingly multi-pathed, there are options for who you side with that impact both the story and the rewards. I've found enough variability in this regard to reward multiple playthroughs.NPCs are interesting and go well beyond the common archetypes. Party banter is done well. NPC sidequests could in general have been better implemented, but they're there to help round characters out all the more.The mechanics of character building and party construction reward experimentation. There's a lot of replayability from a gameplay perspective alone. After my 140 hour playthrough, I immediately started a new game on Path of the Damned difficulty and am enjoying it just as much if not more from both the gameplay and story perspectives.In short: ""Pillars of Eternity"" is highly recommended for RPG fans!"
76561198080381496,Recommended,291650,22023919,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Hrafnar,"I won't re-word the other good reviews (which are all true, btw). What I would like to review is the teams dedication to the game. Since I bought PoE shortly after release it has gone through so many patches and updates it almost feels like what I bought was a working beta. There were teething problems along the way, and I actually stopped playing after my first playthrough. I've come back to it now, with both expansions and fully up to date, and I have to say I'm pretty blown away by how much better it has become. I almost regret not coming to the party late! This game has clearly been a labour of love for the developers, and that shows in every little detail and mechanic. As long as you don't mind reading a fair bit I wholly recommend this game to any RPG fan. It's grown from a little piece of nostalgia into a very polished and sophisticated game that should satisfy old and new fans alike."
76561198055990958,Recommended,291650,22034220,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Tibiriel,"This is an amazing game! Great graphics, complex but enjoyable battle system and interesting story and lore!"
76561198001744156,Recommended,291650,22033477,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Trey,This is a love letter to fans of the old Baldur's Gate games. You start playing this and after about an hour or so you'll be yearning to see what happens next.
,Recommended,291650,21989394,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,ladythecla,"Beautiful game. I love the lore, the characters, the story, and the combat. The setting is believable, tangible, and breathtaking. I am particularly in love with how many ways there are to play this in the main game alone! Classes, races, origins, there are so many possibilities! You can weave whatever story you want, almost. Obviously there is some guidance, and this comes out sharply with regards to some of your party members. Some conversations are steering the player in one direction, but I can forgive that because there is only so far you can go before your narrative spins out of control.To start with, this is a standard party-based RPG. Where this game differs from others is that it lets you make adventurers with custom stats at inns if you dislike the NPC party members. However, if you gear your NPCs up well, combat won't be an issue. You also have to travel with NPCs for some quests, which can be annoying if you dislike dialogue with certain people (like that priest). Custom adventurers do better than the standard NPCs on higher difficulties because they can be optimized stat-wise, but if you play your cards wisely with the standard NPCs or with your main character, you won't need to mess with that too much. Now, that isn't to say combat is easy.While this isn't Dark Souls II, this game is difficult. I recommend starting on Story Mode and then migrating to easy up to normal and beyond. Maybe do a few rounds on Easy first to get your wits about you. I've gotten my kiester whipped multiple times because I didn't strategize right. You will have to micromanage everything. Set up your autopause settings wisely so that you can optimize your strategy. This is crucial for boss fights like the bounty quests you get mid-game and a difficult boss you face later on that I am still struggling with. Your persistence will be rewarded, though. Combat is difficult, but satisfying if you persist with it. Be prepared to learn and soak up the lore because this world is rich with it. I love the story the most here.Definitely recommend to those who adore fantasy (guilty) and a good RPG with party-based mechanics. Take your time, learn the ropes. Do every quest that comes your way (you need those levels...). Don't give up. Push on and you'll be slaying bosses like a pro in no time. Not going to say much about the plot other than the fact that I thoroughly enjoyed it. One of my fave fantasy stories out there and I've both read and played my fair share. You will enjoy this if you enjoyed Skyrim, the Avernum games, and or Grimrock. Give it a go! :)"
76561198021225792,Recommended,291650,22166286,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,BoggleNogget,"I've never played an RPG before, and from the little I've played it's been really great."
76561197967558245,Recommended,291650,22165287,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Seal,"Simply a fantastic modern take on the infinity engine. If you aren't used to these types of games and are coming from the action rpg style it's important to remember to remain patient. If you only care about combat and hack and slash gameplay then this is not the game for you. However, if you are looking for a game that has substance, a story you can really care about, tons of depth, loot and strategy, then this is the game for you. Also don't be afraid to play the game on easy if you are just starting. Combat is very unforgiving to new comers. Overall, I highly recommend this title. Worth every penny and more."
76561198037553902,Recommended,291650,22178885,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Azumath,+
76561198054633676,Recommended,291650,22157496,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,jaysetsfire,I loved Icewind Dale in the 90s. So I had to try this. And I did not regret.10/10
76561198002551495,Recommended,291650,21956445,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Schteek,As a BG and cRPG fan. This game nails it.
76561198020180678,Recommended,291650,19918479,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Tex,"Classic RPG Baldur's Gate fans rejoice!I love the graphics, music and overall the game.I don't like that there is still a ton of text dialogues (same as Baldur's Gate).English is not my native language and i feel that i miss allot because of that. I have trouble understanding al the dialogues."
76561198114106589,Recommended,291650,19990968,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Cixxt,I've never been more in love with a game....GET IT!
76561198030384467,Recommended,291650,19968590,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Overunity,"3 hours in, first impressions... im having a lot of fun with this game.  char creation is fun, story is fun and engaging.It feels like a lot of effort was put into this game.  Like an old D&D Baldurs Gate style of game."
,Recommended,291650,19984053,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Whiskeyjack,"This game is a gem, I highly recommend it to anyone who is a fan of isometric classic RPG's in the same vein as Baldur's Gate 1/2 & Icewind Dale."
76561198123258008,Recommended,291650,20045035,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,marijan773,A real gem. 8/10 Buy at whatever price it currently is. If you liked Icewind Dale or Baldur's Gate you'll love this one!
76561197985573658,Recommended,291650,18517650,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Any which way but Zeus,"This is it.  It's the baulders gate sequel.  It's everything you dreamed of.  Game style and game play is very much like BG. i greatly recommend this game.Get the hero edition and white march 1 and 2.Ok, after you get past the loving the game, this is the negative (i dont need to talk the positive,  its obvious):Act I is the best act.  It is sooo freakin amazing.  So challenging, so fun!!Once Act II starts, its too easy for the rest of the game.  The game doesnt properly scale for your level and characters.  So basically you just roll through.  If thats your style, then you will still love it.  If you wanted a challenge, maybe spend some hours in the od nua.About me:  This is the 1st game since Skyrim that I played over 30 hours.  Most games bore me very quickly.  I'm at 60 hours and still going, im sure i will make over 100 hours."
,Recommended,291650,21431984,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,BySplitDecision,"Pillars of Eternity is the best goddamn RPG i have played in years, and easily the best game Obsidian has ever made."
,Recommended,291650,21428439,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Arkeey,A fantastic game that took me back to gaming days of old. I found both the story and voice acting to be enjoyable. I also really enjoyed the customizable a.i.; I hope that POE2 expands on this feature!
76561198022733246,Recommended,291650,21425933,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,SynysteR,10/10 i need more of this.
,Recommended,291650,21611941,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Aldrighi,"A game with a complex battle system and a good story.In the higher difficulties expect to use every single advantage you can get, like scrolls, traps and stat boosting food and drinks.You micromanage 6 (or less, even 1 ... your choice) heroes in a game that has 11 different classes, each with their own unique spells. The priest, for example, can have up to 45+ spells when you level him up.Your choices in the dialog have impact on the game, and your skills will get you additional options in conversations.Do recommend the classic game. Did not play the expansion."
,Recommended,291650,21592370,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Vilgoth,A worthy successor to Baldur's Gate.  Very deep and involved.  Wonderful game and highly enjoyable.
76561198110703921,Recommended,291650,20444486,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,rusetrogue,I like this game :)
76561198198746128,Recommended,291650,20439146,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,!nt3l,"ill be short with this review. this game is great. like all the other positive reviews, proobably one of the best rpgs ive ever played. everything about it is amazing, and i have over 100 hrs and i still havent beat the game. definitely didnt feel like 100 hrs tho. BUY THIS GAME!"
76561197971116723,Recommended,291650,20437625,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,McMug,Everything I wanted in a modern take on Baldurs gate style rpgs. The npcs could be a bit more fleshed out but the world is interesting. I especially like the depth and strategy in combat that you don't see much anymore.I noticed that because this isn't using d&d rules it can be a bit harder to figure out how much different stats and abilities affect the game.
76561198089294152,Recommended,291650,20305635,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,nbrrii,"Catches the feeling of Baldur's Gate 2 perfectly, has beautiful graphics, develops an interesting story and has those tactical Combats from BG2. Also adds some clever game mechanics to have a bit more modern and enjoyable playstyle."
76561198006881773,Recommended,291650,20308090,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Fennris,"A fun, but stale isometric RPG. As I only have so much time to play games, I couldn't force myself to get past the boring parts and dive into the juicy stuff. There's no lack of content, that's for sure."
,Recommended,291650,20513828,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,"Timmy ""the Tip""  Tipson",game owns
,Recommended,291650,20470935,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,malexmave,"Others have written much better reviews than I ever could. All I can say is: If you liked cRPGs like Baldur's Gate, you are going to like this game. It's much more streamlined and modernized, but without dumbing it down, and it's still quite challenging.The Story is good so far (I have not finished it yet), the characters are interesting, and the game almost always gives you more than one way to solve each task. Sometimes, I'm missing a conversation option I'd like to have, but it's never something critical. The one thing I disliked so far are the immersion-breaking tombstones with messages from the backers, but I've only made the mistake of clicking one once, and they are easy to avoid.So, if you are into cRPGs, give this game a try."
76561197973976256,Recommended,291650,20464670,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Rasputin,"Great game! Reminds me of Baulders Gate, Icewind Dale and some elements from Neverwinter Nights...which I realize now is just saying that this game reminds me of D&D. Only a D&D campaign with an Illithid as the DM. Not the evil...mind rapey type...more like memory altering pimp?"
,Recommended,291650,20431346,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Draugtaur,"This is like prayer to gamedev gods (which we created ourselves), like redemption from all the rubbish of last 10 years."
,Recommended,291650,20462672,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,tuncstic,"Quite an enjoyable game. Not up to the standard of Dragon Age, but still pretty good. The story line is interesting (if perhaps a little woo-woo for my taste). The characters are well fleshed out. Combat and controls are well designed. Inventory and skill management is smooth. The combat AI is good enough that most of the time you don't have to micro-manage your party if you don't want to.There is a rich variety of character types, and you can experiment with all of them in the course of one play-through, if you're so inclined. I didn't do that but, being a completionist, I did everything else, and I logged 215 hours of time on my one play-though. This may be a bit misleading, because for quite a few of those hours the game was on hold while I added missing information to the Official Pillars of Eternity wiki.I have a few quibbles:- Load times start short, but get pretty long by the end of Chapter 2 - about 2 minutes at startup, and about 30 seconds for scene changes. Saved games are also big - about 4MB. They say they are working on this, but no fix has been released as of this writing.- Several important dialog options, especially in Chapter 2, require high levels of specific unchangeable character attributes, and there is litte guidance on this at initial character creation time. To get it right, you have to read the walk-throughs that other players have written, or else play the game all over again with a new character. I liked the game, but not enough to do that.- You are not returned to the world after beating the boss, so there is no opportunity to complete anyhing you missed.These quibbles are not show-stoppers, and shouldn't stop you from trying out this great game."
76561197967358516,Recommended,291650,20467021,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,chille_dawg,"If you enjoyed the Baldurs Gate or Icewind Dale series this game will not leave you dissappointed! The game play is very familiar for someone who's played an isometric RPG before and the world has been very fleshed out and feels like there is a lot of very indepth lore there. Graphics are great and the voice acting is top notch so really, do yourself a favour and get this game!"
,Recommended,291650,20517464,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,EternalTrumpPresidency,"PoE is a top down RPG reminiscent of Baldur's gate. If you enjoyed Baldur's gate, you'll definitely enjoy PoE. The story is compelling and the game has difficulty levels that are challenging depending on your skill level. This is a game you'll get a lot of mileage out of. The class and character customization are excellent and the spells and the combat are imaginative and a joy to use. If you get overwhelmed you can slow down time and pause to figure out your strategy.There is a lot of reading and storytelling in the game which is an important part of the story and the gameplay. There are dozens of status effects and combat rules that you can read through. These aren't necessary to understand to win, particularly on lesser difficulties, but if you enjoy taking your time to learn a cool system it's very rewarding.You have the choice to be good or evil and also to destroy your companions or raise them up with you. You get a custom stronghold that you can build in and collect taxes from. You can also send your least favorite companions on adventures to get loot for you so you don't have to deal with them.Developing your character throughout the game is a lot of fun and PoE is highly recommended."
76561198001590639,Recommended,291650,20473768,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Necro von Brutal,"I cannot stop playing, pure rpg at it´s best."
76561198167588164,Recommended,291650,15191264,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Makeke,Amazing Game!My GF would love it too!........Actually.........I should go see if she lives here anymore.
,Recommended,291650,20150606,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,pew,best game ever :3
,Recommended,291650,20141133,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Lise Dion,"Great, immersive game with excellent writing. If you want to be part of a great adventure, Pillars of Eternity is the way to go."
76561197966983580,Not Recommended,291650,17664080,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,middlefinger,"i tried to get into all the corners of the game and yet.. i find it trivial and boring, same combat simulation because everything else suck.The game is okay, but it gets boring, and the fact you have to run back to town after new fireplace supplies all the time is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥.i do not recommend it since these annoying things like fireplace supplies to prolong the game due to a lack of content, even tho the game is well made.""The lack of content resulted in the game was made boring"" - and with that i can say i did not bother to finish the game since i grew so bored of the repeatable combat moves...and most battles are done before you are even near done with casting spells (easy win)*UPDATE*I forgot to tell i never actually got to finish the game since i thought it was so boring in the end."
,Recommended,291650,25192372,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Ben,"Do you like Baldur's Gate?  If you're reading this review, then you probably do.  You should get this game.  It's not perfect, but its better than anything else we've had in a long time.  Throw your money at Obsidian, they deserve it."
76561198190804807,Recommended,291650,16291076,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Solaris,"Scénario bien écrit, quêtes annexes excellentes, en fait 95 h passées sans ennui, ni sentiment de répétition. Certes les définitons sont à l'ancienne, le monde est moins ouvert qu'un Skyrim, on se sent par moments un peu ""guidé"" mais l'histoire est prenante et les personnages attachants. Un bon RPG, solide, abordable en mode facile avec de très bonnes interactions. Les autres modes doivent être terrifiants à aborder... Faut aussi avouer que j'aime lire et relire et ce jeu est vraiment pour des fanas de lecture sinon on passse un peu à côté.Toutefois, après avoir joué à Divine Divinity 2, original sin (plus ancien et dans le même style), je révise un peu cette évaluation. Bien que plus difficile pour rentrer dans la peau du personnage, Divine divinity m'a pourtant procuré, sur l'ensemble du jeu, beaucoup plus de sensations. Je noterais donc pillar à 7/10 et divine divinity à 8/10, en terme de comparaison. Si vous recherchez du RPG à ""l'ancienne"", ces deux titres vous accrocheront certainement."
76561198039545550,Recommended,291650,24673666,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,reverend2121,"Amazing.If you're a fan of isometric RPGs, this is a must-have. Hell, if you're a fan of RPGs in general, this is a must-have. Top-notch storytelling, dynamic and interesting combat, fully realized high-medieval fantasy world chock-full of history and lore and creative characters.I purchased Pillars along with both expansions during the last summer sale, and I don't think I've been happier with a Steam purchase in a long time. While I wouldn't say the expansions are a must-have, they are completely worth it, and they introduce a lot of great things (like soulbound items and level limit increase) while giving you more of the game itself to love.If I had one complaint it would be the level limit. Even with the enhanced level limit from having both expansions, I capped out my ""primary"" party very early in my play time, I'd say a little over half way. Character development is a huge deal to me; one of my favorite aspects of a good RPG is gaining those levels and placing those skills and talents. I understand the arguments about being overpowered for the game content at higher levels, but I always figured that's what the difficulty setting was for.Speaking of difficulty, I played Pillars on normal, and got my butt kicked quite a few times. You really need a well-balanced party and solid tactical skills to complete this game on the harder difficulty settings. With that being said, a lot of the most difficult fights are part of skippable side quests, and a lof of the more difficult storyline-related fights are avoidable through dialogue options.Mmmm....dialogue options. One of the best parts of this game. Multiple solutions to every problem your party faces, a wonderful reputation system that actually influences future interactions with others, fully developed characters with their own personalities and motivations...I just can't say enough about it.This game doesn't hold your hand, either...there's no map marker showing you where to go to complete your next quest, although 90% of the time the clues in your journal are pretty easy to figure out.Overall, 9/10.  Easily in the top 5 isometric CRPGs I've ever played."
76561198093260511,Recommended,291650,24824037,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Keibal,"A really good RPG exactly in the style of the old classics like Baldur's Gate, PlaneScape and Ice Wind dale. If you like the classical european fantasy setting this game is for you. It is like playing Dungeons & Drangons with an entirely new world, lore and classes. Also LOTS of written text and descriptions."
76561198196273535,Recommended,291650,24826613,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,BR,"Brillliant game. The attention to detail, the storyline. It is not an easy game. Will require anyone to understand the dnamics of staking different items, spells, abilities, charachter traits etc to win. But the sheer amount of stuff that can be done in this game makes it a definite purchase."
,Recommended,291650,24610737,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Capybard,"Pillars of Eternity is a brilliant cRPG, a worthy successor of classics like Baldur's Gate, Planescape: Torment and Icewind Dale. The story is dense and poignant, the characters are well-defined and quite complex, and the combat is incredibly solid, sure to please players of all skill levels. It also looks great and the music is amazing.If you're a fan of cRPGs and/or pen & paper RPGs, you really need to play Pillars of Eternity!"
,Recommended,291650,24646826,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Psepeelka,"The game lets you have a bear start out following with you, and it lets you name him Sir Bearington. 10/10"
76561198010523314,Recommended,291650,24612287,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Badgerbonanza,"I've not played Baldur's Gate or any of the old Infinity Engine games, but I love a good RPG and this definitely falls into that category. Don't be put off by the simplistic looks, there's a lot to love about this game.The Good -* The story telling is excellent. The main plot is a little far fetched, but I was really drawn in by the characters, conversation and questlines* The graphics are a little basic (although I suspect this is deliberate) but I loved the art style and the music* The combat system works well. It's similar to the real-time combat with tactical pausing employed in Dragon Age Origins (Although I appreciate this was probably based on Baldur's Gate and it's contemporaries). It keeps the pace up but retains the tactical depth.The Not So Good -* I love the music but the combat music does get repetitive after a while* There isn't much variety in the items you can collect. I expected some more interesting loot towards the end game but it was generally the same crap throughout* There was a difficulty spike towards the end of the game. This resulted in me being under levelled for the final boss and standing next to no chance. Thankfully the game warns you when you're entering the final dungeon (And I think it creates an extra save if I remember correctly) so you can return to the main game world to level up if needed. Was slightly annoying to have to backtrack thoughHowever the good far outweighs the bad, and the bad are mostly minor gripes. I'd recommend this game to anyone who enjoys RPGs, regardless of your experience of the older games this is based on."
76561198096386388,Recommended,291650,24589899,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Zenchicken,"In short:Pillars of Eternity is a good, story-rich RPG game.If you liked old school D&D games like, Baldures Gate, then there's a high chance you'll like this one as well.Pillars of Eternity seems to be as similiar as possible to those old school successes, only without the original D&D 3 rules, but something very similiar.I give it a 7/10For a crowd-founded game it's a huge success in my opinion.Pros:+ Story rich. The main story and side-quests mostly contain an excellent story.+ Nice combat tactics. It's not as good as the original games with the D&D rules but it's still damn good+ A lot of spells. Every spell-casting class in the game has its own huge collection of spells to choose from.+ Creating your own companions mid-game and re-rolling a character mid-game are both extremely good features. In the old D&D games once you mess up a character build that's it, but this game lets you retry different builds mid-game! That's awesomeCons:- Outdated graphics. I think Baldures Gate did a slightly better job, and it was released in 1998- Combat is super short. You either die or kill in around 2 minutes for every battle in this game- No narration for most of the dialogue. Maybe I'm pampered but still it would be nice- Hiravius (the druid companion) is bugged, don't add him to your party- Money is not an issue. Seriously, when I cleared out a den of bad guys I would just loot everything, sell it and get an insane amount of money (20k+), then I would just buy the best gear I could find immediatly after and get over-powered real quick."
76561198007293718,Recommended,291650,26016599,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Scooby Doo,Great Game
76561198098818788,Recommended,291650,26095648,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,MoonShadow,"Wonderful game. I love the diversity in spells and abilities, the creative races that are completely unique to this game, and the truly interesting and surprising storytelling. A very unique plotline. Plus I really appreciate the ability to create my own companions, so I can create my dream team. I also love that you can choose your background and history, and that it actually affects your characters skills. Great gameplay, even if it is a bit difficult. But if you don't care about achievements you can just use cheats to give you that little boost so it's more relaxed. Honestly, my one of my all-time favorite games. Absolutely 10/10 if you like RPGs."
76561198065979350,Recommended,291650,26096120,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Sentinel,Best game ever.
,Recommended,291650,26059145,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Kelliente,"Classic RPG done right. There's definitely a bit of a learning curve with the combat, but it keeps encounters challenging and and you don't often find yourself feeling like you can just steamroll through an area. The characters are multidimensional and interesting, with the storytelling revealed gradually through interactions, conversations and quests that make it rewarding to get to know your travelling companions. The world-building and storytelling is very deep with an interesting plot line. Highly recommended but be prepared to sink a lot of time into it. The going is not easy or quick, and like all things worth getting you have to work for it."
76561198066784451,Recommended,291650,26061891,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Gsizzle,Really great game similar to Baldur's Gate 1 and 2 in combat style. Inventory is never a problem which can be seen as a downside but its just one less thing to worry about when you want to just wander aimlessly.
76561198061977543,Recommended,291650,19823913,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Azzjole,"Was not super impressed with this at release, but now that it has party AI I'm fully on board. Probably an 8 or 9 out ten now that I don't have to micromangage every god damn thing my party does."
76561198085454373,Recommended,291650,19831399,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Olorin the wise,"The character/race/class system is well developed and very balanced. Some more RPG, like more companions and companion's  alignement would be welcome. Have not played it so much but, so far, its a good game"
,Recommended,291650,15078520,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Morte tha Talking Skull,Its everything i would have expected and wanted from obsidain in their quest to make a baldurs gate spiritual sucessor. one point i would like to note is that it is much darker than baldurs gate. the story and setting can be very grim.
76561198030962210,Recommended,291650,25877377,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Jeebuus,Love the game! I like the story and game play. Very fun to build characters and strategize on party make-up.
,Recommended,291650,25878678,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Galveraxe,Very text/story heavy which can be seen as good or bad to different people.Similar to the Baldur's Gate / Neverwinter Nights and games of that kind.I found it enjoyable and would recommend to those who like those games.
,Recommended,291650,25862009,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,spooky Zach_,If you played Ice Wind and Dale or Baldurs Gate and enjoyed them you will definitely enjoy this game.
76561198029845108,Recommended,291650,20167065,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,ESonix,"From a long time RPG enthusiast who has not recently played a lot of isometric ""old school"" games, I was surprised by how completely engaging and fun I found this game.  It's not just the story and graphics - which are both excellent - but they also really nailed a lot of the other nuances and refinements (leveling, character classes, user interface) that make a game like this a joy to play.  This is really a beautiful and refined exemplification of the genre, highly recommended!A side note for OSX users:  I have been running this flawlessly on a 2015 MBP retina on the highest graphics settings, kudos to the dev's for supporting this platform so well!"
,Recommended,291650,25911080,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Sh1fter,One of the best games I've played for years. Each of the addons add layers of extra difficulty on top of new and valuable characters. Genuinely can't wait for a sequal and Tyranny.
,Recommended,291650,25922536,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Eldrad,"Great game, if you liked the early infinity engine games then you'll feel spoilt playing this. My only complaint is that the story is rather linear."
76561198006605318,Recommended,291650,26420108,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Disco Stu,"D&D Grammar LessonTo be. Conjugate. Repeat after me.I am an elf.You are an elf.He is an elf. Is she an elf?We are all elves, and dwarves, and halflings.I really hope she is an elf.There are too many he-elves around here.Simple present: I have five pounds of dice.Simple past: I killed thirteen orcs.Conditional: If I had known your mom couldn’t drive, I would have brought the pizza. Dork.Present perfect: Ethan has player D&D every Friday night for five years straight.Future perfect: By senior year I will have kissed a girl. A real one.Adjectives:Write the comparative and superlative forms of the following adjectives:Awesome: Awesomer. Awesomest.Evil. Eviler, Evilest.Wicked, More wicked. Cool.Vocabulary:Open your Dungeon Masters guides to page 123.Use any of the following “♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ phrases” in a sentence:Slovenly trull, cheap trollop, saucy tart, wanton wench,expensive doxy, aged madam, rich panderer, brazen strumpet.Repeat.Dialogue:Caroline: Zorg, est-ce que tu veux aller au cinema avec moi?(Caroline: Zorg, do you want to go to the movies with me?)Zorg: Non. Me detest toi.(Zorg: Non. Me hate you.Zorg est malfaisant chaotique.(Zorg is chaotic evil.)Conjunctions. Co-ordinate conjunctions include: and, but, or, nor, for and yet.I became ill by eating the Cheetos and drinking all the Dew.The jocks should have arrived or will be arriving soon to take our dice away.The Dungeon Master had promised to not to kill us but did not keep his promise."
76561198032369915,Recommended,291650,26426804,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,vukodlak,"If I had to describe Pillars in one sentence, it would've been this: I haven't felt so immersed into a world since Morrowind. Having recently completed it again with White Marches I also confirmed for myself the game's replay value just for this sense of immersion. I'm sure I'll be returning to it every now and again in the future, it certainly goes to my classics list.The world the player is thrust into is oozing with almost palpable gloom. A land ravaged by war is now suffering from a terrible affliction - the children are being born soulless. Is it a curse? Is it a disease? Is it divine retribution? No one knows, no one can tell, all they do know is that it's been going on for years and there're no signs of things getting better. But because no one has an explanation, the sense of despair and urgency is more pressing than most Big Bad Ancient Evil villains. Desperate times invite desperate measures. Cults and charlatans are running amok, tensions and scapegoating are reaching fever pitch.And as far as storytelling goes it only gets better. I don't think any game ever made me consistently squirm so much about 'the right thing to say/do' in various situations. And with it invited a lot of introspection - something very few games ever do. Furthermore, to its credit Pillars doesn't shy away from punishing good intentions. A couple of unexpected outcomes, even while they were comparatively 'bad', impressed me to the point of 'wow, THAT happened...' (In stark contrast to Wasteland 2's Prison debacle that caused only anger at the writers.)Companions and their quests are something else entirely too in their uniqueness. Almost none of them have true movie style happy endings and they may seem pointless to some, but they all have a couple of themes in common - dealing with uncertainty, handling your past and making sense of your duty.Dealing with uncertainty is probably the main undercurrent of Pillars. A lot of people seem to think it's too dark and depressing, I would've rather called it subtle and low-key, and the mood it evokes - contemplative. And how many other games inviting their audiences to grapple with such issues are out there? In my opinion it is a rich and mature story, set in interesting and picturesque world, supported by great artwork and well fitting music, and designed from ground up with actual role playing in mind, offering a lot more ways to meaningfully express your character with words and deeds than most (any other?) RPGs of this decade.It's not all doom and gloom too. A personal pet peeve of mine are all those reviews that decry ""boring"" companions. And unfortunately Sawyer's conclusion too was introducing more lighthearted sidekicks (as per his 'lessons from Pillars'). Excuse me, MORE lighthearted? Is Hiravias not lighthearted? Is Zahua not lighthearted? Isn't everyone else delighted with Devil's sardonic quips? What about all the moments of levity involving Eder or Aloth? The ever-cheerful Kana Rua is not lighthearted? /eyeroll I can only hope Obsidian won't overreact to this.Of course, Pillars is not only story. There's combat too, and plenty of it. My opinion on combat is mixed, this micromanagement fest obivously is not going to be everyone's cup of tea. It can be deep and rewarding (there's loads of material here to push minmaxers and theorycrafters to get those ridiculous achievements like Triple Crown Solo), but for me - an average person who just happens to play a lot - it felt lacking in a few areas. For example, in my 300+ hours I never learned to appreciate chanters and priests. And I'm one of those people frustrated by spell / rest mechanics that turns spellcasters into a burden most of the time and makes them shine only during major encounters. That said, I truly enjoyed fighting in WM1 and WM2 on hard difficulty, and the ultimate fights felt truly epic. Fortunately, if you find combat to be an unbearable slog (and I do understand why quite a few people would), there's story time mode that should allow you to focus on the story. It's well worth it."
76561198039555822,Recommended,291650,26420795,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Pug,"Greatest surprise game.  I'm not usually a fan of slower combat in games, but the complexity of decisions you have to make even on normal difficulty make the game worthwile, all while having a great story and housing (somewhat)."
76561198035450493,Recommended,291650,16591421,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,JII,Simply the best obsidian game to date. They fixed their bugs listened to the community and lovingly developed this game. Still playing part 1 and part 2 years later.
,Recommended,291650,20126373,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Toastasaurus Rex,"So the first time I started this game, it crashed every 5th thing I did. Constantly, all the time. Apparently my computer was just archaic and worthless, but this is important not because the game has strong bug potential (I switched to a reasonably modern machine and she's runnign beautifully) but as a statement that despite not being able to level up and spending over an hour at points just trying to get through one goddamn door... that I kept coming back to this thing.It is AMAZING. If you're at all into exploring a world and a story and a setting in a game like this, this will be your game. The Combat as alright, it's interesting, it doesn't feel like a waste of your time, but it's clearly not the main attraction. The main attraction is the dark, deep, beautiful world depicted in gorgeous maps and sharp-as-nails writing. This is Obsidian Entertainment doing it again, and by God can they make hauntingly beautiful games. And this one's actually finished, sweet!If you have any interest in this type of RPG, then have no fear. This is the place."
76561198057549425,Recommended,291650,26619122,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Azktor,"Amazing!One the best RPG game I've played the past few years. It has a really good history, also playing on hard dificulties make it pretty challenging! Which makes it really fun to me.Also there is a lot of classes and races to choose from, so I can see replaying it a couple of times in the future.SCORE: 9.1/10"
76561198127467468,Recommended,291650,26703760,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Sko3n,"The combat in this game is not all that fun because of the AI, the main story is not the most interresting either. But the world and artstyle combined with the music and alot of really cool side missions made me hold on and really enjoy this game! I love obsidian and i hope their next game is even better than this little gem"
,Recommended,291650,26963020,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ラシ＿プロ,"Really pleased with this one, I felt like going back in time to play those old games"
76561197970637982,Recommended,291650,26936202,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,napervilleRob,If you like RPG's particularly those with adventuring teams you would be hard pressed to find a more enjoyable game. The only criticism I have is that the combat is not turn based so I find myself stopping the action with the spacebar more than I would like to admit.
76561198047329625,Recommended,291650,27002877,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,stheriault86,"Good tactical game play, realy good story, well put together. good going devs."
,Recommended,291650,15079612,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,john_sideburnz,just cant describe how much i am enjoying this game. sure there might be a bug or two at certain parts but its nothing major.  love it reminds me of D&D with a mix of Diablo and Nox throw in Baldur's gate and this is its child.
,Recommended,291650,15079713,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,nil nimium,"In the words of Tony the Tiger, ""... GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRREAT!"""
,Recommended,291650,15079850,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,jonnyzero,"Pillers of Eternity is an absolute masterpiece and a return to form for Obsidian. Using Kickstarter removed the shackles of a traditional publisher and meant that Obsidian could make the game that they wanted, and that their fans wanted.With echos of the Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale and Tormant games, Pillers of Eternity takes its rightful place as one of THE great cRPG games for the PC.It's basically a must buy."
76561197987337979,Recommended,291650,15079835,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,ThereAreCatsAroundUS,Best CRPG of year 2015 so far.
76561197973236217,Recommended,291650,15080192,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,DDAlink,"Restores a bit of my faith in the future of gaming,"
,Recommended,291650,15080624,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Anemicman,Remembers what's best from old PC RPGs without feeling like it can't learn from more recent games. Real good.
76561197997577965,Recommended,291650,15080728,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Maquiame,"Just a fantastically wonderful game, I have never written a review here but if you love the old school rpgs of yesteryear you will love this one. What's even better? Personally I like this game better than Baldur's Gate 1&2. The world lore is much better, much more inclusive when it comes to the human sub races (Viva to the Vailians!) and the world doesn't seem trite and just some clone of some Dungeons and Dragons setting.Buy this game and buy it now. If you are a POC get it immediately, the Vailians are the best black race in ANY fantasy world since the Redguard and Elonians of Guild Wars: Nightfall."
76561198205188516,Recommended,291650,15080868,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Sir Mornir of Godswood,"Hey! Highly recommended. Lot of fun. I was expecting Baldur's Gate 3 and when some little aesthetic things at the beginning were different, I started wondering if I was going to like it that much. But I do! Highly recommended. Worth it at full price.I really like the different races they add to the fantasy setting (Though one is basically an improvement on halfling, there are five options like you've never seen before!) and the ""Chanter"" class is the Bard class as it always should have been. I'm only like 7 or 8 hours in though. Still, really enjoying it. Very pleased with my purchase."
,Recommended,291650,15080912,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,[HKG] Paperwork,I regret not participating in the Kickstarter.
,Recommended,291650,15081306,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Balanced,Beautiful game. Challenging. Moneys worth!
76561198027633836,Recommended,291650,15081586,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Hippopotamus Rex,"Its ♥♥♥♥ing great. Seriously, I haven't enjoyed a game this much since Morrowind came out. Do your self a favor a just buy it already. If you don't enjoy it, stick to Call of Duty."
76561197968297297,Recommended,291650,15081729,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,JoJoxy,brilliant recreation of infinity engine games
76561198160991881,Recommended,291650,15082113,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Ominous Jellyfish,"Great Game, Old school feel looks like DIablo 2 Great interactive features.  A must play for any fans of RPG's."
76561198095083896,Recommended,291650,15082326,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,OneCheekyKunt,"if u combined Baldurs Gate 2 with Dragon Age Origins (minus the romance) this game would be the byproducton a personal note, i would prefer a less dark world/environments but that is one of only a few things i would change about this game so far"
76561197960794487,Recommended,291650,15082412,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,e.MiDNiGHT,Character creation alone is worth the money.   game is awesome
76561197971227756,Recommended,291650,15082453,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Match,Love it!
,Recommended,291650,15082483,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Bryan Cranston,"As an avid D&D player, I give this game a natural 20."
76561198158098667,Recommended,291650,27638122,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,InTheNameOfTrance,"Verdict IMO: 8.5/10Graphic: old school RPG design. Great rendering and shadow effects. Colourful and vivid.Music: Excellent! I even listen to the soundtracks now and then.Game control: Point-and-Click style. At first, it was confusing about how to move the map and navigate, but when you get used to it, it gets better.Story: so, much, lore. I bought the collector's edition guide book. And just for the lore, the replayability is definitely there.Combat: Awesome! Each hit or each spell casting is responsive and satisfying.Absolutely recommended."
76561198089263356,Recommended,291650,27887073,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BAR00,"I loved Baldur's Gate 1 & 2, and Neverwinter. The reviews for this game are great. The content is great, story (so far), the look, and the dynamics. But it's hard. I appreciate the difficulty because nowadays games can be too easy. The creaters obviously put a lot of heart and love into this game. It really does show.But I just can't get into this game. I don't know why. I really like it, and I recommend it, but it's not sticking out for me, personally. I suggest YOU try it, however, because it just might be your favourite game ever."
76561198107140434,Recommended,291650,27977438,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,FrankSinatra,You can own a pet. 5/5
,Recommended,291650,27977628,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hardstuck in D2,"If you liked Fallout 1&2, or youre a fan of KOTOR, this is definatly the game for you"
76561197962451491,Recommended,291650,27831021,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Drunken Master,"Pillars of Eternity delivers in all categories. Gameplay is superb, with a vast original world, while the graphics and audio do a fantastic job of immersing the player in said world. But the storywriting is the real gem, the game reads like a novel."
76561198030767154,Recommended,291650,28006639,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Vergil,"The product of an age of game design reliant solely on good writing and very mechanical gameplay. Pillars of Eternity set out to be a spiritual successor to the Baldur's Gate series of old (not to be confused with the Dark Alliance games for the PS2), and for the most part it accomplished this feat with shinning laurels.Very reliant on the interest of the player to read the text and understand nuances of dialogue choices that, most of the time, don't boil down to simple ""Good"" or ""Bad"", Pillars of Eternity will immerse you in an universe tailored to feel familiar for those who played through, or read, any Forgotten Realms game or novel.Don't be fooled by similarities, however, Pillars of Eternity might look and feel like an old Dungeons and Dragons game but be ready to spend a good portion of time reading through text in order to understand the gameplay and how its systems work. If you are able to grasp the basic concepts of the combat, skill checks and dialogue choices then you will be up for an amazing time. Although I do have to point out that even if you don't have basic notions of how the old Baldur's Gate games worked, Pillars of Eternity does a good job of explaining if you have the patience for reading.I do admit that the story of Pillars of Eternity felt very overwhelming at first, and I did not feel safe at the start with the ammount of freedom the game gives you to explore a world you barely know. But if you are able to get past this begining part, the overall game will give you safe havens and things you learn to trust (or not to trust) and a very compelling story if, again, you have the patience to read.So overall, Pillars of Eternity is a very welcome addition to the genre and will keep you entertained if you are interested."
76561197975893751,Recommended,291650,27522488,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Non-Bio,"Great Game, that's it."
76561198022730251,Recommended,291650,27520785,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ho_bean22,"Well, I was like maybe it is time I went out and found a girlfriend, then I found this game. Takes me back to my teenage years playing Baldurs Gate. This game is epic and I'm not even very far into the game. 10/10!!!!"
76561198041013930,Recommended,291650,27510519,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Benjaminotaur,"Good game.  The storyline was compelling enough and the gameplay was good as what it set out to be.  It seems like there is a point at which it feels like you don't want to press on, maybe something about the pace, I don't know.  If that happens make sure to write a note about what you were doing, and come back later.  It deserves to be finished."
,Recommended,291650,27508889,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Myrrinth,"Great RPG - reminds me of a lot of classic CRPGs with enteraining plot and dialogue.  A worthy purchase, and a lot of fun."
76561198032016949,Recommended,291650,27558858,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,freezebug,"A true gem if you enjoy party based rpgs. If you're coming from, say neverwinter nights, then you'll notice that this system is fairly differant. you can be a paladin who isn't Lawful for instance. Highly recomended."
,Recommended,291650,27476537,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PyreDragoon,This game is great if you are looking for a throwback to D&D ruleset CRPGs.
,Recommended,291650,27463312,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Murabito A,One of the proof why you must let Obsidian do their things freely.
76561198087543759,Recommended,291650,23806177,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,White Knight,"There aren't evil characaters in your companion, this is the only complain I have. But, over this little thing, the game is awesome. You don't need GRIDING in this game to be expert. Some guys see griding as a good thing, if you share this vision, the game has a con to you."
76561198136253053,Recommended,291650,23808474,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,mcnick,the depths of this game's  mechanics is amazing..the race got their own class.and different attributes there are just so many choices to begin with..the spells n skills  to choose from..the only cons for me are..1)sometimes i accidentally hit my own allies2)The loading time is a bit too much too often.3) i am so used to beautiful character faces n body here they all look really barbarictime flies when u r playing this game.......go FORTH~!
,Recommended,291650,23803647,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Revenge of Newton,"Pillars of Eternity is a brilliant game. The RPG elements have been streamlined without being dumbed down. The class system and playstyles are diverse and make for great replay value. The story is well thought out and better yet, not handed to you in a silver platter. You have to read and do quests to learn more about the world. The non-kickstarter writing is good. The pacing could be a little better, as it's possible to have hours of combat without breaks or hours of running around in a city without combat. The higher dificulty levels are brutal for those of us who don't spend 24/7 learning how to min/max everything. Overall, a great game. Highly Recommend."
76561198046341325,Recommended,291650,24008259,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,uxorioushornet,AAAAAAWWWWWWW YIIISSSSSSSSS!! Scratched that itch that I've had since beating Baldur's gate back in the 90's! So good!
76561198039877542,Recommended,291650,28361578,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,lttlgrngiant,Great game in the vein of Baldur's Gate.
76561197964136132,Recommended,291650,28318500,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,SuperMegaPieMan,So nostalgic! Brings back memories of Baldur's Gate. Wonderfully written story and so much to discover! Strangely system demanding though.
,Recommended,291650,28323944,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Thom,Pretty good
,Recommended,291650,28321656,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Mr Glass,"A very good RPG.  Well-made, lots of lore...nothing bad to be said about it."
,Recommended,291650,28320057,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,WλR HOG 419,"Great game, just wish it had multiplayer. :\"
,Recommended,291650,27375901,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,IanFitC,"A well overdue classic isometric CRPG, and it pushes all the buttons that made the classic games in this genre great - and then some.I still haven't played the DLC campaigns yet, but I really hope to see a sequel arrive by the time I eventually do fly through the additional content."
76561198040812390,Recommended,291650,27354133,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MelHowell,This game reminds me a lot of those infinity engine games that I love.
76561197999456639,Recommended,291650,27342172,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sulfaen,"If you like Baldurs gate or Icewind dale this is game for you.New fantasy world of pillars of etenity have everything what those old CRPG have.Great story,world,companions,wrighting and character creation.I can only recomend this."
76561198052385248,Recommended,291650,27278195,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GhostCat,A really good game with a fantastic world.The story  pulled me in right away.  There's a lot of  writing that gives information of this wonderful world (which I appreciate)It took me some time to understand the game Mechanic  (I'm not use to play party base game) But I found out that I really enjoy it.  The companions are diverse and very interesting.A must play.
,Recommended,291650,27297726,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,pandorra,"I know its oldschool, but I'll be damned if it isn't a great game."
,Recommended,291650,27692917,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Daigen,Great game and a return to a true party based RPG. The writing is excellent and really draws you into the characters and story.
,Recommended,291650,27691124,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Acebulf,This game is a great old-style isometric RPG. Buy it
,Recommended,291650,27684989,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ˈfænsi,played it for a while now. the only things I don't like are partymember AI and sometimes the way the screen gets too crowded when fighting.Story and companion characters are beautifully written and I adore the little text choice adventure parts that happen from time to time.
76561197968311273,Recommended,291650,27866631,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Stormblast,Must have game for CRPG enthusiastics
,Recommended,291650,27864051,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tomikir,"Getting a really nice Baldur's Gate feeling from this game.Some parts are maybe a little bit too close (some avoidable cut scenes and spells) but it's nice to see that this type of game is still alive and enjoyable.The writing is also stellar, making every quest and character enjoyable."
76561197965008926,Recommended,291650,28133450,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Hollow Crash,If you played the Icewind Dale games this game is for you. Its strong and challenging in all the right ways. Defintately suggest if you enjoy true RPG.
76561197970130742,Recommended,291650,15125036,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Don Soto,"After 20 minutes with Pillars of Eternity I feel like I'm 13 again, setting out on my first Baldur's Gate adventure. It made me feel like I'm taking the first steps on a grand adventure in a world I don't fully understand but can't wait to explore. It made me realise how far short of the high standard of BG 1&2 almost every other game since then has fallen.I've spent a lot more time playing it since then and the game has continued to be excellent. Challenging combat. Interesting story with a decent helping of mystery and whodunnit. Looks fantastic. Everything well written and cohesively presented."
76561198009289554,Recommended,291650,28125626,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Pineal Dub,"If you liked Baldur's Gate, Neverwinter Nights, or Icewind Dale, you'll love this.My only major beef is that the AI system does not allow for any customization or macros. This means you either let your party members operate autonomously or you have to micro-manage. There should be an option to set which abilities are cast first upon start of combat and what targets they prioritize. Often times I feel that combat is overly tedious for minor encounters. However, combat is just one facet of this immensely beautiful game with a compelling storyline and characters."
76561198006759984,Recommended,291650,28128785,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Olleus,"I'm not a huge player of RPGs (the last I've played are the Dragon Age 1&2, Divinity Orginal Sin, and Skyrim), but I can honestly say that this game went straight to my heart. The dialogue is great and there are so many options that immediately after completing it I felt the urge to play it again with a different character with a different personality. I came to this game more the paradox than the obsidian side as I'm a huge fan of strategic games. This game obviously doesn't play like an RTS but there are still some strategic sources - but dont buy this game expecting a fantasy CK2 or EU4, it isn't that.That being said, the game does have some pretty blatant flaws. The main one is the wealth of statistics and numbers that the game throws at you from the second you launch it. There are stats that effect stats that affect stats that actually affect something that matter. I can sense the Paradox influence here of sometimes confusing making these more complicated rather than making them intricate or interesting. The way stacking sometimes works and sometimes doesn't adds to this. That said, as a casual player you can ignore the precise numbers and go along with what sounds good. Other problems involve the dull and uninspiring way crafting/enchanting/unique weapons are handled and pretty bad AI in path finding.But these are relatively minor flaws in an otherwise excellent game. Highly recommended for anyone with even a passing interesting in RPGs."
76561198146241336,Recommended,291650,28104603,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Hank,Great old school RPG
76561198066074258,Recommended,291650,28089185,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,hockeykarl,One of the best games I have played!
,Recommended,291650,28016622,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mr. Snakes,Games of this level just dont happen often enough.
76561198031865688,Recommended,291650,28008575,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Augustus St. Cloud,"Fun game, but running into high level mobs is a pain"
76561197979375972,Recommended,291650,15242605,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Kawaii senpai,"I think it's really nice.Due to the bugs and all, it is not like the old times, but for someone who is fed up with playing the old storys again and again it is pretty well done..."
,Recommended,291650,28210567,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,I AM THE LAW,Very solid game. Ive enjoyed the entirety of my time playing thus far and still havent gotten to the end. Plenty long. Interesting storyline. Immersive. If you enjoy isometric RPG's you will enjoy this. If you are interested in getting into isometric RPG's this is a good game to start out in. The only complaints I have are pretty nitpicky. I very much so recommend this game.
76561197997526880,Recommended,291650,28395946,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Celevra,"Hands down the best RPG experiance I've had in the last decade.  Surpassing even the Witcher 3.  Pillars of Eternity truely encapsolates the essence of oldschool CRPG's like Baulder's Gate and Never Winter Nights while implementing a new, functional and deep IPO.  While anchored deeply into influencial roots the game still succeeds in to add game defining functions, like the ability to create and hire party members at nearly any time. While its not as steamlined as Tyranny and dosent have the cool spell system either, Pillars is by a far better, deeper and longer RPG experiance then its companys successor game.If you played and enjoyed CRPG's of the past or Tyranny, I'm quite certain you willl thoroughly enjoy Pillars of Eternity!My first play through so far.70+ Hrs and counting! Hard Difficulty (20+ additional Hrs expected)"
76561198053162392,Recommended,291650,28393085,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Pies,"Great game! At the end of the day, I loved playing this. There were some frustrating sections/scenerios/encounters that I had a lot of trouble with though. I do recommend this game and I recommend the expansions. I will outline some things I had trouble with though.Pro tips:1. In Defiance Bay, there are 3 factions you can align yourself with. I was not aware of this unti l had already ""aligned"" with one of the factions by accident. Please look this up before you get yourself in the situation I did. It is NOT obvious.2. You have to cheese the Adra Dragon fight. You will know this fight when you get to it. Save yourself some trouble and look up some strategies on how to win. Don't spoil it until you get there though.3. Completing the MAIN QUEST of Pillars of Eternity ends the game. I did not know this and I was frustrated to have ""completed"" the game without yet playing the expansions. Finish the White March expansions during or before Act 3."
76561198030798484,Recommended,291650,17481020,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,wangChungTonight,Best savescum deterrent ever.
76561198105919947,Recommended,291650,17712794,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,komots,"excellent game , but be prepared to waste 100 plus hours on it"
76561198100492737,Recommended,291650,17713837,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,HâVôÇ,its of good value..... You think you got a good team until about three hours in...always always always have high stamina with your whole team...its basically the first and sometimes only thing that will go first. And it simply murders your team... low stamina is 78% of the time gonna kill your team before the enemies do...stack up on your abilities dont have a wide arrray.... im simply saying this because other than tha like i said this game is of good value. 9/10
76561197970285088,Recommended,291650,17715374,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,HAL9000,"I have only one regret about this game.  Or is it shame?  It is that I did not donate to Kickstarter.  It, simply, is the best CRPG that is out there.  It is better than Baldur's Gate and the sequel.  Imagine that the people that made Baldur's Gate and Planescape Torment were not limited by restrictions of a brand or a company that licensed said brand, and the best people in the CRPG industry had carte blanche to made the game they want to make.  It is this game.  Is it completely perfect?  Not exactly.  Initially there was some party A.I. issues, but that has been corrected in the patch.  There are some overpowered encounters, and the lack of a paper manual to allow you to read up on the machanics can be an issue, but these are very, very trivial matters.  It is easy:  if you enjoyed any of the Infinity Engine games, you will love this.  If you like RPGs in general, you will love this game."
76561198045278749,Recommended,291650,17717136,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Caioso,"This is the only RPG that I trully feel could get the storyline ANYWHERE near Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale's.You SHOULD buy this and I would be very surprised if in ten years from now people aren't refering to this the way we refer to BG and IWD, as in, if you don't play it you don't really grasp what RPG is all about.A Story that makes you wonder about reality, depth of character in all characters, great boss fights mechanics and challenging tag along fights, several dificulty levels that would make you shiver and a very good reinvention of D&D system into a simplified one.Honestly? The only thing that really bothered me is:*MILD SPOILER ALERT**MILD SPOILER ALERT**MILD SPOILER ALERT**MILD SPOILER ALERT*In bg you can romance certain characters, a feature Icewind Dale loses as you must create all of your party in that one, but Pillars could have restored it, would have been nice. But I think it speaks a lot to the game's strength that the only thing that really bothered me is such a little mild thing.Buy it, lose days or weeks in it."
76561197970110427,Recommended,291650,17719308,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Paladin,"I really enjoyed this game.  A great homage to the RPGs of the 80-90s, and a great game in its own right."
,Recommended,291650,17719668,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,TechMetrics,"This game is very addictive, lots of fun. If you liked Baldur's Gate, you'll love this game."
,Recommended,291650,15117386,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Mortis,"It's been years since I stepped into a world like this one. Divinity Original Sin is probably the closest I've gotten to that classic RPG feeling but even then it wasn't quite right. From what I've played so far, this game hits the nail on the head. The atmosphere, the combat, the art style, it all works to give you that feeling of epic adventure that Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale gave all those years ago. A modern classic and a must have for anyone who claims to love RPGs."
76561198006649950,Recommended,291650,17722070,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Aussie Hope,"Fantastic game, balanced progression system, crafting that actually works and unlike so many other RPG feels like it adds value without impacting balance, great story line, lots of fun. Base building aspect is a bit left of centre, but doesn't seem to be integral to the game, so, to me at least, it seems you can take it build up a base and enjoy a few perks or leave it and spend your money on merchants instead."
76561198031193216,Recommended,291650,17754505,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,jo70thomas,"One of the best RPG's I've ever played. From the dialogue to the overarching storyline to the outstanding combat system, this is an instant classic across the board."
76561197995656540,Recommended,291650,17537875,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Billybigspuds,Simply brilliant.
,Recommended,291650,26468704,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,BtSC | llamaswillbemine,"A small thing to note before reading: I have played about 20 additional hours of the base game aside from the steam release (where I have the White March DLC) putting me around 35 hours total (still only at the end of Act II).As someone who has always wanted to try a CRPG this is the first one that has ever really fulfilled most of my desires. That being said this game is far from perfect. Since I like lists I'll just use those and add my thoughts at the end.Problems in the base game improved in the White March DLC:-Lack of information as to how damage is calculated in an attack-Basic UI improvements-Lack of automated AI-Additional quests and locations-NPC recruitable characters of every class(you can make NPCs of any class to add to your party but they don't have dialogue options)Problems even after the White March DLC:-Frustrating character pathing-Stores getting cluttered with your sold junk-Game seems kind of linear(higher level areas can be blocked off because PLOT)-Missing voice acting(characters will speak one line, then they'll skip the next set of lines, then speak the next)-The classes are not balanced, some have almost no merit in using them-Combat can be a bit tedious at times(explained below)Pros:-Lots of character customization and a variety of interesting skills-In-depth and interesting story-Lots of side quests-Actually having consequences to the decisions you make-Decisions can be ambiguous and ill-informed instead of just good/bad making them feel realistic-Being able to kill pretty much anyone just becauseIn regards to the combat being tedious I feel they made combat a bit too frequent in dungeons. The combat in this game (when you really get into it) can take some time to execute with all of the pausing you end up doing and as a result when you have to fight a new set of enemies in almost every room it gets a little draining. This is the main reason I can't marathon this game for hours on end, but the character interactions always keep me coming back. I think they either should have decreased the number of encounters or decreased the party size (and compensated balance somehow) to make management of battles less time consuming. Though the current system may appeal to more hardcore RPG players most will probably find it a bit intensive if you're not over leveled and just running over enemies.Overall I found Pillars of Eternity has a lot going for it that makes it more accessible than other CRPGs for people newer to the genre. In the current era of games there aren't many CRPGs going around this is easily one of the best one in town."
76561197994655360,Recommended,291650,26789256,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Endymion,Game good.
76561198073987259,Recommended,291650,26859379,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,_Not_A_Cockroach_,"Simply a solid, and very replayable, RPG. 9/10"
76561198003625792,Recommended,291650,26565165,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Voriig Kye,"Great storytelling. NPCs personalities are complex and explored in detail. Lots of options on how to solve quests.AI is not so good on the base game, my party would get stucked when trying to walk around themselves to approach an enemy."
76561198026394624,Recommended,291650,26587185,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Asrial,"10/10 Would/Will play again.This game has an amazing story.   Right from the get-go, you're concerned about the hollowborn and why they came to be.  Your constant flashbacks keep you wondering how your past life has to do with the present.It's lore-rich.  The Gods and how they affect the world created, are reflected in the population.  The death of another god.  Civil wars.  It's not something that I just forgot, it was easy to remember.The companions.  There are many companions in the game, and their personal quests are not too deep to be burdensome, but just interesting enough to provide some understanding of each.  I always wanted to keep certain people, like Eder in my group.  Loved to see what he was going to say, or interject into the situation.I loved the many different choices of classes you could be, even different races.  Each had an effect on the storyline.This game wasn't short, had a decent amount of voice acting, and if I could say one improvement, it would be to make less reading.  Instead of descriptive text to then describe a setting, some artwork could have been posted behind the text to give context to the upcoming events.  Would have been less reading and I always love when some artwork is added for more imagination."
,Recommended,291650,21625859,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Dominic,"White March:-These should not have been sold in part I, part II because the story from part I is simply incomplete.-All snowy environments, a nice change from Dyrwood.-Nice new combat soundtracks-The MQ for both parts I and II are fun-Many sidequests still and locations"
76561198064330127,Recommended,291650,26110669,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Lukeholl95,"Vast replayability, solid character development as well as brilliantly drawn out relationships. This is the RPG we miss, and what we wish our DM's could do. Great game, Great story, Great replayability. Definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,291650,26202395,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Yom,"Baldur's Gate 3, almost.Thanks Obsidian for this masterpiece."
76561198190670742,Recommended,291650,26606330,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,jinyf90,"This is really a good game, even though it is an old style RPG. I really like the interaction between NPCs, they will give me a lot of feedback after I made some decisions. It makes me feel that the world in PoE is real and vivid, not dead, and of course, the story is fantastic. The biggest problem of this game is actually Obsidian, if they can be as rich as Bethesda, PoE could even be better than the Witcher 3, maybe :)"
76561198009067077,Recommended,291650,26572189,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,GRANIT Salvo,"Fantastic writing and the characters are amazing.  I am drawn into the story.The only downside that I have is that it's not a relaxing; fighting and the story take my full concentration.  And combat has me constantly stopping to where I wish it were just a full tactical game.  Just have it go turn-based when battle starts.  Lletting the fight happen and trying things realtime will just get you killed.This game also makes me wistful for my old pathfinder group.  It give me ideas for future games and I keep getting distracted, wanting to jot down notes or flesh out character sheets.  haha.   I guess that really isn't too much of a problem either, but it does make progression take longer.Man....thinking about if this WERE a tactics game....Yeah, that would be awesome.  Less panic.  more thought."
76561198126376167,Recommended,291650,26581383,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,feanor,"Great game, extremely immersive and a great reminder of my long hours of playing Baldur's Game and Icewind Dale years ago. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,291650,26732597,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Maxwell-Boltzmann,"This is my first cRPG I've ever played --and the first I've finished. Therefore, there's no 'nostalgia' thing for me when I played this. I'll keep it brief.At the beginning of the game, you can customize your character. I personally enjoyed this part very much. There are 11 classes to choose, each with its own strengths, weaknesses, and playstyles. You also get to choose your character's sex, race and sub-race, culture, background. These choices will affect the attributes of your character.You will start in a caravan that just arrived in Dyrwood. You get attacked by bandits, and then a storm appears that forces you to flee to a nearby ruins. There, you witness a ritual of a cult that knocks you out. As you awake, you see visions from the past, you can interact with souls of people. You become a Watcher. Meanwhile, many children in Dyrwood were born without souls, a period called as the Waidwen's Legacy. As you investigate, you see the connection between your condition and the Legacy...I'll admit, I expected more from the story. I wasn't satisfied enough, as in it could have been better. It was, however, decent enough to keep me hooked until the end. There were also many side-quests that give more depth to the world. You can choose your stance about many things in the dialogs, choose sides in conflicts, keep promises, betray, etc., which is a big plus for me. You can find companions, each with their own quests and interesting backgrounds and personalities.The gameplay is pretty good. I didn't know that I'd come to like real-time-with-pause combat system. I suspect this system is a turn-off for some people.The graphic is good. The background, the scenery.... It's Skyrim in 2.5D fashion. No, okay, that was a bad exaggeration. But it's good.The soundtrack and sound effects fits the atmosphere quite well, but they're a bit repetitive. Or maybe not really, I don't know, because I turned off the music halfway of the game. My bad.All in all, it's a good game. As a first time CRPG player, I say it's worth every penny.P.S.: I bought it on 50% sale."
76561198185956762,Recommended,291650,26727806,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,mjsulli1978,It's a decent game but too much combat. everytime you enter a room you have to fight. I would give it a B. it's a bit overrated
76561198051983177,Recommended,291650,29104832,Posted: 7 January,all,bmprovost,Very good Baldur's Gate-style RPG.
76561198036456658,Recommended,291650,29099302,Posted: 7 January,all,migutse,Great old style RPG.
76561198097902680,Recommended,291650,29110804,Posted: 8 January,all,Sionni,One of the Best RPG's ive played in a long while.
76561198049574869,Recommended,291650,28777430,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Careless Reaper (Lara),"I cannot say how much I love this game, even after only playing for maybe 22 hours. As one who LOVED the original Baldur's Gate games as well as Icewind Dale, this is an AMAZING game to play. It has a very old school Western RPG feel to it and to anyone who enjoyed games such as Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale and Planescape Torment, I'd suggest this game immediately. This is the first game in a long time that I'd give a solid 10/10 for. Only issue with it is PURELY subjective and that's the reading. DO NOT play this game if you do not want to read. This will give you the most reading in a video game you'll probably have had in years. There are voice acted bits, but this is classic D&D where you get description and talking, and sometimes, not even talking. Pure description.This game is everything people loved about Baldur's Gate, Planescape and Icewind Dale all rolled into one nostalgia filled masterpiece of a game. Do I suggest it? HELL YES."
76561198038901146,Not Recommended,291650,17840917,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,jdb02,"It is a fun game overall.  It is basically a D&D copy that took some of the fun features of baldur's gate 1 and 2, as well as neverwinter nights 2 with the stronghold.  Combat can use some work; too many spells you need to be in combat to use and I seem to find myself using the same small group of spells over and over again.  The endurance system is a seperate HP system on top of the regular HP system and it's very bad.  You can't get your guys back up if they get 'knocked out', i.e. incapacitated.The story is good and the open world is good too, questing doesn't feel linear, although I'd much rather see a difficulty assesment next to each quest based on our party makeup.  It just makes sense so we don't waste time going to one end of the world just to find out we should quest somewhere else.Lots of reading like games were back in the day.  If you don't like reading, this isn't for you, otherwise, check it out.Other thoughts: the game is kinda buggy with some things I've noticed when I manually save, buttons are missing.  A couple of times I was stuck in combat and my main character could not move.  As of now I'm not going to buy the expansion pack, but I still say check out the OC.************Many changes since my initial review, I'm not sure what they're doing, but this game just isn't worth the money anymore.Leveling up characters is too much of a chore, XP isn't awarded in some combat outcomes if you win or not.Poor balance with stuns (NPC attacking PC)."
,Recommended,291650,29688053,Posted: 4 February,all,Spring Bag,Amazing game.  Most epic crpg since baldur's gate 2.
76561198006181583,Recommended,291650,29707205,Posted: 4 February,all,damienkilcannon,Intersting game play. Decent graphics. Compelling story line. All around enjoyable experience.
76561198118376831,Recommended,291650,20581758,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Spock,"Un très bon jeux. Des quêtes très bien scénarisées. Un excellent tactical rpg. Seul bémol : les temps de chargements longs et beaucoup trop fréquents, ce qui est d'autant plus incompréhensible que le jeu est en 2D et peu gourmand."
76561198097380186,Recommended,291650,31065382,Posted: 10 April,all,酒井囧子,"amazing experience, feel like reading an exquisite fantasia novel. Yet it's not a handy game, for every combat i have to pause for several times, i quite wish it could provide a smooth mode"
76561198054716011,Recommended,291650,28558347,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,SerenityNow,This is truly an amazing game. I'm on my third playthrough and I'm still loving it. If you're a classic RPG fan you will simply love this game. It seems to take everything that I love about Baldur's Gate and similar classic RPGs while leaving the undesireable things. They really put a lot of thought into the game.There are some cons though. The pathing is still sometimes bad. The mechanics are something enigmatic and difficult to understand. Some classes need some balancing as well. I also wish they made the option for solo play easier (with faster exp gain or something) because as it stands it's a very difficult and tedious effort to solo the game. You have to do things in a certain order and cheese the heck out of it. The story was ok but I feel they didn't explain some things very well and they seemed to push this 'religion vs science' angle a bit too much in my opinion.But aside from these and some other nuances the game is brilliant; almost a masterpiece. I am very much looking to future works.
,Recommended,291650,17940137,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Naughtyusername,"Glorious game, if this at all looks even the slighest bit interesting/fun to you please do yourself a favor and get it and support these amazing developers and this tremendously fun game."
,Recommended,291650,27608300,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,phyzen,"Awesome RPG, feels a lot like Baldur's Gate. Great writing and stories."
76561198039180527,Recommended,291650,27895251,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,OptimusG83,"If you like Baldurs Gate, Icewind Dale, fun, magic, fighting and pets this is for you"
76561198115174475,Recommended,291650,27893062,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,IceKraken,"Pillars of Eternity is an epic game similar to Icewind Dale in which you control several henchmen with various abilities.  A game in which you can create any type character from an evil Black Guard to the ultimate good guy Paladin.  For those who enjoyed all the NeverWinter Nights and its many down loadable mods, this is the game you have been wishing for.Careful attention to character building, understanding the various factions and histories, along with quests and dungeons will keep you entertained for a long time.  The addition of the White March expansion extends the play time and allows for higher level characters and dangers.Combat and spell casting are easy to understand. Tactical situations, thiefs, druids, magic, and clerics as well as the type character you develope will challenge you to the end."
,Recommended,291650,27925255,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Azical,Hours and hours of fun!
76561198021916932,Recommended,291650,28993236,Posted: 3 January,all,NamelessOne,"If you have played, and enjoyed games such as; icewind dale, planescape torment, baldurs gate, or just want a game that feels interactive with its storytelling, I would recommend it."
,Recommended,291650,29117064,Posted: 8 January,all,thebluerider,What else to say but I LOVE it.
,Recommended,291650,29150952,Posted: 9 January,all,A HORSE WITH OPINIONS,"Fun game, fun mechanics, lots of good quality of life options that older RPGs always lack. Player agency is pretty high; by the time I finished, I really felt like my character was my own, that she evolved organically into something special. I can't wait to replay immediately and I'm just really impressed. Beautiful world, great lore, great story... highly recommend"
,Recommended,291650,29137310,Posted: 9 January,all,The1Wiggles,"i suck at writing reviews but this game is AWESOME!!!!!! Feels fresh and retro at the same time... Great story, excellent combat system, and tons of surprises that will keep you coming back for more! If you were even thinking about this game just get it!"
,Recommended,291650,29135167,Posted: 8 January,all,Caladan,"This game is fantastic.If you like story driven RPGs like Skyrim with isometric graphics like Diablo and stats/character creation like Dungeons and Dragons, you are doing yourself a huge disservice by not playing this game right now.Just buy it. No regrets. Only dreams."
76561198191532723,Recommended,291650,31121302,Posted: 13 April,all,Sarcastic Padawan,"I don't usually play this type of game since the graphics and the overall point and click genre isn't my cup of tea, but I must say I was pleasantly surprised when I played Pillars of Eternity.Played it all in one week and loved the fact that your choices affect the ending and your reputation. Don't regret buying it, but I bought it on sale so I reccomend you to do so if you can."
76561198032248704,Recommended,291650,31574649,Posted: 6 May,all,NocturnX,Great RPG with a cool story.
,Recommended,291650,31614392,Posted: 7 May,all,Barinten,A must have.
76561198045767968,Recommended,291650,31633178,Posted: 8 May,all,Azazel666,"good old school RPG.. its a welcome change from the fast first person shooters, if you don't like to read this game is not for you. alot of the story is not voiced and you will have to read it yourself.... and there is a lot to read, but if you like a good story with 1000s of well written lines, good charcters and a great atmosphere. and you can tell that the developers have put alot of hart and soul in this."
76561198032616660,Recommended,291650,31332612,Posted: 23 April,all,TravisDFW,"Very fun game for those that like to experiment with builds and challenge themselves. The only real way to experience the game is by playing on Path of the Damned/Trial of Iron/ Expert Mode and not looking online at some guide on ""how to""If you play the game without any help, you will enjoy this game so much more.I have almost 400 hours in the game and that is because I played the game and learned eveything on my own. If you seek aid online, this game can be beaten easily. Up to you. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,291650,31657979,Posted: 9 May,all,warhead,"I'm really liking the art style, combat mechanics, depth of story.  Will add as I get deeper into it, but so far I'm enjoying it."
76561198170197591,Recommended,291650,31687069,Posted: 11 May,all,ryancooper191,5/5
76561197972518312,Recommended,291650,31691582,Posted: 11 May,all,Sergius,"Highly enjoyable, heartily recommended."
76561198066930963,Recommended,291650,31780805,Posted: 15 May,all,BadluckBoozie,Fantastic
76561198007353781,Recommended,291650,15069596,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Omnibus,I would even recommend this to my cat if I could find it!
76561198211443484,Recommended,291650,25198232,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,scottdharris85,"I wrote a negative review about this game a year ago when I first tried it. After playing ""Tyranny"" I decided to give it another go and I am now changing my tune. Sometimes you just need to learn how to play a certain type of game before you can really offer a useful opinion.That game is challenging, which is something I was upset about the first time around. I came back from ""Tyranny"" with a better understanding of the games style of play I didn't have nearly as much trouble. The option to have a large party of various traditional fantasy classes is a big plus. There are very few situations where you can just point and click, and win. You need to have a plan everytime you engage.Great game for older gamers like me who want something more cerebral and challenging. It's got an interesting cast of characters and a big immerse world to enjoy."
,Recommended,291650,17253570,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Chess The Vice,Since the 3.0 patch the game has turned into a masterpiece. Art. The White March is amazing.
76561198027853551,Recommended,291650,29659316,Posted: 2 February,all,joejoejoejoejoe,"For those who are thinking about buying the game, the short version of the answer can be phrased by asking you a question.Did/do you enjoy the Baldur's Gate series, Planescape Torment, the Icewind Dale series, tabletop D&D, or any other classic RPG experience? If so, then this is a given for you to enjoy. For those who didn't play those, or aren't sure if this suits their tastes, I can definitely recommend that if you enjoy good stories, characters, and challenging gameplay because it requires you to think, then this will have enough for you that is also of fantastic quality.I jumped onto it after the many updates and the two DLCs were released, so I didn't have the opportunity to see it get tweaked and such like I did with Grim Dawn (check that one out for your ARPG fix!), but my experiences with Obsidian show that they treasure community feedback and input, and what you get in this product shows it. It's really a love letter to RPGs of bygone times and to the fans of those games, without dwelling too much on the past.There is currently a campaign running on Fig to fund the sequel, and it reached its funding goal in less than a day! They're currently working on reaching various stretch goals, which are sequentially revealed when one is reached. Go here for more details and look into the package that includes the original game!https://www.fig.co/campaigns/deadfireEDIT: Check out the progress on Pillars 2, as well, to see if this is something you could get into. Obsidian releases updates regularly enough to let everyone know how it's coming along and how they're approaching the product."
76561197970960476,Not Recommended,291650,15066584,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Reaper,"Good game ,greedy publisher don't support this kind of behaviour wait until their price back to normal"
,Recommended,291650,29574242,Posted: 29 January,all,prOtep,Extremely impressed. Story and character development was excellent.Base game definitely worth the buy.
76561198029147780,Recommended,291650,29349416,Posted: 18 January,all,InstantCANoodle,WORTH THE PURCHASE.Pillars of Eternity is a gem. I picked it up because of the robust character creator. I was impressed by that feature and more. Every part of this game is considered and crafted. There is so much junk on steam these days. Just get this you will not be disappointed.
76561197972697335,Recommended,291650,29338545,Posted: 18 January,all,Arcanix,Great game.
76561198056360412,Recommended,291650,29320923,Posted: 17 January,all,Tombombadil,"Big fan of RPG games big fan of fantasy but new to CRPG style and new to isometric rpg combat  .loved-soundtrack-game design , maps and locations amazing eery and full of character-level progression-the lore is the main attraction here for me"
,Recommended,291650,29330033,Posted: 17 January,all,TeraFlareon<TWM>,"If you're a fan of classic RPG's like Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale and Neverwinter Nights, you will not be disappointed!  The story is dark, compelling and forces players to make some tough decisions.Great job, Obsidian!"
,Recommended,291650,29287423,Posted: 15 January,all,Satanspy,"I backed this game on Kickstarter way back,It turned out really good,the main campaign is short,and if you only followed the main questline you could probably finish the game in about 5-6 hours. But the side quests are needed to level up and get stronger for what follows. The story is really lore heavy and dosent really establish itself fully,and the game sort of expects you to fill in the blanks by reading all of the books and talking to the special NPCs that are around the maps. Combat is a real treat its ""Real Time with Pause"" and very tactical,reminds be of the  old Baldurs gate stuff. I  never bothered to get the DLC for it i was satisfied with the ending it had and didnt have any need to delve any further into the games world. That being said i would totally play a PoE2 were it to materialize sometime in the future."
,Recommended,291650,29493298,Posted: 25 January,all,Razor,"Cant believe I havent reviewed this one yet, it'll be my next and of course, positive as most anything this studio does. Buy it all."
,Recommended,291650,29486909,Posted: 25 January,all,XISBURGER,"Masterful.Enough said.It is impossible for old school RPG players NOT to compare Pillars of Eternity with Baldur’s Gate, but where the first takes inspiration on the latter, it also creates new interesting mechanics and a personality of its own.Reasons to recommend this game: amazing plot and storytelling, great isometric art, easy to pick up difficult to master battle mechanics and a vast semi open world to be explored. Some may say that the game may “take you by the hand” sometimes, but the Pillars of Eternity experience can be vastly configured to your liking in the settings menu.I definitely recommend this game to anyone that values imagination and narrative over mindless button smashing and mouse clicking."
76561197960532969,Recommended,291650,29475333,Posted: 24 January,all,Personspeoples.,"A solid Infinity Engine-style revival by Obsidian.  More Icewind Dale than Baldur's Gate or Planescape: Torment.   A solid effort, if not entirely the equal of the classics."
,Recommended,291650,29621105,Posted: 31 January,all,WhiteKindling,"Pillars of Eternity is a top-down dark fantasy RPG from Obsidian, and shares common themes with their other games including the realistic implications of fantasy elements, corrupt humans, and vivid dialogue. Harkening back to Baldur's Gate and Fallout, PofE feels like it came out of the 1990s/early 2000s. This isn't my preference as I think Bioware and others pushed RPGs into an objectively better format that leads to a more enriching experience. Still, PofE is the product of an artistic vision and it shows: this is an interesting, well-drawn world presented distinctively. The setting is unique in that this is set after the traditional medieval setting and in the renaissance - gunpowder has been discovered and is the biggest defense against magic. Alongside this, the study of souls is its own science, and gods are physical, real entities. Religious differences come not in denial of faith but in disagreement about their real place in society. Unfortunately, the story itself is less interesting. Witness and victim of events not understood, your character searches for answers, builds a team, establishes a stronghold, and essentially goes sight seeing. Your purpose is somewhat ill defined until very late in the story, and the main villain is not an engaging one. The weak story lets down the intriguing setup around it, but the world and certain characters are interesting enough to carry the experience for a long time. Recommended, but only if you enjoy detailed world building and dark subversions of fantasy over standard combat and a lacklustre story."
,Recommended,291650,29637803,Posted: 1 February,all,Ocean,"This is among the best games I have ever played. From the mechanics to the story, I loved it. Get used to reading tho lmao"
76561197987398419,Recommended,291650,29638435,Posted: 1 February,all,Nizrael,"If you've got an itch to play a deep, top-down isometric RPG with tactical combat, interesting NPCs, and a decent narrative in the mold of Baldur's Gate, Pillars of Eternity will scratch it."
,Recommended,291650,29674920,Posted: 3 February,all,urinezombie,"Incredible, vivid, engrossing writing here. That's probably the highlight of the whole game for me. Some of the descriptions and details the writers pepper into this narrative are achingly beautiful. And challenging, both morally and imagintively.The balance of story to combat mechanics and party/gear formation is spot-on. Combat never grows tedious or in-the-way, and it breaks up exposition nicely. They seem to understand ""exposition fatigue"" and pace the game appropriately with that in mind.The landscapes, backgrounds and models are gorgeously animated and rendered. They captured the classic Infinity feel and only improved upon it. The variety of settings and backgrounds is appreciated as well.Most of all it's a fun and memorable game with replay value (especially if you appreciate challenges). Great characters, group dialogue and development."
76561198005750710,Recommended,291650,29674448,Posted: 3 February,all,KillerRabbit,"I grew up with Baldur's Gate II. Baldur's Gate II is the best video game ever made, period.I think Pillars of Eternity just might be better."
,Recommended,291650,29925569,Posted: 14 February,all,mikegirkin,This is for sure a great game. Old-school party RPG reminding the best in the genre - BG and IWD.
,Recommended,291650,29713732,Posted: 5 February,all,doctor_net,Pure Masterpiece and a Homega to Classic Oldschool RPGs!
,Recommended,291650,29882152,Posted: 12 February,all,lnorris76,Wonderful game and this is my first time doing a CRPG
76561198155598712,Recommended,291650,29883803,Posted: 12 February,all,Odin,"CRPG's is not really my thing, but after seeing so many good reviews I decided to give it a go.♥♥♥♥!!! Why couldn't I find this game earlier?The art style is impeccable, combat is strategic and challenging (unless you're a complete and utter♥♥♥♥♥♥that looks for strategies online) and the story is intriguing. There are a couple of issues concerning the framework of the game but I think it's under control now. I don't wanna say too much about the game itself as it is much better to experience it fresh-faced.Are you wondering about purchasing the game? Just do it. A lot of people say this is the spiritual successor to Baldur's Gate, but IMO this game is a spiritual start of it's own."
76561198032084696,Recommended,291650,24199306,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,JamNinja,Thumbs up.
,Recommended,291650,29217520,Posted: 12 January,all,Dem gamez,I just really liked the world they built and the role I played in it. I hope you're cool with reading though.
76561198173459466,Recommended,291650,29192197,Posted: 11 January,all,Phii,"Pillars of Eternity is a very story rich RPG and brings back old gameplay reminiscent of Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter's Night. At first I was confused by how old it looked (being set in a isometirc world and the graphics being very simple) but rapidly fell in love with it. For people who enjoy playing DnD (video) games, I feel like this is a must.The only thing I found a bit dissapointing is how little interactions with your companions seem to matter, at least on an interpersonal level. I would have loved some kind of approval rating and maybe even romace option like in Dragon Age.One of my favorite games I played in 2016!"
,Recommended,291650,18959872,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Vladkins,9/10 Very solid game - will look to play more from the developer.+ Tactical RPG with excellent customizations & battles+ High level of detail and polish+ Story unfolds through well written dialogue+ Strategic gameplay - auto-attack does not always win and manually solving the battle is very satisfying- Graphics are great though load times are unexpectedly long.- Items could be better designed - re-equipped maybe 4-5 times throughout the entire game.
76561197997599089,Recommended,291650,29176006,Posted: 10 January,all,Jonathan B,"Interesting story with a (mostly) satisfying ending.Like with a lot of good RPGs, it takes a little while for the story to develop. The beginning of the game is a kind of tutorial, where there isn't much going on plot-wise. But once you catch on to your main character's special nature the plot starts to thicken quite well.I thought that the writing was really good. The dialogue is solid, and the overall story continuity is actually pretty good, although a lot of the events will only make sense at the very end of the game. The writers raise a lot of good questions about the nature of life and morality, and the game actually leaves you with something to think about after it's all over.I played the game on the easiest difficulty level I was able to skip through the fighting quickly and focus on the characters and stories. I did look up a guide on how to build my main character, to ensure that I wouldn't have to spend too much time worrying about builds and such. I think that was the right move.Even with a pure story play-through it took me 50 hours to play through this game."
76561198027132572,Recommended,291650,29160911,Posted: 10 January,all,The_Jozze,"Awesome game. Akin to Baldur's Gate, but better."
76561197972933679,Recommended,291650,29173700,Posted: 10 January,all,Dannomanno,Great game for those Civ addicts out there. Has all the things I love about the game: buildings; research tree; and the old chess board combat system. My only fault with it is there is no hall of fame to see your progress and set new goals and a limited number of player types to choose from.
76561198036338543,Recommended,291650,29589152,Posted: 30 January,all,Joshua Trepte,"This has gotton me into isometric viewed gamming, its a great rpg. I Can't wait for the sequel."
76561198143172268,Recommended,291650,29579111,Posted: 29 January,all,brick.royl,"I go thrugh a lot of games in a month but Pillars of Eternity is the one game I keep coming back to, it has a deep story system that offers a masive range of interactions and the closest I have ever come to a true carft your own story system.Bottom line if you love RPGs you have to play this one."
,Recommended,291650,29592888,Posted: 30 January,all,XCamr,"Fantastic old fashioned RPG in the vain of Baldur's Gate.  Some iffy pathfinding, but overall very good game."
,Recommended,291650,30229413,Posted: 27 February,all,Dandyh,"I bought this game 48 hours ago, and I played 15 hours alreadyI was supposed to study. Don't know what happened"
76561198298603905,Recommended,291650,31187211,Posted: 16 April,all,hitendave,"This game is very well-written, with an acceptable standard of graphics, deep story, diverse classes, decent voice acting, stronghold building and combat system. It is a good foundation from which more sequals will develop. Good job here :)"
76561197967119832,Recommended,291650,30177746,Posted: 25 February,all,Ighten,To be frank its my first proper RPG style experience.. I have tried the odd RTS and the hack and slash styles of Diablo3 and whilst I enjoyed the latter and liked the setting of say the warhammer games I was basically crite at it.I was unsure at first at how  the pause and select action style worked and it took me an hour or so to get to grips - but once you have the hang of it you really do get fixated on how to make your attacks better and better.Im no expert on the maths of crits and dex etc but the depth and detail soon have you absorbed.. The story seems sound and the world solid.TBF you dont really notice the gfx but they are good enough for whats happening. Plus if oyu travel a lot and have different strenghts of laptops from one trip to another this runs fine on an i3 with Iris 6100.love it - didnt think it would be my style but I now love it.
,Recommended,291650,30145385,Posted: 24 February,all,robbie.grimm,"Very good game. I loved the old fashioned approach. Many dialogs. Much atmosphere. The 2D graphics might be a bit really too old fashioned for my taste. I spent a lot of time with the base game. The DLCs however were a pain to find the DLC starting entry point by means of google, - what a godforsaken implementation that was. But the base game is very Ok and worth the money. Thumbs up."
76561198066117282,Recommended,291650,30225028,Posted: 27 February,all,marcusb1976,"Pillers Of Eternity seems like it can be hard depending on what class you play, and you really have to think in this game, but that is awesome, because games are supose to make you think. Playing a game that is hard to me is better than one that is too easy, but far as game diffaculty with what I just said,  is only what I think of the game and not based off of any reviews. What I can say with confidence with the little hours in this game I have invested is:---> the graphics, story, gameplay, interface, optimization, control, sound and music, are amazing.Great Awesome game!! 9.5/10"
76561198056682064,Recommended,291650,30255251,Posted: 28 February,all,theskinsurf,"this game melts hours of my life. there's so much to do and see, especially now that I've reached the largest city I've yet found. eight hours in (all within the last two days, I should add), and I've barely scratched the surface of the intricacies of combat, gear combinations, spell loadouts (of different TYPES even; grimoires, chants, etc), crafting, building my stronghold, getting to know my party and the world around me... it's overwhelming in the best way. if you loved baldur's gate, buy this game. if you never played baldur's gate... buy this game."
76561198134663701,Recommended,291650,30188635,Posted: 25 February,all,Veste,For someone who typically likes ARPG games and didn't play Baldur's/Icewind/etc.. I wasn't sure what to expect going into Pillars of Eternity.  There might have been few bumps along the way(learning how combat works for example) but I thoroughly enjoyed this game and am now a big fan of the genre and am looking forward to Pillars of Eternity 2!
,Recommended,291650,30235102,Posted: 27 February,all,DrNegative,"The thing I like most about this game is that it shows there is still a love for a genre many thought had faded away. No modern publisher would ever take a chance on a game like this these days, but the players did, and Obsidion did a great job at delivering a fine CRPG."
76561198052862679,Recommended,291650,31139586,Posted: 14 April,all,CoConi,"Good story and gameplay, adjusting the difficulty made it easy to get into this game for a RPG-beginner."
76561198055512710,Recommended,291650,28322433,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Ninjapick,"I'm only 23 hours in as of writing this review, but I gotta say, it's pretty amazing in all aspects. However, it is definitely not a game for those of us who rapidly skip through dialog to get to more gameplay, as the dialogue, lore and decision making comprise most of the game. It rewards you for truly playing the role of the character you create, if you're a paladin for example, it makes your paladin spells less effective should you stray from the ideals of your paladin order. Same goes for priests straying from their particular faiths. A fun experience that can easily suck you in if you like really enjoy roleplaying."
76561197980810532,Recommended,291650,31126306,Posted: 13 April,all,Pyke dual 40 mode,"I am enjoying the game very much.  The only problem is it only retains the Autosaves, if I save any other way it doesn't stick.  Take a break and save to come back later..I find myself at the autosave when I first entered a map.   bleh"
76561197997611179,Recommended,291650,26673899,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,EgorLetov,Very good classic RPG
,Recommended,291650,31126703,Posted: 13 April,all,ALittleLion,This game finally got me back into the classic genre. It can be fairly complex and very interesting on the higher difficulties while managing to be accessible and have a very interesting story on the lower difficulties. I finally figured out a class I wanted to play and really dug in (Paladin Tank) and I can't stop playing it.Awesome game. Picked up Tyranny and Tides as well.
76561198050663428,Recommended,291650,30250055,Posted: 28 February,all,Svar,"This game is a beautiful tribute to the isometric RPGs of old.  It feels like the classics do and yet it's also something fresh.  It has plenty of its own combat nuances that make playing it after years of Infinity Engine games an exciting new challenge.  It also has a multi-faceted reputation system that does more for you in terms of roleplay and character reactivity than a simple alignment title ever could.In terms of the story, this is a very long and complex but good narrative that is difficult to get into at first, due to the flood of worldbuilding that is presented, but once you get the hang of it, it all comes together beautifully and leaves you curious to know and see more about the world of Eora.  It's a very dark narrative, but not an over-the-top depressing one that leaves you unable to feel joy afterwards.  It's certainly not without humor and it has its share of loveable, memorable characters.There is quite a bit of reading in dialogue, which can be challenging to some with focus issues, but if you're familiar with the walls of text in Baldur's Gate and could make it through those, these would likely be no problem for you.Overall a wonderful game, especially for those who loved the Infinity Engine games and have been craving more like them for years."
76561198051425125,Recommended,291650,17682133,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Sckolar,"Pillars of Eternity is a game that takes on an old school genre. It is an enjoyable experience worth both time and money. Sadly many of the old school fans that have played Icewind Dale, or Baldur's gate may not find the same experiece, as I hear the story is nowhere near as good.Now let's talk about the gamePillars of Eternity is beautiful to look at. While, I never stopped to take scenery in, I felt joy running through an area. My characters  look like they belong in this world. animations are also decent (attacks, and spells don't really change much in terms of animation, unless you are using a certain type of ability) Fire looks really good, and so do many of the other spells in this game.Character creation is big enough to get a lot of enjoyment. While I won't say it's Baldur's Gate massive, it is still pretty big. Your character will be unique, and there are pleanty of classes to choose from, which they themselves are also unique to the game. You can be aall kinds of classes (some unique some not) ranger, cypher, fighter, barbarian, druid, wizard, monk, ect.Story? eehhh. It's not something I go out of my way to talk about. You are ""The Watcher"" Someon who can see souls, read souls, see the past. You can remember your own past, and the pasts of people who forgot their past. Recently disasters have been happening, and supposedly Animancers  (basically soul doctors and researchers) are behind it! Or are they? Chase down the person behind it all. Now maybe your saying ""Eh. sounds ok"". You are right. There's not really any plot twist in this game that's going to make you go ""wow"". But this game isn't good for it's story, but rather it's blend of everything it does. The story is worth your attentions, but it's not going to be the best thing you've ever heard.Character customizations (Armor & weapons)A mistake I made with this game (being inexperienced with old school RPGS mind you) that I made, is thinking that I'm supposed to hold on to armor until I find something ""Better"". Many games opperate this way. Are you level 10 yet? good, here's lvl 10 armor. That's not how this works. There are different types of armor that are best for certain situations. Heavier armors might be good against physical things, but hide will be better for elemental things. If you want to have ""Better"" armor, you are supposed to enchant it. this means finding ingredients to do so. Sure you may find the said ""Better armor"" but it will be very rare, and half the time, you won't want it over the armor you dedicated so much time enchanting. Same goes for weapons. Although finding weaponry is way easier.Real time combat with pause mechanic is fun. One issue I faced was stupid AI pathing. Tell your party member to go somewhere, depending on the situation; They will take a really stupid path to get there. Sometimes your party member won't use moves or spells when you tell them to. Battles will scale in difficulty usually at a fair rate (although it does slip depending on your difficulty) I will say that their is an enemy bellow your keep towards the end on the game that is very RNG like, and is extremley difficult on Normal difficulty depending on your party composition. There were some fights such as this where I died so many times and *DID NOT* get angry because I legitimatley thought that the fight is not fair, and it really isn't my fault. Even stat boosts did not help some of these fights. Many updates have changed these battles since releaseAll in all, this game is fun, but if you go in thinking it's the Baldur's gate Equivalent, then you may be dissapointed. It is a fun game for it's variety of reasons. Reasons I haven't even covered such as voice acting (which I wish there was MORE of because it's really good) If this sounded discouraging, pick it up on sale!"
76561197992845181,Recommended,291650,30348761,Posted: 5 March,all,Headfirst,A very good game that hopefully ushers in a rennaisance of old-school isometric RPGs.
,Recommended,291650,15593332,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Murlou,Main character can be a naked glass cannon ranger.Best RPG of its kind ever made. 10/10
,Recommended,291650,31409273,Posted: 27 April,all,Aehnkantos,"This is the first isometric CRPG I have ever played. I grew up watching excitedly as my brother gained enough DEX for a bow that had been gathering dust in Neverwinter Nights, and recently became very interested in Dungeons and Dragons. I saw this game played badly on Youtube, and, when it was on sale, took a chance.Within the first day of playing I bought the expansion. Within the next day, I backed the sequel. And by far, the opening of this title is the weakest point.I have not enjoyed an experience so throughly in years."
,Recommended,291650,15069523,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,BTonyB,"Incredible rpg experience. This title has some of the best writing I have ever come across. Beautiful visuals (except the character meshes, yikes), fantastic music, brilliant voice work (could use even more!) and really fun combat. Easy to jump into, hard to master. I have yet to grow tired of this game and I can't wait for the sequel!"
,Recommended,291650,31447307,Posted: 29 April,all,Lupus,A great western RPG that brings back the days of Baldurs Gate.  If you are fan of older Bioware/Interplay games you will like this. Has a unique difficulty system that doesn't increase damage but increases the amount of enemies you fight.
,Recommended,291650,31496469,Posted: 1 May,all,Magnato,At 5 hours I started spotting the evolutionary improvements over BG/BG2. At 10 hours I had a nowstalgia moment.  At 15 I'm shifting my schedule for this game
76561198063012017,Recommended,291650,31498772,Posted: 1 May,all,Ashwind,"A solid ""old school"" CRPG. If you like games like BG/NWN, you will no doubt love this game. The game mechanics needs a little getting used to but pass that, you will discover a rich and immersive RPG.The only ""fault"" or problem I have with this game is its combat mechanics. Imagine MMORPG style trading blows mindlessly (and heals/regen) to see who dies first coupled with Final Fantasy Tactics combat; except instead of turns you need to pause constantly. The higher the difficulty, the more you pause.I find the combat mechanics very shallow and one-dimensional; if you are a seasoned MMO player, especially Korean Style MMO player, you will take little time to adjust. Coupled that with PoE companion AI (Artificial Idiocy) who appears to be always drunk and cant even walk straight, combat can be frustrating and once you learn the mechanics, it simply becomes tedious.Despite all that, I still recommend this game - it must be good. No? :)"
,Recommended,291650,21311914,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,pikachu01,Edit2: Paradox is reverting their price changes.Edit: I'm changing my review to negative due to Paradox's regional pricing changes.This game gives the Baldur's Gate feels I had when I was a teenager. Every way an RPG you should play if you're a serious RPG gamer.Highly Recommended with the 15 hours I've played so far.
76561197968809681,Not Recommended,291650,15179866,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Fraggy,Unfair business practices.
76561197992799592,Not Recommended,291650,15068316,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,firewingnc0,"since they raise price before summer sale im also updating my reviewthe game great but the price dont worth it, the price not cut they have raise everything before the summer salethe company are scum and realy bad, also they overprice everything they releases, EA style( or worst, even EA dont raise all their game price before summer sale )"
76561198077607524,Recommended,291650,18639232,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,MangiaCadaveri,"Good story (not exceptional but it's my personal taste involved) solid gameplay, maybe a bit too easy expecially when character get to higer levels but all considered a good game u can actually call rpg."
,Not Recommended,291650,20773927,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Synthia Vice,Boycott Paradox for shamelessly raising the prices of their games to profit off the Steam sale. Inexcusable.
,Recommended,291650,31888908,Posted: 21 May,all,Andizlack,"Yes, it's not cool that they raised the price right before the summer sale, but with the tens of thousands of hours that went into this game, the promises they fulfilled with the kickstarter, and the amazing game that they've developed and released for us, I just can't see why 1 bad move warrants this much outcry. Money sucks, but it's a reality of the world. Maybe it wasn't entirely their choice? Maybe they need the extra bit of money for something? With a company that does so much good and screws up like this very rarely, I'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt and continuing supporting their work."
,Not Recommended,291650,30590457,Posted: 18 March,all,hippopotamus is cool,"Anyone have a friend who picks on you because you're♥♥♥♥♥♥at reviewing games? That's not important to this review but it is important you know that I think they are an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Anyway, the game, I love Pillars can't get enough of it, I even learned to read to play this game! (Took me a few playthroughs but I'm ok at reading now) Enough words, buy the game.*****EDIT*****In light of recent events I can no longer recommend this game, however fun the game may be, I find the recent actions taken by paradox to be deplorable."
,Not Recommended,291650,29382040,Posted: 20 January,all,ShamanStu,"I played Baldur's Gate 1 and 2 back in the 90's and if your looking to recreate a little bit of the spark from those games, this is a perfect game for that. It lacks the lore of the Forgotten Realms Sword Coast which I miss greatly, as it was so well written and encompassing it's hard to beat. However for an original story, Obisidian did a fabulous job flushing out the world and reminding us of what made crpgs so fun in the past; omniprescent gods, great companions, beautiful isometric worlds, fulfilling sidequests, and an all around wonderful fantasy world with all the tropes of a Tolkien story. The combat is superior imo to Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale, as it is more forgiving but also very in depth if your in for some difficulty. I fouind Baldur's Gate combat did not scale as well as this and was to true to the form of D and D, which for some people may be a good or bad thing, however for me it made the combat very fun, smooth and a bit more fast-paced. I highly recomend this game especially if it's on sale, the only downside to the game is the walls of text."
76561198007755022,Recommended,291650,33684595,Posted: 20 July,all,Le Harris,"I like how this game seems to have been taking me back to the old days of D&D again. While the feel is different, it still draws me in in the same way as back then."
76561197968847284,Not Recommended,291650,22060371,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Massiv Igel,"Update 18.09.2017Paradox increased all game prices before summer sale 2017. A Disgusting way to try to squeeze more money out of people!!!______________________________________________Hardcore RPG game, but a good one :) Old school but fantastic ."
76561198056352614,Recommended,291650,17719351,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Jay Summers,"I am only but 60 minutes into the game and I am in love with it. The combat system is well refined, and the storyline is just amazing so far.This game follows the age old tradition that Baldur's Gate set out to affix by mainting exciting gameplay combining strategy and action. Except this is more than a decade later and the graphics and gameplay factors have opened up widely due to the video game market boom.If you are a fan of the Baldur's Gate series, I would not pass this game up. It is very intriguing so far. Although, I know you may find some bias in my opinion due to my love of these types of games, I haven't played too much of it yet.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~After several hours of gameplay I am still in love with this game. This is just so unbelieveable how dedicated this company is.To top it off I found out the game was a kickstarter!WOW, I love the devotion of the people that invested in this company. They deserve a pat on the back. Most of the time when I see companies asking for investors, they simply don't develop the game ie... Starfall, Star Citizen, but the company came through.If they need a kickstart again, I am in. ^_^"
76561198065775960,Recommended,291650,29858404,Posted: 11 February,all,Nasum,"All negative reviews are relating to some price increase or something or other. Bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥es, get jobs, move out of the basement and then maybe a few bucks here and there won't lead you to ruining the ratings of a great RPG and turning people off."
76561198078481370,Not Recommended,291650,31985077,Posted: 26 May,all,Zenith,"The design philosophy of this game is balance over fun and immersion.I see this with the attributes where they didn't even try to be immersive, with the Fighter class where according to the manual it's not even possible to be a master swordsman or great warrior, with the combat only spell casting, with all the spells that make it hard not to aoe your own guys, with paying gold into the air to copy spells, with the limited XP for defeating your enemies, with fatigue replacing health and your enemies nicely letting you lie down to rest, with the non stackable magical bonuses, with the steel helms that have no armor rating, with 4 different types of armor that all sell forexactlythe same price at the Smithy, and on and on and on.If I wanted to play a spread sheet I'd play with a spread sheet. This game tries its hardest to suck out the fun and to make the game feel as sterile and ""balanced"" as possible while killing the feeling of being immersed in a world. It's a roleplaying game, let me roleplay and have fun instead of throwing me in a fantasy themed number and balance generator."
76561198097393464,Recommended,291650,32218692,Posted: 6 June,all,Dio,One of the best spiritual successor of classic CRPGs like BG and NWN available in present day market. Just buy it.
76561198281745988,Recommended,291650,33654004,Posted: 19 July,all,merenki,"Nice pack of gaming for those who enjoyed Baldur's Gates in the 1990´s. Gaming mechanics were mostly working and there was a lot to play. Some bugs did do some harm on the experience, though. Also, I don't if it's just me but the many folklores and myths of the game seemed a bit difficult to follow. Good game, all in all."
76561198010794096,Not Recommended,291650,21279597,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Typ,"I enjoyed the game when it first came out. Then I enjoyed it again when the DLCs came along, and now I was about to buy it for a friend of mine so he also could enjoy it.♥♥♥♥ NO!I paid a total of around $30-$35 including DLCs and IT HAS TRIPLED IN PRICE since then!BOYCOTTING THIS!"
,Recommended,291650,34198296,Posted: 12 August,all,Juke Buke,"This game is fantasitc, surpasses dragon orgins, tyranny, fallout, and some many other fantastic games. I finished it and I already want to start a new playthrough"
76561198017610749,Recommended,291650,34156353,Posted: 10 August,all,The Universe,My favorite RPG of the last several years.
76561198002871625,Recommended,291650,34153427,Posted: 10 August,all,saint,I absolutely love this game! One of my favorites.
76561198137508748,Recommended,291650,34144271,Posted: 10 August,all,theguy,"It's kinda like the old dungeons and dragons rpgs, but they invented some annoying mechanics that make it a little worse than games like baldurs gate or icewind dale.1. The item, magical weapons e.g. aren't as good as in baldurs gate. Most of them are pretty boring, there's no such thing as the flail of mae, which can oneshot enemies, or casomyr.2. annoying stun spells: There're creature with the druid spell lighting storm, which will perma stun your fighters. More frustrating than challenging and takes away some of the fun.3. Frustrating enemy placement. This will annoy you extremely when playing in iron mode. Sometimes you clear an area, than you want to return home and enemies will get teleported in on your way out, killing your party. You basically have to memorize teleportation zones or simply ignore some tunnels and just go for the main objective."
,Recommended,291650,34208939,Posted: 13 August,all,Ehrgeiz,"After playing the series for nearly 100h, I can give a clear reddomendation to play this game. Obsidian has managed to redefine the cRPG gernre with this game, yet preserving the core of it (rich story, isometric view, many items, deep charcter relationship etc.). Overall this was probaly one of my favorite games ever. I also alreday backed the PoE 2 which will be hopefully as good as this one."
,Recommended,291650,35110247,Posted: 21 September,all,Harris Tweed,"Absolutely fantastic game. Graphics are great, controls are great, combat is great. Plot is very detailed, but if you're short on time like I almost always am you can speed read through it and still muddle by with the help of the journal."
76561198036668645,Recommended,291650,35113251,Posted: 21 September,all,maddogphil696,"One of the best RPG games i have ever played. Rivals Bauldurs gate & Bauldurs gate 2, there are some minour niggles with the game though.It Starts of slow dropping you into the story without explaining the world background.The Game Mechanics are not explaind well.But these are litrally the only problems i have with the game, it is ingaging and fun with an excelent story and sub storys and sub quests that make sense.If you are a fan of any type of RPG play this game"
,Recommended,291650,31729364,Posted: 13 May,all,Boondock,We are once again in the goldan age of RPGs thanks to Obsidian and Larian Studios. Thank you.
76561197979820907,Recommended,291650,34961795,Posted: 14 September,all,65gArlickeYez3,...would Watcher again!
,Recommended,291650,28642592,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,"Hit me, Scrotimus. I deserve it.","Good in almost every department -  writing, replayability, dialogue, art and graphics. Don't expect a mind-blowing experience, but expect a game that is surprisingly worth its price in my opinion (well, I did get it on sale). This game is also unique in that almost any character build is viable, granted you know how to play to that build's strength. And that is just beautiful, because that's how humans work. It's not like other RPGs where you *completely* gimp yourself by not dumping ""this stat"" or maxing ""that stat"". Some things are stronger than other for certain situations, but you can always adapt and overcome. Well done.ConsAI pathing is wack. On Path of the Damned (hardest difficulty), nothing will annoy you more than seeing your mage run around in circles to cast an ability on an enemy within spell range. Actually, everyone seems to like running around in circles when given simple commands, even enemies will stand around and watch their comrades fight me. This happens often enough for me to wonder why it wasn't fixed.Load screens are frequent and load times are longer than open world games Bethesda games, even Wasteland 2. I also don't know why that is the case.I hate Durance, and progressing in his story requires you bear with him."
76561198084027139,Recommended,291650,34999995,Posted: 16 September,all,Nitrus,Excellent game.
,Recommended,291650,35141556,Posted: 22 September,all,draugr,"It may not have as strong a narrative as the games it emulates, but it still provides an overall experiance that sizes up to them. I'd also note that this a great starting point for anyone looking to get into cRPGs."
76561198035822867,Recommended,291650,34919024,Posted: 13 September,all,eyidogansinan,"Great old school style Rpg with a lot of reading. Well written, makes you feel like reading a good book. Some flaws about the combat system but you get used to it.  Getting a full party makes things easier while getting the full out of them gets kind of complicated sometimes. Overall a very good old school RPG. Deserves every penny."
76561198217788079,Recommended,291650,30708567,Posted: 24 March,all,PrinceAnzo,"This game is one of the best of it's genre, it introduced me into this kind of roleplay , and i just love it. I really looked for a game that give me a backround, and let me make my really OWN story, and i got it with that, i could make my decision on any encounter, This game is gold for me, not sure if i should buy the DLC 25 bucks a lot."
76561197970720040,Recommended,291650,34943138,Posted: 13 September,all,PandaApocolypse,"Wonderful storyline, immersive world, moral quandries / adult themes, challenging combat system. Very much enjoyed the game."
,Recommended,291650,26208257,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,ExplosiveFirehawk,"The best thing about Pillars of Eternity is that it's willing to work with you. Most situations have wildly different possible reactions (up to, and including,encountering a pit that a bunch of kobolds want to push you in. The pit is drenched in blood. ""I climb down it.""), ranging from benevolent to simply and plainly cruel.Me being the white knight that I am, my character ended up with a reputation for honesty and benevolence-- Which characters reacted to. Since my character was known for integrity and lending a hand, one of my options in a particularly dramatic scene began with ""I am known by all present as honest...""In short, Pillars of Eternity does morality systems RIGHT."
76561198106589839,Recommended,291650,33530896,Posted: 14 July,all,Pinché Gringo,"Pretty messed up what they did in the Summer Sale...While they change the price back, its still pretty messed up.However, the game is fun and would recommed to those who really like classic RPGs"
,Recommended,291650,35214440,Posted: 25 September,all,ChunkyButternut,"A great RPG. One of the first that I've played in over a decade where I didn't have to overlook being clearly boxed in to static quest structure and predictable reward systems. Both the dialogue and game play change drastically depending on the character you build and the decisions that you make. You don't have to be a painted face villain or saint to get rewards out of NPC interaction. Experiment with roleplaying and see unexpected sonsequences unfold in nearly every conversation. The combat is difficult but rewarding to manage, and brilliant when spells and abilities mix and play off of eachother in these special strategically rewarding moments. The game is pretty amazing."
,Recommended,291650,32726542,Posted: 24 June,all,Lumos,"Amazing game, I absolutely cannot wait for game 2. Hope they're done playing with the prices!"
,Not Recommended,291650,33587695,Posted: 16 July,all,Warfox,Overrated. Story is boring AF
76561198080730974,Recommended,291650,19333327,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Solus,"One of the better rpgs I have played in recent years. It plays alot like the older games such as baldurs gate and that generation of crpgs so the astetics are very diffrent from witcher 3 and similar.The gameplay is challenging if you haven't played that kind of game but there are options for everything including the more humorous big heads so you can set the game up to playalmost any way you feel like with 4 difficulties to boot and optional expert and hardcore settings if you are into that.It improves alot on some of the exploits and issues that plagued baldurs gate, some exploits that still exist within the hd version! Having said that there are occasions where I have had pathing issues in the game and dissaperaing option buttons on autosaves but the patches solved 95% of the pathfinding issues as well as ai issues.IN current state when I write this review I would give it an 9/10."
76561198045363620,Not Recommended,291650,35187868,Posted: 24 September,all,Druner,"Loading Screen Simulator.By the by, the game is pretty solid, but the loading times are gruesome.SSD is a must"
76561198067690337,Recommended,291650,35499519,Posted: 5 October,all,vinzi,"This is a very good game.I won't try to explain to you what a crpg is but this is one of the best of its kind.Strong Points of the gameplay are:-Character customisation-Varied classes and ways to play them-Rather well balanced stats-Good challengeIn short the combat is really solid if you like tactical rpgs.The soundtrack is pretty good the graphics are a mixed bag of very detailed backgrounds and ugly as sin character models. But thats ok for a top down game.Also the main story while expertly written is not very good. The expansion story is even worse. But the actual narrative experience as a sum of its parts is fantasic and immersive. This is because of the books you find, the sidequests and interractions with NPC's and your party members. You can get so much lore out of this game if you care to read it.Objectively negative points are the long loading screens and terrible pathing. But neither of which are a deal breaker.Play this game if you like the gameplay and the worldbuilding.Stay away if you value a strong main campaign and good graphics."
