user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198040295484,Recommended,291860,32152526,Posted: 3 June,all,Linkx357,"Another favorite made by Behemoth. In its current state (Early Access update 3), it stands strong on an excellent foundation for what can be a masterpiece once finished. I'll list some pros and cons below for its current state.PROS:Artwork.Voice acting.Funny.Turn-based made fun.World exploration.Co-op, both local and online!Daily leader board with rewards (replay value).World seems to have 'pick up or ignore' side quests.Capturing new recruits to join your team is currently my favorite part.The weapon and shield choices are great, and hilarious! Spatula for a sword, large piece of bacon for a shield, lol!CONS:Main storyline is limited to only one, really awesome btw, quest once the tutorial missions have been completed.Sound track is VERY limited at this point, and music can get repetitive.There needs to be about 20 more monster types added for capturing and battle variety.CONCLUSIONGreat game that's worth a buy already. Made by a team you can trust to see the project through to the end and finish with a great product. Highly recommended, worth it for the laughs alone."
,Recommended,291860,32755552,Posted: 24 June,all,Snake Guy,"I grew up at the tail end of what I'll call ""the Newgrounds generation""-- that is, the adolescent boys (and, to a lesser degree, girls) who spent their youth on the website of Tom Fulp, engaging in the flash animations and games and becoming part of that underground internet subculture. I was always captivated by that which made Newgrounds, Newgrounds-- the fact that anyone could make anything and upload it, and anyone else could comment on it or rate it. And nothing stood out to my juvenille mind more than the works that made the website famous; the ultra-violent Madness Combat series; the absurdist humor of Eddsworld; the insane difficulty of early iterations of Super Meat Boy... The list of media that changed my budding self can go on and on. I retained all of it; I'll blame my entire personality and sense of humor on what I grew up watching and playing on my dad's old laptop. But the one export of Newgrounds that I always loved the absolute most was The Behemoth. I fell in love with their beat-em-up classic Castle Crashers at a Kid's Night Out party, as I played it on an Xbox 360 there. I was obsessed. Every waking moment I would think about, draw about, talk about the game. When I finally got my own Xbox 360, Castle Crashers was one of the first games I bought for it, back when you paid in Xbox points (where one dollar was equal to 80 or 160 points). I was a junkie for that game; I even brought my own Xbox to my friend's houses so we could play together locally. Years later, when I heard they made Battleblock Theatre, I bought it on the spot. It was everything I wished for-- The Behemoth's signature art style, sense of humor, and pefectly challenging gameplay, but on a platformer. I had a new drug, and I was hooked. I played that game whenever I could. Sadly, eventually, the burning passion I held in my youth died out. I would still play both games (Alien Homonid too, but to a lesser extent) from time to time, reminiscing on the bygone era of the post-Golden age of Newgrounds. Time passed, and I caught wind of a new Behemoth game from either Game Informer or PC Gamer in the magazine rack of a local supermarket. And this time, it was a turn-based RPG! I was amazed. I was excited. I spent as much time as I could researching it, trying to find out where, when, and how I could play it. That was years ago. Pit People was a cloudy fuzz of nostalgia and excitement in my mind until the day I opened up steam and what did I see on the front page-- Out now, Pit People. I was ecstatic. I couldn't wait to get it. What stopped me? My own wallet. In my youth my pocket changed flowed freely, and I splurged on whatever I felt like-- games, DLC, food, movies-- but in my teenage years I was not the same. I decided to myself, ""ah, early access. I'll wait until it comes out for real"". 4 updates passed, and I couldn't hold back. I whipped out my debit card on the first day of the Summer Sale and proceeded to buy it. And I must say, it's everything I hoped for and so, so much more. Where do I begin? Everything is exactly as I remember The Behemoth. The gameplay is challenging, in just the right level of fun. There's tons of options for how you want to play the game. There are cosmetics galore. The story is humorous but engaging, light but oh so rich. The announcer is the same from Battleblock Theatre and I love it as I did back then. This is the kind of game I would have made for the young version of myself growing up at my dad's overheating computer playing on Internet Explorer until I accidentally discovered Firefox. I give this game a perfect 10. If anyone at The Behemoth is reading this post, I want to tell you: Keep up the great work. The Behemoth quite literally shaped my mind as a child and it's just as good as I remember it."
,Recommended,291860,29308448,Posted: 16 January,all,MaysonD,"Pit People is XCOM, Fire Emblem, and Pokemon thrown into the minds of Behemoth and what they made is a funny and good looking game. The meat of the game is doing battle with teams of bad guys with your very own squad that you find through the story mode until you find Sophia the Recruitador (a lot of characters in this game have funny names). Then, the game branches into another way of playing it. You can capture any unit you fight on the battlefield when you leave it as the last one alive. There are several character classes from the human fighters to the penguins to the beefy giants to the cupcake healer class. Every character has their own name from Gluten to Pipistrella.This is an early access title as of January, and it shows only in the story mode. The rest of the game is polished and balanced with each weapon type and class, but the story mode is farly short. What it lacks in length it makes up in character and gameplay. The narrator Stamper was present in their previous game Battleblock Theater as well but he takes the role of a godlike bear that overlooks the story as a sort of meta-narrator, talking to the characters and talking to the player. Apart from the short story quests, there are a few side quests that are all five parts incrasing in difficulty. These serve the same purpose as side quests in different games, to give you some more gold and flesh out the characters. These side quests take a bit longer than the story.Apart from the insanely fun singleplayer, there exists an in-universe multiplayer PvP called the Pit, which is pretty much the only reference to the title of the game. You and a partner control your squads to defeat two other people's squads. It's a very satisfying game mode as you can learn from the other people's squad composition to increase chances of success. Think XCOM PvP. You get story rewards as well depending on how many games you win per day. As it is now, Pit People is very fun and well balanced even though the story mode was short and as sweet as the cupcake healer class."
76561198055677938,Recommended,291860,29660079,Posted: 2 February,all,FizzyBits,"Started out playing.Went to do a mission to escort a man to tinkletownThe town is literally a giant toilet.Get into a fight cause people wanted to watch him do his business.Beat them up.Only a mushroom remains, didn't have it in my books so I decided to capture him.Went home and I discovered that his name is FRESH MEMES.I brought home Fresh Memes and he will be my savior in future battles.10/10 game"
,Recommended,291860,29241690,Posted: 13 January,all,Vinny,It's a game made by The Behemoth you already know it's good.
,Recommended,291860,29232725,Posted: 13 January,all,Xorik,"I haven’t seen very many qualitative reviews yet, so I’m attempting my own. This is based on what I’ve experienced in the game so far playing three hours on my Xbox One and on Steam altogether.A turn-based strategy game, you can build a team of up to six characters with their own customized equipment. Everyone can have different weapons, some with effects and some that are strong against enemies wearing particular equipment. An example of this is that swords will be weak against people with helmets but maces will be strong against them. While customizing you character, you will see a bar graph which tells you their equip load, damage, range, defense, and dodge. Going above 100% equip load will reduce the character’s move points by one, and staying below 50% grants an additional move point. You can designate one person on your team as the hero. Doing so gives them more health, damage, and greater equip load.The combat is fairly simple. Move your melee team members adjacent to enemies, and they will attack them. Ranged team members supposedly need at least one empty space between the enemy and themselves. If there are multiple enemies that can be targeted within the vicinity, that unit will seemingly choose a random enemy to strike. Some of the fights can take a few minutes depending on how fast your thinking is when it comes to moving your team.Early in the game, you will find a city where you will be buying some of your items, fighting in the pit against A.I. or other people online for gold, and customizing your characters or changing your team members as you obtain equipment and people throughout the game. Gold and items can be obtained outside of this place, but you are limited to how many items you can carry. Two important items I’ve come across are campfires, which allow you to heal your team outside of combat, and recruit cages, which allows you to recruit enemies to join your team. Mind that you will need to unlock the recruit cages through meeting a certain character first. I would recommend not fighting in the pit early in the game against A.I.'s beyond story mode. Three consecutive rounds can be difficult to finish.Story mode is not finished yet, but there are many battles across the map you travel through outside of combat. Alongside the story mode quests, there are other quests you can choose from. You can also encounter optional quests while exploring the map. The game will point you to the objective once you’ve accepted a quest.The art and music are reminiscent of previous titles, but they feel updated as well. The narration is just as funny as it was in Battleblock Theater. Castle crasher players will recognize the combat style immediately. Battleblock Theater players will know how this game is loosely connected to it.I've recently tried co-op. Pretty much the second person you play with will have the same stuff as you from the very beginning. When you unlock a character, they get a variation of them as well. They will also have the main characters in character selection when they have the chance to change team members.I have not tried PvP yet, so I can’t say anything about them. Hopefully someone else can tell you guys about them. Other than that, that’s all I can tell you about the game. Hopefully you will find other qualitative reviews better than mines. If you buy the game, I hope you enjoy playing it as I did."
,Recommended,291860,29286804,Posted: 15 January,all,KingWaffles101,Behemoth = Overwhelmingly Positive
76561198014918694,Recommended,291860,29547150,Posted: 28 January,all,...,"Customisable two-player co-op campaign-based, turn-based tactical battling goodness.Early access but already super polished with hours of content. Very active and responsive developers who listen to suggestions.This is going to be one of the best co-op games ever made."
,Recommended,291860,29589192,Posted: 30 January,all,Duckenstane,Behemoth never lets me down.
76561198085657935,Recommended,291860,29240629,Posted: 13 January,all,Shadowyman123,Pros-+Stamper voices 80% of this entire game+It's made my Behemoth+You have a nitro chariot+Said chariot can poop on command and shoot rockets+You can watch a cupcake slowly suicide to heal you with its delicious frosting+You can beat people with a piece of brocolliCons--Stamper doesn't voice the remaining 20%34/12- Needs all the Stamper
,Recommended,291860,33053311,Posted: 30 June,all,¡¡¡🌎Captain World🌎!!!,Nice Game+Funny+Comic+Best animationGameplay Video
,Recommended,291860,29583794,Posted: 30 January,all,Yung_Meme | Daffy Duckler,Another masterpiece by the Behemoth. This game is only in early access and it beats most of games for its price or higher. I am not a fan of turn-based games but I LOVE this game.ProsGreat HumourSolid gameplayGreat customisationGreat range of weaponsGreat range of characters and creaturesQuests to keep you busy when you complete the storyetc.ConsNot much story2009 Internet Memes
76561198061004590,Recommended,291860,32728886,Posted: 24 June,all,HugeYetti,"The Behemoth hasn't made a bad game to date. It will NOT get stuck in early access, and will NOT dissapoint even in its current state. Highly reccomend!"
,Recommended,291860,29361210,Posted: 19 January,all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/RsPh-mTZo8MTL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!Pit People is a strategy adventure game with turn-based combat brought to you by the developers who also made BattleBlock Theater and Castle Crashers. Pit People is a different genre of game than their previous games, but the character style and sense of humour is consistent in Pit People as well.You create a team to with up to 6 characters on it, and battle against the enemies in turn based combat until one team is defeated or your objective is accomplished. I’ve been playing mostly on normal difficulty. I always heal to full health before each encounter, and so far I haven’t found the fights too challenging. I tried a mission on the insane difficulty, and if it wasn’t for my characters leveling up (to restore them to full hp) mid-combat, I would have died for sure. You can bring more than one of the same character type at a time, but the cupcakes don’t heal other cupcakes. If all of your characters die, you lose some gold and maybe some items, but there is no perma-death, so the game is forgiving in that sense.During your turn you lock in all of your moves at once before ending the turn. If you make a mistake with the move, you can always change it before you end your turn. You are given plenty of time to lock in your moves. The combat has some random factors, like dodging, crits, and most notably which target you actually hit. You have control over your team’s movement, but you have no say as to which target you will actually attack. For example: if you place a character in a hex that’s adjacent to multiple targets, your character can attack any of the available targets, and not necessarily the target you want. There is friendly fire with AE abilities, and you can accidentally heal enemies as well.You journey out from town to explore, or complete missions by driving around the map in a nitro-boosted wagon...that poops. There are enemies everywhere, but it’s nice that you can easily avoid combat by stunning them and running past if you want to. It’s a lot better than having to flee combat, since fleeing makes all of your characters take damage, and drops your items on the ground.You can play by yourself against the AI, or in two player co-op either online or locally. There is voice and text chat In co-op, so you can coordinate easier. Both you and your ally take your turns at the same time, and there are a lot more enemies to compensate for there being a second player. There is also an arena where you can battle against other players in 2v2 battles or compete for scores on the leaderboard against AI.In almost every battle, you have the option to recruit the last remaining enemy by capturing them with a net and cage. I think it’s awesome that you can capture any enemy you come across, and that it never fails to capture. It’s also neat that you get to keep all of the equipment that they are wearing when you are recruit them. Sometimes I wish I could capture more than one enemy per battle though. There are different species that have special abilities, and other species that can be equipped with gear. There are no skill points to allocate, but the equipment let’s you customize each character.Pros:the same Behemoth style and humourlots of side quests to do, and some have their own mini stories to go with themTONS of collectible items to find - most are purely cosmetic, while others have various combat stats, and you can also trade items with other players (I played for about 10 hours, and only got 9% complete)the gameplay is fun, but can get repetitive after a while (I still got my money's worth)voice acting for the narrative (Will Stamper, from BattleBlock Theater) is amazing, and the goofy made-up language with voice acting is rather entertaining at timesmost of the sound effects are decent, and soundtrack is good, but it won’t appeal to everyone.good looking unique and colourful environments that are all designed with hexesawesome animations, and fantastic character customizationskeybindings are fully customizable, and there is full controller supportCons:the game lacks a full-sized map that shows all the areas you’ve explored - since you can only have 2 active quests at a time, it would be nice to have a large map marking points of interest you’ve seen, but not yet completednot much of the main story it available yet as expected in early access (but at least there are a lot of side quests available)(nitpick) the clouds everywhere blocking vision while driving around is annoying(nitpick) the randomness of which targets you actually hit can be a pain sometimes(nitpick) it can sometimes be hard to tell which hexes you can’t walk on(nitpick) when you are running through enemies avoiding combat the aggro sound is quite irritating (they should lower the radius that prompts the sound)Conclusion:If you’re hoping for story, there isn’t much in the way of a story campaign just yet, but there are still plenty of quests to do.  Playing against the AI as single player is fun, but it feels repetitive after a while. The co-op is enjoyable, but I wasn’t able to try the PvP since I got impatient waiting for it to pop. Overall, it’s a nicely polished turn-based strategy game that’s not too punishing, and it has an abundance of collectibles, and the sense of humour you would expect from a Behemoth title. I have no regrets with the purchase, and I look forward to more of the story being added.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
76561198075108160,Not Recommended,291860,33303383,Posted: 6 July,all,Steve Spooky,"I was holding back on reviewing on this game, for 2 reasons. It's in early access, and I felt like I might not have known what I was talking about if I had reviewed it earlier. But at 38 hours right now, I feel like I know enough about the game to assess what's right and wrong with it (at least at the moment).To start off, let me just say that I love The Behemoth. I've never played Alien Hominid, but I've poured a lot of hours into Battleblock Theater and Castle Crashers. Both of those games I immensely enjoyed, and still play quite a bit today. So, after seeing the release of this game in the steam store about 5 months ago, I was extremely excited. Fast-forward to the first few days of the summer sale. I bought this game right away.In my first few hours of the game, I really enjoyed it. It seemed a little simplistic, but I figured that was just because I was still in the beginning. The art, music, and atmosphere were (and are) wonderful. But what occurred as I continued to play was the grave realization that perhaps the gameplay wasn't one of the strong points.Many other people have complained that battles are way too slow-paced, although that wasn't a real weak point in my eyes. My main problems were the repetitive gameplay, the lack of progression, and because of that, not much of a reason for encounters.Let's start with the repetitive gameplay. The game has somewhere around 100 quests. At the moment, there are about 3 story quests, 7 questlines, and the rest are one off quests found out in the wild. The problem with these is that there's only really 2 missions. One is to fight a battle. The other is to go to a certain point (and sometimes fight a battle when reaching said point.) On occasion a mission will have a small twist, such as having to destroy a wall, or having to protect a certain unit. Other than that though, the missions are mostly the same, with the exception of different dialouge, which is enjoyable, but doesn't help the lacking gameplay.The gameplay in a battle itself isn't bad, but gets repetitive after a while. After playing with the same team for a while, you'll see that the same strategies and moves always seem to emerge, and, most battles end up being handled in a similar way as the others. The main weak point with the repetition is that you don't get a lot out of it. This leads me to my next point, which is the fact that there is virtually no progression in the game.The lack of progression in this games stems from the fact that leveling up does almost nothing for your unit leveling up. A level 99 (max) unit might have maybe 1 or 2 more in the damage stat than a level 1 unit. If you've played the game, you'll know that this is not a lot at all. Besides that, even though there are loads of them, the items that you use on your units have mostly the same exact stats, but are just sorted into different subgroups. There are about 4 different helm groups, a few different weapon groups, and that's about it. Some of them have light changes, but this is not a lot of them. And to add insult to injury, most units can't even use items that affect their performance. For example, cupcakes (healers) are all exactly the same. The items used on them are purely cosmetic and don't affect anything gameplay-wise. Besides the miniscule stat bonus you get from tons of leveling, every cupcake's stats are the exact same thing. Humans and cyclopses are the only units to be able to use all categories as far as I know. The rest either have none or can equip one of the helmet subgroups (with the exception of the gorgon, that can equip a sword)So, the only thing you get out of capturing/encounters are cosmetic items and gold. What does gold do? It lets you buy more cosmetic items in the market, or buy supplies before you leave the town (which are going to help you get more cosmetic items.) This just lets the game boil down into two things: An insanely tedious collect-a-thon (most quests last about 15-25 minutes and only net a few items.), and decent actual gameplay that gets old quickly. I feel like more effort was put into adding more to already thousands of items, than actually worrying about gameplay.There are a few other things besides that. PvE in normal mode feels way too easy. I realize that differentiating normal and insane mode in a more free-roaming game is harder to do, but I feel like normal mode never really poses a challenge, whereas in the other Behemoth games, Normal mode posed a challenge, at least for a short time.TL;DRThe core gameplay in Pit People isn't bad. It just get's repetitive after grinding for items for a long time. If you really want to pick up this game, I recommend PvP, because I'd definitely say that it's the game's strongest point.Overall, I think my main problem with this game is that it too heavily revolves around collecting cosmetic items, instead of having some kind of satisfying progression. I don't see why people enjoy this game *so* much, but if they do, good for them. If you enjoy dumping tons of hours into repetitive gameplay where collecting doesn't do any good for you, then you'll probably enjoy this game. The thing that really hurts is that I really wanted to enjoy this game. There's definitely tons of potential for great gameplay, an awesome atmospthere, great graphics and dialogue, and abstract but enjoyable music, but that's just my two cents.5/10Major Edit 1: I'd like to make clear that this review was written during update 4. If my opinion changes in the future, I'll make sure to revisit this review. The Update 5 roadmap has just been released, and it includes some features that I'm looking forward to (Leveling, Permadeath mode, etc.) It can be found here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/291860/discussions/0/1470840994976597316/"
,Recommended,291860,29272547,Posted: 15 January,all,Retiblanc,"First thing to note is that game being early access just means the story is not complete. Gameplay is finished, and there's a lot a of quests (which vary a lot) and stuff to do, including PvP mode, and extra difficulty. However, expect that after 2 hours, you'll have finished the story in it, which doesn't mean the game ends.I loved the presentation of the game. classic Behemoth style, with a lot of humor, the same hilarious narrator from Battleblock Theater, and a lot personality behind it. Great music, with a lot of variety. For me, one of the selling points.The gameplay is also great, however, is much simpler than your average turn based grid strategy game. Your characters attack on their own if they are on range of an enemy, for example. If you're looking for ""hardcore gameplay"", you might be disappointed with it. But I think that it goes in the right direction and if fits the game, while being very accesible for people not so into the genre. This is neat because the game has local and online co-op, so you can play this with a lot of people, not just hardcore turn based gamers.Overall, i really liked the game. I would recommend it if you like the presentation, and you want to be playing it just to explore the world that the Behemoth people hace created. If you're looking for a story driven campaign already finished, wait for the full release."
76561197975490238,Recommended,291860,29345031,Posted: 18 January,all,Beerfox,"Such a fun and fluid game, I was a fan of Behemoths previous games but to me this is the best one yet. Turn based strat games don't always appeal to me but here they have done away with a lot of the micromanagement whilst still retaining the depth and fun. Couple that with the ""recruit"" (basically kidnap your team members into slavery) mechanic, the mind boggling amount of team combinations, 2 player, The Pit where you can PvE or PvP and the ludicrous amount of loot and this is a no brainer.I am trying not to burn out on the game as its in EA but I keep coming back for more,  there is already a staggering amount of content with more to come, highly recommended."
,Recommended,291860,29362541,Posted: 19 January,all,QM,"I would make a long review, explaining why this is worth a purchase... but apparantly just saying the phrase ""behemoth made so is good game"" or something similar basically guarantees this review to be highly agreed upon, so what's the point right?behemoth made so is good gameEdit: ""82% found this review helpful"" omg I hate you guys, you did not find this helpful, sthap."
,Recommended,291860,29307041,Posted: 16 January,all,HijackeR,Behemoth Game = Auto Buy
,Recommended,291860,34407694,Posted: 21 August,all,T.w² | Purplexity,OMG THEY HIRED STAMPER AGAIN
,Recommended,291860,31638399,Posted: 8 May,all,Tee The GraveWalker,it's made by behemoth OF COURSE IT'S GONNA BE GOOD
,Recommended,291860,29228613,Posted: 13 January,all,Another Persona,"Buy it! Buy it for your friends! Buy me another copy! CONQUER ZE WORLD!I have a ton of hours in this from beta. It's an amazing game. Great combat. Great story. Absolutely hilarious (even after 30+ hours). The music is STELLAR, especially the techno track; I can't wait to see what else they have in store. Co-op PVP AND co-op campaign; we can be friends. The beta was my favorite game of 2016, pretty sure this is going to be my favorite game of 2017 as well.So.. stop reading and buy it. I'm a huge SRPG/Tactical Turn based fan and this game gets it so right.Some people have complained about the ""cartoonish"" graphics... and as Cypress Hill said, ""Some people can F*ck off and go to hell"". ^_- No, but seriously, I adore the graphics and animations and their 'language', it totally fits with the awesome narration.BUY IT."
,Recommended,291860,29684414,Posted: 3 February,all,Kura,"Pit People (previously named Game 4) is a very fun and funny strategy game. Normally i dont like Hex Grid games, but this one is too good.  I love Co-op campaign so much. Great mechanics, pretty graphics, i also like the customizations. I love the humor - classic Behemoth humor. Lots of loots and sidequests, and lots of content for an Early Access Game. Great game for completionist who wants to CATCH EM ALLBuy this game, NOW!"
,Recommended,291860,29721693,Posted: 5 February,all,Outlaw,"""HE GAVE HER THE LAST OF HIS BLUE BERRIES"""
76561198065054619,Recommended,291860,29636328,Posted: 1 February,all,Sample101,"Pit people is a really great game. The teams are varied and very customizable, and the strategy is easy to pick up/surprisingly complicated.The main strategy (since targeting is random) relies on1. Picking off their weak characters2. Keeping your low hp characters in the center of formations where it is hard to target them.The placement of ones units becomes increasingly complex when regarding for robots, mushrooms, and mortars, which promote certain spacing and clumping restrictions accordingly.If you enjoy strategy games, and are very into PVP I can recommend this. However, because the PVE gets droll very fast, You should probably  have a friend to play with before you buy if you don't like PVP."
,Recommended,291860,29235993,Posted: 13 January,all,gu3Shaw,"* Do remember this is Early Access, and as such the value of this title as I review it.  My review is based mostly upon the mechanics and what is here, rather than a story that has yet to unfold.Behemoth once again delivers a class A experience with their one of a kind over the top humor. A robust and expansive world, a myriad of memorable characters, and enough loot to make your butt fall off.  Pit People has a diverse and simplistic combat style accessible to players new to the strategy RPG format. Yet still it goes so much deeper than that to the true strategist. Offering near limitless customization this game allows for any playstyle. From people who like to hide behind ponies, to those who crave the boom boom, to those who simply love rainbows. Whether you are a tried and true fan of Behemoth and their past works, or a newcomer to the party, I do believe this is shaping up to be one of the best games of the coming year.That being said, if you are looking strictly to play a large story filled with conquest, glory, and pain, Pit People may not be the title you want...YET. As it sits you will not run short of things to do, amongst them being PVP, Co-Op shenanigans, loot hunting, side quests, and dying with laughter. This is not a typical gotcha early access. What you get right now, without the story, is well beyond the price value. Behemoth made the right decision to let us get the jump start on such a sweet game.Pros:+ Excellent Voiceover+ Wonderful and Diverse Art+ A+++ Soundtrack+ Fluid and Simple Combat+ Deep Customization+ Fantastic Price Point+ Contains the Color Teal+ Fantastic and Lag Free PVP Servers+ Co-Op Couch Play (Bless you Behemoth for keeping the old ways alive.)+ Early Access (This game is well and far beyond what I expected to get at day 1 early access.)+ Flawless Controller PlayCons (Most Likely To Disappear by Full Release) :- Early Access (This is only a con because my body is ready for the whole thing.)- Difficulty Curve for The Unsuspecting/New Player (A.I.'s beyond story mode is a CHALLENGE, PVP garnishes more experienced SRPG Players)- Keyboard/Mouse Controls Need Refined- Can't Buy The Soundtrack"
,Recommended,291860,31469685,Posted: 30 April,all,Zirtiac,This is the only valid excuse for buying an Early Access game.
,Recommended,291860,29428482,Posted: 22 January,all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Pit Peopleis great fun!A few things definately need to be worked on and tweaked, but hey - for an Early Access game from a well-trusted developer, this is looking real good.Essentially, this plays like a modernized quirky version ofFinal Fantasy Tactics. Everything you want from a tactical turn-based party battle management game is pretty much here. Lots of collectibles, both functional and cosmetic. Definately has a good chunk of different kinds of units (the deep customization really helps here in making it feel even more extensive). The online play is off to a great start - they are doing it right.One thing I'll say right up front is that I'm thoroughly confused about people complaining about the short 'main story line' right now. First off, that's the tutorial folks - there is more coming. Secondly, there are over 100 missions WITH storyline dialogue that will certainly take you over a dozen hours to complete. Thats a conservative estimate, too.You can read about all the good stuff in, well, like every other review. What are the negative points?First off, the camera desperately needs work with local co-op. They already said they would fix this as a high priority, so fine. Secondly, while the map ishuge, it sort of, well, lacks a strong flavor. I think it feels very flat, and simply uniformly dotted with either small buildings or landscape chunks. While the map artwork is good and that is set, I'd like to see a bit of TLC go into making the terrain feel better in general. I hear keyboard and mouse controls are abismal, so be warned (I didn't try them because of this warning). Lastly, I think the music is fantastic, although it is not very artistically cohesive. One minute it is high fantasy classical-esque, then it's western cowboy music, and yet another it is techno-ish. Don't get me wrong, it is allverygood, but sometimes this difference made me wonder about how it was all chosen and put together.Another thing I'd like to mention is the difficulty. In five hours, I had never lost. Mind you, I didn't play on 'insane' difficulty, but still. I finished the 'main story', which is just a tutorial or prequal to the actual story (this version ends where it appears the real story begins). I finished 11 quests and a few other things.After a while, I got lazy and stopped really strategizing and just kept throwing units in haphazardly - and I still won.With only a few hours in, I'm going to chalk this up to early game build-up. Plus, I think online play will likely be a different story. I did play online, but only very briefly.Lastly, I felt that single player mode felt much better than local co-op. Local co-op was fun, but the screen was almost too busy, and I felt there was even less strategy. It was like 'just send the units wherever they are next to an enemy' kind of thing. It worked, which is the questionable part.Pros:+Fantastically addictive combat; everything is done really really right+Although I didn't likeBattle BlockorCastle Crashersas much as everyone else (I felt they were shallow), this game has really hit the mark with the depth it brings, respectively+Controller support is great+Don't be fooled - there is a ton of content right now; yes the 'main story' (ie. tutorial) is less than 2 hours - I assure you this will change; further, there are over 100 side quests and some 1,300 collectiblesright now(I could see 15-20 hours easy - as an estimate)+There are various parts of this game to enjoy, and it smartly lets you choose - you can turn on AI to actually do all the battling for you, which is great if you just like the larger aspects of the gameCons:-Difficulty is questionable - I can't seem to ever lose-Local co-op is just too busy to be enjoyable; it hardly felt strategic, either-While the music is great, there is no artistic cohesion; this may be fine, albeit weird-Overall, I'd like it to feel like there is more strategy involved than what I've felt so farI think this title is great, and definately worth full price."
76561197969555320,Recommended,291860,29290069,Posted: 15 January,all,totty,"I have nothing but respect for those at the Behemoth, one of the first indie studios out there, from alien hominid on ps2 to castle crashers to battleblock theater, the effort they put into their games stands out not just in quality but personality. The lineage for the company is one worth reading about, and If you're familiar with Newgrounds, you probably know the long history there,but these guys have been at their unique blend of game-spices since I was a wee lad, and it was a bootstraps effort to put the dream in motion and it wound them here on release of a hilarious fourth incarnation of a game only they can make and would be a pity to miss.  Unlike anything the Behemoth has done yet, the gameplay is layered, but easy to pick up, about as time consuming as you'd like it to be. The trailers speak for themselves, but the voicework from Stamper, the animation from Dan, the coding of a team that wrangles the madness together know what they are doing-if the early access tag has you 2spook'd. Cmon. It's the Behemoth, so for what I was anticipating, I was not at all let down. I say fifteen is a steal, and with all the art and animation and style and humor in here, you're not likely to find a game that has the kind of charm and wit with gameplay to match. Unique In short spurts or hours of competing for leaderboard rank, this hexa-brawly-turn-based strategy has more to offer than many out there of it's nature. As far as early access goes, this is tip top fare and well worth your $15."
,Recommended,291860,29231661,Posted: 13 January,all,LiiGHTz ツ,"I've played Castle Crashers on the PS3 for hours with my mate, also played the STEAM version, played Battle Block for several hours and the Pit People beta. Right now I'm playing the Early Access version and this is another amazing game from Behemoth :D They have never disappointed me ^^+ Soundtrack+ Art style+ The narrator+ Gameplay+ And many other things ;)Keep in mind that this is the early access version and the finished product will even have more things to explore :)"
,Recommended,291860,29277073,Posted: 15 January,all,ParksandRekt,This is the best Final Fantasy game to date.
76561198114879856,Recommended,291860,32784805,Posted: 25 June,all,SlydragonX,"This game is possibly the best purchase i have made on steam so far, i would recommend this to anybody that has the time to play. the questing system is simple yet so much fun. all of the characters have there own personallitys and the narrative for the main story line is halrious, 10/10"
,Recommended,291860,29261301,Posted: 14 January,all,Arkavell,"The Giraffe on the loading screen haunts my dreams, 10/10."
,Not Recommended,291860,29427028,Posted: 22 January,all,GANNONFORK,"If you're here reading my review you must be wondering if this game is worth buying or not. Well, I'll go ahead and let you sort out your own opinion and you can decide for yourself. PLEASE NOTE: This game is in Early Access, so don't let this review effect your views on the actual game when it comes out. Thanks!Pros:Great Team-Builder type game. If you love the type of game where it's critical to build your own team, this one is for you The units I've discovered thus far are as follows: Tank, short ranged but fast archers, long ranged but slow morters, healers, heavy hitter, DPS, and self-sufficient. All characters spare Healer and self-sufficent are interchangable. You may equip them with items varying from a rainbow.. bow to a chalk board with Einstine's ""E=MC2"". Though beware, as weight limits may prohibit you from reaching your characters full potential!In the world, you may fight to get loot. Beware though! If you lose a fight or flee you may lose your items! You must make the difficult decision of staying outside and battling for more loot as you complete quests, or you can venture back home and attempt to drop off your loot. Very good system!Wonderful balance. The game does a great job of making you feel challenged but not overwhelmed. Never before in this game have I desired to quit the game because a level was brutally unfair to me. It gives me a great challenge, even if playing with a friend, but if it gets too easy for you INSANE MODE is already implimented in the game and ready to use. Turning it on is as easy as completing the tutorial level.The game becomes self-aware.. mostly. The game only makes you complete its lengthy tutorial once, and after that you can jump right into your 5 out of 6 starting group and play away the day. It also holds nice polishes as to changes in the HUB city. Incuding little changes you might see after completing a quest..The characters and personalitys are diverse. Going into this I was scared that all of the characters might be static and comedy-esq where I know they only joke. While yes this game has an AMAZING sense of humor, it is very careful to pick and choose when to be full on comedy and when to dawn the garb of light hearted seriousness.Many refrences. If you're a proud owner of BattleBlock or Castle Crashers like I am, you are rewarded with headwear for your characters that have.. actually pretty reasonable stats. Long live Hatty Hattington, The Tearful Warrior!Cons:The interface for equiping weapons and armor is... foreign to say the least. Things don't add up. There are three kinds of swords: Short, Medium, and Large (Forgive me if the names are wrong, but that's the jist). Good mechanic overall, but the swords vary in damage only slightly while other stats such as DODGE and DEF. may suffer or benefit greatly. I found myself unable to equip items that may have looked amazing, or that I got from the games Early Access finale. Worst of all is that the swords add to your weight, so I find myself using almost only the starting weapons since they have the most balance.Leveling is broken. A big part of the appeal to this game was the Leveling system.. only to find out it does nothing. Amidst the wilds of the map you might discover a wild band of raiders you wish to attack. You kill one and a beam of purple erupts from your character while the letters, ""LVL UP!"" appear briefly. Is it noticable? No, the ATK, DEF, Ect buff is so small you'd have to level up quite a few times. I'm talking 20+ times, and leveling up does get progressively harder.Armor eye appeal. There is said to be 1300+ items in the game to equip, and the majority look pretty cool. Be it a cup of joe to a Doge refrence. However... don't expect your people to look cool if you favor stats. As unbalanced as the items are currently, you are ALWAYS stuck with the default ""T-shirt"" so to speak. Cool helmet? Great. B.A. Sword? Even Better. I just hope those things look cool on your plain white shirt or furry black hair troll.Overall:This game is a wonderful game in my eyes, and I hate turn based combat spare Pokemon. It will take you on a few laughs and possibly make you wonder if Stamper's voice hurts after hearing his strange diologue where he occasionally yells. I feel this game is a wonderful addition to the Behemoth family and is on the forefront of breaking the bad trend of video game companies pumping out reskin sequels.For only the price of 15$ I would reccomend this game if it had a few more fixes onto it. It has a nice touch to it and great replay value to those who enjoy playing with team building options.What could be fixed/changed:Wagon upgrades, something to spend the money you'll accumulate as you progress. Something that's not needed nessesaraly, but something that would make the journey more enjoyable if you could customize your ride with cool looking cannons or an alternate horse type.Biome types. The game is very scattered and geographically makes utterly no sense. While yes, it is the Bear-apocalypse that doesn't mean the world should be as mixed as it is. I feel as if the map should have started with plains at least, expanding into a mountain zone to the west and a lake/island region to the east. Something to help pinpoint where the player is at. Something where the player could say: ""To get to the Desert, go North onto the flaming fields, once you've reached the volcano zone stop and head east towards the island region. Follow along this route North-east until the islands begin to clump together and you'll see the desert. Enjoy!""Biome types. The characters are diverse in this game, but you take no advantage of it. Keep the little bandits in the fields, and the massive cyclopse men in the farther out areas so the player FEELs threatened. Am I saying exclude them from the lower levels? No, but I would suggest making them more frequent and powerful the farther they are from the current location of your Town is.Town/HUB Movement. It's a good idea, but if you went off of the Biome type idea I mentioned previously you might see an oppertinuty. This town movement instills adventure out of your comfort zone, but having the biome types could help the player navigate the landscape and perhaps even feel a bit more comfortable dodging the raining bear blood on their next quest.The Pit. Give the player the choice to ""Descend"" the pit. It would eliminate part of the feel of grinding enemies outside, but here's the twist. The pit only gives EXP and little gold. The real incentive is if you can make it to X floor then you get a reward. However, to make it a challenge for your team you have to get down to X floor in one go. Perhaps a checkpoint at every 5th, 20th, or 50th floor depending on difficulty of individual floors? This pit idea would make the overworld seem less comforting as you'd be spending less time there, and the game would seem bigger as there's another objective for the player to do.ADD TORSO EQUIPMENT. I've already said this in my review, but PLEASE add this. My team looks really sad-sack. I know the game is in the apocalypse, but the fact they never change shirts shouldn't hold in that situation either..Leveling. Perhaps if you got your character to say... LVL 100. There should be some kind of choice you can make. Here's what I think that choice should be. Getting to LVL 100 unlocks a quest where you BLAH BLAH BLAH you're left with the option to keep them at 100, split the 100 with the other team members on your team, or spend the levels on unlockables NOT NESSESARY TO THE GAME. Ex) Rare music disc's, unused Stamper audio, paints to re-color your items to make them match. Things a perfectionist, most people who reach 100 would be this, would crave.That's about it for now, as I'd hate to waste anyones time who's still reading this. I hope this review helped! Have a nice day!"
,Recommended,291860,32903825,Posted: 27 June,all,John the Ratgon,"Quirky, fun, and imaginative, you should aboslutely get this game. Funny as all hell and a blast to play.Why don't you have this yet? BUY IT ALREADY."
,Recommended,291860,29239491,Posted: 13 January,all,Kurumi=life,WORTH THE WAITthis is a really fun game such a shame it is not fully finished yeah.the art is amazing btw.
,Recommended,291860,29717755,Posted: 5 February,all,The ImprovisE!,"Funniest game i played in a while. Absurdity, paradoxes, chaos, and fun :)"
,Recommended,291860,29290232,Posted: 15 January,all,RT_Mythictang,Another hilarious game made by Behemoth!! Can't wait to see the final release of this game since the early access is already amazing!!.
76561198082057007,Recommended,291860,29310063,Posted: 16 January,all,Satan Panini Maker 3000,"Pit People is easily my favourite behemoth game to date, the one thing that sets this game apart from other behemoth games is it's high replayability and options of how you can play. Only thing I would reccomend the game might add is an improved UI when it comes to the pit.Fantastic game that's just in early access9/10"
,Recommended,291860,34042918,Posted: 5 August,all,♡𝒲𝒽𝒾𝓈𝓉𝑒𝓇,"No surprise here,Behemoth does it again!10/10"
76561198142458989,Recommended,291860,29326808,Posted: 17 January,all,XolNight,I have an axe throwing cyclops wearing a lizard hat riding a spider centaur attacking a satan worshipping fire wielding pixie.10/10 even though its in early access and all the content isn't there yet.
,Recommended,291860,30251035,Posted: 28 February,all,Scherezad,"You can use Muscley Nipples to spit acid at Ebola, who explodes and kills Thorp McBlasto.You can also experience some of the clutchiest moments in a game without permadeath-- like having a unit solo an entire enemy team because you were smart. This game rewards clever positioning and being able to adapt."
,Recommended,291860,29508847,Posted: 26 January,all,Doohicky101,"Is it good? YesIs it nearly finished? NoWorth the dolla? Hell yes.I bought it looking for something similar to Banner Saga. This is not quite as complex but unlimited customization potential definitely makes every encounter unique, and the ferocious pvp scene is always a winner. However I do not advise buying it for the pvp alone yet, since I have yet to find an online game, but I do battle friends offline. This may just be because I live in South Africa, but I dont see why lag would be an issue in a turn based game."
76561198191215006,Recommended,291860,29707585,Posted: 4 February,all,GAMMA farmskins.com,Behemoth never lets me down.Never lets the community down. Never lets ANYONE done amazing game 10/10
,Recommended,291860,32958423,Posted: 28 June,all,FuscusNight,"What an absolutely fantastic game, Behemonth never disappoints that's for sure.If you got a boyfriend,girlfriend or just a good friend in general to hang with, getting this game is one of the best choices you can do.The humor as per usual to Behemonth's standards is spot on and always brings a smile,chuckle or a full on laught.The gameplay is very simple but a lot of fun, probably one of the simplest turn based tactics game i ever played yet oddly still engaging. Granted, some fights in some quests i find tend to drag on for a bit too long with both me and my boyfriend thinking out loud at times ""Really, even more guys ?"" still, it's a minor annoyance in a rather excelent game, i hope it gets fully finished very soon."
,Recommended,291860,29594191,Posted: 30 January,all,Daft,"""I SAID HORATIO DIES!!"""
76561198071759917,Recommended,291860,34285911,Posted: 16 August,all,TheFlamboyantFlounder,"DisclaimerTo start off I would like to first highlight that despite having 17 hours in the game as of the time of writing this review, I have yet to experience some of the major aspects of this game.A. These being first Co-op element of the game which typically increases the fun factor of most games by upwards of 100% and I feel in this games case would make for a far far far superior experience.B. The pit, an arena in the games city hub area thingy that features arena battles against both npcs and AI with coop also being an option.C. The ""hard core mode"" or whatever it is called, while less important as not many people will be hinging their purchase decision on an additional difficulty setting, it still bears mention.(Okay not entirely true, I did switch it on at one point but there were loud noises, flashing light, smoke and fire... long story short I got scared an immediately turned it off again ;-;)With that out of the way, Let Us Begin!The ProsThis game. Is. Bonkers.I never expected in my life that I would be setting the personal objective to go out of my way in a video game in order to..Get a prettier pair of leggings.. that are purely cosmetic.. for my spider lady.. so that they would match the style of my companion.. who rides on her back.. and is also a sentient cupcake.. that flings portions of its body into teammates mouths.. so that it can heal them.. while slowly killing itself in the process.Now in case you aren’t sold quite yet, here are some more general pros in my opinion.- It can be described as ""babies first strategy game"" andNOTand a derogatory sense.Even if you have never played a strategy game or plain suck at any of those that you have tried, rest assured that you will be able to perform competently in this game. Simple and Satisfying is the motto I use for the gameplay.**AND YET!The system cannot be called shallow so easily given the wealth of weapon types, unit types, team combinations and hazards/status effects that all serve to enrich the base combat experience.Additional likeable features of the game that come to mind include the games vast degree of customization items (well over 1000 individual items) that give little advantage over each other in reguards to stats.Sure some might have certain resistances or attributes such+dodge%chanceetc.However as a whole this does not subtract from the game experience, it helps avoid a balancing nightmare and constant player worrying ""are the stats good enough? Do I have anything optimal? Omg heavens forbid I am not min/maxing to the fullest extent"" ad infimum.""Instead this lets the player simply... have fun! New hat? Like the hat? Stick that sucker on!Fashion souls to your hearts content, better to kick butt in style am I right! ^-^A final attractive feature I will mention before moving along to the next portion of this review(which I can already tell is going to be long af so settle in kiddies)is the games full co-op (both local and online) functionality. Worked seamlessly into the game, for example;Want to go to the shops in the city while your partner edits his team build? Sure! You can both do as you please without causing any inconvenience to the other party.Over world map travel? There’s only one carriage with one driver... so one of you gets to be the gunner on top, allowing for some additional team interactions and coordination to stun enemies that you would rather not start an encounter with.(Can be done as a solo player as you are given control over movement and guns in that instance so don't worry)Combat? You both take you full teams into the battles and.. well it's a turn based strategy game so it's not like much can really go wrong or inconvenience either party mechanically.The ConsCombat can get very repetitive and once you capture all the creatures you want, unless you spot an over world mob with an item youreally reallywant, you may find yourself in the same position as me.Actively avoiding combat outside of quests and even if you get sucked into one... just fleeing because scccreeww that.This however is not a con within the context of said quests, this being due to the simple fact that a lot of tender love and care is put into quests. The maps which these encounters take place in are typically hand crafted and narrated, not only adding charm and character to both the enemies and the environment but also changing the gameplay.Through adding in map objectives (camps to destroy, buttons to press, key targets, etc.) you can complete the mission without having to actually kill everything in the level!My favourite example(will be vague to avoid spoilers)of this is during a mission where most of the gimmick is to throw tons more foes at you than you initially expected.This still works. Why? The way the enemies are introduced is entertaining and each new enemy adds a new map objective making it easier beat the level beyond brute forcing i.t(aka surround the mofo's one by one and dog pile them for a quick 1/2 round kill.)------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Another issue with the game to some might be the early access status of the game, however with Behemoth working on the game given their track record with past titles and the update work on this game over the years you can stand to feel a little less anxious.The main storyline is still underdeveloped in the sense that there are only a handful of mission (albeit recently paced, narrated and designed with interesting cut scenes and objectives) that you can be done within a few hours easily.This will however continue to be expanded over time and is more forgivable given both the quality level and the games vast array of side quests.These aforementioned side quests will keep you running all over the world map always excited for the next to see how the stories unfold. For example (spoilers) One mission leads you toTravel to the FRIGGEN SUN to retrieve some sorta solar great sword of massive damage and aoe fire starting nonsense!A final note before we wrap up for the cons is… hard core strategy players...This might not be the game for you, the game is quite simplistic compared to other strategy games due to features such as the fact that if you move a unit to a positon. Whereby it *can* target more than one opponent... you have no control over which foe it will actually attack so... soooo yeah, that might cheese your onions if you know what I mean.ConclusionThe game is only going to get better with time and the price is said to be getting hiked up about five bucks or so whenever the game leaves early access. So all around I would say it is a fantastic monetary and time investment.!Hours of fun and so much more potential to be tapped into as development continues!"
76561198006993687,Recommended,291860,30955279,Posted: 4 April,all,Amstaad,Fun game with a great sound track.  I've been playing Behemoth games since their Kongregate days and they've yet to disapoint.  A good purchase if you're looking for a casual strategy game with a sense of humour.No real problems except a few minor annoyances with the games lack of tool tips when you mouse over items.  Inventory system could also be improved for ease of use.  Game does seem optimized for console controls over mouse and key board.  All my problems so far have been minor polish issues.
,Recommended,291860,29266790,Posted: 14 January,all,Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeh,"Early access, so absolutely do not get it if you are expecting a full game with fleshed out story.That being said, I would still recommend this game to fans of Behemoth and people who like to play games in jolly co-operation. Gameplay is dynamic, though at the moment certain balancing could be (and should be happening) done. Units with high HP like the troll just steamrolls through even if pit against pixies. Support units like mascots and gnomes do not really have a felt impact, you'd rather bring something else of more worth than what is basically chip damage fodders. I have confidence that I can expect more from Behemoth, and do not regret my first ever early access purchase.Would like to add that the music choice is superb and very ""Behemoth"", reminiscent of their past games.TL:DRGet if Behemoth fan, wait for full version if hesitant."
,Recommended,291860,29348388,Posted: 18 January,all,Freshy,Yet again The Behemoth fails to disappointI dont like turn-based games but Pit People is ♥♥♥♥ing epic!Def 10/10Luke is King
,Recommended,291860,31737764,Posted: 13 May,all,Smithy,"Another classic Behemoth game. Like the others, Pit People is an amazing co-op game and can also be played singleplayer. Will Stamper from Battleblock Theater returns as the narrator in this game again. The game is full of Behemoth humor, along with delivering a nice challenge. The strategy behind the game is what makes it so interesting. You don't choose who your units attack, so if a unit is in range of multiple enemies it'll select which one to attack randomly. Some units are more effective, and weaker against others. This makes the positioning of your units are important and is what makes the game fun. There's a ton of different customization options for different types of helmets and weapons as well.All in all, a great game. 10/10 - hard to pass up for $15."
,Recommended,291860,30454425,Posted: 11 March,all,sinner1421,"Simply incredible. This game isn't even finished yet and there is so much fun to be had and so much to do! The custimization is awesome with over 1,000 items to get for your units. The Behemoth never fails to make an awesome game, with the success of Castle Crashers and Battleblock Theatre being two of the funnest games i've played, PIt people takes the cake. The narration is hilarious as is the voice acting. For anyone who liked The Behemoth's last two games or just likes absurd little games with so much to do, this is for you. I highly recomend buying this game while it's price tag is at $15. I'm sure The Behemoth will keep improving this game only for the better and I am excitted to see what new content and gamplay mechanics will be added in the future! You have my 100 hours Pit People!"
76561198094221272,Recommended,291860,29451993,Posted: 23 January,all,drake31,"What could I say - I fall in Love. I feel unconditional, pure, raw Love forPit PeopleThis game was on my radar since fellow namedTotalBiscuitmade a first impression video on it from PAX. Since then I was patiently waiting for time to come so I could play another game fromThe Behemoth- studio so different with their vision, with exciting and ridiculous sense of humor.Day of release has come, but I wasn't entirely sure to dip my toes into this fun loving, colourful water from get go, and I wanted to wait for full/finished product.Everything changed when I watched video by another fellow namedJesse Cox. Him and gentleman I already mentioned few sentences before, started series together. Watching them play, and having fun encourage me to jump right in without any hesitation.Oh boy! Oh boy! This game delivered.Five hours in so far and I'm having so much fun. Too much fun. Insane amount of fun; and what I say now, might be a stretch, but I feelPit Peopleis fun loving cousin ofDarkest DungeonandXCOMin terms of excitement that I have in me while playing.Gameplay is just too damn addictive.Writing and humor so ridiculously charming.Possibilities with customisation are endless, same as number of different characters or creatures.Music is absolutely awesome, I can't wait for official soundtrack to come out.Visuals as always nice to look at, with many, many, many, many, many, many bits and pieces that makes the world feel vibrant and alive.Everything this shows how much though was put into this game, and you can see it from start thru multiple playthroughs.Besides unfinished story mode this game is polished to perfection ... well, I guess not perfection because inventory management bugs me quite a bit, more then I would like - but with this exception it is perfection in my eyes in terms of gaming experience.Well done oh mightyThe Behemoth. You guys delivered another instant classic.I know, I know I'm just gushing no much saying praises, but it is just because I am filled with satisfaction and overwhelmed by how good this game actually is, and I need to get out of my system and spread it around.If you liked previous efforts from this devs, I don't know what are you waiting for; don't be like me and just do it! - BUY IT!Grade:A+"
76561198143632094,Recommended,291860,29306129,Posted: 16 January,all,Ciaphas Cain,Imagine Pokemon and Final Fantasy Tactics had sweaty closet fun time and produced this. Also has amazing music.10/10
76561198145996027,Recommended,291860,32420778,Posted: 14 June,all,Dr. Quaint PHD,"I would absolutely love to give this game a positive review. This game mixes in good humor with fun gameplay to form the perfect RTS game. With funny characters and an actual strategy for playing it, it offers real fun for both hardcore and new players. Also the devs are constantly supporting the game with amazing updates and it is just a blast to play and keep checking in on."
,Recommended,291860,29274625,Posted: 15 January,all,Ｓｐｏｏｎｓ,• Good Humour• Large variety of customisation• splitscreen• Overall Well Made• Various areas to travel to• new stuff constantly appearing• Enjoyable turn based experiences• Playable with friends (With or Against)• Good use of memes• Developers listen to users and adjust the game doing so• Funny and helpful Loading Screens• So far over 10+(20 From Beta) Hours of good playtime
,Recommended,291860,29325639,Posted: 17 January,all,NinjaBlu,"If you're already a fan of The Behemoth, I would definately recommend this game to you! The expected comedy is top-notch as always, and the characters are still just as wacky. If you're not a fan of The Behemoth, and you stumbled on this randomly; I would still recommend this. Despite it being ""Early Access,"" it really doesnt feel like it since there are loads of things to do, see and unlock. Not to mention there are already over 100 quests in the game. That should keep you plenty busy until the game is completely finished!"
,Recommended,291860,33972103,Posted: 2 August,all,Pilvorm,"This game is in a world of its own. Normaly I would find turn based games horribly borring but the artstyle and the combat are so interesting. Even though it is in early access and the story isn't complete, there is more than enough content to be worth the price. Oh, did i mention that this game is hilarious, the way these characters interact reminds me of what I love about my friends."
,Recommended,291860,29241367,Posted: 13 January,all,Hotdog from Snapchat©,"In Pit People you are a farmer and also a father who has lost his home and son. As you continue on, you dive deeper into insanity as you massacre entire populations of towns. You witness as innocent people are kidnapped in front of your eyes while you can't help them. You capture people to kill more efficiently. You let them die but bring them back to life to have them suffer the fate of death again and again. You kill people just for the hat they have on their heads. The story told is dark and chilling, showing us the struggles of Horatio in this unique setting. Pit People is possibly one of the greatest horror games of all time and will remain my favorite."
76561197986043360,Recommended,291860,31127589,Posted: 13 April,all,cpt_fishcakes,"Simple and user friendly mechanics, yet still has enough complexity to create a compelling strategy game. The best strategy PVP game I have played in a long time. The PVP “pit fights” are worth the price alone, and you have a full game of joyous world map quests, creature collecting and gear finding to go along with it.Even in early access this game is worth twice the purchase price............really it is, that’s insane!Yep get Pit People, no one ever regretted buying Pit People. A game so good getting your♥♥♥♥♥♥handed to you is fun. If you do buy, my Hairtrolls will see you in the pit :)"
,Recommended,291860,29356567,Posted: 19 January,all,Pikemonogatari!,Behemoth trying out new genre and it works great.Story unfinished but the core of gameplay is perfectly playable.
76561198136789464,Recommended,291860,29291261,Posted: 15 January,all,Cael Thavain #TF2SP,"For a game that's early access, it really doesn't feel like it. I'm going to highlight what I feel is wrong/needs to be improved, in hopes the devs see it and consider it. For a review, I'll keep  it short. A very interesting world, full of LOTS of stuff, like LOTS, complete with music, great sound, and mostly good controls The music is amazing, I'll have it stuck in my head for days. Behemoth has yet another wonderful game out on the market. On to some gripes about the game.The PC controls are mostly good, but could use some fine tuning to make them not so wonky when selecting loadouts, the default controls are questionable, but rebindable so that's not that big of a deal. Also, in the intro, the load out screen and differences between ""tiers"" of items (i.e. cosmetics, light helmets, heavy helmets) isn't at all explained. It was super super confusing because I had no clue what I was doing. So the tutorial could use some more fine tuning as well.There are other things not very well explained, like what's on the HUD, I didn't know what I was looking at, or what it meant for a while. The items, such as campfires, and how to buy them isn't at all explained. I think my #1 glaring problem was the lack of explanation, so if you're reading this, Behemoth, it would be good to look into that.These are the most notable issues I saw, but damn this game is freaking fun. Doing Coop is sooooo much fun, but online is a mess. The biggest thing this game could benefit from is more flushed out tutorials, really explaining what everythng is. Keep it up Behemoth, it's a damn good game. Also, put people queued together on the same team. Or at least have an option to."
76561198170752326,Recommended,291860,34923088,Posted: 13 September,all,Koasz,Stamper voices a giant space bear that constantly yells at you. WHY HAVEN'T YOU THROWN MONEY AT THESE PEOPLE YET
,Recommended,291860,32940496,Posted: 28 June,all,Sabes,"Fantastic combat system, very fun, Stamper is a fantastic narrator, another hit from Behemoth."
,Recommended,291860,29276012,Posted: 15 January,all,Seasoned Wanderer,I hate most Early Access games but bought this day one because I love and support the company. They make beautiful and fun games. This one is no exception. Everything is funny and has it's own charm. Can't wait for the final product.
,Recommended,291860,29278562,Posted: 15 January,all,NerdyBirdyx,"This is a really good game! The art, animation, music, humor, and gameplay are all great. Also, the voice acting is great too! The only major downside of this game is that, since it's in early access, the story isn't finished yet. I think it took me about an hour and a half to finish the story. Still, this is a really fun game and I don't regret buying it.The only other con I can think of is that: navigating your team's inventory is ♥♥♥♥ing annoying with a mouse. It never goes to the option I want, ect. But it's not that big of a deal because using my keyboard to navigate the inventory menu seems to work just fine."
,Recommended,291860,29754087,Posted: 6 February,all,MoonBear(ง๏ᴥ๏)ง,"I was not expecting much from an early access game that's tile based, but this game took my low expectations and gave me one of the best strategic experiences I've had in a while. One reason you should think about getting this game for early access is because it's Behemoth, a trusted company who always delivers, so I don't expect this game to be in perma-early access. Unlike most tile based games you cannot choose your attacks and instead have to place your gladiators strategically to get them to do certain attacks. A mechanic I personally have never seen and enjoy. It makes the game insanely simple to learn, but mastering it a pain.  Not only are the mechanics good but the humor, artstyle, and sounds all make it feel like a well-rounded Behemoth game. Everything about it I enjoy, and best to get this game when it's cheap before the price raises because I know Behemoth won't disappoint. Once they're dedicated with a game they go the whole way through."
,Recommended,291860,29352812,Posted: 19 January,all,DicksGuy,"Another fantastic game by Behemoth! The art, humour and game design are all on point as always."
,Recommended,291860,29531546,Posted: 27 January,all,Josef,"Absolutely fantastic game.Despite being in Early Access, all the key elements and ideas the game wants to use are there and they work very well together.This mad mix of Fire Emblem, XCOM and Pokemon works exceptionally well, and serves as a nice introduction to strategy/turn based games.The game comes with traditional Behemoth humor where anything can happen, and Stamper returning as the narrator makes for a very enjoyable experience!If it looks interesting to you, you'd be doing yourself a diservice to not try it now while it's in its cheaper Early Access build. You can learn and get a grip of the main mechanics for when the rest of the story mode is released in the full release, which is really the only thing that is missing."
,Recommended,291860,29366142,Posted: 19 January,all,FroNo Again,"Its a game by the Behemoth.You buy it or eventually get castrated.Your choice, smitty."
,Recommended,291860,34207561,Posted: 12 August,all,gorillaroni,A brilliant addition to the behemoth library.
,Recommended,291860,29618995,Posted: 31 January,all,Plank,"As of right now, the game is amazing.The story is great, the jokes are hilarious, Stampy's acting is ♥♥♥♥ing incredible as always, and the combat is fun as hell.The Story mode as of right now, is short, but sweet. And every moment of the story mode is so much fun.The sidequests are just as good as the main quests. Filled with great characters and jokes, great settings, and The Pit is so much ♥♥♥♥ing fun.I'd recommend this game to literally anyone. It's so much fun to play. If you have fifteen bucks to cash out, buy this game. You won't regret it."
76561197993428738,Recommended,291860,34042577,Posted: 5 August,all,Miso souper,"very underapriciated I highly recomend to any fans of the behemoth, or if you like stratedgy games"
76561198143363322,Recommended,291860,34495254,Posted: 25 August,all,Cozzi,"9/10 Not enough poop, butt, or fart jokes. Otherwise great gameplay and fun story."
76561198095016875,Recommended,291860,29709279,Posted: 4 February,all,^w^c8 AomoriAkuma.exe,"Seldom do i leave a review.. (review to game ratio anyone?)Seldom do i enjoy hex-based games.. (ive tried plenty..)Seldom do i buy new games.. (obvious reason is.. obvious?)Always do i enjoy Behemoth titles! :D (going as far as back as when all content was on NewGrounds and browsing NG was all i did.. and what glorious days those were!)im not just a Tom Fulp fanboy.. to this day, i legitimately enjoy 90% of his works. mix in Paladin's fart humor; and ive yet to grow tired of what is released by, what is now, 'The Behemoth'! truly, a unique group of 'artists' if i do say so myself. they tend to the child in me that doesnt ever want to grow up (;P.S. hm.. as far as being labaled a 'fanboy', or 'dickrider'(more appropriate?), goes; i started using/abusing NG within the first years of its indoctrination into the world of the internet, and ive kept up with their work ever since.. so i suppose i cant hide where my loyalty lies!"
,Recommended,291860,31468698,Posted: 30 April,all,Eternal Scout,"When I found castle crashers on the xbox store when I was 8 I begged my parents to let me get it. Then I got it on steam along with battleblock theater. These games had me laughing and having fun all the way through and then THIS comes along. This game is amazing and nostalgic to me because it brought back the awesomness of all the other Behemoth games, and yet still managed to be entirely new! No Behemoth games follow a strictgameplay pattern and |I love it! Castle Crashers is a story-based Beat-Em-Up, BattleBlock was a puzzle-solving-platformer, and Pit People is an amazing strategy game that takes place in the most ridiculous hilarious apocalypse ever!"
,Recommended,291860,29295704,Posted: 16 January,all,cunthulhu,"According to Steam I dumped 18 hours into the Closed Beta during the week+ it was going on. I haven't replayed the main quest yet to see the finished animations and whatnot, but just from the short amount of time I've run around the map in the Early Access version, I'm seeing the same fun game but withmore. More quests, more loot, more customization, more ridiculously good time.Whereas the quirks of the Narrator and the occasional plotpoint rearing its head has put Battleblock Theater at the top of the list, for Pit People it is the sheer massiveness of the content combined with the replay value. I foresee this game being a favourite of a lot of people for the coming years, myself included. There's just so much to do and discover, and no chance of it tapping out any time soon.Highly recc getting this game, even in Early Access. It's a complete game, you just have to wait for the rest of the main quest to unlock. That's not so bad, right? In the meantime, there's a multi-tiered quest in Tinkletown waiting for your assistance."
,Recommended,291860,29298667,Posted: 16 January,all,PulsatingHyperPenis,"If you liked any of their games before, you'll absolutely love this one too. Their cheeky take on a turn-based strategy game was executed perfectly.And to think this is still early acces, I can't wait for all the witty content still in the making!"
76561198037964925,Recommended,291860,32959903,Posted: 28 June,all,Big_Barts,Hilarious10/10Would hurt self laughing again.
76561197970509989,Recommended,291860,29229226,Posted: 13 January,all,SirSquirelyMcKnight,"This game is brilliant.  Been waiting for this game since it was first announced.  Hilarious, different, and fun...  what more could you ask for?"
76561198063992031,Recommended,291860,29343236,Posted: 18 January,all,Orange,New dank game from The Behemoth? Abusing my wallet once again it seems!
76561198055500129,Recommended,291860,32963696,Posted: 28 June,all,k9ij,Hilarious and entertaining. Needs some more details to stats and combat could be a bit faster but still great.
76561198354201273,Recommended,291860,34148997,Posted: 10 August,all,Fish,really like it but wish for a linux platform
76561198026808451,Recommended,291860,30186605,Posted: 25 February,all,AtomicPyro,"When I first played the game, I couldn't stop. I love the game. It is an amazing game.The humor is great.The customization and variety in the creatures you can bring to adventure is outstanding.The soundtrack is good.It runs amazingly on low-end computers.It is totally worth the buy, great for an early access game.Can't say much about the co-op because I lack in friends."
,Recommended,291860,29235293,Posted: 13 January,all,Wolf King Joseph,Your wagon has a poop button.
,Recommended,291860,29238455,Posted: 13 January,all,Dafuq,k
76561198128371609,Recommended,291860,33264246,Posted: 5 July,all,Emuser,"I had a friend tell me to check this out because it was done by the same people that made Castle Crashers and Battleblock Theatre.  I was initially a bit hesitant because of the early access status and the turn based combat which I generally haven't cared for in games since the early 2000's.The first hour or two may be rough in figuring out the quirks and getting your butt kicked, but once I got the hang of it, this game's charm and absolute craziness that made me love the previously mentioned two games finally hooked me in here. At first combat feels slow with the turn based movement, but a couple of hours it turned out to be fine with the given need to position units carefully and plan out strategies ahead of time.  This game gives lots of customization options, lots of different classes you can recruit for your squad, and quite a bit of depth with each class and equipment having their own ups and downs.Playing solo gives quite a bit of content, but if you have a buddy to play co-op with, this game's content increases exponentially as you two can coordinate your own squads to take into battles.  Mixing and matching our teams has been an absolute blast.  The music in this game is pretty damn catchy too, with no themes really feeling like they overstay their welcome or becoming too repetitive.  If you loved the artwork from Behemoth's other titles, and you loved the narrator from Battleblock Theatre, you absolutely need to get this game while you still can at a lower price in it's early access status."
76561198145874083,Recommended,291860,30242591,Posted: 28 February,all,Quatico,"It's a fun and funny game what did you expect from the behemoth?(buy it im 99.9999% sure it won't disappoint)""I SAID HORATIO DIES!"""
,Recommended,291860,29471371,Posted: 24 January,all,Tyghe,"Great game, so great in fact that I bought it twice! (one on here, and on the xbox) I don't want to go into depth, so I'll keep it short. The developers of this game care more about making you laugh, smile, and cover your eyes in terror, then making money. (you just have to play the game to understand) Time and time again, they have produced high quality entertainment, while keeping their games reasonably priced. All in all, this game is super insane, and just downright fun with friends. Cant get much better for $15."
76561198206075107,Recommended,291860,30381731,Posted: 7 March,all,Chess,"Stratigic, and yet simple. You have to think your moves and party members out carfully, but it's not one of those game where yo have to be super human to keep track of everything going on in the game. As far as the story goes, weird, a little crude at times, but over all, quite entertaining. Don't get this game if you don't have a sence of humor, but if you do, take a deep breath before you play because once you get going, there will be points where you won't be able to stop laughing."
76561197986196312,Recommended,291860,32758449,Posted: 24 June,all,Foxy Grandpa,"I bought this game on a whim. Couldn't have been more pleased with my purchase. Fun story, turn base made simple, and the loot is chase worthy. I'm hoping the devs keep adding content, I'm more into the depth of the journey than the destination on this one."
,Recommended,291860,29704136,Posted: 4 February,all,Wurzy,"This is a great game for customisation and fun, in two days i have put 16 hours into it even though it is not done. I cannot wait for future updates and hopefully an extended story"
76561198002517043,Recommended,291860,33385414,Posted: 8 July,all,oO,"TL;DR: Fire Emblem on crack!I bought this game approx. 23 minutes ago.So far I encountered Horatio, the brave blueberry farmer.Met child eating raiders. Spaceships. Hazardous space bear blood.A castle under siege. Helmets meet maces.A machine gun dual wielding berserker entering the arena on a giraffe attached to balloons.I might have earned a house, though I lost my son. Which is ok, the narrator tells me.I might have encountered a dragon ball reference, though I am not sure.23 minutes!That's why I never regret buying games after half a bottle of red wine!"
,Recommended,291860,29814170,Posted: 9 February,all,BizarreSky,"Only game that I enjoy the competitive multi-player. 12/10,art style animation and music is awesome. I'm still waiting for the battle block theater soundtrack."
76561198387124038,Recommended,291860,32357561,Posted: 11 June,all,Pastel_Child,I love this game. I just wish they would update it sooner.
,Recommended,291860,29704487,Posted: 4 February,all,Scylla,"The Almighty Bear has alot of work to do before his little world is complete, but right now Pit People is a fantastic game and a great spiritual successor to BattleBlock Theater."
,Recommended,291860,32858525,Posted: 27 June,all,BlaBoo,Not my style But i freaking love this game :PP
,Recommended,291860,33391129,Posted: 8 July,all,Happy Dead Guy,"Wait and get the pizza next weekend, or get your deadbeat roommate to pay for it this time.AND BUY THIS RIGHT NOW!!!"
76561198136955340,Recommended,291860,33207734,Posted: 3 July,all,Sweetroll,One of the best games I have played this year
76561198137339480,Recommended,291860,33301077,Posted: 5 July,all,DrToastAndCoffee,"Pros:Good storyFunnyReally nice art and animationExtremely artistic and inventiveNo microtransactionBizarre experience while advancing the main storyConnected with the other gamesA lot of unanswered mysteries throughout the background storyGreat musicCons:""Slightly Worse than the other games"""
,Recommended,291860,30465150,Posted: 12 March,all,redp,"Within five minutes I knew this would be game of the year. Everything about it strikes me as novel, interesting, amazing, and cute. The game starts simply, but develops to be extremely robust and funny."
76561197995341672,Recommended,291860,29959618,Posted: 16 February,all,sbkMulletMan,"Pit People isn't even completed yet, and it fills me with all kinds of happy!  And blueberries.I normally avoid Early Access and just wait for a finished product where I can plainly see if it's reliable and entertaining or not, but I have a lot of confidence in The Behemoth, and watching TotalBiscuit & Jesse Cox's co-op playthrough footage convinced me that the game is indeed in a good enough state for Early Access.It is absolutely my kind of humor, especially with Stamper's quality narration, but I am also adoring the game on a mechanical level.  It's simple enough to where you're not bogged down with tons of tedious information, but still challenging enough to where you need to be aware of positioning and planning (before and during battle), or a Pixie may just burn off the faces of your entire team.Conducting battles is mentally stimulating, WINNING battles is often deeply satisfying, and the humor is the sweet, delicious frosting on the cupcake that just makes it that much better in the end!I can't imagine a world without The Bear...."
,Recommended,291860,34646846,Posted: 31 August,all,Xebber,"This game is in early access, but even so the game is brilliant.Mechanics are simple and make sense.Art style is beautiful as is consistent with the rest of Behemoth's games.Music is top of the line.The bear is hilarious.My only current gripe would be that as of writing this the story is not complete, but honestly just fighting random encounters with my buddy make up for it."
76561198041157977,Recommended,291860,29454082,Posted: 23 January,all,El Macho Libro,"This game was one that I was hesitant to buy purely because when I looked at a lot of the reviews I saw people with 1 hour or 2 hours at most, and though that was an original worry I soon learned that these pepople were not doing much more than the main story.  Yes currently the game has a very brief period of story to play as it has been in developement for a brief period of time and as such what they have playable to do with the story is small.  The parts that are available are currently bug free, the online has little lag and is very clean, and the fact that the side things to do are very impressive leads me to say that this game if you enjoy Behemoth and their games get it."
,Recommended,291860,33814910,Posted: 26 July,all,Polyrytmi.,"Behemoth, you did it again. And this time you really did it!When I first saw the game in the store, I quickly got the feeling where the game origins come from. Hearing the same narator from the previous titles, I lost it at the very spot.But my personal question as a life long rts/4x player was: How convincing could a ""strategy"" (Round based strategy with rpg elements) game be from such a studio?Well, I was oddly surprised and genuinly impressed when I watched the very beginning in a Let's play video and considered a journey with the game afterwards. The way too familiar characteristics as the artstyle, sound and music (Also the same guy from BBT) never lost their charm, and while I played around 25h in solo I'm looking forward to play it in coop as I rarely had that much actual fun in most games recently.Taking a closer look thegraphics and animations, they surely are nothing comparable to other games like Battlefield, but then again, what would you expect from a 2D strategy game? I wouldn't even dare to compare it to any games other than perhaps Don't starve, if that even. With this kinda pointless statement being said, the graphics are gorgeous and yet simple with clear lines and single color tones, nothing to complain there. The animations are doing their job, but I see in this category why the game is in early acess state. The game holds a large amount of different characters which require different animations (i.e. attack [with various weapon types], take damage, special moves etc.), but some are simply not done (yet?). This problem simply was solved with no animation other than idling, at least you see the feedback from dealt damage by showing numbers of dealt / received damage and mostly the victim animating from taking a hit.This topic might be a rather personal thing, but I mostly prefer to mute any ingamemusicand play something else in the background. This game actually managed to keep me from doing so. While it's quite difficult for me to name the direction the music the game is following, I'm really enjoying the it, as well as the electro swing music played in town. However, I was a bit surprised when I figured out it's actually from a different artist:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSBzvhud3Io. Well, they surely picked a song matching this rather crazy ambiente of a city.Overall, This game might become my personal favorite game released (in EA state) this year, though there are a few points someone might complain about:-The character control turns out a bit confusing in multiple aspects, as well as the camera control trying to center the screen but messing up sometimes-After finnishing the current existing story, I understand people recommending to wait until the full development of the game. You can finnish the existing main story really quick and it suddenly just stops. That was a little turn off when I reached this point.-I hope that some items will experience various stat modifications in the future. As of now, most items have the same stats and are basically just reskins. A much higher complexity would allow more strategy coming from the equipment.Overall, I certainly do like this game. Keep it up, Behemoth!<3And please don't add too many more meme references[/spoilers]"
76561198053315576,Recommended,291860,29293668,Posted: 16 January,all,I want to die,"everything about this game excites me, god i cant wait till its finished"
,Recommended,291860,29313399,Posted: 17 January,all,Corneille,Fun game but keep in mind it's still early access so there are not so many quests.
76561197981505177,Recommended,291860,29232738,Posted: 13 January,all,Jauffins,"Fantastic game.Quick to learn, more difficult to master - a fine balance.10/10 does contain the color teal"
,Recommended,291860,30298459,Posted: 3 March,all,Wille1412,I absolutely love this game.
,Recommended,291860,29236003,Posted: 13 January,all,Secret Mantis Man,Dude its Behemoth they dont make bad games
,Recommended,291860,31698646,Posted: 12 May,all,Spoopy umbrella man,Its like chess but its actually fun.
,Recommended,291860,30714389,Posted: 24 March,all,Sammie0901,its a absolutly amazing game.only flaw so far is a bug which erazed all exept 1 of my erea missions which i dont mind because i get to do them again :).anyway the flaw is half the thing i just explained and the other half is that i couldnt report this bug for some reason.but as i said amazing game.
,Recommended,291860,29234174,Posted: 13 January,all,Ninjuca,it's like skyrim but with guns.
,Recommended,291860,33464364,Posted: 11 July,all,Špōōkë JaviNiceDay,"Don't let the Early Access status prevent you from dropping a few bucks on this game. As an avid player of Battleblock Theater (On Xbox), it was easy to make the decision to buy. Humorous, diverse, a few secrets and a TON of weapons to find, one of the best soundtracks I've heard in a while, AND comes with a narrator out to make the main protagonist's life hell, Pit People is worth every dollar spent on it, even in it's current Early Access state. It has potential to be an amazing game after the release of the completed version. Speaking of Early Access, if you want it, you better get it now before the price raises for the completed game.As a warning, here's some features and things to consider before you whip out your wallet:-The story is incomplete, so you'll be waiting on that for a bit.-It's not really getting constant updates.-There aren't many City Quests series at the moment; we're standing at about 6, but each one offers it's own challenge, with weapons, gold, and sometimes exclusive fighters as rewards. The dialouge and story for said quests is quite humorous, you'll at one point find yourself recreating what's basically the American Revolution (see 'The R3DC04Ts Are Coming!')-When traversing the world map, there are MANY quests to find and do, they'll usually result in fighting. You'll get juicy rewards from them though!-There is a wide variety of fighters to 'recruit'. Said recruiting is done through killing your target's friends while leaving him alive to watch, then throwing a net at them and stuffing them into a cage not shortly after throwing said net at them.-Also, said fighters can also have some pretty good gear that you can strip from them later and place onto your better fighters, others have overall stupid but funny names, said names are left up to RNGesus to pick.-Once you've made a good, well balanced and well leveled team, you can place them into 'The Pit' to fight to the death against other players in real time via use of a giant space telephone. However, I can say from experience that finding somebody to battle with takes quite a while, so be prepared to wait.Choice is up to you if you want to buy Pit People or not, but I highly recommend you do. Once again, before the price raises after it's completed."
,Recommended,291860,33539029,Posted: 14 July,all,A Glazed Biscuit,Funny and charming as hell. Doesn't feel like an early release at all.
76561198114275610,Recommended,291860,30348832,Posted: 5 March,all,Boggy Wog,"Pit People has a fun as hell combat system, the usual great scriptwriting of the newgrounds crew and some pretty nifty classes to strategize with and around. As is always the case with Behemoth, play this game."
,Recommended,291860,33407400,Posted: 9 July,all,Conpon,"Behemoth never fail to make games full of great narrative, story, humour and complete randomness however unlike Castle Crashers and Battle Block Theatre this game isn't super engaging and fun, there isn't a very much skill (like learning combos and trying not to get hit in Castle Crashers) or thought (Figuring out puzzles in Battle Block Theatre) and it definitely doesn't have as good multiplayer as those games, it's no where near as simplistic as them either and it takes a while to get used to.BUT!(and this is a big BUT)Pit People is extremely wacky and insane, even more so than CC and BBT put together and that makes trudging through the boring combat and long times spent walking around the overworld worth it and nearly makes me want to play through the whole game just to see what happens to our brave protaganist Horatio the Humble Blue Berry Farmer and his party, alas I will not as I personally am not enjoying it and feel the asking price is too high for what the gameplay isB U T !(And this is an even bigger BUT!)This game would be absolutely amazing if it were on a handhelp gaming device or the app store, I would love to be able to pull out my phone and just play this game on the train or at school, there are games like it on the app store such as Fire Emblem: Heros but this game on Mobile would crush that and all other like it and I personally would pay the aforementioned high price to play it on my phone.This game has beautiful visuals and funny scenes but falls short of being amazing because of the price and gameplay aspects but would be great fun on a handheld device. I can't say I enjoyed my time playing this game but I do believe many people would so for that reason I'd give it a 6/10 at least."
,Recommended,291860,29997058,Posted: 17 February,all,Bargingo,"I don't like turn-based strategy games all that much, but this game is spectacular! I have never enjoyed a game's voices and characters as much as I have with this game. Stamper made this game wonderful to just listen to with his beautiful voice. Stamper, I know you don't consider yourself a good voice actor but I think you are a wonderful voice actor with a very unique voice. Range don't mean nothing when you've got a voice like that.tl;dr This game is great even if its early access. So go out and buy it."
,Recommended,291860,32799056,Posted: 25 June,all,Zad - oof,Behemoth have not failed me
76561198190304346,Recommended,291860,33174624,Posted: 3 July,all,SLIMY PUMPKIN,"The best game I have bought so far!The story of the game is wonderful and the humor! Oh God the humor 10/10!The game gameplay is fun and challenging the classes are versatile and simple to useThe Pit the online battles are not less fun then the AI battles, its fun to talk to the enemy in chat and 2v2 are the bastThe co op with friends is the bast way to experience the gameI recommend this game to anybody thet loves simple strategy & immature but clever humor10 out of 10 Pumpkins!"
,Recommended,291860,35089749,Posted: 20 September,all,Dragon Princess,"If you enjoy rewarding strategy games and absurd humor, this is the game for you."
76561198164516030,Recommended,291860,29238941,Posted: 13 January,all,Purpilla,"THE BEHEMOTH IS BACK!!!!This game is going to be amazing. I can tell you that. Definitely worth 15 bucks, but it isn't perfect.PROS-One of the funniest games I have ever played-really fun to play-Lots of cool loot to find-Great artstyle-Replay value-Small download size (less than a gigabyte)CONS-Only 2 main story missions-Slightly confusing management mechanics(P.S. This is my first turn based strategy game and it is still really fun.)This game is a must buy, and it is the best early access game I have ever played."
76561198216147913,Recommended,291860,34824377,Posted: 8 September,all,Noxico,I love this game and is amazing. I see nothing wtong with the combat otherr than it's a bit hard to get used to but it'll become second hand nature on what to do. Behemoth keeps on making amazing games for around 15 dollars and they're not greedy with dlc. Also stamper
,Recommended,291860,35149269,Posted: 23 September,all,Selriem,"I'm not usually big on getting early access game as I've been burned in the past by broken promises. But I trust The Behemoth and, once again, they did not disappoint. As of now, the game is a bit light on story content, but the amount of side missions and customization options are downright insane. If they keep on adding content, this game will definitely be well worth it's meager price tag. I've already gotten my money's worth for sure!"
,Recommended,291860,30380069,Posted: 7 March,all,Gold Geo,"We just gave pit people a go, and WOW what a game! It may be early access, but it sure does look promising.The game is definitely lacking in story currently, and I've love to see a bit more diversity in creatures, but those are things that can be added to this great base of a game.If you want to see any gameplay, we recorded our co-op playthrough."
76561198035182410,Recommended,291860,33274141,Posted: 5 July,all,Metzelmax,"X-COM x Pokemon x castle crusher = Pit People.It's already Game of the Year 2017 and it's not even out yet.Don't let you be put off by the Coop interface! The entire game is completely playable alone if you dont want to (which is good for people like me that make Steam reviews instead of having friends).I have completed all the story, side and world missions and collected 6 of each species which took me at the current state of the Early access 40 hours. So lack of content is clearly not an issue.PvP is really tactical challenging as there are so many different team compositions.And if any of the above points weren't enough: the characters talk in banjo kazooie style nonsense that is bound to make it a good game."
,Recommended,291860,29256621,Posted: 14 January,all,Pinhead Larry,"It's worth the buy at $15 dollars right now, even if you're on the fence. In the future I can see $20 dollars being a very reasonable asking price as well. The voice-acting, art, music, and animations are all top-notch. Behemoth's creativity goes unparalleled. It's really a great game - you can't go wrong with this developer."
,Recommended,291860,29240600,Posted: 13 January,all,Tomato,"This game so good for early access even the main story content way too little. But it doesn't matter for me. This is an early access, the story will come.  For an early access i would like to say that+ Art style+ Soundtrack+ Several Classes, weapon+ Replay feature+ Side quest+ Nice humor btw by The Behemoth- dont read my review10/10 as always for The Behemoth. Im waiting what else we can buy in the market. Im thinking that there is not much to do with the market with a little things to buy. Next review when the game get a new update or im waiting the full release."
,Recommended,291860,29293219,Posted: 16 January,all,Zenobyte,"I think this could be one of the best turn-based games ever created.  I only just purchased it and I'm immediately hooked on the beautiful art style, ridiculous story, catchy soundtrack and incredible gameplay.  It's like Final Fantasy Tactics, but better in every way and amazing right from the beginning.  Your $14.99 will be well spent and then some."
,Recommended,291860,31120476,Posted: 13 April,all,shronk,"Great Game, great way to spend my time. I just hope the story gets updated soon"
,Recommended,291860,29531782,Posted: 27 January,all,Slor,You can get a lot of hats.
,Recommended,291860,29464207,Posted: 24 January,all,Daddy Fernus,Beaten someone to death with a popsicle.10/10 best early access game
,Recommended,291860,29472458,Posted: 24 January,all,Necro,"This game is more than I hoped for. I think the battles can be tedious, but the game IS fun."
76561198079608432,Recommended,291860,29593100,Posted: 30 January,all,Giuseppe,8/10 needs more Giuseppe
76561197998454887,Not Recommended,291860,29896133,Posted: 13 February,all,JediMage,"Lets just start with pros. It's funny. And it's pokemon of sorts. It also is a tactical turn-based game, where you need to position your squad well, or face the consequences.Lets get to cons. It should be a game. But as of now, this is just a humor collection (and not the finest one either, let's be honest). This ""game"" horribly lacks one thing, and one thing only: GAMEPLAY. If you pick a character ""A"" and a character ""B"" of the same race, the only difference it will have is their level (and i actually doubt that it even has any significance). You can wear same gear as your other character, so what's the point? And most of the gear has no difference exept the looks. You wanna crush your enemies with golden scepter? Sure. You wanna do it with a lolipop instead? Fine, it matters not. You can even pick the giant ice-cream cone and it will be still as good for crushing your enemies, as the sax or some actual mace (this is somewhat untrue, since really rarely you get the gear with additional effects, like fire resistance, poinsoned attacks and stuff. But still). My biggest porblem as of now is that on the Xth battle you get bored. You probably have same characters as you had X-1 battles before, so you just do the very same thing you did for X-1 battles before, and kill your enemies the very same way you killed them for X-1 battles before. WHY? I had 30 level ups already, can't i be somewhat stronger? Can't i have some new skills to test? The best way to describe this game would be ""like heroes of might and magic, but without heroes, and all you have is your army - which is forever limited to N units per squad"". But if, one day, having 2 cupcakes will mean more than x2 healing. If, one day, having hummie ""A"" will mean something different from having hummie ""B"". If, one day, Horatio will actually DIE. That day will be the day when this game becomes much better than it is now.TBH, i cant say that this game is bad, or good. It is neutral. If you want some funnies, you will find this game better than neutral; If you want to play a game, you will find this game worse than neutral. But i will press the ""not recommended"" button, just for the sake of keeping balance with all those ""recommended"" reviews this game already has. Besides, this is Early Access. The game still has more room for improvement. So lets hope for the best, and watch events unfold."
76561198041699470,Not Recommended,291860,32859213,Posted: 27 June,all,"Chef ""Neversaves"" Zakarian","Get's pretty boring fast honestly. most of the combat feels like a slog through mud. everything has too much hp or something, combine that with no actual ""skills"" or variety of attacks your units can do and it makes for pretty boring combat IMO.It's satisfying seeing a baseball swing from a giant cyclops knock a unit several hexes. but then you look at their hp. Oh it did an eighth of it's health.Guess it's time to put on auto battle.then I realize I’m not actually even playing the game I'm playing so what's the point.At about 11 hours I feel like my interest is creeping to next to none to play already.Doesn't behemoth have enough money to release a full game without needing early access? I thought that was odd too."
76561197998851273,Recommended,291860,30152910,Posted: 24 February,all,Streeky Flinders,"I can't come up with much for this review because this game is so awesome! The humor in the dialog for the characters got me laughing (even the simple cutscenes with your team meeting up with some quest giver within the world map are funny for how they talk) plus the variety of weapons, armor, etc. are full of memes. One of the helmets I got was based off of the doge meme and another one that's based off of the I see what you did there meme. If I had to pick a favorite species in this game it would have to be the Vampiress. I look forward in seeing this game fully finished and off the early access side to play the rest of the other side quests and main quest. :D"
76561198123857680,Recommended,291860,29814732,Posted: 9 February,all,SharkDoge,"Absolutely incredible, I love this game and anyone who enjoys Behemoth and strategy games like me will love this game."
,Recommended,291860,29725449,Posted: 5 February,all,solo,"I don't know if its way to early to recommend this game best game of 2017, but it sure deserve a spot!Pit people is very casuale stratergy game with alot of humor.If you have a interest in fire emblem type gameplay just pick this game up its amazing!"
,Recommended,291860,29244717,Posted: 14 January,all,derpy summer time,Awsome!! Im a big fan of the behemoth and played both castle crushers and bbt and this game takes the last games adds strategy and puts it in the blender. Its absolutly awsome (<3 will stemper as the narrator)
,Recommended,291860,29960462,Posted: 16 February,all,Midnight1463,"Great game so far, can't wait to see where the story goes!"
76561198283510157,Recommended,291860,29409567,Posted: 21 January,all,catalystsgaming,"To see the game in action and our thoughts, check outCatalysts Gaming’s Let’s Play:https://youtu.be/rVbyRKzUYLwAs a turn-based adventure game, Pit People greatly differs from The Behemoth’s beat-em ups Alien Hominid and Castle Crashers and puzzle platformer BattleBlock Theater. As with these games, though, the patented wacky Behemoth humor is definitely present and possibly at its best, with silliness around every corner, craziness that will leave you confused yet smiling like an idiot, and references to past games hidden (or not so much) in every nook and cranny. Stamper as the voice of an omnipresent narrator is particularly on cue with his side-splitting spiteful commentary and nefarious interactions with the game characters and world that can happen at seemingly unexpected moments as he looks to kill his boredom at your expense.For being in Early Access, the game looks and plays great, with solid controls and crisp, styled 2D sprites, though some of the UI could perhaps be cleaned up a bit or better explained. Your house in town where you can change out your team initially felt a bit overwhelming, requiring a lot of clicks to change out equipment and lack of button cues leading to a team member almost getting sold. Likewise, we received no warning that a quest would receive an F for Failure by returning back to town before we completed it, leading to an awkward visit with the local principal. Battles, meanwhile, could begin to get cluttered and claustrophobic, especially with the extra bodies and input in co-op, with allies and enemies having similar color and designs bunched up together on screen at once; there was often confusion on which character was currently selected and who was moving where. Our gripes are minor compared to the refined edges, though, and once you get things down, battles can feel intuitive while still retaining strategic complexity, allowing fights to be as fast-paced or as slow and methodical as you wish them to be. With a discount while in Early Access, Pit People appears to be another great game by The Behemoth that is worth a pick up and play, and we are excited to see the rest of the crazy content and wacky adventure that will be in the finished game.Catalyst Players/Reviewers: Jacob and MurphyVersion:Early Access- Jan. 18, 2017Played: Co-Op Campaign (3hrs)"
,Recommended,291860,29392664,Posted: 21 January,all,diaboliic,"BattleBlock Theater and Castle Crashers, both great games, made by the same people. This is no exception."
76561198142049140,Recommended,291860,29405289,Posted: 21 January,all,El Diablo,-i would like even more the game if it was finished-
,Recommended,291860,29999733,Posted: 17 February,all,Skylord Toad,Pit People is a great turn based game even in its early acess. this is now the fourth game by the behemoth and they havent let us down yet
76561198033909112,Recommended,291860,29721102,Posted: 5 February,all,Zephyr Cove,"Do you like rad music? Are you a thinking boy (or girl)? Is your sense of humor bad? Do you have one friend at least? Well, then I've got a game for you."
,Recommended,291860,29434735,Posted: 22 January,all,samm,my dog did a smiling to this gameyes
76561197963029161,Recommended,291860,29929333,Posted: 14 February,all,Fedeunge,"It's a really awesome game, with even more potential awesomeness.There isn't much story implemented yet but there is a big open world full of people who need help and all sorts of crazy creatures that you can recruit(kidnap, whatever you wanna call it i guess)for your epic quest to save the world from its current state of absolute havoc!Although I wouldn't quite say it's worth the 15€ just yet, I'm certain that it will be when it's complete."
,Recommended,291860,32779975,Posted: 25 June,all,MR. WHISPER,"A simple game, but amazingly funny and fun to play alone or with a friend. If you enjoy RPGs and a good laugh you need to be playing Pit People!8/10"
,Recommended,291860,30229623,Posted: 27 February,all,WaifuHunter69,HeGaveHerHisBlueberrysWhenNooneElseWould
,Recommended,291860,32998148,Posted: 29 June,all,hug🍕ealer 🐫,me gusta
76561198047792503,Recommended,291860,29309797,Posted: 16 January,all,Centervillain Jr.,"I'm only about 2 hours into this game and I love it. The gameplay is great, the atmosphere and the art is fantastic and the humor is spot on. I found myself laughing out loud 10 minutes into this game more than I think I've laughed at any other game throughout the whole thing. (Other than BattleBlock Theatre.) I'm a huge fan of The Behemoth games and this may very well surpass my love for Alien Hominid, Castle Crashers and BattleBlock. Huge thumbs up."
,Recommended,291860,29997237,Posted: 17 February,all,RedYoshiGod,this game is amazingly fun and hilarious. its only in early access as well has so much potential
76561198298967711,Recommended,291860,33035577,Posted: 30 June,all,the OP killer,this game is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,291860,32909210,Posted: 27 June,all,The Emperor,"Pit People is an early development game that you can have fun playing with your friends, or just spamming fairies to win. Either way.Nef far e plaes."
76561198048040654,Recommended,291860,33474804,Posted: 12 July,all,Grandpa Potato,Creative and original with british like humor you know the stuff monty python and the stuff give it a whirl you wont regret it especially if you have a friend.
,Recommended,291860,29338788,Posted: 18 January,all,Shirsh,"After giant space bear crashed on the planet life never be the same again.Land shattered on hexagons, time starts to be experienced by turns.If you here for a narrated story campaign it's not here yet. Only introductional part and single quest. With damn good cutscenes.But there several dozens of one-stop side quests on a world map, 4 bigger side quest-lines, nineteen species to catch/recruit and more than thousand of collectible accessories and weapons to collect. Exploration, adventuring, quest dialogs and stories, secrets and rarities, battles in a pit versus other players which beside being showcase of tactical genius also works as showcase of collected rarities and oddities.I'd say it feels like fusion of Shining Force 2 with adult version of Adventure Time cooked on Behemoth humour.Oh and music is perfect."
76561198000649446,Recommended,291860,30251365,Posted: 28 February,all,Clubbythaseal,If you enjoy the developers humor and turn based gameplay then you will love it.
,Recommended,291860,30255077,Posted: 28 February,all,Rootin' Tootin' Vladimir Putin,10/10 love it excelent humour great gameplay awsome art style
,Recommended,291860,30110427,Posted: 22 February,all,❤Loocheena❤,"Easily one of the best games I've ever played, another Behemoth's masterpiece, and that's just the early access :)"
76561198135297216,Recommended,291860,29774948,Posted: 7 February,all,Classic Lugi,its your duty to buy this game
,Recommended,291860,29346080,Posted: 18 January,all,Bryce,"If you played the closed beta (like me) wait until the full release, unless you just want to play PvP. The only difference from the closed beta is a couple of new things and the cutscenes are now colored and animated."
76561198129578497,Recommended,291860,30060280,Posted: 20 February,all,Erinaceous,"Insanely fun, stupidly quirky, endless customization -and of course Stampers himself. What more could I ask for? Best £11 i've ever spent by far and I would highly recommend it."
76561198002130724,Recommended,291860,29255066,Posted: 14 January,all,Goober Gabber V2,"This game has taught me about the fact the average human touches their face 18000 times. Not sure if it was on a daily bade or during their entire life.Other than that, The Behemoth succeeds once more in making an amusing game which includes their typical humor as well as Stamper as the narrator and some pretty good and rather catchy soundtracks."
76561198045823209,Recommended,291860,29476970,Posted: 24 January,all,^w^c5 Pooboo,An incredibly polished game. Best played with a controller. PvP is extremly fun and rewarding.
,Recommended,291860,29757544,Posted: 7 February,all,Shalax,"Narrator is a♥♥♥♥♥♥Can't wait till we can punch him the faceThe wait is un-bear-ably long.Also hope it never leaves early access, as that'll mean infinite content updates. But finish the story, ya gits!Nonetheless, Pit people is a crazy game with the humor that is to be expected from a Behemoth game.Play it. RIGHT NOW. IT'S JUST TEN POUNDS."
,Recommended,291860,29861397,Posted: 11 February,all,Dink,this game is the perfect mix of whimsical comedy and engaging strategy. the randomly generated encounters and varied enemy types keep this game fresh for hours.the sound track and sound design are extrmely well made and keep the game upbeat.the character and voice acting of the narrator is incredibly funny.my only issue is the lack of quests and story but its early days yet so hopefully much more is to come.
76561198025376643,Recommended,291860,29869320,Posted: 12 February,all,Little Phoenix,"If you've kept up with this companies games, you'll know even if you don't like a game you should buy it because the next game tends to benefit from also owning a game.That said, this one fills a niche in Steam that was muh needed to be filled.  Its simple and yet offers a varity of ways to customise fighters.  Some items have 0 effects, while others trade off one benefit for another.  The game is fairly well balanced because of it, with nothing giving you a 0 absolute advantage over another.I would say of the 4 games this company has produced in the years, this is one of the top end of the 4."
,Recommended,291860,29903996,Posted: 13 February,all,Maxwell Sinclair,"The TL;DR Version:I'm only a couple of hours into this game and I've already discovered a Unicorn that doubles as artillery and a pair of gnomes in flying toilets as well as beaten numerous people to a pulp with a giant lollipop. Nuff said.The Actual ReviewThe humor is crude in the most wonderful way and it suits the art style perfectly. Speaking of art style, it's the most adorable looking game I've seen in awhile, it's really dorky in all the right ways and it contrasts beautifully with the over the top violence that is the game. The overworld aspect is a weird mixture of the really old school Final Fantasy and Legend of Zelda games with Pokemon, a lot of people have compared this to pokemon on account of how you recruit new members for your roster.The main villain is one of the best I've seen so far, and right on Par with Dusan from Watchdogs 2 (perhaps a controversial opinion but I really liked him as a villain) and his near constant interference in your affairs will keep you on your toes without being a pain. Not to mention his voice overs. I want to give special mention to the actor who voiced him because he is just wonderful.The music is the other feature of this game that's absolutely stunning, it's an interesting line up of electroblends, from swing to funk and a few others in between, and if you get sick of the music in the city (which is pretty hard to do) you can always find records and unlock new songs to change it too. One of the best features is that the song will remain changed until you change it again, even if you leave the city and come back.Pit People lures you in with it's charming villain, humorous story and adorable art style but make no mistake, it will not be an easy experience. The game is forgiving enough, as death only has consequences up until you return to the town, but the battles can quickly overwhelm you if you're not paying attention and often times you'll find yourself losing fighters without immediately realising why. This game is incredibly fun though and I don't think I could recommend it enough."
,Recommended,291860,29934243,Posted: 14 February,all,hot potatwoah,"This game! Oh boy!Behemoth has done it again, this time they hit what could quite possibly be one of their most engrossing ands fluid experiences. I've owned and played all of their games (excluding Alien Hominid) and have to say, this is easily tied for my favorite of their games.Strategic, fast-paced fun, that's all there is to it. Behemoth's signature quirky style and humor gives this game an edge on other TRPG wannabes on the steam store.A few notes for the Devs though, if they're reading!As of Home Improvement 1, there is no skip turn button in combat. While it's nothing major, it does severely effect the flow of the game for TRPG veterans, or people who understand how the turn will play out. Since movement is fairly.. Slow, due to low movement ranges and large maps, this makes a very tedious experience during overworld encounters, and while most will be fine with it, it'd definitely be a welcome change."
,Recommended,291860,33198671,Posted: 3 July,all,Mega Ultra Chicken,"As usual, Behemoth is hilarious. Tactical hex based strategy is great. Excited for proper release."
,Recommended,291860,29345863,Posted: 18 January,all,Brb Hanging Myself,"This is a very fun and simple game, yet it's deep and complex in a unique way.The story is comedical and light hearted which we've come to expect from Behemoth. The dialogues between characters are very humorous and unexpected. Although the story is very short as of now (the game only being in Alpha) the immense amount of side quests and the arena for PvP already gives this game long playability.The combat system is very well implemented, having different characters which are effective against others gives for a very diverse team builder. There is no one way to build your team and it is fun to test out different combinations and see what works.The character customization is a very fun aspect of the game, allowing you to collect, trade and create a very unique looking team. Since most (not all) of the changes in the same catagory affect only the look and not the damage you have no punishment in making your team look as crazy, funny or badass as you want. And I guess i should mention the NPC names... They're amazing. Enough said.Overall, I've been playing this game with a friend throughout, and I can say it is a lot of fun. We are excited for the whole game to come out but are right now content with finishing the many side missions and trying to beat the unfair arena (which by the way, is VERY unfair).I would strongly recommend this game to anyone. It's light hearted, funny and addicting; it's nice to see a game in Alpha that shows so much promise. I'd even go as far to say that if this was the final form of the game I would still spend the money on it.Now if you'll excuse me, I have a unicorn mortar team to make."
,Recommended,291860,29755162,Posted: 6 February,all,mercedez,"I have always loved this company and their games, and they didn't let me down once.Only ""complain"" I have is that I can't repeat the campaign. Just after I finished the campaign I realized that I could have recruited the final boss :c"
76561198135580795,Recommended,291860,29838699,Posted: 10 February,all,Bluekersaure,"So I decided to purchase this game after watching a gameplay of it on YouTube... and I am not disapointed. When you manage to clock around about 8 hours of gameplay into your first session, I think the shear quantity speaks for itself. This game is fun, tactical, silly, and easy to get the hang of. A must-buy purchase if you want to make your weekend more enjoyable, or a worthwhile little investment if you want it for pure replayability alone. I cannot wait to see what more that this company brings out for this game in the near future. :)"
,Recommended,291860,29875698,Posted: 12 February,all,lol,If this game was a cat it would be a pretty cool cat
,Recommended,291860,29896231,Posted: 13 February,all,3Swank4Jew,"As  somebody who briefly played Castle Crashers and didn't really like it and after kinda liking Battleblock Theatre i'll admit i was somewhat dubious about this game.But Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is great, while there is much of the main story quest avaliable in Early Access it is a brilliant game. The side and misc quests more than make up for the current lack of the main story line. Mix this with the endless combinations for your fighters, the multitude of different types of fighters and theeccentricities of the narrator you have a gave that's extremely fun to play and somewhat addicting. Combine this with the ability for multiplayer both Lan, online and on the same computer and you have something great to play with friends. What is already avaliable in the early access is great and hopefully they keep adding newer content this great."
,Recommended,291860,29936411,Posted: 14 February,all,DigitalEvorian,"It's a behemoth game? what should you expect? goofy imagery and narration of course!The upcoming title by the legendary The Behemoth, will it be fun? i hope so, as of now playing this game for about 20 hours i feel like it's a solid game with a few tweaks to be made before the full release, easily worth the money so far even with the limited content.7.3/10"
,Recommended,291860,29948001,Posted: 15 February,all,Archibald Von Hallström,This game proves that writting can carry indie games above any triple A games...
,Recommended,291860,29975326,Posted: 16 February,all,Elsie (LCL),I don't think The Behemoth is even capable of making a bad game.
,Recommended,291860,29976691,Posted: 16 February,all,Decuplets,"Unlike my friends, I never really caught on to turn-based strategy games. Fire Emblem struck me as ""get behind the horse guy that can insta-kill bosses,"" and Xcom was more ""hide or you die.""This game falls under neither of those categories, and I was thoroughly pleased."
,Recommended,291860,30986696,Posted: 6 April,all,Ori | oshiimine,Hatty Hattington is running around with two uzis killing things10/10 would hat again
,Recommended,291860,34484090,Posted: 25 August,all,Bill nye the dead guy,"so good, the stories the memes, the game just perfect and fun666/667"
,Recommended,291860,35197992,Posted: 25 September,all,dansagamer,Very good game. Funny
,Recommended,291860,29819163,Posted: 10 February,all,Rex,"Super fun, easy to pick up, and amazing sound track. i love the concept of capturing your enemies to use them aginst one another. 9/10 will play again"
76561198086752668,Recommended,291860,29289563,Posted: 15 January,all,YourBoiStar,"It's made by behemoth, just buy it."
,Recommended,291860,29581851,Posted: 30 January,all,Mezagong ♊,"-Hey meza, you like stragegy games ?-Ye, why ?-Cause i got a key that i can gift to someone since i played this game's beta-Uh uh, what game ?-Pit People-Pit what ?-Remember who's Behemoth ?-Aren't those the guys who made Castle Crasher and Battleblock ?-Yup-Same style ?-Same style.-Allright i'll try it.I haven't stopped playing since.Help me.Please."
,Recommended,291860,29709787,Posted: 4 February,all,Jay,"This, for a early access title is very short in a story but makes up for it in many ways.I'm sure that the game will have a longer story when it is finally published but there is still so much to do.you can take up side quests that can have many, many parts that you dont have to do all at once.there is a very cool mechanic for recruiting people to your team aswell.Behemoth has never let me down!"
,Recommended,291860,29421179,Posted: 22 January,all,Flightless Scarecrow,"I take my pit people to the armoury and call them ""arm-pits"""
,Recommended,291860,29386664,Posted: 20 January,all,lazychocobo,Pros:+Great voice acting (really is top notch)+Funny characters and story+Amazing soundtrack+lots of freedom in how you manage a partyCons:-It's not finished-Horatio shared his blueberriesIf you dont care to wait and love tactics style gameplay this is a must buy.
76561198126594127,Recommended,291860,29413695,Posted: 21 January,all,Abrahim weather,VERY GOOD game
76561198126239046,Recommended,291860,29237834,Posted: 13 January,all,Blue,It's a good game.
,Recommended,291860,29412804,Posted: 21 January,all,Ashes,"The Behemoth strikes again!And in all the right places.ProsCombat is incredibly fun and has a lot of depth.There’s quite a lot of customization.The story is pure comedy gold and the narrator is as outstanding as ever.Tons upon tons of side-quests, types of units, items, generally stuff to find and do.The Pit. An arena located in the city of Pit People. It’s the place where you go for some challenging co-op or pvp.The soundtrack is again in the amazingly light-hearted Behemoth style.The art style is as fantastic as always.The characters are amazing, and the dialog is hilarious. Regardless if we’re talking about random npcs or story characters.The world map is somewhat procedural, large and fun to explore.Full Co-Op and multiplayer support, be it for the main quests, side quests and The Pit.ConsThe main quest was very short so far. This is in EA, but considering they said that the Story included is a “sizable chunk” is kind of worrying.The game doesn’t give you an awful lot of useful information (e.g. I get a random buff/nerf or effect from a weapon, but there’s no way to see what it is; enemy health in numbers etc.)There’s a lot of items however most of which are purely cosmetic, while others have various combat stats. I wish more of the items had direct effects over stats, even if it’s only a difference in numbers."
,Recommended,291860,29328862,Posted: 17 January,all,Diomie,best game
,Recommended,291860,29643935,Posted: 1 February,all,☻SharkMan,Music in this game is alone worth the purchase.
,Recommended,291860,29754138,Posted: 6 February,all,SierraSaura,"Buckets of fun, yo!"
76561198008892522,Recommended,291860,29312170,Posted: 16 January,all,SeaHam,"Even in this early state, it's already amazing."
76561198244510550,Recommended,291860,29513160,Posted: 26 January,all,Lil Broomstick  csgoroll.com,i already love it
,Recommended,291860,29706793,Posted: 4 February,all,Alxx,"Pit People:Pros:-Many collectables-Great voice acting-fun addictive gameplay-Great working Co-Op-Fun PvP-Nice Art style-Great Sound track-Many side quests and missionsCons:-Short storyline (as of current)-A few crashes here and there-A few unobtainable acheivements-Not finishedOverall: Pit People is a great game with much potential,however in it's current state am not sure it is worth the £10.99 price tag but can't wait to see where the developers take this game. Big fan of all their work!"
,Recommended,291860,29770329,Posted: 7 February,all,Nassu,"Interesting little game. Behemoth has done it again, with addicting gameplay, an epic soundtrack, and their trademark (YES, TRADEMARK!) humor! Buy it now or never!"
,Recommended,291860,30129221,Posted: 23 February,all,CroutonDust ♫,"Overall a Great GameThis is a game that i purchased a while back, and since its early access realease i have sunk in hours. The main aspect of the game is to recruit the many different types of fighters to join yoiur team. You can recruit anyone at anytime as long as you have proper materials. Once you have created your dream team, you can take your team to the pit, where you battle against real people. The overall experience i've had with the pit is amazing. Some bugs need polishing here and there but overall it's very stable for early access. I would highly recommend this game to anyone, and even to people who don't enjoy turn based games. It's not just a turn based game, it has wacky characters and will make you laugh constantly. So try it out even if you don't think it's your thing, i never really enjoyed turn based games, but this is one exception."
,Recommended,291860,29458230,Posted: 24 January,all,Tjarizard,something about vague commentary and trying to break the fourth wall i just love.
,Recommended,291860,29497977,Posted: 26 January,all,TheSmoothHippo,"Good game, good devs"
76561198169134812,Recommended,291860,29722215,Posted: 5 February,all,Sherlock Holmes,"Behemoth is one of the best developers in the world, the art style is amazing, gameplay is amazing, and i just absolutley adore this game (and all the others they have made).P.S It's cheap and great.-9.5/10 (because of early access)"
,Recommended,291860,30305928,Posted: 3 March,all,Mr.RedPanda17,Just like every other behemoth game it is amazing. I love all the diffrent types of units and the cosmetics. This might just be my favorite behemoth game. Can't wait till the next update!
76561198128040285,Recommended,291860,31077928,Posted: 11 April,all,Penhad,"Awesome game whether you're a solo, coop or pvp player, good replayability in any mode. Good community and awesome devs. It's still in early access, but i highly recommend it already, you can buy it blindfolded!"
,Recommended,291860,32611457,Posted: 20 June,all,IMPERĀTOR-R2DANK2,If you are a fan of Behemoth or Castle Crashers this game is a must have and the updates are only making it better
,Recommended,291860,30998924,Posted: 7 April,all,Floro,You can poop on the world map
,Recommended,291860,29489938,Posted: 25 January,all,G MANE,honestly what a piff gamegood job Behemoth you never fail to make quality games
76561198260554029,Recommended,291860,29321180,Posted: 17 January,all,Kang,Best game everWhat other game lets you murder midget black people infront of there Mom
,Recommended,291860,34670974,Posted: 1 September,all,Shizniticus,"This is the game Quentin Tarantino, Monty Python and Tom Clancy would put together if you forced them into a room and didn't let them out until they produced something.10/10"
76561198180118322,Recommended,291860,29308093,Posted: 16 January,all,Keemstar Is Bad,"This game is so freaking  funny. ""And after he won, Haratio kissed Yosef on the cheek and stabbed him in the chest"""
76561198073406815,Recommended,291860,29509340,Posted: 26 January,all,Rockageddon,"Behemoth makes another (2 player) local co-op drinking game, fun for the whole family!only gripe is it's early access, I had no idea because it was a Behemoth game, so I just pressed buy. You can feel the early access ingrained in the game. Only question I have is, does Behemoth need to early access anything? I didn't think they were hard on cash after making games evry single person owns. Can't even afford a handful of game testers."
,Not Recommended,291860,30104070,Posted: 22 February,all,Frantic,"I bought this game based on the fact that it had an incredible 97% positive score from over 2300 reviews and Stamper voice acting. For the first hour or so I was very entertained by Stamper, but I noticed the combat felt extremely simplistic. By the last couple of hours I played it for I was half-convinced I was just not understanding the greatness that clearly must be there based on the reviews. After reading the negative reviews I think maybe I'm not crazy and the gameplay in general is very shallow.I get that some people probably really like the collectathon aspect of the game where you capture all these different creatures, but when it comes right down to it all you're really doing is moving characters to appropriate hexes and ending your turn while hoping they crit with their one attack which you don't even get to decide who it's used on in many cases.Even the gear you equip your characters with has no real effect besides a few preset options like sword with shield or sword with bigger shield. The sword might be a candy cane or a golf club and the shield might be a cake or a playing card, but that has absolutely no effect other than cosmetic customization.It seems like a lot of people are very loyal to Behemoth and I get that maybe they're also investing in the potential greatness of the game down the road, but as it stands this game is absolutely not one of the Best games on Steam in my opinion like the ratings would have you believe. I hardly ever review anything unless I think the reviews are very skewed in a way I don't agree with and this is one of those cases. I do not at all believe this game is worth $15 in its current state, but I understand why some people might buy it in good faith that it will be in the future and then some. To anyone else reading this please do more research on this game rather than relying on the review system if that $15 matters to you.Edit: Just a recommendation. I found a game called Battle Brothers that is a turn based tactics game somewhat similar to this one that I would highly recommend you save your money for over this game. The actual replay value of this other game is much higher than this one. There are far more options to customize your team beyond aesthetics and that game is highly recommended without the need for fanboys to automatically give it a positive review since it's by a studio I haven't heard of and I don't know if they even have any other games.I tried to play Pit People a few weeks ago to see if anything had improved, but the mind numbing repetitive nature of the gameplay instantly turned me off. I again highly recommend you do more research through gameplay videos rather than listen to reviews on Steam. This game can be summed up as kind of a silly chess with very little player agency. The style and vo is again very good, but the actual gameplay is garbage in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,291860,33396270,Posted: 8 July,all,Conundrum,"Take this with a grain of salt as I played this for less than an hour.This game was on the top of my wishlist for a very long time before it came out as an early-release title. I love hex strategy games and thoroughly enjoyed Castle Crashers, so I figured combining a company that made a game I liked with a genre I liked was a no-brainer.Unfortunately, I ended up putting in for a refund for two main reasons:1. The game is a console port and it shows. The mouse and keyboard controls are extremely bad. If you're willing to play with a controller this may be less of an issue for you, but strategy games play pretty badly on a controller in the first place.2. It's actually EXTREMELY casual. There's a super-hard mode available but it doesn't make the fundamental gameplay any less casual. The only command you give your characters is where to move. ALL other decisions are handled by the AI, including which character or characters within range to attack if multiples are present. What type of action is taken is handled in a relatively intelligent manner (the AI doesn't attempt melee attacks when out of range for example), but the bottom line is still that the only choice the player has is where to move.The writing and art are great as expected from Behemoth, but I just can't recommend it as a strategy game when so few options are available to the player."
,Recommended,291860,29325212,Posted: 17 January,all,N0L1Mp0S,This game is like friday night.It's a party...MUSIC IS AMAZING.Pros:-Behemoth-Music-Humor-EverythingBUY IT
,Recommended,291860,29614660,Posted: 31 January,all,hectorpch3,"The Behemoth continues to use their unique art style and phenomenal humor to create, yet again, an unforgettable game. Early Access only makes us, followers and gamers, crave for more of this delightful game."
,Recommended,291860,29675728,Posted: 3 February,all,Catharsis,"Incredibly fun game, and actually has a fair bit more depth than I expected."
,Recommended,291860,29245337,Posted: 14 January,all,InitiatedPeak,"More endless fun from behemoth. The story is incomplete by the way, and is pretty short, bear that in mind (great pun).Its hard not to love the style of this game and if you love their other games, you are sure to like this one too."
76561198081172943,Recommended,291860,29493712,Posted: 25 January,all,BOT Pirate,"Fun Game with People that fight, Kinda Gets repetative, and needs a Sandboxmode!!! but hey look.. Its a Behemoth game so you know for damn sure its good"
76561198031691910,Recommended,291860,29664023,Posted: 2 February,all,Toki,"Fun and challenging, without being punishing. A lighthearted glee is evident in every aspect of this turn based, hex-map strategy and collection game. Music is some of the best, and the Narrator is great.Unfortunately there seems to be very little of said Narrator. With his the only voice of the game, other than gibberish played over text, Pit People can rely too heavily on its otherwise excellent sound design. I found that with no actual dialogue to draw me in I just skipped past more and more of the admittedly  clever and funny story as soon as I read it.Plays well with a good strategic options base. Tons of mostly cosmetic items to collect. Wide and shallow with equipped items dictating character class for humans while creatures you recruit can only use their default skills. Since you can't predict the type of fight you'll face this specialization limits their utility and use.Too much fun with co-op, can't wait for more."
,Recommended,291860,29239980,Posted: 13 January,all,Jeep 93,"You can poop with your chariot, 12/10 - IGN."
76561198249717334,Recommended,291860,29730853,Posted: 5 February,all,PopperGamer,Behemoth gods
76561198107079091,Recommended,291860,29451927,Posted: 23 January,all,RoBoTcLoNe,The makers of Castle Crashers and Battleblock Theatre... What could possibly go wrong?!!
,Recommended,291860,29297301,Posted: 16 January,all,deavonis199,i was in the closed beta and at that time there wasnt much to do but now they have added so much more and as they add more story quests and side quests the game will just keep getting better and better.10/10 would buy multiple copies just to support behemoth
76561197984139100,Recommended,291860,29709720,Posted: 4 February,all,Gimick,Best soundtrack ever? Probably
76561198118509709,Recommended,291860,29733757,Posted: 5 February,all,Arus_,"All around great gametook me and my friend 16 hours to complete the 3 main side quests and the one main quest, still enjoying the game and cant wait for more!"
,Recommended,291860,29596832,Posted: 30 January,all,ИосифКобзон88,"Game with a lot of fun. I like it. Want full version, but early access. Hope that full game'll be fantastic"
,Recommended,291860,29309172,Posted: 16 January,all,Ψ | Psi-Lapse,"Battleblock theatre was more or less my entry in this wacky world The Giant Chicken threw me into, and I had a nice time. It was irritating at times, but they proved they can make a good and instantly challenging platformer, while at the same time, throwing exellent humor at you from all sides.Then I played Castle Crashers, where the same chicken proved it could make an excellent beat-em-up but this time, they had more subtile humor.Now, you got this. Pit People. The Chicken's shot at fire emblem.And it is utterly glorious. Right away they give you rules of engagement that, classically, you'll forget instantly, and wonder why you keep losing.Such as how you should only be using maces against dudes with helmets. I forgot about that and wondered why I wasn't doing much damage.The narrator jumped out of Battleblock and right into Pit People, and he makes me truly happy.Ulitimately, a chicken programmed this game.A chicken lent it massiveness to this game, and speaks in the royal 'we'.If that does not give you reason as to why you should play this gem; I nary know what will.Its in early access and I don't care. I have much history with them, and this is about as solid as all the others.Happy to support the chicken once again.I'd keep making chicken jokes, but at some point they'd get rather fowl.easy 9/10"
76561198210789205,Recommended,291860,29913493,Posted: 13 February,all,Alten,"Another Co-op Behemoth Game!?!? Take my Money!!!!! the ridiculous humor and satire all present i really can not get enough of this content.  if you enjoyed castle crashers or played battle block theatre, then go ahead and dump your money  on this"
,Recommended,291860,29866816,Posted: 11 February,all,rOBIN,"At first I didn't understand everything (because I'm dumb) and the story is a bit short right now , but it is still early access and even tho the story is short it is good (the best). I really like the game and even when the story is done you can do alot of other FUN FUN FUN stuff.Also I love the art and voice acting10 / 10 , would share my bluebarries again"
,Recommended,291860,30045701,Posted: 19 February,all,Lich King,"Behemoth has not disappointed me yet, keep up the good work! Love your games!"
,Recommended,291860,31091660,Posted: 11 April,all,Cobalt246,>trying to expand my army>find rare troop>fight other army and leave the troop I want alive>its at low health>net person at other side of arena>two archers will always hit it no matter where I move>kill rare troop10/10 would break monitor again
,Recommended,291860,29242660,Posted: 14 January,all,Sam,"This could very well be the best game that The Behemoth has yet to offer. It is definitely worth checking out, especially if you are a fan of their previous games."
,Recommended,291860,30402829,Posted: 8 March,all,snooPINGASusaulIsee(birthday!),"Have you ever wanted to see a cupcake with magic powers ride on top of a hideous spider human hybred, fighting along it's robot friend with the SUPER AMAZING POWER OF STATIC ELECTRICITY, being healed by two fat♥♥♥♥♥lard gnomes, with a cyclops right next to him with double uzis as they ride off into the sunset?! Then this game is for you."
,Recommended,291860,30341160,Posted: 5 March,all,Dreamboarder,"Finally! A rightful successor to Castle Crashers! I can't get enough of the artwork... Great mechanics, best functioning Early Access title I have ever owned. Thank you for switching up the gameplay Behemoth!.... Could still use a CC2 :)"
76561198057691678,Recommended,291860,30367391,Posted: 6 March,all,saspy11,"at first look at this game i was thinking that this game is going to be bad but after playing it for about 30mins i was loveing this game has the same sense of humor like Castle Crashers. 10 out of 10 i rate this game, also on a side note if a Developer of The Behemoth reads i realy realy realy think you guys should make a 2nd Castle Crashers"
,Recommended,291860,29704405,Posted: 4 February,all,Kurosu,Is good
,Recommended,291860,29701388,Posted: 4 February,all,Prometheus,"I love this game. The art style and sarcasm combined make it one of the funneist games i've ever played. The combat is surprisingly fun for how simple it is, though it could use some more variety. The latest update (Update 1) has my antivirus tagging Pit People as a Trojan, however, so i wont be playing it for a while. Besides that, this game is amazing and im sure once they fix that bug i'll be playing tonnes more."
,Recommended,291860,29702950,Posted: 4 February,all,Dysfunction,"The humor permiates through everything in this game, the art style, the music, the dialog, the story and even the combat system has humor build in to it with the random effects. It is going to be one hell of a game once it is done.Having played it in single player and local co-op I feel that I my money was well spend, this is a game that I will want to come back to onces the story is done. I dont want to play it anymore right now because I feel that I'll just spoil myself for what is to come."
,Recommended,291860,29703954,Posted: 4 February,all,Jayhoot,This game is awesome and hilarious
,Recommended,291860,29387064,Posted: 20 January,all,Akiva,"The ""®"" is for ""®fun""."
,Recommended,291860,29636602,Posted: 1 February,all,Wifi Waifu,Fun
76561198152153308,Recommended,291860,30809942,Posted: 29 March,all,El Chapo,pretty sick game 10/10
,Recommended,291860,32394930,Posted: 13 June,all,Fenni_San,10/10 will do again
76561198060739604,Recommended,291860,30140703,Posted: 24 February,all,Rootin' Tootin' Cooter Shooter,"It's really fun! I don't really understand what team comp is but I still manage to make a decent team. I was worried that Stamper wouldn't be as funny as Battleblock Theatre, but he and Behemoth have supplied me with plenty of exhales from the nose because I don't have anyone to laugh with.I am very tired."
,Recommended,291860,30186902,Posted: 25 February,all,๖ۣۜFenway,Everything in this game is a meme and random
38478345638735434,Recommended,291860,30201188,Posted: 26 February,all,Nivroc,"Rly long prologue to get into coop, but it's pretty much worth it!"
,Recommended,291860,29414288,Posted: 21 January,all,a_guy_playing,Behemoth for the 3rd time made me waste my time (in a good way) with another great game!
,Recommended,291860,29507457,Posted: 26 January,all,Dracofell,Can never get enough Stamper
76561198074496700,Recommended,291860,29241343,Posted: 13 January,all,Kevin The C. Cucumber,"Playing through the 2 hours of main story provided by the early access was more than enough to tell the game is worth buying. Very polished, bleeding personality, good gameplay - Behemoth's next title should be a must-get for any fan of their past games, or anyone remotely interested."
76561198067488396,Recommended,291860,29240540,Posted: 13 January,all,Pomshd,Buy it before the apocalypse
76561198109302356,Recommended,291860,29243370,Posted: 14 January,all,grooda,I've played for roughly 2 hours and so far it's extordinary. Very entertaining. It's also a great feature that you can collect your new fighters yourself. Highly recommended.
76561198092182539,Recommended,291860,29245461,Posted: 14 January,all,Benhanoo,"Early Access is very fun! Pit People is a great tactical turn based battle game with collectable heroes, items, monsters, unicorns, shadow creatures, and many more! Having a blast and a good laugh with the very humorous (and sometimes dark) story."
76561198141314089,Recommended,291860,29257374,Posted: 14 January,all,MCKOOK,"Bless this awesome game and ""The Behemoth"". They always create fantastic games!"
,Recommended,291860,30097249,Posted: 22 February,all,dannyboy,Buy it.
76561198016997891,Recommended,291860,29632206,Posted: 1 February,all,spifomie,"A solid Strategy-lite game with classic behemoth humor that hooks you instantly and pokemon-esque mechanics to sustain replayability.A 30 dollar game for the price tag of 15, even in early access. Well recommended!"
,Recommended,291860,30047173,Posted: 19 February,all,Chris the crispy cunt,Behemoth is my daddy..
,Recommended,291860,29323624,Posted: 17 January,all,JacksonEliGray,"Just to be clear, I absolutely love the game. It is the most fun I've had with any game in the past year, and I am definitely looking forward to the full release.That being said, the one issue I do have is the zoomed-in nature of the combat screen. I find it to be incredibly bothersome, and it makes moving throughout the map a real nuisance, especially when I have characters spread across the combat map. If there is a feature that allows for that focus to be removed and I'm just being stupid I apologize, but if there isn't I would highly recommened adding that into the full-featured game. The zoom makes sense for console (which I'm sure is what this game is intended for), but on a non-console device it just feels like I have tunnel vision. I'm sure a lot of PC people would appreciate making this change.Other than that, thanks Behemoth, this is the game I've been looking for."
,Recommended,291860,30195298,Posted: 26 February,all,eater7827,Awesom and funny game. I cant wait until the full game comes out.
76561198118706167,Recommended,291860,29808035,Posted: 9 February,all,kromosomi keisari,"You really should get this game if you like strategy and/or rpg games. It has a surprising amount of depth and already has a casual laddering system (not a matchmaking one, but still).Pros:-simple but fun gameplay-depth with different team compositions and item builds-humorous narration-a great artstyle-amazing soundtrackcons:-still in early access-If you ONLY want intense, fast paced gameplay, this game isn't really for you.Overall: 9/10, would bang"
76561198110349173,Recommended,291860,29912843,Posted: 13 February,all,$#@%!,"""Early Access"""
76561198255831395,Recommended,291860,29471331,Posted: 24 January,all,ShadowHunter4427,"I love this game. it is great to play by yourself and even more fun with a friend. you can recruit  any enemy on the map which means practically unlimited team building. this game is a great co op turn based stratagy game and keeps to the core values of what made castle crashers and battleblock theatre so enjoyable, the goofy art, humurous but captivating storyline, and, of course, sending your foes to the grave with your favorite weapons. the full campaign is not released yet but there  many side quests  to make up for it. i cant wait to see where this game goes in the future."
76561198003666356,Recommended,291860,29745900,Posted: 6 February,all,Badchi,"Just sit down, pour something into your glass, smoke a joint if you will and enjoy Stamper's voice and humour."
76561198033241679,Recommended,291860,29722535,Posted: 5 February,all,Chris,This game is beautiful and funny. The soundtrack is amazing.
,Recommended,291860,29335491,Posted: 18 January,all,DedSecPony.exe,"Ah yes, Pit People, my new favorite! Even on its unfinished state.THE GAMEThe game is a turn-based RPG strategy with the witty humor and a beautiful cartoonish art style that made me fell in love with The Behemoth's games. Its a simple, yet clear take to Turn-Based Strategies, a genre that I was completely unfamilliar of. You can explore the world tokidnaprecruit other fighters not only because of their stats, but their names too, find more goldMONEYYYYYYand loot, and undertake a LOT of other sidequests other than story mode.(more on that later) The game also has a multikill indicator and its the most satisfying thing ive ever heard.THE STORYAlthough short, it was hilarious! And honestly the very antagonistic narrator (who's VA also voiced the narrator from BBT) that is also a giant space bear is slowly becoming my new favorite bad guy and might even kick Bill Cipher from the TV show Gravity Falls (which is kinda hard tbh) from the ""Best Villan"" pedastal of my heart. The first snippet of the story already features fourth wall-beraking antics, and a really meta narrator that proclamed himselfGodof this post-apocalyptic hex-patterned earth. Plus the fully animated cutscenes are really cool!MUSICThe. Soundtrack. Is. Gud. Pls. Listen. 11/10THINGS I WAS slightly BOTHERED ATSuggestions>It was kinda hard to know what fighter you are currently selecting right now even with my 23-inch monitor on my PCwell then, its been updated to a yellow outline for the selected fighter! It's now eaiser to see what fighter are you currently selecting right now.>the lack of a mac version aaaaaaaa (im aware that a mac verison would come soon tho)>more compatibility with touch screened laptops, so I was able to try the game in a laptop with a touch screen although with a option to include a end turn button on screen (and shaking btw) was a bit helpful, I personally think that it needs a bit more essential controls like cancel placement and player switch for tablet PCs (Surface Pro, Wacom Mobile Studio Pro, and the likes) and 2-n-1 convertables (Lenovo Yoga)"
,Recommended,291860,32702109,Posted: 23 June,all,Playmikesux,"My friend and I were doing co-op, and he caught some big dude named ""Happy.""Turns out happy is a ♥♥♥♥ing beast.We decided to do some of the pit arena, and the first round did go so well. Going into the second round we had about half our teams. Most of them died, except for my friends unicorn and Happy. The unicorn kept hitting shields so it was mostly useless.Happy ♥♥♥♥ing 1v8'd that♥♥♥♥♥♥ Happy would level up because he took so much damage, and then just take more damage. And then he would absolutely destroy the enemies because they were all squishy and miraculously didn't spawn with a healer (or the unicorn killed it early).Sadly Happy got ultra CC'd in the 3rd round, and was finally taken from his throne.I had a hair troll named The Legend. But Happy was the true legend here.The Legend never dies."
76561198304016439,Recommended,291860,32907667,Posted: 27 June,all,Skadoodle,a well made game  have agood coop element
76561198109438146,Recommended,291860,30205800,Posted: 26 February,all,Diefo224,good music nice art style funny jokes good gameplay everything you need in a game
,Recommended,291860,31802901,Posted: 17 May,all,TheRedKirby (๑╹ڡ╹๑),"Yes.Seriously even though the game is in early access it's still a blast. Tons of fun and full of that Behemoth charm we've come to know and love (and if you don't, check out Castle Crashers and Battleblock Theater). Even extra fun with a friend, and surprisingly has more depth than I expected it to. If you're into turn based tactical/strategy RPGs AT ALL, I fully recommend it."
76561198120937308,Recommended,291860,30041815,Posted: 19 February,all,Zis Is Berd,HEY LOOK A REALLY REEEAAAALLLLYYYY GOOD GAME!
76561198161594598,Recommended,291860,30041232,Posted: 19 February,all,^s^c4 Normandia,I remember the day when I was about 7 years old and used to watch madness series and play  alien hominid on newgrounds.It is good to see how behemoth games are today.
,Recommended,291860,29342322,Posted: 18 January,all,rare deepwater jew,i really really really really really really really really really really like this game :]
,Recommended,291860,29256196,Posted: 14 January,all,ʙurdman❼⓪❼,"One of the best games I've played in a long time, a game that I hope they sell this amazing soundtrack for too.I only have one worry and it may just be a me thing but I wonder how the devs really feel about the life of this game, it seems like the options for it are limitless for new adventures and creatures and items. Behometh isn't a game company known for making games that get updated monthly or big dlcs but this game would be just such a wonder if it was like that, if it was given a devoted team.That's just a dream of mine but overall the gameplay in Early Access with very little story but tons of side quests is amazing. At least when the game fully releases it'll be like a big content update ;)"
,Recommended,291860,29947987,Posted: 15 February,all,Rob,"Probably the most fun I've ever had in a game, let alone early access. The bear narration just slays me. Co op'd it through with carl, 10/10"
,Recommended,291860,29629034,Posted: 1 February,all,BigDickSwangin,"To put it short and simple, it's a great game, this ''new'' world exploration aspect really adds a new element to strategy/turn based games, i never really enjoyed turn based games untill i saw this one. The characters are really wacky and fun to listen to. The combat is simple yet unique with it's different animations alongside some awesome music to accompany you on your battles and exploration. Can't wait untill it's finished so i can complete the story, so i would definitely reccomend this game if you've ever had doubts with turn based games."
76561198067251264,Recommended,291860,29249452,Posted: 14 January,all,Zachev,"The Behemoth studios knocks yet another one out of the park with Pit People!  I have been a big fan of this developer ever since Castle Crashers was released on the Xbox 360.It has the same goofy art style, humor and cosmetic customization you can see in their previous titles.I will update this review when I get further into the game, but my initial impression is that this is a fantastic game."
76561198023085258,Recommended,291860,29382737,Posted: 20 January,all,Zombietron,"first game i ever bought in early access, and that says a lotif you liked castle crashers and/or battleblock theater (or cartoon style games in general) and like turn based stradegy (like X-COM, but less RNG ♥♥♥♥ery),check out some youtube videos and see for yourselfit's really funbehemoth just knows how to make a game look good, play good, and hilarious"
76561198054021889,Recommended,291860,29998508,Posted: 17 February,all,Jorik89,Amazing game ! _ !
76561198058496325,Recommended,291860,30122545,Posted: 23 February,all,Chrono,I love this developerpit people is a fun and hilarious strategy gameTRIPLE KILL YEESS
,Recommended,291860,29653500,Posted: 2 February,all,Theratris,"If you want game that is casual and funny, yet challenging at times, this is the game for you.If you want a game at all, this is the game for you.Even if you don't like games. This IS the game for you!But this frigging game! Just do et!I can't count the times I've peed my pants from laughing while playing this 10/10 would buy again."
76561198028968244,Recommended,291860,29409440,Posted: 21 January,all,icenderZ47,"I've been a Behemoth fan ever since the release of Castle Crashers on the Xbox 360. Behemoth's games always find a way to create completely hystarocal and mind blowingly comedic games. On top of that they change it up everytime; turnbase, platformer, beat them up action game, and few other genres. My favorite aspect of Pit People is the sound track, fast paced and unique like the game. The game gives you a ton of options on how you would like to play. For example my first team were all using explosive weapons with bandit like apparel. If you find yourself usually not liking turn based games I highly recommend you give this a try. It may just change your opinion. ;)"
76561198100011218,Recommended,291860,29911131,Posted: 13 February,all,PhantomVirus,"If you like witty humor and mild to intense strategy, you will fall into the abyss that is pit people. I put 15 hours into the game the first 30 hours I got it."
,Recommended,291860,30478798,Posted: 12 March,all,Lane,"I had little interest in a strategy game that didn't allow you to control WHAT your character does and to WHO. However, it's the streamlined movement and flow of this game that really started to make sense when you begin to macro-manage rather then expect to Micro-manage.In XCOM you gamble on each unit's interaction with the enemy, with this game it's 100% all the time, but the gamble is confined to player positioning. The depth in this game is less conventional and prone to be overlooked based on it's hands off approach to it's combat, but it allows players to use their decision making skills in other interesting and meaningful ways rather than being bogged down by busy work.Anyone can access this game, even players who are not fans of strategy games can hypethetically start doing well almost immediately... as the rules required to learn this game aren't clouded with trivialities and unecessary factors or UI elements. The better you are at making decisions, the better you'll stand playing this game."
76561197998239283,Recommended,291860,29556505,Posted: 28 January,all,Chainedkitty,"lets just say, im only just starting this game and i am having a blast, laughing at so much from the narrator and by god, the game just rocks hands down."
,Recommended,291860,29795296,Posted: 8 February,all,HomelessGamer,"I captured a farting mushroom. Need I say more?If that hasn't convinced you, there is a cupcake named gluten that is voiced over by a toddler.10/10"
,Recommended,291860,29234864,Posted: 13 January,all,SlapNuts,"Ever since I heard of Pit People being released I was hyped considering it was a Behemoth game.It didn't disappoint.I don't have much time in the game right now but for the 2 hours that I've played it it's absolutely amazing. The soundtrack is unique and zany (but still amazing), Stamper returning as a voice actor is great because it adds the humor that the game needs, and the visuals are absolutely stunning - never have I loved seeing Behemoth's art style like in Pit People. The game looks promising as something I can put many hours in and not get bored, as the adventure aspect of it seems to be pretty long.Great game, I didn't expect anything less from Behemoth."
,Recommended,291860,29842840,Posted: 11 February,all,richisdisturbed,"So to cut it short, I love Behemoth's titles, & bought every one for Xbox. I had my qualms about them moving into strategy with game 4 (Pit People), despite the first 3 games all being different genres to each other & all being pretty good, especially the latter 2 (Castle Crashers & Battleblock Theatre).I ended up buying it yesterday, even with the Early Access tag & only a couple story missions currently... And boy, I love it already, this game has the funniest voice acting I've ever heard in a game, Will Stamper who did the voiceover for Battleblock Theatre smashes it out of the park this time, so, so funny.The game plays a bit like a blend between XCOM & Pokemon with a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of loot. a strategy game where you can capture the last monster in each fight & recruit them to your mismatched group of heroes. Despite the game only having a couple story missions at the minute, it's rammed with content currently, I suggest you all check it out, even if you have no intention of buying, just Youtube the first 15 minutes. I can't wait to see what happens next but I'm off to recruit some new madness!The big difference between this and other hex based strategy games are that you don't pick actions for your characters, you simply move them & they do the rest. This adds depth that you wouldn't think of beforehand, & brings a whole heap of strategies to the table that you wouldn't think of in other hex games.The graphics and music are what you expect from a Behemoth title, sharp & colourful, with the music being a highlight, I think this may be the best Behemoth soundtrack yet & that's saying a lot. Behemoth aren't done with adding music yet & will be releasing an OST for the soundtrack. I think this may be the first game soundtrack I ever buy, the music is that good.- I'm not funny or creative enough to write a review that would fully give the game the appreciation it's worth, but I couln't recommend this game enough for people with a sense of humour, or even slightly enjoy strategy, loot, Pokemon, wierdness, or if you like to smile while playing.TL;DR - Youtube the first 15-20 minutes of Pit People, funniest game I've played in 25+ years of gaming.I'd rate this game at 8/10 for the moment, as people who don't enjoy grinding or ""catching them all"", may get somewhat bored without the story being there. I'm sure this will be higher when the full release comes around."
76561198215696012,Recommended,291860,29734863,Posted: 5 February,all,TheExclusive8,"Love this game! You should get it, its by the creators of Battleblock Theater and Castle Crashers. I totally recommend buying this game."
,Recommended,291860,29753122,Posted: 6 February,all,Ziibbii,xD the game but the good kind of eksdee
,Recommended,291860,29418208,Posted: 22 January,all,BeckerMilkTea ⦿ @Fortnite BR,All teh Charm of Behemoth w/ the Addition of Turn Based Elements. Wacky Adventure and Hilarity Ensues
76561198063390844,Recommended,291860,30000160,Posted: 17 February,all,Get Naked,It's amazing. Get it!!!
76561198055587779,Recommended,291860,29711134,Posted: 4 February,all,God-Lost Edgelord,Pretty great for early access
,Recommended,291860,29287159,Posted: 15 January,all,ProNub,"So, this is one of the first reviews I've written, so if you disagree with what I say that's fine!To start off with I will just list some of the basic pros and cons-ProsBy The BehemothNo microtransactionsf2p, f2w.A vast variety of customizations, from characters to weapons to... to... HATS!!!Easy to learn, easy to master (but hard to battle other people who have mastered the game 20/10)Very addictive and fun.~ConsPaid (although this isn't very much an issue, most games are paid and it is quite cheap compared to other games which are lesser of Pit People... im talking to you, Overwatch)There is a bit of grinding (not too much though)It is in early access still, so there will be some unwelcome glitches and, unfortunately, exploits (although i have not heard of any exploits)It is addictive (yes this can be a bad thing)Now to describe what the game is like!The game itself is very simple, a team crafting, (slightly) strategized turn-based 2d game. The graphics are top-notch (3D isn't necessary for every game that exists). You can have at maximum 6 fighters in your team, although you may find that you have to have less, as some characters take up more than 1 slot due to sheer awesomeness. There is a wide variety of different species that you can collect, and lots of items to customize them with. If there is something you dont want, ring up a friend in the oversized phonebox to the far left of the city, and you can easily swap items instantly. You can hold up to 500 recruits in this game. Also, some of the species would be the demi-clops, rainbow unicorn and pixie.Now to the actual game mechanics!As you are in a battle, you take it in turns to move your team to your desired positons. But, beware, all species have weaknesses. While crafting your team, you can see their health, move points, defense, dodge chance, heal, special abilities and defenses (like freeze resistance). All characters have up to 5 move points. Characters can become the hero to have stat boosts, like health, damage, and usually move points. Now, back to fighting itself! In a battle, each tile is a hexagon. Each hexagon you move costs 1 move point. Some hexagons are different, and damage your team or cost 2 move points, or just can't be moved onto. Some flying creatures, like the pixie, can fly over gaps and water no problem (water is what costs 2 move points). You can have 2 main types of attackers - melee and ranged. But, if you choose so, you can have a troop with melee and range! But the range will not be very powerful, or, if you are a mortar or ranger, the melee will not be very powerful. If your troops can target multiple enemies, they decide which they will attack. This means you really need to make sure you move your character to the exact spot you want them to be, so that you attack the enemy you need to be dead.If you are lazy, or not exactly the best at the game, or have a team that is too big to control (some characters come with 2 people in only 1 space, so the max amount of characters you can have is 12) you can turn on the Auto Battler! This will move your characters instantly, although it may not always be very reliable. Only use it if you know that it will work well with your team.That's all for now...-ProNub"
76561198134697099,Recommended,291860,30108293,Posted: 22 February,all,Not SilkySmoothz,Wonderful Game! Would Recommend to anyone.
76561197961168784,Recommended,291860,29571033,Posted: 29 January,all,n0qtrnL,"The mentally ill produce the BEST games! Seriously, who the hell writes/draws/composes/designs like this? Seriously the best!"
,Recommended,291860,29339875,Posted: 18 January,all,princess,random guy just floats in on a giraffe with balloons on it dual wielding uzisinstantly best behemoth game
,Recommended,291860,29902934,Posted: 13 February,all,Rvo,THE MUSHROOMS ARE ADORABLE
,Recommended,291860,29577939,Posted: 29 January,all,BonjoBlast,"AMAZING GAME for couch coop! I'm so shocked at how much attention the developers put into coop play-the battles' difficulty is scaled for coop play and there are even different save files for guests!Planning out the course of battles is fun with a buddy, and my brother and I LOVE the heck outta dis gameGotta thank the devs I've known since I myself was a kid browsing Newgrounds, you guys did an AMAZING job."
,Recommended,291860,29710530,Posted: 4 February,all,Monsterrat25,"Fun game, quirky characters, and setting is uniquely goofy (as one would expect from the creators of Battleblock & Castle Crashers). Combat is turn based and utilizes tile distances for your fighters to use special moves, such as capturing more fighters, immobilizing or stunning enemies. A lot of the UI is very hard to understand what it is conveying, even with certain huds active that show defense, health, etc.I enjoyed the short experience of this Early Access title but it's quite lacking on enough content at this stage for me to say go ahead and support the devs. Hopefully in time it will have enough content for me to say it's well worth more than just a few hours of playtime. When it does get a bit more story and content I will update my review to reflect the game more."
,Recommended,291860,29435116,Posted: 22 January,all,Marxist Cheeto,XCOM but with an insanely  lethal amount of LSD and potentially crystal meth. Amazing.
,Recommended,291860,29490558,Posted: 25 January,all,Kubera,Great strategy games! 8/10
,Recommended,291860,29955196,Posted: 15 February,all,UltimateWifu,"in my oppinion:1. the combat is awesome, very awesome2. beeing abile to capture new team members is awesome3.the game's humor is awesome4.the villain is awesome5. the story is awesomeawesomeso go buy the damn game"
,Recommended,291860,29956048,Posted: 15 February,all,⎛⎝ArcadeSlot⎠⎞,Behemoth strikes again with another brilliant game! I came when I recieved this...
,Recommended,291860,29397847,Posted: 21 January,all,Dr. Bovice,The Behemoth never dissapoints. For only 2 hours into an early access version of the game it's already beyond fun and has that classic battle-blockin' castle-crashin' feel we've known to love. It's like playing a game of Chess on Acid and its so god damn good. It's challenging at times but rewarding and always has something else to add. Plus the Behemoth art style is the best. I also don't know what ever language they made up for the game but it's hilarious. 9/10 only because the games not complete yet but I wouldn't hesitate to give it a 10/10
76561198261838914,Recommended,291860,29406098,Posted: 21 January,all,XenoJester,"Pit People is the love child of a frankenstein monster of most turnbased strategy game and the brain child we all know as Castle Crashers. this game is hard to summarize without being spoiled, but will try!!! recruit by killing a group and leaving a sole survivor, travel a world controlled by your ""big bad"" and moved to different maps, complete quests of misfit creatures and lazy people. travel a patch work map with similar looking patchwork biomes, fight familiar creatures and wear the faces of you friends, this game is your own adventure"
,Recommended,291860,29359472,Posted: 19 January,all,TheLemonGuy,"I mean, its a behemoth game. You really dont need any more reasons than that to buy this game. The humor, is top notch, and so are the pop culture refernces (such as the shield ""hold the door"" which literally is a door, a refernce to GoT. or the umbrella, which also is a shield, named ""will it work""?, that being a refernce to the umbrella used by the kingsmen, in the movie kingsmen). The music is fantastic. The narriation... if youve played for battleblock theater, you know what to expect.The gameplay? Well, its, sort of like... If Castel crasher and the banner saga would have a baby. But then the narrorator from battleblock theater kidnapped that child. and kept it in a cellar, and all it heard, was his voice. Wow, that went wierd fast.Its a great game. Even if you dont like the gameplay that much, its almost enough to keep playing just for the music and the writing."
76561197990322453,Recommended,291860,29344117,Posted: 18 January,all,JudgeDreadLockz - Twitch,"Wow, another fantastic game by behemoth. If you love Tile based rpgs this game may be in your interest. Sadly the story isn't completed and thats fine for me at the moment. even more so at its price point. Completely understandable why this game has such high reviews. I strongly recommend if you're a fan of this developer."
76561198087855905,Recommended,291860,29285116,Posted: 15 January,all,Bubberdub,"The Behemoth? A fantastic company. Battle Block Theater? A fantastic game by The Behemoth.Pit People? Amazing. Just amazing. Stinkin' Behemoth always creates wonderful masterpieces.Me and my buddy play all these games together, and Pit People has been a blast so far! A few bugs here and there, but that's expected of an early access game.Good job Behemoth, good job."
76561198115817409,Recommended,291860,29290575,Posted: 15 January,all,ClubpenguinWAScool1234,"I've never really liked this type of game. The ones with the tiles and stuff. But this is phenomonal. Like the other Behemoth games, this blew me away. Would recomend to at least try it out, and if you don't like it, refund it."
,Recommended,291860,29792568,Posted: 8 February,all,The Baker,"Fun game, hope more story content will be added soon."
76561198079620138,Recommended,291860,29757541,Posted: 7 February,all,Serpentar,"Great game so far! Can't wait to see the whole story mode, but for right now I'm too busy netting people like Robbie Rotten :-)"
76561197994785420,Recommended,291860,29657820,Posted: 2 February,all,Sebastian,"So when I saw this on Youtube I knew I'd love it and now that I've played the Early Access main-quest (there are loads of mini-quests and other stuff to do) I honestly believe this very short experience (2 missions) was worth 15 euro!I love the music, I love the art and the humor and voice acting is brilliant! The Pokémon (gotta catch em all) mechanic is really fun, and when this game is fully released I will probably spend more time than I have getting all the cool monsters.I usually do not buy Early Access games but this is right up my alley and Behemoth have released a few great games before so I made an exception this time."
,Recommended,291860,29710326,Posted: 4 February,all,Camman6972,This game is cool and all but WHERE IS ALIEN HOMINID 2?!
,Recommended,291860,29437068,Posted: 22 January,all,Joe Zombie,"Hilarious, quirky, fun, and addicting. All the things you'd expect from a Behemoth game. Only one story quest is available at the moment, but there's still lots of side missions to do and pit fights against AI or other players."
,Recommended,291860,29674470,Posted: 3 February,all,Strandophobia,"I didn't know initially if I would like this game, since it is quite a different route for Behemoth to take, but definitely still a very fun co-op game to play.Behemoth never disappoints <3"
76561198080748212,Recommended,291860,32836094,Posted: 26 June,all,Tmoney,You've done it again Stamper :)
,Recommended,291860,32863459,Posted: 27 June,all,Greenagon,I usually don't like turn-based games but this one is great
76561198302988411,Recommended,291860,32578801,Posted: 19 June,all,Angery Bandit,"This game is a masterpiece, it seems that behemoth always takes there time with great games like this! Although one thing i wish they should add could be trading cards that you unlock! I've started this game over and over just to replay the Campaign! I'm so excited for Update 4!"
76561198360813846,Recommended,291860,33552345,Posted: 14 July,all,Toxic Clover,"I am, for one thing, in love with this game! Will Stamper (the narrator) is amazing, the characters, the way they talk, etc!There is literally nothing wrong with this game what-so-ever, so if I were you, I would get spare change from the piggy bank and buy this game!"
,Recommended,291860,33528582,Posted: 13 July,all,The Spacedog,-inovative battle system-good humour-good dialog-good character and cosmatic designplease don't be shortplease don't be shortplease don't be short
,Recommended,291860,29559518,Posted: 29 January,all,Explosion Crazed Maniac,OOOOPS~! BUTTER FINGERS!!!!
,Recommended,291860,29237152,Posted: 13 January,all,Revlotion,"When the gaming market is being dominated by MOBAs and FPS games, Behemoth takes a step in another direction and releases yet another fun and unique game. Pit people has an amazing soundtrack, good game feel, and even better humor. It feels fairly well polished for being in EA and I'm eager for the full release to happen so there will be even more game to play. Buy it now before the price goes up, you won't regret it."
76561198082219377,Recommended,291860,29818163,Posted: 9 February,all,StarDust,"This is a must buy!! This game is hillarious, witty, creative strategy, and new mechanics that mix things up. Like being able to buy cages and capture an oponent if you want to add him to your team! BRILLILANT!!! I bought this solely on the fact that i loved Battle Block Theater and the humor. And i wanted more of that so i got this game and it gave that to me in a different package and is hands down my favorite! STOP READING AND GO BUY IT!!!! <3"
76561198373499619,Recommended,291860,31143241,Posted: 14 April,all,T_Crafter,It is very funny and I love the narrator.
76561198301126018,Recommended,291860,31104439,Posted: 12 April,all,adricastillo2002,"Look just by the cheer awesomeness of the voice actting of the game and its hilarious comedy you should buy it, i have not played it a lot and still i love it, the gameplay is really fun a atractiveim just waiting to see it all fleshed out and complete"
76561197973245321,Recommended,291860,29451339,Posted: 23 January,all,Crescendolor,A simplistic Battle Brothers meets Pokemon. Awesome game.
,Recommended,291860,33342542,Posted: 7 July,all,BurgerGaming,This game was one of my first games on steam and it was probably one of my favourite. I had never played castle crashers or played battle block theatre because I was more of a call of duty player and a ps4 player. So when I first got steam it was amazing but there are a few reasons why you might not like itPROS -Soundtrack AmazingArt is very unique and amazingStory And Dialouge are full of humorNarrator is Godlike (Stamper)You will most likely never really get bored of the fightsbecause in fights you can recruit new people so as long as you keepswitching up your team your playstyle will change each timeCONS -Only 3 story quests right now (im sure they will make more after the early accessThey don't have any minigames or fun things to do other then the quests and arena tournementsThe other behemoth games are better (in my opinion)Overall I Rate This Game... 8/10
,Recommended,291860,33391728,Posted: 8 July,all,Sketti Psychadelia,"This game is worth it for the soundtrack alone.Plays like a watered down Fire Emblem, which is a good thing.But seriously this game has the best soundtrack since Hotline Miami."
,Recommended,291860,33392780,Posted: 8 July,all,Tabasco Sweet,"This is already an amazing game worth full price, with extra content to come you can bet this is a great game."
,Recommended,291860,33412483,Posted: 9 July,all,Meepturtle💌,"Pit People is a fun tactical strategy game, but it has some strange mechanics that, while relatively unique, often fall rather flat.Damage  tends to stay very low in Pit People, which can be a problem because unit health doesn't seem to follow the same standard. Taking out an enemy in a single turn is near impossible, and even healers are surprisingly tanky, which can end up making many fights into battles of attrition around a single choke point.All unit targetting is completely automatic, as a unit will target any enemy within range at random with priority given to closer targets when applicable. There are ways the player is expected to manipulate this, including making sure only a single target is within your range or flooding an enemy's range with minions and such to mess with their targetting, but it comes off as more annoying than anything else. However, there are some clever uses of this random targetting that make up for it, like one unit who can make people target other units on their team making enemy AoE units completely backfire and splash onto their own units, but those are far too chance based for my liking.There's a vaguely Disgaea-esque distiction between human and monster units, where human units have a large amount of customization for their stats and equipment while monsters are limited to a single or often no customization option/s. That being said, most of the customizations boil down to damage+dodge or defense+block for melee, and damage or number of shots for ranged characters.Probably my biggest qualm with the game though is the fact that it is nearly impossible to see numbers on ANYTHING besides damage and status infliction. How much defense does my Gorgon have compared to my Mushroom? Who knows, one bar is slightly taller than the other! How much health does my Archer have? 4 and a half hearts worth! How much is a heart worth? Who knows! How much health does that Fairy have left? Somewhere between 1/4 and 1/3, and that's all you get to know!EDIT: As it turns out, most of this can be found out if you mouse over the stats in the customization menus.Despite all my mechanic complaints, Pit People is still a very fun game, but don't go into it expecting the height of strategic gameplay or you'll be pretty disappointed."
,Recommended,291860,29590465,Posted: 30 January,all,NiBBa1000,"Boys don't listen to those haters,the game is awesome and extremly fun to play!First of all, this is an early access game so don't be quick to judge.So far, this is one of the greatest early access games i've ever played.pros:great soundtrackgreat humourgreat customisationthe narrator's voice is litThe same art style as Castle Crashers and Battleblock but still awesome and uniquelarge variety of weapons and armorhuge mapafter every time you are saving,the game always changes your location so you can explore morelarge variety of enemiesgreat coopgreat pvpone of the best team based games i've ever playedyou can fkin play pokemon go by capturing enemies and add them to your squadquestsgreat story so far,again,this is an early access game so the story mode isn't finished yetthe combat system is fun but it needs some changesit's worth the pricecons:you can't chose which enemy you want to attack.Kind of..a little bit harder to play using a mouse and a keyboard9.7/10 Greatest game of 2017 so far"
76561198051644014,Recommended,291860,33397795,Posted: 9 July,all,Marnie_The_Dog,Overall this is a great game and I would highly recommend it.But the main story is way to short it takes not time to finish because it is only like5 quests[u/].[/b]
76561198296464325,Recommended,291860,31483868,Posted: 1 May,all,zexr50,again the behemoth did a very good job but the game is very confusing in coop since there are to many people on the screen but veery good game even better than castle crashers and battleblock Theater.
76561198059225422,Recommended,291860,33174129,Posted: 3 July,all,Nicholas_TheGoat,This Game is hillarious and fun with a friend.
76561198051076002,Recommended,291860,32835348,Posted: 26 June,all,Banjo,cupcakes can heal a tree with their frosting 11/10
,Recommended,291860,31715201,Posted: 12 May,all,skysentinels,yeet
,Recommended,291860,33078633,Posted: 1 July,all,Hawkn,"Jesus Christ, it's a Behemoth game. Buy it for the narration alone."
76561198086491628,Recommended,291860,33011753,Posted: 29 June,all,Non-Binary Dragonborn Khajiit,"Great 'Behemoth' art style, great music as always, good comedy/ voice acting, and fun gameplay. get dis plz"
76561198160545357,Recommended,291860,33020942,Posted: 29 June,all,Joseph Stalin,Buy it comrades
76561198033924255,Recommended,291860,29461993,Posted: 24 January,all,⎛⎝Bigbadteddy⎠⎞,"Only a few hours of play and I am already addicted! That... gottacollectthem all mentality just really speaks to me, ya know?Someone save me from this madness....p.s. don't actually save me from this madness, I am having too much fun..."
,Recommended,291860,29481458,Posted: 25 January,all,Rhyper,This is so ♥♥♥♥ing good. Incredible soundtrack too.
,Recommended,291860,33286349,Posted: 5 July,all,DragoZeroNova,"Good, but it'll probably be better once out of early access."
76561198043578912,Recommended,291860,30054133,Posted: 20 February,all,Shoveler,like final fantasy tactics? like gladius or fire emblem? like turn based games that go faster than the average turn based game? you like behemoth? here you go my dude.
76561198140439169,Recommended,291860,30248006,Posted: 28 February,all,deathface420,its awsome buy it
76561198200794082,Recommended,291860,30240220,Posted: 28 February,all,Bailey26108,amazing gaem nothing more 2 say
,Recommended,291860,30232287,Posted: 27 February,all,The Ape,good game cant wait until it comes out of early access
76561198121162429,Recommended,291860,30227504,Posted: 27 February,all,AwesomeGuyDj,"Pit people is a hexadecimal turn based strategy game made by behemoth Games. (Same people who made Battleblock theater and Castle crashers).Pros:Good gameplay.Funny entertaining story.Good comedy overall.Havent encountered a single bug so far.GREAT art.Cons:IT AINT DONE YET. (curse you cliffhanger!)May be a bit confusing at first.Overall, 9/10.Everything from the world, to peoples name, to the narrator himself has a funny comedic style. Really hope the developer finishes this great game."
76561198022467785,Recommended,291860,30228609,Posted: 27 February,all,SpaMoni,These guys cant go wrong. Ive enjoyed what ive see and i look forward to more. Great job ladies and gentlemen. Love the soundtrack!
,Recommended,291860,30229198,Posted: 27 February,all,A wild pedophile,"This game is really fun, I love the turn base combat and sometimes it might seem dull but other times you are oon your edge seeing if you can defeat the last remaining guys with your last teamate. The music is good and the voice acting is awesome. Its like pokemon and pokemon is really fun and wanting to catch them all is what makes this games really fun for me. the random chance of getting the character is fun too."
76561198046868104,Recommended,291860,30228498,Posted: 27 February,all,Alasdair,"This Game Rocks!I have never been a fan of any sort of turn based games, but this one is a true gem. My skepticism was snuffed out by the humor and large amount of working content already available. The turn based combat can be rather amusing and I've even been on the edge of my seat in some of the battles, too.The co-op is incredibly fun with good friends. Hours have been lost trying to build the right tag team combo with, of course, the coolest looking apparel for my troops.I understand if you're not a fan of turn based games, but give this one a shot. It's way better with friends and the mindless exploring isn'ttoobad.My one and only con for this game is the story block. At the moment, the story is a work in progress and seems to be releasing in increments. That's not entirely bad, but I'd really love to dig into it all at once and see where Horatio ends up.Other than that, this game is great and would recommend to anyone!"
76561198072785218,Recommended,291860,30231615,Posted: 27 February,all,Eagle2552,It good
76561197960738099,Recommended,291860,29333626,Posted: 18 January,all,Abyssal,"Nice game, very fun, with cool music and lot of personalization and very colored."
76561198139800225,Recommended,291860,29240429,Posted: 13 January,all,LiaStar,"Okay so this is an early access review.So far, this game is amazing. It has catchy music, easy to pick up gameplay, while still being challenging, interesting quests, customizable characters, plus I love their recruiting mechanic. See a cool enemy? Just have Sofia toss a cage at them and now they belong to you. Honestly it's great going around, getting into fights, and grabbing whatever cool looking dude shows up, I just gotta catch them all.Even though I already did all the early access story, I can already tell I'm going to spend hours just dicking about. I finished up the story in a day, and am so hooked for when the game fully releases so I can experience it more.Highly recommend picking it up now, while it's in early access."
,Recommended,291860,29458084,Posted: 24 January,all,Bambino,This game is great with tons of potential for more features and such but its not there yet. This game is nowhere close to done and currently there is not much to do and i would recommend this game to everyone in 6+ Months so you don't have nothing much to do and drop this game fast so add this gem to your wishlist and pick it up later on!
76561198080280279,Recommended,291860,29391056,Posted: 20 January,all,Common Fruit,Another beautiful game by the behemoth. Played castle crashers and battleblock theater on Xbox and I am so happy that this game came out. Early access and it's already a great game.
76561198078671320,Recommended,291860,29260268,Posted: 14 January,all,Bronze Kneecap,"So far this game is truly an amazing piece of gaming software. I enjoyed every second of it and I am excited of whats to come storywise. Will he get his son back? Or is it going to be a crude joke, with behemoth anything is possible. I quite enjoyed exploring the outside world and recruiting interesting characters. Im still unsure if its possible to get Medusa or the big trolls as characters since they keep reproducing, hindering you to capture them.The one thing I am kind of sad about is that you cannot change most of the characters base costumes. Humans, cyclops etc all have a white shirt on, I hope this will be changed in the future. I WOULD like to change my cyclops base color to purple, so I can have a ""Dad"" unit.All in all it is a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,291860,30095973,Posted: 22 February,all,Mr Pickles,"Pit People is a fun isometric turn-based combat-strategy game made by the lovely folks who created Battleblock Theatre and Castle Crashers. Pit People features many recruitable characters, including (but not limited to) Pixies, Spiderpeople, Unicorns, Cannibals, Zombies, Gnomes, Cupcakes, Mushrooms, Robots, and a pesky moustachioed man named Horatio.In Pit People, William Andrew Stamper is the incredibly charismatic and not-at-all-psychotic Narrator, just as he was in Battleblock Theatre.Now, onto the gameplay itself.While it is early access, the combat is still quite sound, and I've yet to encounter any bugs. One of the only issues that I've encountered is the fact that the main storyline is incredibly short (which is understandable, given the fact that the game is still in Early Access). Despite this, there are still dozens of side-quests to occupy your time, as well as multi-player combat in The Pit.Just like Battleblock Theatre and Castles Crashers, you can play the majority of the game with another player, in Co-Op Mode. Unlike BT and CC, you can only play multiplayer Co-Op with ONE other player (which is understandable, it would be rather difficult to balance a four-player Co-Op combat system, unless every player was restricted to 3 fighters instead of the usual 6.)I highly recommend this game for people who enjoy turn-based combat and comedy similar to Battleblock Theatre and Castle Crashers."
,Recommended,291860,29688204,Posted: 4 February,all,Cawfee,"This game is so fun and even after beating the main game ( which isn't that long tbh ) there is still alot of post game and collectables, worth a buy!"
76561198145343695,Recommended,291860,29372176,Posted: 20 January,all,Phantomn1nja,"YAS finally a new behemoth game i have waited so long for this since battleblock and castle crashers are in my top favourite games. just the humor alone is enough to make you play this game, I laugh my♥♥♥♥♥off everytime. looking forward to seeing how this turns out."
76561198090434948,Recommended,291860,29367556,Posted: 19 January,all,fjerwG,"This game is awesome, the gameplay is really simple to understand and it's comedy will make you laugh more than every game you played. But it's in early access so the campaign only have 2 main quests while I'm writing this but they'll update it with more & more quests, items and characters. I think you should buy it right now but you can still wait it to be complete before buying it."
,Recommended,291860,29477436,Posted: 24 January,all,BattleTanx,If you like to rescue healing cupcakes from dying then this game is for you!
,Recommended,291860,29757438,Posted: 7 February,all,FatCat (Zaptreum),Need more blueberries.
,Recommended,291860,30184461,Posted: 25 February,all,Oof,This game is a blast its really worth it.
76561198079186500,Recommended,291860,29411432,Posted: 21 January,all,🌟Mr. Harpo🌟,buy this game because of the giraffe loading screen.
76561197985371685,Recommended,291860,29855225,Posted: 11 February,all,Kazoo,like castle crashers meets Advance Wars
,Recommended,291860,33145931,Posted: 2 July,all,Teodor,"This game is sooo much fun. I went to the colisseum with a full party. After the first fight I lost 2 people (had left Horatio, Cyclops, Mace Chick and Healer Cupcake). After the second fight I had only 3 left (cyclop, cupcake and horatio). I ended up having only horatio against 3 healers, a unicorn and 4 other fighters. Somehow I won.If you liked Castle Crashers or Alien Hominid you will really enjoy this game as well. Soo much fun.Also Behemonth is a nice studio who always treated their customers right, so it is nice to support them."
76561198114194087,Recommended,291860,30255356,Posted: 28 February,all,afriendatneed,Ive played this game for about over 10hrs and i love every aspect of it~Totally worth it
76561198095733492,Recommended,291860,29242489,Posted: 14 January,all,Chaos boi,"Another legendary game by the legendary company Behemoth. Great loot and customization, amazing humour for the story (Much better then the other games humour) and great things to do in the open world environment such as quests and hunting monstors. Even if your not into strategy games (which i am not) You will still enjoy the game. The online and co op pit battles are very fun, there are daily tournaments and winner gets some sexy pit exclusive loot.Pros+Story+Quests+Humour+Graphics+Co op+Variety Of characters+Will stamper (The narrator)Cons (because its in early access)- Only 1 story mission at the moment, but there is a very nice cutscene at the end of each story-Needs more people in onlineDon't Forget this games story links from battleblock theatre so BUCKLE YOUR PANTS"
,Recommended,291860,29259822,Posted: 14 January,all,PoosherDawg27,Bought this game thinking it would be one of those games that tries to hard to make you laugh and ends up failing to do so. However after I bought it I began to play with my younger brother and I love it. For an early access game it is incredible. It really has a pokemon vibe to it where you collect characters and it's really well done and not at all overused. It really makes you laugh and then makes you feel bad for it becasue the game managed to make you laugh at a toilet joke. While the story still needs work and there are a few small bugs that I encountered. For an early access game I'm highly impressed and I really do reccomend this game to people of all ages. Really fun.
76561198077303540,Recommended,291860,33475072,Posted: 12 July,all,Techypanda,its civilisation on drugs
,Recommended,291860,34176270,Posted: 11 August,all,ElementZero,"Even if this game is early access atm I myself FULLY support it!Ive played games from The Behemoth when they first started out and have always loved their art style.Only recently they started using the beautiful voice work of StamperTV in BattleBlock and im totally glad they're using him in this one.The game is completely promising in every way.it can be very difficult starting out or if you have no idea how to play a strategy game.All in all I cant wait for the final product.also, MEMES! MEMES OUT THE♥♥♥♥♥ WHOA!"
,Recommended,291860,29385191,Posted: 20 January,all,kamirsk,Up1. good jokes.2. fun to WATCH. yeah.3. over 1.000+ items to collect.4. Horatio. funny name.5. fansy looking graphics.6. dandy looking characters.7. combat system is allright. could get some more tweaking.8. fun side quest and exploring in a ritch envirement.9. No microtransactions.10.a actual split screen/co-op game thats working/fun.11.smoot back ground music.12. voice acting is spot on.Down1. max 3 items on most characers. no body armor :\2. needs a movie theater in the town to re watch cutscenes. that would fun.3. its too easy to avoid fights. (no draw back)espeasely when u have a cannon to stunand 100% flee on turn (some penalty on expert mode would be intresting. the dropt items are looted by the enemy)4. the pit (arena) feels kinda eamty. a 1vs1vs1 would be intresting.5. no dayli challanges. would be awesome if there were specific orders.(only artshers. no shields. cyclops party only. ect)The game is ait. its allright. its preaty wizard. cant wait for the full releas :)
,Recommended,291860,29558072,Posted: 28 January,all,Nojo34,"Amazing game. The narrarator (same guy who did BattleBlock theatre, also made by The Behemoth) is funny and has an amazing voice. Normally im not a huge fan of turn based games yet this one pulls it off so well, I enjoy the gameplay quite a bit. So much customization. I cant wait to see what's next for Pit People."
76561198037563631,Recommended,291860,30443183,Posted: 11 March,all,it's ya boy,Early access and already around 25 hours of content. Fast paced  strategy game with satisfying combat and silly jokes.
76561198218458060,Recommended,291860,32017997,Posted: 28 May,all,Om3ga-Z3ro,"Just beaten the story and what I can say is that I can't wait till they finish the rest of it, the humour is as always funny and on par to the humour in Castle Crashers and Battle Block Theater, I am personally looking forward to more of the Space Bears monologues.The battle system is simplistic but they are constantly adding more enemies with different attack styles that will help you build a more strategic party.I think this game has a lot of potential and I will be keeping an eye on it to see what it will grow into."
,Recommended,291860,35277071,Posted: 28 September,all,RyoScar,"A sparking and funny game from the Behemoth, Will Stamper again is hilarious as the narrator and the writing always manages to insert jokes that add humour to all situations.The game might not be finished quite yet, but it's fun to play alone or with friends and with countless side quests the wait for the main quest should hopefully be enough to tide you over."
,Recommended,291860,30173966,Posted: 25 February,all,NerdyDork,"Goofy Final Fantasy Tactics, with all the ingredients you love from Behemoth games. Love it. The co-op aspect is done really well, a very smart addition."
76561198240330896,Recommended,291860,35163449,Posted: 23 September,all,Captain Loaf,pretty good.strategy game. not as fast paced as BBT or CC (and other behemoth games blah blah blah) but same humor (not as visual) good game if you like strategy stuff but if not then this is a game you shouldn't buyi personally really like this game and have sunk a decent amount of time into it
76561198122778051,Recommended,291860,29239632,Posted: 13 January,all,sρσσкү ρερε,"I was going to write a really long review for why this game is good, but that would be boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥ANYWAYS.Buy this game.Proslots of replayabilityhilarious cutscenesfun to play co-opConsNOTHING BECAUSE THIS GAME IS AMAZINGK go buy it.Why are you still here? Go buy the damn game! It's amazing!"
,Recommended,291860,29475290,Posted: 24 January,all,Aslan,in three hours it has given me more enjoyment than most games do in fifty.
76561198122818747,Recommended,291860,29496855,Posted: 25 January,all,Jayzio,I rate this game 100/10!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,291860,29750029,Posted: 6 February,all,Shredreu,"In no other game, does the city hub dance, that is why you should buy Pit People."
76561198075770454,Recommended,291860,29874308,Posted: 12 February,all,King Licker XI,I have a hair troll called Mr Princess10/10
76561198307357213,Recommended,291860,29952404,Posted: 15 February,all,RedSkull,i have a wraith named que hora es which means what time is it in spanish10/10 best game
,Recommended,291860,29972905,Posted: 16 February,all,WickedSick,"I LOVE this game.  I have been playing almost since it was released and I am still seeing new content every single time I play.  The arena PVP is crazy fun.  I think my play time for Pit People is actually going to top the tons opf time I spent in the Dark Souls series.  Absolutely worth your money, even in Early Access.Pros: Colorful, Fun, Wicked Sick Beats, Surprisingly Challenging, Co-opCons: Story mode is incomplete BUT after 87 hours I am only 15% through the side quests.Bonus:  If you are familiar with the flash game/video community (such as Newgrounds) there are literally thousands of 'Easter Eggs'.  You are even supporting Newgrounds by buying this game!"
76561198055416365,Recommended,291860,29989112,Posted: 17 February,all,CGwolfy339,Whether co op or by yourself this game is a hell of a good time. Humor is used very well and it provides a good mix of action and strategy. Definately worth the time.
,Recommended,291860,30210191,Posted: 26 February,all,-=Divine-Senpai=-,This game is really good to play with your best pal. its amazing for it to be in early access and im hoping for so much in the future.
,Recommended,291860,30385338,Posted: 7 March,all,[102] Street Jesus,"Imagine playing a game of chess where you could make up the rules for your pieces.What makes the game interesting though, is that your enemy makes up their rules as well...Now imagine having an oddly deep bond with each and every one of your pieces that aren't so much pieces on a board anymore... but actual characters. Chosen, equipped, clothed, and trained by you since the day you found them wandering in the wilderness with their original pack of heathens.Finally, imagine watching all of your beautiful pieces you love and treasure so dearly getting murdered one of one thousand ways, one at a time, right before your very eyes.Now realize you cannot even begin to comrprehend what i'm talking about, unless you have played this game.One of a kind gem, just like the other games that the Behemoth backs, and I will probably play this game casually for the rest of my life.Great gameplay, a great experience, original content, and it's updated with new items and quests almost every month?Worth every single penny."
,Recommended,291860,30411210,Posted: 9 March,all,Fat indian guy,This Game Is Basically Your Easy To Understand TBS game but with Behemoth humour and art. A great follow up to Battleblock Theater and already brimming with content despite only being on its second update. I only hope for more to come. Im sure this will be a cult classic like all other Behemoth Games.
,Recommended,291860,32478321,Posted: 16 June,all,ChocolateExpert,"This game is just ♥♥♥♥ing dope. If you can find people to play with it makes all the grinding and pokemon catching worth wild. Finding heroes with rare funny names and customizing squads to compete or play coop to get new loot can be a ♥♥♥♥ing blast. The game is really dead online though, but if you can find people to be friends with online that are dedicated to playing this game it is just awesome.Content updates seem a little slow but its all for the right reasons it seems, because what they have to offer so far is just great."
76561198363834362,Recommended,291860,33495442,Posted: 12 July,all,FrostyMitten626,"I've always been a big fan of Behemoth. I own this game on a seperate account, as well. It is entertaining, simple, and all-around fantastic! I love it! The humor is very reminiscent of Battle Block Theatre. It may not be perfect, but it is certainly great!"
,Recommended,291860,29551296,Posted: 28 January,all,Judah,"I'll start this off with saying that I'm normally not into games like Pit People; It's not generally a type of game I look to play. However, Pit People is definitely an exeption! So after ""beating"" the early access version, here are my Pro's and Con's:Pros:+ Great, colorful artstyle.+ Exceptional writing and voice acting.+ Very funny dialog and cutscenes.+ Fast-paced gameplay.+ Working online arena mode.+ Expansive world map.+ Large amount of character upgrades (armor, weapons, etc).Cons:- The game is in early access, so as of now it's lacking in terms of content.- While the game stays interesting the entire way though, if you're not open-minded or a fan of this genre, I don't think you'll enjoy it.Notes:* Lack of explaination / tutorial in worldmap and town area. I'm assuming this is due to early access.* After finishing the early access story, it seems the only things to do are grind for gear and play arena.---While Pit People is in early access, I could definitely see myself paying full price for it if I had found it post full release. It's a cute, well-written, adventure that makes me very impatient for the full release.If you're unsure about buying this, I would very much say to do so if you're okay with an incomplete story as of now. If you're not okay with that, I'd say to wait untill full release and pick it up then.When this game is fully released, I'll make sure to write an updated review on myMediumorBlog."
,Recommended,291860,29712204,Posted: 4 February,all,adragon9,The humor in this is as good as always for Behemoth not to mention the gameplay is really enjoyable. I don't play turnbased strategy often but this game managed to suck me into it immediately. And not to mention it's one of the most solid early access games I've played in a long time.
,Recommended,291860,29753054,Posted: 6 February,all,SKENG,"Clicking Simulator 2017, 11/10 would move again"
76561198145987398,Recommended,291860,29884287,Posted: 12 February,all,Fal94,Guys this game is awesome ! and funny you will just have fun and laugh for me The behemoth never makes a bad game i bought every game and they are all awesome! ^^
76561198169217786,Recommended,291860,29914443,Posted: 13 February,all,nerdfish2002.sf,"This game is amazing. You should be able to tell because this is the first review I have ever made. There are only 2 bad things about this game, the bugs, oh so many bugs, but there working on it, and I can't buy the sound track."
,Recommended,291860,29949875,Posted: 15 February,all,spooktacular slinky,i love behemothi hate strategy gamesi came into pit people thinking nothing of itill never go back
,Recommended,291860,29983923,Posted: 17 February,all,Bonjour,"I like this game, and my opinion matters most."
76561198337143186,Recommended,291860,30105887,Posted: 22 February,all,James,"Pit People doesn't just look ""promising"" in it's current state, it's already simply an amazing game.It's a game that can be as simple or as in-depth as you want it to be and there's already tons of content to enjoy, all in The Behemoths signature style (little disclaimer here, the story is far from finished right now but there is A LOT to do already, ultimately, deciding on wether or not to get the game at the moment comes down to how you want to play it).The developers are engaged and responsive to community feedback in a way I haven't seen before, definitely Early Access done right.You can wait for the official game launch or get it in Early Access right now, either way you'll be getting more than your money's worth."
76561198277858216,Recommended,291860,30215395,Posted: 27 February,all,Sly_Atlas,My Hero Looks Like Dat Boi Is there Anything more to say
,Recommended,291860,30610386,Posted: 19 March,all,epicangie99,"THIS IS AMAZING!! and it's not even done yet! It may be confusing at first, with getting used to rules and gameplay but once you get the hang of things, you'll enjoy the experience.If you're looking for a funny gameplay in your life then I recommend this. Some people may have complained about it's repetitiveness but they cannot see how each battle goes with a different story. The whole point of this game is basically strategy battles! but with humour!Aside from the story which they have not yet completed yet, there's so much side quests, easter eggs, puns, jokes, and memes as well. There's a lot of customization so your team is as unique as others. There's so much going on here. Better get it early before they raise the price!"
,Recommended,291860,30894246,Posted: 1 April,all,I-Za-Ya-Kun,"Holy ♥♥♥♥♥ this game just have evrything a good laugh, interesting concept,nice mechanics evrything evrything i am telling ya this game is gold"
,Recommended,291860,33418746,Posted: 9 July,all,CelestialBandit,"Omg, I've played for so long.... 10/10"
,Recommended,291860,34118090,Posted: 8 August,all,honidian,Highly enjoyable. Varying and deep strategy potential. Oustanding narrator.
76561198170436287,Recommended,291860,34914065,Posted: 12 September,all,Creax,"Very fun game. Basically if castle crashers was an awesome board game, and 100x longer and complex, then this would be that game."
,Recommended,291860,34914578,Posted: 13 September,all,Trickster,Love it so far!
76561198064303310,Recommended,291860,29239412,Posted: 13 January,all,sagedarkhunter,iv'e been playing for a couple of hours now with my friend it even tho its not finnished yet i'm enjoying it so much. the turn base is smooth and the character customization is very devirse. If you enjoy turn base games and want to play with a game then try it out.
,Recommended,291860,29366351,Posted: 19 January,all,AceUnbound,"Written review below, I also made a video here:Pit People Co-Op ReviewHIghly recommend ths game! Got into the PC Beta and was happy to see that all the progress we had there was moved onwards to the early access. As The Behemoth mentioned, the early access period is only because they realized the game was in a fun playable state. It feels extremely polished from a gameplay standpoint and only really a few gripes I could notice.In co-op, if playing with controller, the only to even begin playing is to hit the F2 button which is a little unintuitive, especially if you're away from the keyboard. Further, the camera is shared between players so it's a little hard to navigate through a large map if you end up on both sides.Outside of this though, the game is hilariously funny and well made. Really awesome and well made so far with plenty of co-op quests to really have fun with. Nice to have local co-op, haven't tried single player yet but I'm betting it will be super fun as well."
76561198047649948,Recommended,291860,29498192,Posted: 26 January,all,Norc VI,A mushroom farted on me.
,Recommended,291860,29546358,Posted: 28 January,all,Patches,10/10 Blueberries. Would poop again.
,Recommended,291860,29596177,Posted: 30 January,all,Duppy,"So far, so good. A lot of people seem to say this game bores them , but for some reason I don't find it that boring, even when I watch other people. I really enjoy the customization options. While the interface is confusing at first I got used to it. I do have some complaints like  how the mercenaries cost 7000 coins eventhough you can just catch some in the overworld(Although I do have, like, 9000 coins, but still). Another complaint I have is that once you leave the secret area, you can't go back which is frustrating because I accidentally left it without getting my prize (I know it was my fault, but I was confused and I didn't know what was happening). Here are the bugs I've encountered so far(I know there's a bug report option, but I think I have to be logged in to their site to report it. Either that or I'm really dumb lol): Invisible objects and entitys in the overworld and in battle, killing or an enemy killing an ivisible entity crashes the game, game crashes whenever I complete the first Moltenasia quest. But this is still early access so obviously they're going to fix these bugs. Other than the bugs the game is great! (There's also lots of stale/dead memes in the game. This isn't really a complaint I'd just thought let people know lol)EDIT: I've found out that you can redo the secret area switches so that's nice!EDIT 2: The newest update fixed the invisible bug!"
76561198272015730,Recommended,291860,31366786,Posted: 25 April,all,rainbow_bloodbath,such a great game the beta execed my expectations and this is just wonderful
76561198067228180,Recommended,291860,33437559,Posted: 10 July,all,Supahz,"The Behemoth.That could probably be the whole review.  If you know the devs and the games the funny, inventive games they've made (all excellent), you know what to expect.  And expecting that, you won't be disappointed.  There's a reason or two why all Behemoth games are rated ""Overwhelmingly positive""... quality, humor, content, graphics, replay value.  Given that the game is already great fun and it's still in Early Access with more improvements and content to come, the sky's the limit on this one.Hold on to your butts and your babies."
76561198054299935,Recommended,291860,29303583,Posted: 16 January,all,Feadship,tfw you pay full price and not regret it the morning after.
76561198165716665,Recommended,291860,29342854,Posted: 18 January,all,Greyhound23,"Very exciting game. The behemoth never ceases to produce games that we all love. I highly recommend this game who has played and loved the other games they have made, and if you have not played them, please get this game. This will change what you thought you liked in a game."
76561197998566499,Recommended,291860,29345655,Posted: 18 January,all,Baron Brewzer,"Outstanding in depth strategy game, with a very fun twist!"
,Recommended,291860,29357410,Posted: 19 January,all,PureCrispyBacon,"It's hard to imagine what the world would have been like, before the bear gave us stale memes from 2011"
76561198048294960,Recommended,291860,29387637,Posted: 20 January,all,Oweenie,"This is going to be a really good game.So far in the early access, the game has a lot of explore and has lots of enjoyable moments even without the majority of a story mode. At first I thought the multiplayer would be odd and clunky, but its actually very well made with a few small bugs and lag issues that will always be found with early access games."
76561198063618790,Recommended,291860,29431071,Posted: 22 January,all,Kronzo,"I'm not one for many turn-based combat games. Xcom and Civ are my only exceptions honestly, and I'm not very good at either of them. I do enjoy them nonethless. Pit People was hanging on the edge for me; I love Behemoth and their games and humour, but the whole turn-taking thing was a bit of a step away from their usual slash-fest style. However, I had some money and time to spare so I thought I'd give their new game a real chance, and man, am I thankful I did. Pit People is a wonder (even in early access) to play. The usual from Behemoth can be expected: a crazy and cartoonish art style, over-the-top humour and stupidity, but the new direction this game takes is suprisingly well done and very simple yet fun to play. It doesn't require a whole lot of planning and thought like other turn-based games do. Simply move your characters to where you want them to go and they will attack who they think is the best, provided that they can. You can't target specific enemies, which I thought was awful at first, until I realised that all-in-all, it works very well. Depending on your weapon depends on how you attack. For example, melee weapons such as swords will be just one tile away for an attack to occur, but if a character say throws axes, you need to position them two tiles away instead so they can throw the axes towards an enemy. If they can target multiple enemies at once, they may split the damage if the AI deems it necessary to, or just attack one enemy for more damage. I like this simple formula that avoids the player themselves setting up positioning as well as attacks, and it's very easy once you get the hang of it. The combat isn't the most in-depth ever seen in a turn-based game, but in my opinion, it succeeds because of this. It creates a fast-paced action game where good positioning will win you the game, sort of like chess in a way. The other section is a pokemon styled run-around a map and find things game. You can seek out enemies that then take you into a more focused battle, and the best part is the quests, which allow for a lot of freedom to do what you want to do instead of sectioned levels. The story is crazy just like all of Behemoth's games, and I won't spoil it (even though there is only a certain amount of these story quests available currently) but there's a giant teddy bear that has crashed into the Earth. The narrator as always is ridiculous and funny. Customisation is plentiful and once again, outrageous. The hub town holds a market place for new fighters and weapons, an arena named the pit sort of like a colosseum as well as a home for you to mess with your characters and team.Overall, awesome game and a real treat to play. Simple, elegant, funny and over-the-top turn-based action with what seems to be a mind-boggling but intriguing story that never lets up on quick remarks, twists and plot. Support this game and Behemoth! They deserve it :D"
,Recommended,291860,29638990,Posted: 1 February,all,Д Ж И М,"Wholly original and preposterously funny,Pit Peopleproposes a refreshing whimsical approach to the turn-based strategy genre. Priceless narration, addictive gameplay and the hallmarkBehemothappearance piggybackPit Peopleinto the spotlight of contemporary digital pleasure and make it a title that you should unquestionably keep an eye on."
76561197991678009,Recommended,291860,29716033,Posted: 5 February,all,Curious Yellow,"I cant recommend this game enough. Early access limits the amount of main story missions quite heavily, but there are a metric♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of side quests to do (outside of the multiplayer challenges), and there is an insane amount of hats to busy yourself collecting.Think old school heroes of might and magic vs xcom vs pokemon, with a giant evil space bear that keeps rearranging the world map for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles.Oh and the soundrack is badass. Buy it!"
76561198207726275,Recommended,291860,29733388,Posted: 5 February,all,TheMomo,The only strategy game I've played and it's great funny humor the characters are unique and the missions are plentiful lots of items to collect and the multiplayer is good if your looking for a great strategy game this is one of them
76561197983432651,Recommended,291860,29750126,Posted: 6 February,all,malladram,makes me question my sanity... I LOVE IT!
,Recommended,291860,29751856,Posted: 6 February,all,KardaKAX,"There was a pixie called ""DLC Character"" with giant purple goggles on screaming at me about multiple excessively large piles of poop whilst simultaniously fingerblasting me with explosive firey death.This game is the pinacle of human achievement."
76561198064617446,Recommended,291860,29766410,Posted: 7 February,all,WILDY,Pit People is a solid strategy game with whimsically inventive design and storytelling. Congratulations once again to The Behemoth for yet again making a knockout debut to another genre.
,Recommended,291860,29794522,Posted: 8 February,all,Chibi,"Amazing game and amazing customer service!  I was having horrible frame rate issues, but the guys at Behemoth (shout out to Kevin) really helped me figure out that it was my bluetooth device (steam controller) that was causing poor game performance.  It took about 4 days to get this issue resolved and I am not playing a great game."
76561198121871920,Recommended,291860,29818193,Posted: 9 February,all,Иешуа,"What I like about Pit People:- I like the quirky art style.- Overall I like their take on turn-based gameplay.- It has the look and feel of their other various titles so that familiarity carries over.- Has over 1000 items and even more in terms of combinations and tactics for your team.- Developers took the time to keep everyone updated on all progress and feedback from this title.-----------------------------------What I don't like about Pit People:- The automated attacking order can sometimes prioritize characters who are (not) lowest in terms of health (that aren't Tanks). So basically you can sometimes die to A.I.'s behavior (dice roll death) I would like (some) control when a tanking target (isn't) in proximity of my attacker (but if you're creative you can get around this)... I just would like it to be easier, and function better overall in this matter/ situation.- You, joking, I love you all.------------------------------------If you're a fan of Behemoth games, this doesn't dissapoint in the least."
,Recommended,291860,30021922,Posted: 18 February,all,~Boda~,Yeah... its nice  :)
,Recommended,291860,30127266,Posted: 23 February,all,Fadorka,1 of the best Behmoth games I do enjoy the turn based strategy.I also enjoy the creating different looking people no one looks the same
76561197969229721,Recommended,291860,30185492,Posted: 25 February,all,Chk Chk Boom,"Great game, Dev is always looking to improve the game-play and balance it out.Commentary & collectables loots are hilarious - it's addictive like Pokemon 'gotta catch em all' but better by 10 folds.Even has an auto play function so i can test out my squad and various gear with winning loot in the end; even that is addictive - auto play."
,Recommended,291860,30316810,Posted: 4 March,all,SarcasmOverflow,"Did you ever feel, like your life was incomplete? Did you regret, not being able to shoot your enemies with a bow made from roses, while wearing a bow tie and a top hat?In this case, Pit People might be your saviour. This colourful and humorous turn-based strategy-game is not only easily accessible for rookies, but offers an enjoyable experience for everyone with a taste for absurd humour. While it does offer you a Co-op-mode, it is equally as fun to play just by yourself. Quests and fights do not take a lot of time, allowing for a player to drop in or out, even if he has merely a few minutes time. That said, the customization-feature would let you spend hours, equipping your recruits with ridiculous outfits and weapons, if you so desire. Quests and storylines are filled with pop-cultural references and the soundtrack is certainly unique.A minor point of criticism is the lack of information concerning status/wapon effects. For example, you can tell by purple bubbles surrounding them, that a character has been poisoned. However, it does not tell you, how long they are afflicted by it and how much damage they will suffer from it, in an easy way. This kind of information should be presented to the player in an unmistakable way.The game itself is nonetheless absolutely worthy of your attention and I can give a hearty recommendation to buy it, without the shadow of a doubt."
,Recommended,291860,32398537,Posted: 13 June,all,DongusBanger,"This game is repetitive... as in fun repeatedly. This is really good game for a few reasons. If you are a fan of turn based strategy games with a little pizzaz than this game is for you. There are hundreds of unlockables and tons of quests. Although some tasks are harder than they need to be, that adds some challenge to the game which is without a doubt a good thing. This game is great now and will be much better when the full game is released."
76561198272750256,Recommended,291860,32651782,Posted: 22 June,all,imcrazy,i have to say one eof the best early acces games out thier i will say its a short game but they keep updating it which is good but if you dont like turned based fighting games like xcom this might not be a good product for you i bought this right before it went on sale i dont really care cause its just a good game would highly reccomend if you like turne based fighting games also it has alot of humor in it like battle block and castle crashers
,Recommended,291860,32801155,Posted: 25 June,all,รpɑwɳ,"What was intended:testing out the game to see if it was good to keep playingWhat happened:Good hours of gameplay.is good game? yes, is very good game"
76561198107905924,Recommended,291860,33570677,Posted: 15 July,all,Asian Cowboy Ninja Dude,"TL:DR? Charming, Psychotic, and Lemony FreshThe Behemoth once again bring their charming artstyle and unceasably comedic dialogue to the strategy realm, with hints of the team member catching of pokemon, thousands of unit cosmetics with varying functionality seen in every other jrpg, and the afforementioned charm from Battleblock & Castle Crashers.Quests and Characters are spread accross the world that inexplicably want to kill you just for 'almost running them over with your wagon.' Reference after reference is hidden everywhere from the NPCs, to the Areas, and even the occasional hairstyle. You wrap yourself into this world of crazy people as a gang of fanged beasts attempt to destroy all our precious cow painted ten-gallon hats, just to give an example of some of the thing you can encounter (and no I did not make that up.)With the 20 different races to catch (one of them is a clone of another) of varying pros, cons, & strategies entailing them. Each one brings a new set of rules to follow and it's up to you how you want to utilize them in battle as a few are flexible enough to fit different roles. With synergies galore and a new weapon/hat/shield earned after every battle, no one team ever feels the same (unless of course you made it be the same as another team.)One of it's prime features is the thing that the title speaks of, THE PIT, a multiplayer battle arena where you can duke it out 1v1, 2v2, or face 3 waves back-to-back alone or with a friend by your side. With gold cosmetics able to win via the tournament, you'll be able to show off your champions in their new beautiful outfits in no time!The biggest problem with the game atm is that its story is missing, something clearly stated by The Behemoth. Although the multiplayer has been the star of their last two games, the story shed light onto the land's lore and brought it's own crowd of players there for a singleplayer experience. I can't feel truly satisfied with this greatness until I see an end to the story, HOWEVER, the core gameplay mechanics are still enough to bring you to enjoy and play it while still in it's early access. If you want to go through the story in one fell swoop then you should wait til full release, however if you're fine with it's currently unfinished ORDER TODAY!"
,Recommended,291860,34165100,Posted: 11 August,all,It's time to lewd ;v,"So far the game is very funny and charming. The art style is very nice to the eyes, cartoon fits the tone of the game very well. The writing is hilarious and Stamper (the narrator) nails it with this performance. The game hosts a wide variety of characters to ""recruit"" and a plethora of weapons, armour, and shields to equip your people with. The interactions between characters are fun. The story is very fun and is added upon by the interesting characters within the main story and the side story characters are also very well written. Did I mention this game is funny as hell?There are so many more ways I can praise this game, but I'll get to a few problems the game has. 1) I have encountered a few bugs (obviously this is easily fixable) 2) The combat is a bit unusual to me, still. I understand how the combat works it's just I wish I could select who to attack instead of it being decided for me. 3) The overworld, whilst fun, is kinda boring to go across. Now I get it, all games need to have down time to pace things out; but the overworld in this game has some weird hitboxes that makes going across it somewhat annoying. You'll occasionally get stuck on a water tile that you're no where near, for example. One case that I encountered was I couldn't go through a mountain pass (it was a 1 tile wide ""road"" with mountains on both sides) because of the weird hitboxes on the mountains. Though there are several other ways to get to where you're going this still provides a ""*sigh* really?"" moment.These are the problems I've encountered with the game. Now, don't get me wrong, there are SOOOOO many more things to like about this game(I've listed a few in the first paragraph.) Overall I recommend this game to pretty much anyone looking for a fun game or a good strategy game. The equipment system in this game isn't innovative by any means, but they've mastered it and it has some depth to it. I don't like giving ratings but it's a good way to communicate the quality of a game.8.5/10 I would buy it again"
,Recommended,291860,34639695,Posted: 31 August,all,rjm24551,I just plain love Behemoth games. Their quirkiness and ability to make different game styles fascinate me and I'm hooked with this game. The customizability and coop mode make this game infinitely re playable. Cant wait for update 5!
,Recommended,291860,34990848,Posted: 16 September,all,Galaxy Lord,"For some reason, I'm reviewing this now even tho i got the game at release. The reason i got this so quickly was because it was from the creators of Castle Crashers. The campaign is quite short. There are heaps of side quests, At times hillarious humor. To a unrealistic god-like bear that can rain acid to child eating enemys (Not really it's just they're name and they're speech is why they are child eating). The artstyle is creative, It's got unique elements ti the game, heaps of characters/enemys that you can recruit so you can use them in battle. Heaps of weapons but, I THINK there is only 3 types of weapons, Swords, Maces and bows. Why i said heaps of weapons is because there are heaps of weapons that go into each of those 3 groups of weapons. Overall great game i'm not a fan of turn based games but this game was really addicting to me even tho it wasn't my favourite TYPE of game. You don't need to like turn based to enjoy thi great game."
,Recommended,291860,29329728,Posted: 17 January,all,Dat Boi,Although im still fairly new to this game I like the play style and the humor. Keep up the great work Behemoth!
,Recommended,291860,29705992,Posted: 4 February,all,scary link,"the story is short because its early axe-sex, but denk story"
,Recommended,291860,29710514,Posted: 4 February,all,Alan Coolton,it's pretty good tbh
,Recommended,291860,29735758,Posted: 5 February,all,Guitarfast,"Thank you for this great game, Behemoth."
76561197975878000,Recommended,291860,29748923,Posted: 6 February,all,DragonHunter54,"As a foreword this review was posted on the 6/2/17 and is with regards to the early access version of the game.Pit people is a delightful little strategy game by The Behemoth with narration by Will Stamper. In other words if you enjoyed the zany comedy of Battleblock Theatre, Castle Crashers or Alien Hominid then you will probably enjoy the style of humour found here. Whether it is the main 'story', multipart quests or the shorter sidequests the dialogue is constistently funny without getting too repetitive.The gameplay is a simplistic turn based combat system that takes place over a hexagonal grid. You assemble a team via collecting new units by defeating enemy armies and then customising them with various collectible items, mostly cosmetics but with some offering varied stats or attack styles. While the player's control over their units is limited (you pick where they move but not who they attack) your ability to customise the contents of your team adds a lot of depth to what you can do. Fans of games such as X-Com or Fire Emblem will likely enjoy what the game has to offer but it is also accessible enough for players new to the genre.Multiplayer operates smoothly with no real connection problems and offers both local and online co-op and versus. While some units may currently be considered suboptimal and others might be considered above average there is no feeling of there being a single perfect team composition in multiplayer, versus matches often featuring relatively varied teams.At present the main concern to be had with the game is that it is incomplete. Considering the low price I'd say even in it's unfinished state you will likely get your monies worth, especially as it seems bug free (in my experience at least) but if you are only planning to play the single player content you might want to wait for the full release. At present the storyline  consists of the tutorial content and a single mission, with numerous subquests and 4 quest chains also available. Hopefully the full release will expand upon this considerably, ideally with additional unit types being added as well."
76561198060766847,Recommended,291860,29750756,Posted: 6 February,all,b0ss (Kirk),"Truly an amazing game. Fun strategic gameplay a great cosmetic customization and flavor. Just one request from the devs, please add a button to the game that removes all equipped items from characters that are not in your roster so that its easier to give my team the best equipment i have in my inventory. You guys are great devs."
76561198157772293,Recommended,291860,29771808,Posted: 7 February,all,Communist Canada,"What a great game! Its only been released this year and I already spent 30 hours playing the game! There is a lot to do in this game, quests, collect different races, collect cool looking loot, customize your team (theme teams are fun), etc.I am having a ton of fun with this game so far, I am excited to see what they come up with in future updates!I give it a 9/10, because it is still in early access, the main story is far from complete, and more races and loot need to be added, new weapon ideas would be cool too. (Like a spear perhaps?)Anyway, its a great game and DEFINITELY worth every dollar!"
,Recommended,291860,29823849,Posted: 10 February,all,LazyFridge [Sloth],"I picked up Pit People because I played BattleBlock Theatre with one of my friends. We decided to both pick up the game without looking at any in-game footage or reviews ahead of time, to go in blindly, and it was 100% worth it. We both agreed that we may not have picked it up, just because it's turn based. (neither of us like turn based games in any sense) but neither of reget buying the game, and we plan on playing a lot more in the future. 10/10."
,Recommended,291860,29837159,Posted: 10 February,all,TrapsAren'tGay,"This game is like fire emblem and castle crashers had a baby. but then fire emblem left castle crashed and got with battle block and when the baby came battle block realized it wasen't his so they had another baby, and then those two babyes (castle crashers's and battleblock's) got together and THEY made a baby, but it was deformed, so then this happenedits fun"
,Recommended,291860,29890190,Posted: 12 February,all,Confixil,"First of all, kudos to whoever the person was who came up with the majority of the item names and character names for the whole game. Truely amazing. Personally I am extremely happy with the path this game is going to. It already seems complete as it is! And there is more to come?! Truely an amazing game. Would suggest this game to anyone who enjoys Behemoth games along with hilarious story and monologue."
,Recommended,291860,29970807,Posted: 16 February,all,The Chocolate Factory,I dont know how it's fun... but im addicted
,Recommended,291860,30022105,Posted: 18 February,all,Lucky | gamekit.com,This game is a fun game to play with a really funny storyline. It has very cute graphics and is very easy to learn.
76561198178283189,Recommended,291860,30326867,Posted: 4 March,all,DarkLuigi Games,Best game I played yet!Singleplayer:Epic Story (WAITING FOR MORE!)Tough Side MissionsBest Side Quest Series (The Final part of each is so INSANE!)Crazy Monsters!Multiplayer:Nothing but Close Games.Nothing but pure destruction every match.Win or Lose? Didn't care because I had too much Fun.I got the game just 5 days ago and I really can't wait for more updates and then the final release. I would to see more monsters though to add more of a variety in statregies.
76561198198255771,Recommended,291860,30477753,Posted: 12 March,all,Nukab0y,If you love turn-based games then give this game a go. The combat mechanics are great and the humor makes this title even better!
,Recommended,291860,30640479,Posted: 20 March,all,Classical Literature,The giant chicken mascot inspires me every day
76561198122074642,Recommended,291860,30646844,Posted: 20 March,all,Foxxx,"its the best game ever, and its only getting better"
,Recommended,291860,30926723,Posted: 3 April,all,Gabe and Kevo,"I've a grand ol' time with this game. I don't have have much negative to say, other than the fact that I feel like leveling is completely arbitrary, so it doesn't... exactly feel like an RPG to me. I love it, though."
,Recommended,291860,31043592,Posted: 9 April,all,"Comics fan , gamer , slight weeb","First off I want to say this game is still in Early Access , when I'm writing this review. This is a turn-based strategy made by the Behemoth. At first It didn't sound promising to me , but I decided to buy it. And I do not regret that. I enjoyed this game a lot because of the unique Behemoth art style and all the humor. But the game lacks a little bit in story content. The story quests can be finished in around 2-4 hours. I'm more into the story of the Behemoth games , so I stopped playing after that and a few side quests. Sure , there are a lot of side quests but I'm not really interested into those. That doesn't mean I don't like the game , it just means that there's a lack in story content but it's still fun to play. I've stopped playing it for now but I will continue to play when more Story quests are added. The music , environment , voices and everything else is top-notch. I give this game an 8/10 ,"
,Recommended,291860,33168621,Posted: 2 July,all,Nixon,A superb game.
76561198318950536,Recommended,291860,34135721,Posted: 9 August,all,CORMONNO,Behemoth is like one of those companys you cant hate.their games are always awesome and this game even though early access its still a great game with great turnbased mechanics and great artwork as usaual and funny chracters. so do i recommend this game yes.buy it its awesome
76561198308322604,Recommended,291860,34181366,Posted: 11 August,all,Moïse,"More, give me more please."
,Recommended,291860,34208213,Posted: 13 August,all,Irish Of Nugget,"This is an amazing game and probably my favorite ""Behemoth"" game to be made since ""Castle Crashers"" I love this game and it is so far astonishing for an Early Access game I will now give my pros and cons (by the way this review will change when the full game is released)Pros-Combat is unique and interesting and is really fun-The Behemoth has an amazing art style ""Dan Paladin"" is a very talented artist and I hope he stays the artist of these games he is awesome I love his art style-I don't know who wrote the dialogue but they did an awesome job as well and there are some really really funny lines said by characters through out the game all around the comedy is really good-The amount of quests you can do is amazing there are a lot of side quests sadly there aren't many Story Quests but that is only because the game is in Early Access so it's forgivable-The amount of characters you can recruit and fight is amazing and they all have really cool looking designs-All the weapons, shields, bows, and just all the items in this game are amazing there are so many of them and they all look really good-The limited amount of story in this game so far is really interesting and I am very excited to see how the story goes on from where it is now-Awesome music the people that made the music did an absolutely amazing job I love the music-The amount of stuff in the overworld is just perfectly doneCons-The sound an enemy makes when they see you in the overworld is a tad annoying especially if there are a lot of enemies that notice youVerdict-Great art style love it-Unique combat system I love it-Awesome soundtrack-Amazing amount of quests to do really make this game's runtime longer-Overworld is really interesting-The sound enemies make when noticing you is a tad annoying**Score 10/10**(This score may change when the game is fully released)"
,Recommended,291860,34961554,Posted: 14 September,all,KamikazeHamster,"I hate turn-based games, but Pit People is my one exception. With the recognizable style of humor from the Behemoth, hilarious dialogue, unique characters, and Will Stamper's voice, I couldn't put the game down. Even after I completed the unfinished story, there was still plenty for me to do. I can't wait until this game comes out of early access!"
,Recommended,291860,29495195,Posted: 25 January,all,Turtles Ad Infinitum,"This game is simply fantastic. There is no better way to get yourself to laugh than by playing this game. I have played a bit since Early access and more during the beta, and the amount of unique interactions to be had with the world is unmatched. This game is so well made and gameplay is so satisfying. Good job again Behemoth."
,Recommended,291860,29496524,Posted: 25 January,all,★★AGENT OF ANAL★★,"Game is perfect in every aspect, May profit come behemoths way, BTW your game does not need microtransactions I have no idea whether that cancer was a joke or not."
,Recommended,291860,29515847,Posted: 26 January,all,WeebMeiWaifu,"This is an amazing game!When I saw what type of game this was it was an automatic turn off. I don't like the turn based genre. After seeing YouTubers playing it, I decided to give it a try. I fell in LOVE! Behemoth turned the genre into a more simpler, less complicated game (which I love). This game is another masterpiece from Behemoth. The quests are fun, the narrator (I'm so happy they brought him into this game) is hilariously dark, and 'The Pit' is the cherry on top. Battleing 2v2 is so much fun! I'm so glad they made it 2v2 instead of just 1v1 because then I can blame my failures on my team mate. But seriously, it is much better working together than grinding on your own. The last game I played (in the pit), I was going to keep one of my characters where they were and didn't realize there was a way better spot, but my teammate shook his cursor in the direction of where I should move my character and I avoided a careless mistake. I can't wait to tell my friends to buy this game and play 2v2 with them!Another feature I like is the ""pokemon"" feel when I recruit an enemy that looks super cool and then being able to customize them. I LOVE the ability to customize my team. I LOVE even more the crazy weapons and hats you can equip to make your characters look like whatever you want them to look like! I made my cyclops have Sofia's head. (looks so weird).Behemoth, my hat's off to you for making another amazing, extremely customizable, and simple/fast to play. I spent only 28 minutes each doing two games in the pit and managed to get up to the top of the leaderboard. (I'm not trying to brag BTW). People are probably passing me right now :(. Anyways, I can't express how much joy this game has brought me! The gameplay is fun, interesting, and does require skill. (and good characters. obviously).VERDICT:Totally worth the $15! Buy right now! Even if you don't like the genre, you will like it after playing this game! Behemoth always turns an ordinary genre of games into an amazing, totally wacky, and hilarious one! Castle Crashers, Battleblock Theater, and especially Pit People are all examples of the genius of Behemoth! MUST BUY!"
76561198077177942,Recommended,291860,29532207,Posted: 27 January,all,Chill 1 Mol,BLA BLE TAKALAA MIMOP KEK HAHAA! Already GOTY contender!
,Recommended,291860,29555159,Posted: 28 January,all,JustOlive,Very fun. Never though I would like a turned based game.
,Recommended,291860,29756749,Posted: 6 February,all,subservient chicken,"oh   my   lordI had an extra $20 after buying Witcher 3 so I browsed the featured section of the store looking for a good title and came across Pit People. I bought and installed the game and I didn't put it down until I finished the main story. I mostly play first person shooters like CS and I'm not really into strategy games so I came into this game thinking ""I'll probably enjoy it, it's  made byBehemoth after all."" and came out thinking ""That was amazing""!The one problem I have with this game is that the main story is way too short, seeing as it's an early access game. I hope Behemoth keeps working on this wonderful game and finishes the main story."
76561198044057845,Recommended,291860,29872116,Posted: 12 February,all,ryj3k,"Amazing game, the campaign is short but very humorous, the amout of possible customization is huge. Multiplayer PVE and PVP modes are well implemented. The game is great. 10/10 . Doesn't get boring."
76561198068187068,Recommended,291860,29878196,Posted: 12 February,all,legotank1110,"This game even though it is still in development is so much fun! The world reminds me of The land of Ooooh from Adventure Time, just exchange the mushroom war with a giant six-legged space bear collision, the knife storm with emerald bear blood, and just overall hillarity. The gameplay almost reminds me of the old heroscape board game, except with more blood. The narrator is absolutly hillarious and is by far my favorite one of any games I have played. The story, albeit short due to early access, is so wacky and out there that how can you not love it? I have only come across one bug that prevented scrolling down (select pit people) but was remedied by a exit and reopening of the game. This game is very polished in its current state and I can't wait for more story, units, or anything from this game. If you like turn-based strategy with a mix of humor and blueberries, I would definitly recomend picking this game up."
,Recommended,291860,29881369,Posted: 12 February,all,Krazymanic,Big fan of the Behemoth. Fun game not much yet but it's early access so there should be more content.
,Recommended,291860,29931264,Posted: 14 February,all,JackInThe[BOX],"This is one of the best turn based games I've played in a very long time.  Behemoth has brought along their typical humor (Castle Crashers and BattleBlock Theater style) and has really improved on their storytelling (albiet extremely short story currently in game).  I'm not typically a huge fan of turn based games, but this feels a lot like a board game when playing with very large risk/rewards with every move you make that make the game exciting to play for hours on end.  All hours that I have played currently have been co-op and everything seems fairly balanced and challenging as far as story missions go.  Have not attempted PVP yet.  Overall I would highly recommend this game. It's very addicting right from the start, and hard to put down each session.  Devs seem to be updating this which is nice to see, however it is still very early in it's life.  I look forward to continuing to play this game and any future updates Behemoth adds to it.  Well worth the $15 asking price, and a must buy if it ever ends up on sale."
,Recommended,291860,30377166,Posted: 7 March,all,Blooky,The best thinga bout the behemoth is that they are the best
,Recommended,291860,29522831,Posted: 27 January,all,periurban,"Still in early access, but quite a fair price as these things go, especially from a dev with a good rep.The game may or may not be close to the finished article, I don't know, but there are a few obvious gaps in gamplay styles. I'm not sure what their plans are, but i hope they don't mess it up by trying to be too clever or add nonsense.Basically, leave the city, capture monsters/heroes, use them in battle. There are no paid perks and after a short time of yomping around the map I'd picked up a few characters to play with. I'm not sure the balancing is quite right, and the leaderboard is very basic and does nothing to encourage participation.But the real strength of Pit People is in the actual battle gameplay, which is very straightforward and easy to get to grips with. I'm not sure if the game is designed for tablets too, but it has that vibe. You command your troop movements, but they decide what to do when they get there. Sometimes that's a joy, other times a pain.I liked the game, and I have definately had a great time with it and got my money's worth. But I will wait now for the launch version and take it up again then.In the meantime I'd have no hesitation in recommending this game to anyone who likes turn based strategy. It isn't Advance Wars, but it's still pretty good."
76561198151600327,Recommended,291860,29525875,Posted: 27 January,all,EyeWatches,Beat the story in the early access mode.  very fun.  They did a great job adding variables to the combat throughout the progress of the game.  If they can do that throughout the completed game then this could very well be a masterpiece.
,Recommended,291860,29529880,Posted: 27 January,all,webwin,"I like the game, obviously needs a lot more story, i personally feel this game is i good way to pass the time with as stated over 1300+ items and an already large amount of acheivement i just want trading cards and badges to be implemented cuz im dying for dat lvl five , i feel the online tourneys should have variation like a daily and weekly one or something rather than just a daily one that an repeat its self at times"
76561198076637048,Recommended,291860,29521644,Posted: 27 January,all,DinoNinja87,"A friend and I recently purchased the game for eachover as we are both big Behometh fans. We were not dissapointed. After playing it for almost 6 hours straight these are my impressions:The level of customisable aspects for characters seems equally as vast as in previous titles.There is also a plethora of completely different characters, with even the weirder characters seeming to fit well into the world that they have made (e.g the cupcake that heals others by flinging little bits of themselves at allies)The main story that is currently in the games has very funny and well made cutscences and dialogue if a little short (But that is to be expected with an early access game and is more than made up for with things like the Pit or Insane Difficulty Mode)Their appears to be a wide number of sidequests and random things to do.My only complaint is the weight system for equipping weapons and armor makes choosing some of the cooler weapons annoying as it involves having to reshuffle the rest of the equipment.Definitely worth the purchase and I look forward to further content being added!"
76561198026781895,Recommended,291860,29521835,Posted: 27 January,all,jettday2,"What can I say it's a Behemoth Game.The game is funny, packed with good looking items and has a whole bunch of unique and fun characters.I was never a fan of strategy games but somehow Behemoth managed to make a fantastic game in a genre that i don't even like. That's how you know The Behemoth is on a roll with their game making."
76561198055410860,Recommended,291860,29529224,Posted: 27 January,all,Dipsy,"Some Small things like, letting us zoom in and out on our turns should be added/fixedOtherwise great game, i do reccomend"
,Recommended,291860,33800366,Posted: 25 July,all,froggy??,this game is just fire emblem but more behemoth. good game.
,Recommended,291860,30417499,Posted: 9 March,all,A Clever Name,Have you ever wanted to play Fire Emblem on drugs?Play this instead! You don't need a dealer and it has PVP so you can yell at your friends.
,Recommended,291860,32692078,Posted: 23 June,all,potatendon,just buy thisalso gluten's expression is amazing
,Recommended,291860,30913676,Posted: 2 April,all,quench my hearse,behemoth game 4 woohoo
,Recommended,291860,33389784,Posted: 8 July,all,Delicious Drink,"While I do like this game and recommend it, I have refunded it, and am planning on waiting for its full release. I did enjoy it, its has Behemoths great humor and art style. I recommend this game further if you own castle crashers and Battle Block Theater."
,Recommended,291860,30676671,Posted: 22 March,all,Shady,"Narrator: - I SAID HORATIO DIES!!! *giant furry arm smashes Horatio's house,with his son in it*- OOPS! BUTTERFINGERS!!!"
76561198136644600,Recommended,291860,30988648,Posted: 6 April,all,Nova64,I LOVE this game!!! I owned all the others and they all were great. I reccomend this. But HEY why are you reading this instead of buying this game.
76561198085153574,Recommended,291860,30880637,Posted: 1 April,all,Bollo,"Great game, especially to play with friends tooOnly issue I have is that it is uncomplete but that will be fixed soon enough, if you're into turn based rpgs with the style of humour The Behemoth deliver, definitely recommend"
,Recommended,291860,29911992,Posted: 13 February,all,Chips,masterpiece
,Recommended,291860,30298447,Posted: 3 March,all,ErikJirathip,I love the beta so far
,Recommended,291860,30679364,Posted: 22 March,all,CrazyConnorGaming,its boss
,Recommended,291860,29503954,Posted: 26 January,all,ikidAntonio,"Love the game, Behemoth always does a great job at making something new and still fun to play without confusing the players. very easy to learn if you have never played a game in this genre.looking forward to the official release and the story mode!"
,Recommended,291860,29619277,Posted: 31 January,all,pride,its good buy it.
76561198140400742,Recommended,291860,29436402,Posted: 22 January,all,Tykaman,"Hey, It's pretty good. Will require a lot of grinding to get all the stuff though!"
,Recommended,291860,30342361,Posted: 5 March,all,ExtraFresh,It's awesome. Didn't expect PVP to feel that good. Singleplayer is fun and the story is hillarious. Not much else to say 10/10
76561198230547108,Recommended,291860,33727577,Posted: 22 July,all,TheyCallMeDanger,"Hi, guys. I used to play the great titles from the Behemoth (BBT and Castle Crashers). Solo or together with my best friend, I crossed the best experience that my cardboard PC could never get me. Marvelous music. Original humour. Gameplay (well, not so unique but as comfy as sitting in a couch with hot cocoa). Men that look like tofu or mozarella. Those were the most awesome beat'em up and platforming I've payed. Then Pit People was announced. ""Well, after 2 beat'em all and 1 platform game, they begun to devellop a tactical RPG round by round. I don't hope it can be greater than previous titles but let's make a try. Also, this game is an early acces, so..."" I was so wrong. They make it so way better in everything that define an RPG. Ok, I noticed some light issues with sub-titles and interface. But the story is so promising, that I can't keep my poor human eyeballs on such ridiculous problems. [/spoiler if you guys beat battleblock theater and liked it, you'll love the revelation about the narrator].Behemoth please, continue this way and never change. Thank you.P.S. One question. I received the security cat from BBT on Pit People. Where it is ? I can't found it."
,Recommended,291860,29264806,Posted: 14 January,all,[Monster Ink] PatoRadioativo,"I'm a artist and love Behemoth art style & humor, I'm a big fan of this guys, and I was waiting a long time for this game, Just buy it.Spread the word for ur friends.10/10(and really hope the game have a workshop, so I'll make something for this)"
,Recommended,291860,29262954,Posted: 14 January,all,Kalogrym,"A simply wonderful game that, even in it's early access state, is a lot more fun than some of my ""finished"" games in my library.  Behemoth was reading my mind with this title. A fun turned based game with loot and customization.Outstanding!"
,Recommended,291860,29312251,Posted: 17 January,all,F I T C H Y,Great game!Not even finished yet!Buy it yo!
76561198118854033,Recommended,291860,30970820,Posted: 5 April,all,Endpunk,Pit People is an awesome game and everyone knows that!-anyone can get into it-funny story-awesome multiplayer-ridiculous items-awesome style-music is great-etc
76561198134122159,Recommended,291860,33064253,Posted: 30 June,all,Fire,Great game !
,Recommended,291860,29341876,Posted: 18 January,all,mo1016,"Fast pace turn base RPG for everyone. Single player, coop, vs, are all great. I haven't had this much fun playing a turn base RPG since...ever. Even the early access version is worth the price. BUY IT!"
76561198196494343,Recommended,291860,29335933,Posted: 18 January,all,Magic_taco,I've never played a game by Behemoth but this one is magnificent. I would highly recommend it.
,Recommended,291860,29439507,Posted: 23 January,all,Lust,I caught a cyclops named Four Eyes.10/10 game.
,Recommended,291860,31168684,Posted: 15 April,all,Awful Citizen,Super fun game with both amazing single player and co-op gameplay.  If only they released it on macOS as well.
,Recommended,291860,29638211,Posted: 1 February,all,𝓚𝓪𝓵𝒆𝒆 ✿,Can't wait 'til it's finished. 11/10.
,Recommended,291860,29326589,Posted: 17 January,all,DarkMist,Another game from the Behemoth. Do I need to say more?
,Recommended,291860,29477914,Posted: 24 January,all,tjtheturtleisawesome,"Behemoth never disappoints. A new refreshing game with great art and fun gameplay, Pit People is just like Behemoth's other classic games with the humor, voice acting, and ridiculous weapons and cosemetics to match. :) I usually don't get into strategy and turn based games, but Pit People makes those who aren't interested in that genre love it. Such a weird combination of genres comes together in Pit People, and it's great. There is so much to do in Pit People, and I can't wait to see what Behemoth has in store for the full release of this game. Since it is still in development, some things are not complete(like the story), but there is much to explore. They are very attentive to the community as many major improvements from Beta recommended from the community and I love that. Tutorial is much better now and so are the animations since beta. Current early access price of $15 is a good deal, considering how well developed and different this game is from other mainstream games. (After early access the price will go up to $20).Some cons to the game are the controls for mouse+keyboard. The game was designed for Xbox, and is best played on a controller. It's still ok though, but if you don't have a controller, you may find it annoying. There is also no world map, and the screen makes it hard to see sometimes while traveling. It is different and a cool idea, but can be frustrating.P.S there is a LOT of grinding(it is part RPG). If that's not your thing, then don't get this game.Thank you for another wonderful game, Behemoth <3"
,Recommended,291860,29489936,Posted: 25 January,all,Wixonater,"After hearing a new Behemoth game came out I went crazy, yet I was also scared that I would not live up to expectations. I have played both Castle Crashers and Battleblock theater. This game has definitely exceeded expectations EVEN in early access. Can't wait to see the full game come out."
,Recommended,291860,30238829,Posted: 28 February,all,TheSillyBoy,Dem tunes doe!
76561198120818234,Recommended,291860,29347833,Posted: 18 January,all,Ronnoc,"This game is amazing, even for early access.Gameplay - 10/10Music - 10/10Characters - 10/10Graphics - 10/10 (If you like cartoonish graphics)Need I say more?"
,Recommended,291860,31496263,Posted: 1 May,all,Canada,"Quirky, fun adventure game. Once it gets out of EA it'll be amazing. It's a Behemoth game, of course it will!I LOVE YOU BEHEMOTH"
,Recommended,291860,29436818,Posted: 22 January,all,Sirwinsalot,Help me
,Recommended,291860,31070132,Posted: 10 April,all,FlyingFord,10/10 amazing game and probaly my favorite stragedy game of all time
,Recommended,291860,31537190,Posted: 4 May,all,音乐播放器第一,"Funny game as always, keep up the good work behemoth!"
76561198036251286,Recommended,291860,29293495,Posted: 16 January,all,Tangible Raptor,You want this game
,Recommended,291860,29632177,Posted: 1 February,all,Dragonhunt | Need To Change Name,Behemoth make games. GOOD GAMES. Im waiting for full version because I ended this game.
76561198202859502,Recommended,291860,31023956,Posted: 8 April,all,Ezra,This is so far my favortie game Made by the behmoth. its better the bbt and casle crashers but they still hold a special place in my heart. If your looking for a Real good game Buy this game
,Recommended,291860,29593919,Posted: 30 January,all,Moo Beast,My archer has an arrow that shoots bows. Thats pretty neat.
76561198212651501,Recommended,291860,30953611,Posted: 4 April,all,|Ci5| Wigface,"just wow..... adventure time with a grown up twist. the sound track is amazing the gameplay is good and the narrator is the best. i couldnt even do this game justice, its awesome"
76561198121625007,Recommended,291860,29233079,Posted: 13 January,all,Matt,That narration
76561198262003899,Recommended,291860,32923597,Posted: 28 June,all,Order 66ed,10/5
,Recommended,291860,29293032,Posted: 16 January,all,tsx123,The game very good and fun and funny
76561198125911332,Recommended,291860,29327918,Posted: 17 January,all,Dr. Tsak,They've done it again!
,Recommended,291860,30162184,Posted: 25 February,all,About Tree Fiddy,An enemy named Easy XP took out half my squad..10/10
76561198050660918,Recommended,291860,31153925,Posted: 15 April,all,Talek,This game is fantastic! Keep going and create new quests becouse it has potential ;)
,Recommended,291860,29280991,Posted: 15 January,all,-=cannbis_lover1999™=-,it's made by behemoth
76561198056459056,Recommended,291860,29330380,Posted: 17 January,all,Ene7,"It's great, but it's still in the oven being cooked."
,Recommended,291860,30907574,Posted: 2 April,all,kuvasz,Too many memes and possibilities not to enjoy.
76561198017659463,Recommended,291860,29615126,Posted: 31 January,all,J0hnn3yV,"I bought this game because of a user going by the name (at the time) ""I>U"". Profilehttp://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198132360016He has put a negitive review up bashing on the developers and ranting about some inain garbage. The bigest problem he seems to have is, a claim he has about the developers ""Deleting posts."" I then posted asking a few questions, and stating he   was the reason I bought the game.After posting this less then 2 hours later, my comments on his posts where deleted, and questions as to why where deleted.As such I have decided to, inspired by that individual, give this game a positive review. Not because I'm a fan boy, not because I enjoy the game, (from what I have I do), but because one little cry baby is two faced enough, to B*tch about developers and then do exactly what he claims they are doing.""Edit"" Friend got the game and we played through it as it is now (June). Love the game totally recommend. Recommend all the more if you like/loved/enjoyed castlle crashers, battleblock theater or any of the others the company has produced."
76561197970419419,Recommended,291860,31637067,Posted: 8 May,all,Yellow Penguin,ok.first things first.I hate turn based Strategy games.I dont like RPGs unless they're MMOsI hate pokemon.Then one day the Devs. The Behemoth. release this game for just $15.I bought it cuz  the art and humor sorta reminded me of Adventure Time.I sit down and play the first 3 hours LMAO at everything.Like leaving a poop trail after leaving town to find my way back.Learning how to pokemon the monster i want.figuring out the best positions for my aggressive force.Like i said i hate these types of games.....But....this one has a certain charm that keeps me hooked.i think its the music.i think its the graphics.i think its the silly level of customization involved with each character in your party roster (6)what i really think the main reason why i love this game so much is that ive grown to become a lazy pot head over the past 20 years.... all these next gen games make me feel pathetic because of the high skill cap involved with them...except this one... i can just chill and enjoy something that goes well with my buzzIts a must buy for you pot heads like me who just wanna chill and enjoy a game
,Recommended,291860,35212453,Posted: 25 September,all,Flameik,"Love it, quirky and weird in the best ways and this is only the start, early access means but wait theres more!"
,Recommended,291860,30953380,Posted: 4 April,all,A Formal Feline,Great game with good humor! I would reccomend this to people that like a good joke and to people who love strategy games!
,Recommended,291860,30500678,Posted: 13 March,all,CσSмιC BℓσBσ,"Game is gud i recomenadk it d is for ssg odis  gud game and vert funyt.. is grea to ply wit myself because i have noi  friends or loved ones any more. i used the rest of my life sabings on this game and it is very gud,. i would cook up my child and eat him  just to have enough strentght to ply one more quest in this game."
,Recommended,291860,29392814,Posted: 21 January,all,Lil Loco,10/10 Love It
,Recommended,291860,29312936,Posted: 17 January,all,darkevelator,"For an early access game there's a surprising amount of content. Whether it's making a new team comp or finding some new quests out in the wild, or doing PvP in the pit, there is an endless stream of content to play through in this current state of the game. The humor is on point just as all Behemoth games are and the concept of the game is simple and well executed. I normally don't like recommending early access games but this is an exception."
,Recommended,291860,29409590,Posted: 21 January,all,Delf Farmskins.com,good
76561198137304252,Recommended,291860,31143365,Posted: 14 April,all,ImTheOdd1,"REALLY GOOD GAME, 8/1010/10 When FULL GAME IS OUT!!Get now tho you get full game 5 bucks off!"
76561198165417777,Recommended,291860,29809073,Posted: 9 February,all,i have crippling autism,DIS GON BE GUD
76561198255612273,Recommended,291860,29808686,Posted: 9 February,all,spoopy sheckle,dis..dis is good very good
76561197996484023,Recommended,291860,33192359,Posted: 3 July,all,Kage Goomba,"""Horatio gave his blueberries...""""*mumbled mutterings*""""I SAID HE GAVE HIS BLUEBERRIES""10/10 - Will play again..and again..and again.Cant-stop-laughing.....:D"
,Recommended,291860,30513368,Posted: 14 March,all,postal dude,the best early access game right now.
76561197992773489,Recommended,291860,30107615,Posted: 22 February,all,zDraco,its funny and i loved the art
76561198028809323,Recommended,291860,29694124,Posted: 4 February,all,P3454nt,its from behemoth. that should be all you need to know
76561198033934665,Recommended,291860,29336553,Posted: 18 January,all,Kormag,Amazing
,Recommended,291860,29278068,Posted: 15 January,all,quit or pro,"FUN OF THE YEARand the best game from ""The Behemoth"" so far"
,Recommended,291860,29284311,Posted: 15 January,all,Mario Andretti,hilariously okayishly fun as ♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,291860,29731992,Posted: 5 February,all,SkiLLzThAtKiLL88,"Great game 10/10, would have still perfered castle crashers 2 though."
,Recommended,291860,29350257,Posted: 18 January,all,Diewolfe,"First of all, i have never heard of the behemoth. But, i have played games at newgrounds a long time ago and it was fun. I was looking at some indie rogue like games and suddenly i saw castle crashers a few weeks ago. Then, i saw that pit people will be releasing on 13th January.After watching a few gameplay videos, I bought the game on that day and knowing that it is release as early access. i have played turn based strategy like ff tactics and tactics ogre. This game definately attract my interest. For me, i really like the humor that resembles rick and morty. The animation that resembles adventure time and catchy soundtrack. The gameplay is quite simple and the difficulty level is okay. They also provide insane difficulty level. Loots are basically reskin of equipable item and only few provide different attributes such as elemental resistance or damage. It is understandable due to there are too many items. Maybe different stats for items will be implement by dev or not. I am okay with that.The game is still at early access stage. Some people are complainig about the short main story. But it is not a problem for me. Within 11 hours of playing this game, i did not touch the main story. I only played side quest, explore the map, catching units and played pvp. PVP is quite interesting because of the leaderboard motivates me to get a better position on it. It is understandable that finding people on online match is quite hard for sea server. But it is easy to find people in online coop for me.This is my opinion. I recommend this to people who like this kind of game. You could watch youtube for gameplay. If you only want to play single player, it is advised to wait for the full game to be released."
76561198081110786,Recommended,291860,30157702,Posted: 24 February,all,TooCliché,I've only played 62 minutes and I can already recommend this game it's jolly good fun and has a  pretty good sound track
76561198159408116,Recommended,291860,32902961,Posted: 27 June,all,Guilty,This game is memealicious
76561198119511753,Recommended,291860,30450325,Posted: 11 March,all,Strett,"To good, can't wait for the full game!"
,Recommended,291860,29241058,Posted: 13 January,all,DignifiedPeach,"Even in this game's current Early Access status, I can easily recommend this to my friends, and to anyone who's played either Battleblock Theater or Castle Crashers. This game has all the charm and uniqueness as these past games, taking aspects of them both (i.e. The Narrator from Battleblock Theater, the stupid but well implimented poop jokes from Castle Crashers) and smashing them all together into a 4X turn based strategy RPG game that re-defines the genre entirely, continuing the saga Behemoth has left behind in their unique twists on the genres of games.I don't know how to make a long enough or good enough review to give this game the justice it deserves. It's fantastic, and it could easily be released right now but the fact that the devs want people to bug test it, while also adding new things to the game while it's in early access is amazing.Behemoth and Blizzard are definitely my favorite developers (Blizzard because they don't do DLC's for Overwatch, and Behemoth for their creative games and wonderful humor.)Thanks a lot guys, and keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,291860,30409264,Posted: 9 March,all,Freemankiller ☣,"Great game of our favorite game devs...Notice: Buy it while early accses, the final version will be more pricy and more AWSOME :D"
76561198207019767,Recommended,291860,31217670,Posted: 18 April,all,Thamer,One of the best games I've ever seen.PROS:-Nice combat-Customization-diversity in species-Soundtrack-Art-Humor-replayability--------------CONS:-Story short-Online is hard to use-A few bugs (really few)
,Recommended,291860,29291805,Posted: 16 January,all,ุุBTSpaniel,Funny as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,291860,29766024,Posted: 7 February,all,coconut gun,horatio dies
,Recommended,291860,29427473,Posted: 22 January,all,Chocolate Master,Funny humor.Tbh i tought this game was gonna be like meh.. cuz i didnt think turn based games could even be that good.if wondering this game has a really short story (right now from early access)For my opinion i think this game was worth the 15$.Dont expect too much from this when its an early access title.
76561198093226356,Recommended,291860,29620916,Posted: 31 January,all,SaltyLui,"Just another game from one of the best companies ever with my favorite narator of all time. This game is great with fast gameplay, fun customization and humor a lot of humor like in every Behemoth games. To conclude, One of the best solo / co-op experience I had in a long time.""I SAID HORATIO DIES!!"""
,Recommended,291860,29306712,Posted: 16 January,all,CurlyKaiserBunny,Silly Fire Emblem with overwhelmingly mild hint of Stamper
76561198043845516,Recommended,291860,29279024,Posted: 15 January,all,Ser Dank the Fresh,"This game is like other games, but worse.10/10"
76561198067121939,Recommended,291860,29650153,Posted: 2 February,all,Noose Guy,"Just for the jokes and the funniest story i've seen in years (even better than Battleblock Theather and Castle Crashers), this game gets at least 20/10."
,Recommended,291860,29614852,Posted: 31 January,all,maulmann,But i dont wanna share my Blueberries!
,Recommended,291860,29291455,Posted: 15 January,all,Crimbles,"This game is like other games, but slightly better"
,Recommended,291860,33394442,Posted: 8 July,all,HelloKi,"This is like a casual version of Vantage Master (a very old hexagon turn base game). It is very cute and well made. If you want something more intricate and stratgy oreintated, I would check out the Vantage Master series. It is really one of a kind (it's super hard to find as it is a Japanese import)."
,Recommended,291860,29248803,Posted: 14 January,all,thatpenguinguy,"it's amazing like any other behemoth game,i love it!!"
,Recommended,291860,29245979,Posted: 14 January,all,Samishiisung,"Game of the year 2017, xdddddddd."
,Recommended,291860,33892553,Posted: 29 July,all,Ironheade (snuggling my stormy~),This game is ridiculously fun and crazy. It's early access but there's still a lot of gameplay.
76561198074512078,Recommended,291860,33622539,Posted: 17 July,all,Martin the Warrior,this is the best game ever
76561198136624303,Recommended,291860,29433927,Posted: 22 January,all,nugget boy,"So, I really can't make words to describe how amazing this game is, so instead I'm going to put the lyrics to Linkin Park's Crawling: Crawling in my skinThese wounds, they will not healFear is how I fallConfusing what is realThere's something inside me that pulls beneath the surfaceConsuming, confusingThis lack of self control I fear is never endingControllingI can't seemTo find myself againMy walls are closing in(Without a sense of confidence I'm convincedThat there's just too much pressure to take)I've felt this way beforeSo insecureCrawling in my skinThese wounds, they will not healFear is how I fallConfusing what is realDiscomfort, endlessly has pulled itself upon meDistracting, reactingAgainst my will I stand beside my own reflectionIt's haunting how I can't seemTo find myself againMy walls are closing in(Without a sense of confidence I'm convincedThat there's just too much pressure to take)I've felt this way beforeSo insecureCrawling in my skinThese wounds, they will not healFear is how I fallConfusing what is realCrawling in my skinThese wounds, they will not healFear is how I fallConfusing, confusing what is realThere's something inside me that pulls beneath the surfaceConsuming (confusing what is real)This lack of self control I fear is never endingControlling (confusing what is real)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ioK9hT4aIaA"
76561198080263894,Recommended,291860,29452083,Posted: 23 January,all,Daborgon,10/10
,Recommended,291860,31523973,Posted: 3 May,all,superbanzaibill,YEEEEEEEEEEEEES!
76561198007884644,Recommended,291860,29263133,Posted: 14 January,all,Ferdy,"Castle Crashers meets XCOM, this game is brilliant. Funny dialogue and artwork, innovative mechanics, and a large area to explore with lots of side quests and unlockable loot. Pretty much the only thing you're missing for this being early access is a complete story mode."
76561198093524437,Recommended,291860,30991156,Posted: 6 April,all,Multicatkid,I said haratio dies!
,Recommended,291860,29264493,Posted: 14 January,all,[APoG] Diabolis,Cleaned up poop in the middle of battle.10/10 would do it again.
,Recommended,291860,29270970,Posted: 15 January,all,"Free range, organic, non-GMO Owl",The Behemoth.
,Recommended,291860,29263682,Posted: 14 January,all,Tom,Made by The Behemoth.'nuff said
,Recommended,291860,29288208,Posted: 15 January,all,spooky mewt,alright game
,Recommended,291860,29423486,Posted: 22 January,all,Vorala,Stamper.
,Recommended,291860,29310320,Posted: 16 January,all,Janus,"best coop 2017, no jokes or sarcasm."
,Recommended,291860,29830353,Posted: 10 February,all,atua bless,Honest darling I love you.....GONNA WASH MY HANDSSSSSS
,Recommended,291860,29292664,Posted: 16 January,all,Ham Man,"Pit people is a game made by Behemoth, and that's why it's good!That's it, go home.You're still here?Aaagh, fine.I'll keep things simple by explaining all things this game could be compared to.Because I'm lazy.Adventure Time: definitely. The game is set in a colorful, cartoonish fantasy world that has some elements of the modern world (and also takes place after the apocalypse). The main character is just a normal guy who suddenly becomes a hero and meets all kinds of crazy characters, fights monsters and hangs out with 3 friends: a princess, a sexy Spanish lady and his cyclops bro. The game also mixes random humor and serious moments like the show.XCOM: Eeeeeeh. Apparently every turn based RPG game is going to be compared to XCOM 2012 these days. I'm just going to say that this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. There's no permadeath or saving the world from the alien invasion (not yet at least) but you can create your 6 member team from randomly generated characters, but honestly I would rather compare this game to Final Fantasy Tactics series and other games from the Turn Based Strategy RPG gentre.Pokemon: now that may sound weird, but let me explain. You can recruit all sorts of characters and creatures with different abilities to your team, but it works in a different way than you would expect. When you're fighting someone and see a character you want in your team, you need to leave that unit alone and kill everyone else, then you can make someone drop a cage on this unit and BAM: now it's yours. There's a ton of different units you can find, and also all of them have strenghts and weaknesses against others.Other Behemoth games: IMO it might be the best game they ever made. The gameplay is super cool, the humor is fantastic and the artstyle is really good as well.Now you might think two different things depending of what kind of person you are.1. ""Ham Man, I don't play turn based RPG's that much/I never played a turn based RPG in my life, will I enjoy this?""It's not as complicated as for example Final Fantasy Tactics on PS1, the rules are pretty simple and you should learn how to play quickly.2.""Ham Man, I played turn based RPG's all my life, will this game challenge my genius mind and allow me to destroy powerful enemies with flawless tactics?""I know that I said that the game is simple literally 30 seconds ago, but don't be alarmed. The game can offer a fair amount of challenge as well. There's Insane Mode that greatly increases the difficulty, Unfair Challenge that makes you fight 3 battles in one go (yes, there is Insane Unfair Challenge), you can also fight other players. There's a ton of different ways you can build your team and some characters have good synergy with others. Tactical planning and using the abilities of your heroes well is important in PVP and harder challenges.Well, I think that's it.The game is cool, buy it.Bye."
,Recommended,291860,29237093,Posted: 13 January,all,Frogman,"This is my most favorite game now, its better than Battleblock Theater and Castle Crashers.+ Reccomend if you have friends willing to buy this."
,Recommended,291860,29392150,Posted: 20 January,all,The Lewtz,"turn based, lots of customization, great fun artwork, and messed up dialog... A+.  Behemoth looks to have another hit on their hands."
,Recommended,291860,29324971,Posted: 17 January,all,frosty,It's good buy it
76561198074220404,Recommended,291860,31849082,Posted: 19 May,all,BanditBob,"This is one of those games where you don't want to spoil yourself on. I suggest you wait for the full release that way the humor is still fresh and engaging. Not saying it's bad, just hold your horses on this one. I purchased this game to support the dev since there must be a reason why they release this so early."
76561198323840680,Recommended,291860,32229732,Posted: 6 June,all,Stopstalling,"Early acess or not, Pit People has been an enjoyable game so far. Numerous modes to play, much more hilarious playing alongside another!"
,Recommended,291860,29267100,Posted: 15 January,all,✪ Marshguypie,Buy it.
,Recommended,291860,29233999,Posted: 13 January,all,Frikandel,"Awesome game already. The devs are great, and I'm sure this will be one of the times that an early acces project goes well."
76561198032773979,Recommended,291860,29307508,Posted: 16 January,all,Gorillastache,"Even if the combat wasn't good  (it is) and the game wasn't hilarious (it is), the music is enough to justify the purchase. I need this OST in my life."
76561198045448057,Recommended,291860,29326464,Posted: 17 January,all,Pizza Parker,"I feel compelled to make a review for this phenominal title by none other than the Behemoth. I've loved their games ever since Alien Homonid. Pit People takes a new perspective on the strategic turn-by-turn action of Fire Emblem. The Behemoth shine with their comedic charm once again. The humor is perfect. The thought of a goliath sized space bear with star nipples plumiting into a planet turning everything into turn-by-turn world dictated by another evil space bear with star nipples is something only the Behemoth can think of. Now I saved the final part of my little spiel for one of the best gaming soundtracks EVER. Period. The animation is crisp, combat is spectacular, diverse species to build a team with, incredible soundtrack, hilarity every step of the way. 11/10."
76561198046609405,Recommended,291860,29236037,Posted: 13 January,all,Moa Rider,"It's got William Stamper, sick♥♥♥♥♥beats, hilarous writing and solid gameplay.What more could you want?"
,Recommended,291860,29257877,Posted: 14 January,all,Cubic,I found a wraith with a butt for a face10/10
76561198175646405,Recommended,291860,29661589,Posted: 2 February,all,conor.r.foley,First off it would be a crime if i didnt reccomend this game to those who adore turn based games and benhemonths gameplay and humor will love this game and im excited to see the future product we will getit has awsome sound and musicamusing charctersfun gameplayso unqiue and perky and so colorful unlike most apocolyptic gamesstampy from battle block theater plains the main villainand everything is unqiue and fun
76561198071578708,Recommended,291860,30146021,Posted: 24 February,all,scorpio,best game 10000000/20 I played it  and it cured my cancer and also cured my dogs illness and gave me superpowers
,Recommended,291860,32747613,Posted: 24 June,all,Park Ranger Billy Chuck,Pokemon on crack. Nuff said
,Recommended,291860,29349738,Posted: 18 January,all,Goodnight,Thumbs up!
,Recommended,291860,29366330,Posted: 19 January,all,Deus Vult Heretics,"I came 5 times plays this game, but that is not the strange thing.....I came gravy laced with confetti..."
,Recommended,291860,29731295,Posted: 5 February,all,piehop7,"1. Enter Unfair Co-Op Fight2. Kill some people3. All of your friends die4. All alone5. Go home, turn on computer6. Play this game7. It's okIn all seriousness, I really enjoy this game. All of the features are great, and the gameplay is fun. You can catch monsters and make them fight for you and you can fight ridiculous NPCs that are hard to beat. Since this is still in beta, the story is very short, but the part that is out right now is pretty fun. Can't wait for more!EDIT: Only buy if you like having fun, otherwise don't buy it."
76561198125047480,Recommended,291860,29841805,Posted: 11 February,all,blb_muffin,This game gave me the cancer antibody for the cancer for honor gave me
76561198021737278,Recommended,291860,30072270,Posted: 20 February,all,CoDeViRuS,lots off fun  specialy the online mode :)
76561198103880725,Recommended,291860,33425732,Posted: 10 July,all,What the fuck,I usually don't play these type of games. But this one is an exceptional.
,Recommended,291860,33783488,Posted: 25 July,all,Salad,"Another hilarious addition to the Behemoth collection, Pit People is a bright and vibrant turn-based strategy game full of fish worshiping bandits, six-armed god like bears, and parrot-headed villains. With plenty of daily updates and co-op encouraging quest systems, you'll fit right in with this game."
,Recommended,291860,30845591,Posted: 30 March,all,OnceMoreIFight,Just buy it.
,Recommended,291860,31800145,Posted: 16 May,all,Korusho,A turn based squad fighting game.I can't stop making blueberry jokes.The narrator is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.The jokes are amazing.I love this game.
,Recommended,291860,31867196,Posted: 20 May,all,duwang man,"it's pretty great, and it's only gonna get better from here on, but remember: the earlier you buy it, the more spoiled you'll get to it and the less punch it'll have once it releasesi'm gonna hibernate on this game for a while, and i encourage you to do so too, but the moment it pops out of early access, buy it as fast as possible. or buy it early to support behemoth, but don't play it until it is out of ea"
,Recommended,291860,32620685,Posted: 21 June,all,Kamikaze Pelican,Best RPG I've played in a long time.
,Recommended,291860,33641150,Posted: 18 July,all,amaleplatypus,"Awesome game, still in Early Access but the core of the gameplay at the moment is the multiplayer which is awesome. As a matter of fact if it wasn't for the EA flag and the incomplete story mode I don't think I'd even realize this game wasn't complete. Pit People basically plays as a fast-paced tactics RPG with a Pokemon style collection element that feels amazing as you progress through the game.I primarily play via gamepad on my steamlink and it works great, my wife will sometimes join me for coop and the game has no problem reading both gamepads and the keyboard/mouse at all; and even prompts the playstation controller buttons on screen by default - I was really blown away by that bit. Not to mention the game has a lot of humor written into it that kept my wife and I laughing for a long time. The music is catchy, but the selection is a bit limited. Looking forward to more music tracks in the final release. :)"
,Recommended,291860,33659067,Posted: 19 July,all,Syron,"I don't like turn based strategy games, but the way this game handles it is beautiful. The way it's cannonically explained flows perfectly with the wacky and amazing humor, art-style, and music behemoth is known for having. This game is just great and I recomend it to anyone."
,Recommended,291860,29445844,Posted: 23 January,all,wilson the hamknight,10/10 would jam frosting into eye again.
,Recommended,291860,29544074,Posted: 28 January,all,burgethebeardedwonder,So very very funny.  Imagine castle crashers mixed with fire emblem and the world roaming of heroes of might and magic.  Lovely art design as always and top notch animation.  Even in early access this is more complete and stable than a lot of AAA titles or hyper titles (star wars battlefront & no man's sky I am looking at you).
,Recommended,291860,29879493,Posted: 12 February,all,derin,Not finished yet but its already good! These guys know how to make games.
76561198127083576,Recommended,291860,31449879,Posted: 29 April,all,Gibbo,"Great upcoming game with a really funny story and cool character pool, hopefully more will come in the future. I enjoy the small creative mini-missions and the way the co-op works. + Behemoth are awesome."
,Recommended,291860,32740435,Posted: 24 June,all,TheColorYellow,It's a ton of fun. It's like chess except better in every single way times 1000.
,Recommended,291860,33435597,Posted: 10 July,all,StaleMeme,Great early access game. Waiting eagerly for full realise.
76561198112076621,Recommended,291860,33819207,Posted: 26 July,all,deadgiveaway74,"The game is take turn battle Rpg-ish, Ip from Behemoth. So that's new.Amusingly, the bois behind this knew a little more than just silly and amusing artistic value. They also had a good idea for constructing it.I'm no game critic, but I sure can commend the one feature anyone can vary well note when playing the game. And that is, that your ability to fight has nothing to do with a menu of traits- No sir, this game is played by the bord. Which is to say, your characters do their characterly things based on their position and circumstance. All you gotta do is kick your noggen until it says ""I am so abudently kicked that I know just where to move my characters"", and presto, you got a great turn for your battle, a turn which is turned into a special spicy array of positions.If there is a silly wall in your way, you can't get to your foe with your foe devouring sword. And standing betwixt two enemies means double the attack radius.The organic gameplay feels... organic.If you don't play this game, then you will be PitPeopleless, anythingless. That's extra less than you were before; Be honest, your not exactly the most upstanding son of a gun are you? So play Pit People, redeem your silly face."
,Recommended,291860,33878468,Posted: 29 July,all,Winter Owl,"This is the first Behemoth game I've played and I'm throughly enjoying it. Simple but varied tactics with a ton of tactical customizations and weapons. Had no bugs either. My only complaint might be that it takes long to finish quests, but animations and writing make it worthwhile."
,Recommended,291860,29237041,Posted: 13 January,all,TheLegend27,It's basically...... Fire Fantasy: Pokemon Emblem TacticsWhich is okay in my book!!!
76561198041868933,Recommended,291860,29348705,Posted: 18 January,all,Spiffo,gameplay: awesome/10music: awesome/10graphics: awesome/10humor: awesome/10game: awesome/10
,Recommended,291860,29543170,Posted: 28 January,all,Ama,Awesome so far! Can't wait til more of the story is added.
76561198022474945,Recommended,291860,30081060,Posted: 21 February,all,wikidkid2348,So addictive. Hope they can release more content soon though
,Recommended,291860,33415312,Posted: 9 July,all,SirNosis,Horatio lives!
76561198051547341,Recommended,291860,34316483,Posted: 17 August,all,Delimon,I play this game with a buddy of mine and I have to say that this game is fun and unique.Everything from the art style to the gameplay is top notch and if you like turn based games you should seriously pick this one up
,Recommended,291860,30356454,Posted: 6 March,all,Pedo Kat,Amazing to the bone!
,Recommended,291860,29881717,Posted: 12 February,all,SUPERJUNKMAIL,it was great for early access i recommend it for really any one because it is such a smart game
76561198086097077,Recommended,291860,29329867,Posted: 17 January,all,Local_Wizard,Stop reading the reviews and buy this game!!
,Recommended,291860,29230492,Posted: 13 January,all,Lil Magee,"Been looking forward to this,So far I can tell you that this is a spicy game, and I have recruited a big♥♥♥♥♥cyclops somehow...Oh and dont forget a mother♥♥♥♥ing unicorn as well ;)"
,Recommended,291860,29576913,Posted: 29 January,all,Ki11s0n3,A really good turn based strategy game. I don't usually care for TBS games so I was kinda iffy on it even though it's by Behemoth. After watching some gameplay I finally talked myself into buying it and I was not disappointed. All the funny jokes and gags are there that you would expect from a Behemoth game.Pros- Really funny- Great Art Style- You get to collect and capture multiple enemies to use on your team- Story is amazing (What there is of it anyway)- Multiplayer is really fun- They have a auto battler installed if you aren't good at TBS games and just want to watch your team fightCons- Story isn't complete- Some of the menus are a bit buggy- nothing else really the game is Really Really good so far.
,Not Recommended,291860,35486009,Posted: 4 October,all,Cow Thighs,"Wow. Not only is the development cycle of this game all over the place, so is the community.To start, Pit People isn't a horrible game but it definitely isn't great. If you like turn based strategy or The Behemoth's typical humor you will most likely enjoy this game...at first. When stepping into Pit People you have this incredible feeling of exploration and a deep combat system with nearly infinite unlocks and collectables. However after a few hours the game is bare-boned and shallow as they come.Firstly, the classes of characters in this game are not developed and balanced enough. They don't feel unique enough and when putting them in raw combat to compare they all pretty much play out the same. There really isn't a strategy aspect to the game as it stands and I don't think it ever will. Your party will almost always be able to take on 2 encounters before having to heal or return back to the hub. If you're great or if you're terrible it always takes about 2 battles to make you need to retreat. This game gets incredibly stale after your 10th battle; they're all the same despite what enemies are present and how many there are. It is very clear The Behemoth is doing trial and error on this one as they go. The strategy aspect of this game is absent.Secondly, the map and it's exploration. This game has about 5-6 maps in which each time you load into a new world it picks a spawn point on one of those 6 maps. There's really no point to this aspect of the game. I was fine with it at first but after updates they removed the beacon back to the city. This makes trying to get back more annoying than difficult because time stops when you stop to open the map and try to guess where you are... Over the updates there was also a feature to make elite enemies stun immune, more aggressive, and inescapable. This is incredibly annoying because now special enemies on the world map just attack you out of nowhere and there's no way to stop them beyond out-driving them. The same missions spawn in all the same places each time there's really no point. They could have just gone with a really big static map and it wouldn't have changed anything...Lastly the collectables. This aspect is just rushed. They had their artists pump in as many crazy things as they could but they're almost entirely cosmetic. The weapons in this game used to be all the same and they tried to change that by making some unique. As time went on, they did this more and more with wider differences. Now, a lot of these weapons are beyond useless and simply cant be used in a strategic sense. There's no easy way to get these collectables or direct means of getting them. If you could just pay for a random item in a gambling machine it would be fine. Currently, the only way to obtain items is catching an enemy (kill all the enemies first, and have a character with a net catch it) and by random loot drops from doing missions/beating enemies.Everything about this game just screams placeholder and subject to change on a balance level. The Behemoth is taking their sweet time with the game. (months between updates) Despite these huge time gaps between content they aren't changing much. The gameplay isn't getting anymore engaging, the main story isn't progressing, and most of each update is just more collectable dumps. The core of this game will never change. It's still the same casual flat ""strategy game"" through and through. After countless rebalances of how levels and stats work the game is still exactly the same as the first build, worse really. I wanted to give this game a good review, I really did but it's clear these are permanent problems lingering over the game.The icing on the disaster cake is the community. Right off the bat, it's dead. Most people try to be helpful but its just a ghost town.I have personal problems with this community day in and day out. Back in the day I used to be extremely active, I would help people with any questions or problems. I would boast about having the most completion because I loved the game and played it religiously. However the downfall of the community was The Behemoth and their connection to said community.They moved over to discord and the forums here were getting more and more silent by the day. So they decided to make a community manager, a fellow player. I don't want to seem jealous, but they made this guy a manager out of no where for no reason and he isn't an employee. He simply embraced a meme and became the center of attention by making his profile themed after Pit People. Sure, this is fine at first but he really isn't helpful or active like I was. He was basically made community mod to be a jester to liven up the place. (That worked really well right...?)Then just yesterday I go onto the forums after being disappearing after many months and updates. I come looking for help to get 100% completion or as close as I could. What do we have...? No one. The forums are empty for the most part. I stumble across a group of select people trying to make a full list of everything in the game. Turns out, they're close buddies who won't help out unless it's to help themselves. They just want Steam forum fame on an empty game. So I continue my search...I go to the Discord today asking around there. I find someone who's willing to help. To my surprise they had more items than me despite me 100%'ing the game a few updates ago. What do they do? Oh yeah, they scam me. Turns out this guy is also buds with the small group of completionists. Wow, great community huh? He accused me of cheating for having the max number of items when I played this game a lot longer before there was more content but okay...Yeah, wah wah wah personal beefs right? Wrong. As mentioned the game is stale and the community is a former shell of what it was."
76561197977492960,Recommended,291860,33382754,Posted: 8 July,all,Sharxan,I said Horatio dies!
76561198299163513,Recommended,291860,31121373,Posted: 13 April,all,TJ,"I think Pit people is one of the best behemoth games made (even tho theres only 4 behemoth games). Its kinda like ""the behemoth game that only requires ONE hand to play"" so for all you people who have broken hands, or just straight-up lazy, this is the behemoth game for you. I LOVED this game and I think they put a really good price on it. But theres one thing I didnt like, in battleblock theature the narror ator was so hyper and funny (especially forthe secret song, wich sounded more like he was crazy and drunk), but now he's just like ""...I'm so exited..."" he's just not verry interesting now... But besides that its been a GREAT game! And I CANT WAIT for update four, and update four HAD BETTER BE MORE STORY, OR ELSE!!!also in tinkletown the people are called ""peeple"" LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL!"
76561198066827201,Recommended,291860,30017544,Posted: 18 February,all,Stannis The Mannis,"Ignoring what that petty toxic player I>U said, for a game that its in early access its incredibly well made."
,Recommended,291860,31106377,Posted: 12 April,all,MrDeepDarkmind,Everytime when you see Behemoth release a game you know its gonna be good like Triple A good
,Recommended,291860,29282322,Posted: 15 January,all,LOLIMETH,I would love this game more if it was finished.
76561198131476906,Recommended,291860,29840229,Posted: 10 February,all,Dragonsrule343,Amazing game love the story and laugh so hard during it can't wait for more XOXO
,Recommended,291860,29236091,Posted: 13 January,all,Maszo Pok,"Its a Behemoth game, name any of the 3 now 4 games they made that are bad."
,Recommended,291860,33066989,Posted: 30 June,all,the sminky duck,"o you guys need a chocolate chip cookie recipe?-Ingredients3/4cup granulated sugar SAVE $3/4cup packed brown sugar SAVE $1cup butter or margarine, softened SAVE $1teaspoon vanilla1egg SAVE $2 1/4cups Gold Medal™ all-purpose flour1teaspoon baking soda1/2teaspoon salt1cup coarsely chopped nuts1package (12 ounces) semisweet chocolate chips (2 cups)Steps1Heat oven to 375ºF.2Mix sugars, butter, vanilla and egg in large bowl. Stir in flour, baking soda and salt (dough will be stiff). Stir in nuts and chocolate chips.3Drop dough by rounded tablespoonfuls about 2 inches apart onto ungreased cookie sheet.4Bake 8 to 10 minutes or until light brown (centers will be soft). Cool slightly; remove from cookie sheet. Cool on wire rack."
,Recommended,291860,29372623,Posted: 20 January,all,Nord,The Behemoth. That is all.
,Recommended,291860,30519387,Posted: 14 March,all,Chonto,get that stupid look off your face and buy this game
76561198018788826,Recommended,291860,33525789,Posted: 13 July,all,Phoenix,"I like itGreat titles and fresh new genre just like you see from these guys.(More fleshed out review past the cons0)Pros:Has that charm the other titles have, an amazing voice actor, fun openining.Fast flowing turn progression in combat situations.pretty balanced charactersCons:Havent played online co op or versuses.Local Play co op camera is trash.Combat is too long. (Made me avoid enemies and didnt want to engage them)Equipment system (at least early game) needs work, starting weapons barely mean♥♥♥♥♥♥ and there isnt really a ledgend to tell you what all the buffs mean, which is so ♥♥♥♥ig needed.Ive been playing these games from alien hominide up to battle blocks and enjoy how they always change genre and manage to keep the humor fresh, refined and unexpected. I welcomed this new titles and loved the opening which these guys have nailed but this game has a few issues that turned me off at the start of the game.- The UI is very stylish but all over the place, transistioning is very slight and hard to see and the controls for the ui and very light meaning you can go flying all over the place. The Main Menu Could of been Simpled down without losing its charm. And the City Hub Menu is like castle crashers world hub, maybe pan the camera back or something idk it didnt look right to me.- The combat is amazing, its free flowing and non turne based, the characters dont have alot of special abilites but you can recruit people who have one special ability. its amazing, and the fact that each character can only do one thing or two, the proximity targeting is a great balance for strategical planning. But the fights become way to long winded, as i said before i was turned off after the prolouge mainly cause of the combat, The co op pust a boat load of enemies on the field which at first looks exciting(i will get to that in a minute), but evtually become a turn off to me cause i know i will be here for more than ten minutes, both enemies and your team barely do much damage, i had flankers go for archers but it took 12 turns to get one and the flanker died,   The slow crawling pace of the fights are leagues different from the fast paced action based game previously made, and again i havent played to much but if i was to suggest maybe quicker fights but add a few more enemies to balance it out, heck bring in reinforcements, The previous titles liked to try and overwhelm you before but the challenges are always fair.- Lastly , ive played the co op and like all the other titles you share a screen, but that becomes a major flaw, the camera doesnt pan out for both cursors, sometimes forcing one to move, it doesnt try to center both and making descions without having to wait on your partner to finish making his choices is a god damn bore, it either needs splitscreen or a better camera that pans out. i did not like waiting when i wanted to get right back in the fight, the enemy turns are instant but i had to wait for my partner so i could make my choices or vise versa. we ended up just meeting at the middle and forcing the enemy to come to use. the camera forces team play which isnt bad but im saying it again but its different the other titles, before co operation was not needed, hell you could obstruct and ruin your partner for the giggles but mechanics were also given so that you could do the opposite. Sometimes you are forced to co operate and sometimes its more fun to lone wolf. But this title, the camera is so bad for co op play that it some how forces you to work to gether so the camera wouldnt bother you.Again i cant speak for the whole, game just my few hours of playing it. Im somewhat mixed on the early access, it lets me know the game is being worked on but i fear it may die out. I hope it improves and comes back well polished."
,Recommended,291860,29330763,Posted: 17 January,all,MrSpudBot,"Insanley GoodShouldnt be a game but Life or art no, a masterpiece just ADD MORE STORY PLZ."
76561198089766135,Recommended,291860,29331767,Posted: 17 January,all,Anzora,best early access investment ive ever made
,Recommended,291860,29681571,Posted: 3 February,all,Ispy,is gud
76561198068065140,Recommended,291860,29591502,Posted: 30 January,all,Mordeth Kai,"It's like a cross between earthbound and south park canada without the vulgarity. One of the few games I've laughed my♥♥♥♥♥off while losing. There is almost no story at this point, but the multiplayer, sidequests, and random map stuff will still keep you busy, for the price I'd say its worth it in its current state.On the down side, mouse and keyboard controls are not intuitive, the game is definately prioritizing consoles with its design, it's not terrible but it does need mentioned.Edit: The devs have assured the community that the controls were an attempt to streamline gameplay, and the game is fast paced which is difficult to accomplish with a turn based game. They have also said that making them less clunky is something they are working on."
,Recommended,291860,29434214,Posted: 22 January,all,me,Good
76561198083692910,Recommended,291860,29682651,Posted: 3 February,all,ksgcubs,Muscley Nipples... Enough said.
,Recommended,291860,29671125,Posted: 3 February,all,Bwian,A life changing experience.
76561198121472369,Recommended,291860,29301945,Posted: 16 January,all,The Notorious Dank Kush Kiwi,very fun game
,Recommended,291860,29326573,Posted: 17 January,all,Welcome To Flavortown!,This comment is helpfull.
,Recommended,291860,29283266,Posted: 15 January,all,Faceless King,"It's a Behemoth game, do I really need to say more?"
76561198099779263,Recommended,291860,30114988,Posted: 23 February,all,Apu The Indian,Best game ever made by the best game company ever ;) 10/10
,Recommended,291860,29405832,Posted: 21 January,all,"Bob ""Mother Fuckin"" Ross","Its kind of like a child,You take turns stabbing, shooting, and throwing nets at it to put it in a cage."
76561198042590261,Recommended,291860,33470210,Posted: 11 July,all,Toxic Larva,I recommend this game
,Recommended,291860,29334327,Posted: 18 January,all,ENIAC,♥♥♥♥♥yea
,Recommended,291860,29639092,Posted: 1 February,all,__,Horatio blu berries gud
,Recommended,291860,29775773,Posted: 7 February,all,Macabre,"Excellent game by Excellent DevsGame may be in early access, but Devs are active in their communities, and keep everyone up to date with the latest plans and info. Another oddity of Early access is the game runs with practically Zero issues, I myself have never had any. The game is very polished and depending on how complete you want to be, there are many many hours of gameplay. It took me over 30 hour to do all the side quest currently in game, and at over 150 hours I’m still collecting things.The only draw back of this early access is the main storyline is not finished. In place is a solid game, with tons of side quests, over 1000 collectables, many different units, PVE, and PVP Arena, and a ton more features on the way. Even if your hesitant of Early access, if this games gameplay is your type of game, I HIGHLY recommend grabbing it before release,"
,Recommended,291860,33626812,Posted: 18 July,all,/'busy'/-,Funny Game /-/-/-/
76561198092227929,Recommended,291860,29979019,Posted: 16 February,all,Magicevo,Like skyrim with tiles
76561198191774306,Recommended,291860,30107500,Posted: 22 February,all,63choff63,holy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s this is fun
76561198138441011,Recommended,291860,33912328,Posted: 30 July,all,Billxyl2000,i think it is poor on content and it would be a super improvement to have mod support
,Recommended,291860,29625614,Posted: 1 February,all,Emperion Dynasty Cats,"this game so cute and funny, the RPG really nice too, nice port too, you can catch any army you want in here.. and what else ?9/10"
,Recommended,291860,30606192,Posted: 18 March,all,Dusty,"Ah, Pit People...Pit People is a great game, and with it being early access, has huge potential. I am a huge fan of The Behemoth, and, as with all Behemoth games it has great humor in it, the narrator (who is Stamper again, by the way) is pretty much god and will do whatever he wants, moving the main city randomly around the map whenever he wants, and  just messing with the characters. The story so far is about 2 hours, maybe 2 and a half (although, maybe a little shorter if they explained you needed cages to properly recruit people, god, that took me like, three whole fights to realise you needed a cage to ""recruit"" someone) you create your own team, which can consist of whoever you want, each character can have a different weapon, helmet and shield, all cracters have there own eqipment and a team can have up to six members. There are 6 base ""classes"" for a team, Assault, Ranger, Healer, Big Dude, Recruiter and Mid-Range personAssaulters are your main attack people, Rangers sit at the back and shoot, Healers do just that, heal damdged team members, Big Dudes do a lot of damdge, have a lot of health but con only move a few Hexes, Recruiters are not super powerful, but can get you new team members and Mid-Range People can throw, uh, stuff to stun enemies. The game lets you choose your team pretty much how you want it and, if you want you can go six rangers. Personally, i go for two Assaulters, a Healer, a Ranger and a Big Dude, which unfortunately means i only have five due to Big Dudes taking up 2 slots on your team,The gameplay is simple but nice, you tell your team members to go here, if they can they attack the enemy or heal your team they do, if not they just kinda, stand there. Then the enemy do the same thing. Ten you do it. Then the enemy.Then you, ect. The gameplay might not be super complex, but when you get a kill it feels super satysfying.A great game with good humor, satisfying gameplay and lovely strategy. It has great potential, and will probably become a 10/10 when fully released, though due to it not having tons to do currently, i would say about 8/10, but i still frigging love it.~Dusty"
76561198162773425,Recommended,291860,30377876,Posted: 7 March,all,EnviroPig🐷,This is the BEST GAME OF ALL TIIIIIIME!!!!!
,Recommended,291860,29311178,Posted: 16 January,all,Roxxstar,"Shwinky wonky dong, biggie zig wopple toff. Dig siggle maniffer senwan tipkick woofer.10/10"
,Recommended,291860,29454774,Posted: 23 January,all,drane92,turn based strategy game made by developers using about every drug ever used by humans.
,Recommended,291860,29454711,Posted: 23 January,all,Super Saiyan Decoy,"Love this, can't wait for the story to be finished! :)"
,Recommended,291860,29250326,Posted: 14 January,all,Anj,"This is a great game, if you have a laptop with some beef or any PC you should be able to run this game. Sadly it does not work on my laptop which has no beef so I have to use my PC.Pros:+Soundtrack - enjoyable and pleasing, like that of Castle Crashers and BattleBlock Theater+Humor - the sense of humor you can expect from The Behemoth, it's just overall sillyness+Gameplay - unlike other turn-based tactical games like XCOM, the game's a bit faster and less complicated, but the depth certainly is there+Story - the world has been plunged into an apocalypse after the bear crashes into Earth and turns the landscape into hexagons, with bear blood raining from the sky... this game's story is ridiculous, but it's surprisingly good+Characters - you can play as a blueberry farmer, a princess, a ""Demi-clops"", a Spanish conquistador, a cupcake, a unicorn, a cactus fly, the possibilites are truly endless, and then there's the costumes...+Graphics - the beautiful hand-drawn and cartoony graphics straight outta Newgrounds will never get oldMehs:Length - the game is short, with not many missions, but this is an Early Access game, and there's always The Pit and online multiplayer to keep you satisfied, and plenty of characters to collectCons:-Early Access - as of now, the game is in Early Access and is as of now unfinished, so the game has a few bugs and no cloud saveOverall, Pit People is a wonderful turn-based tactical adventure game that brings a sense of humor and great gameplay. I'd give this a 9.3/10 at the point it's at, but if it improves, I'll review this better."
76561198320844147,Recommended,291860,30463498,Posted: 11 March,all,symbolum0,"Same humor as the last games, a startegy game combined with some pokemon elements with a really fun multiplayer and alot of customazibles. For a early game acces its a great start. Even for people that dont like turn based games its alot of fun because of the graphics and humor would recomend to anyone who has purchased one of the previus games or likes startegy games."
,Recommended,291860,30927671,Posted: 3 April,all,shawnbandy,so many dank memes i nearly OD'd
,Recommended,291860,29262433,Posted: 14 January,all,Lint Wizard,"I didn't know about this game until the day before it appeared on Early Access, but it so far it is exactly the sort of game I've been craving to add to my library. How did The Behemoth know?!"
76561198069526850,Recommended,291860,29662454,Posted: 2 February,all,Lil' Broomstick,Very nice turn based game. 9/10. Worth the money.
76561198157992234,Recommended,291860,29476716,Posted: 24 January,all,Wildaces22,"Pit People: The demented love child of Fire Emblem and Pokémon, where one night the both got drunk at the local bar, went home, had sex and argued about whose fault it was the day after. Then not long after this wonderful little amalgamation was born into the world. And I don’t think any of us would have it any other way."
,Recommended,291860,29580462,Posted: 29 January,all,WorkHorse,"Good replay value.  Funny, good music, good dialogue, and good game structure.  A lot of developers could take some notes here."
,Recommended,291860,29413110,Posted: 21 January,all,Doctor Picklepuss,The Chogfather has risen.
,Recommended,291860,29452622,Posted: 23 January,all,djkenetics,Very entertaining game
76561198071288548,Recommended,291860,29369846,Posted: 19 January,all,lo Dr Acula ol,"Made by Behemoth, what else needs to be said?"
76561198006726736,Recommended,291860,29367717,Posted: 19 January,all,Magna,"Fun simple strategy game.Its lighter than I prefer.The units could use a skill with a cooldown or some card/abilites for the players to use. Only being able to choose where the units move feels like the game is missing a layer of depth.The entire production is all top notch excellent sound, music, art, humor in a genre that usually doesn't get this treatment Pit People is superb. I just wish there was a little more meat on the bone."
76561198042061622,Recommended,291860,29453847,Posted: 23 January,all,Watermelon,I got Dat boi and Harambe as two of my party members10/10
76561198119470879,Recommended,291860,29453640,Posted: 23 January,all,Taren #DOFH,11/10
,Recommended,291860,29239398,Posted: 13 January,all,Robo Hobo,Behmoth Behemoth Behemoth...Welp my review is...slippin flipping great cant wait to se the full version only problem is of course early access9/10 so farfits in with the nostalgic humor of my days on BBT And CC on the Xbox 360
,Recommended,291860,33194165,Posted: 3 July,all,Smexy Bananna,Good upcoming strategy game from a great company. Mainly a solo experience but is more fun with a local or online friend.
,Recommended,291860,33078301,Posted: 1 July,all,pbelov,over fun!
76561197999024808,Recommended,291860,33070753,Posted: 30 June,all,MrTossFace,"It's good. It made laughs squirrel their way out of me. I've been following this developer's games since newgrounds, much love for them and all they do. Also loving kisses going out to Stamper for his voice that embodies the act of sex with all it's magic and undertones of hate and distain. Also a shoot out to Kid Koala for making my ears just so damn happy, I was so pleased to hear that he was involved with them, just... just too happy.Gameplay is at first simple but that's how games go, right? simple to understand but then blamoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo new♥♥♥♥♥♥ new elements, attacks, charactersthere's a bit of a disconnect in the beginning with getting to the town and doing the first pit fight, your homebase if you will, like tutorial, then♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to do... uuuuuuuhhhh, run around and kill stuff, I forgot to buy a cage... Dammit... It is their first game with a true open world, so for me, I got the hang of it... I wish I knew where I was in the map in the menu... like you're here, go there for quest. That'd be helpful but whatever.I love them and I wish my bestie pal, Brian (you don't know him but you should, he's a stand up guy) would play with me but he don't like stragedy games... ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.max number/max numberBelieve in yourselves, I love you all."
76561198275558289,Recommended,291860,33101285,Posted: 1 July,all,Galaxy._.Cactus,>Buys game>Plays it>Confused because dont know were going>Finds out you can use a popsicle as a weapon>Dies10/10 would die using a popsicleOkay this is a really good game I cant wait till the full realse its a must buy I just YOLOed it to get this game
,Recommended,291860,29271418,Posted: 15 January,all,freddymojo,The most funny story and i love all there other games like Castle Crasher and Battle Block Theater.
,Recommended,291860,32801775,Posted: 25 June,all,Fart,"I realize this is in early access still, but I am absolutely blowing through the content of this game at an alarming pace. However, I am fully addicted to this game; it is now my favorite Behemoth game, toppling Castle Crashers. The strategy, though simple, is aided by hilarious dialogue and nearly endless customization. Also, this game has 2009 memes."
,Recommended,291860,33298784,Posted: 5 July,all,XXF,U know the behemoth game then u know its really pretty awesome! NO DOUBT ABOUT IT!
,Recommended,291860,29771873,Posted: 7 February,all,私は日本語じゃない,Really fun. Just hope they finish the game soon so it will be 2x better.
76561198354099894,Recommended,291860,29753193,Posted: 6 February,all,Trigger Happy Karma,If you r deciding what game to get THIS IS THE ONE i have only had it for 1 day and played 6 hours already i LOVE it best game from battle block NUINIBIBHIBDHIBIH (:
,Recommended,291860,32821392,Posted: 26 June,all,Roee,"I’m marching through the branches in a fit of wanderlustTo see you in a black hole reaching out for something justSilhouettes of neighbors dancing in disgustI’m sure you recognize my noise and you heard about the PitBeen told to be afraid of everything that lives withinBut it’s much worse where you areSo will you go for it?I have a feeling you mightFeeling you mightSomebody somewhereWill clean out your woundsWith dirty fingersWe’ll bury the lieSomebody somewhereWill clean out your woundsWe’ll bury the lieBury the lieNow we tumble down a hill to a fire with a crowdThe flicker becomes thicker as we bottom outThe residents don’t even notice the sudden shoutsWhen your eyes can adjust and you see what’s in viewDiscolored and distempered smiles that seen youDo you realize we were all once like you?I have a feeling you mightFeeling you mightSomebody somewhereWill clean out your woundsWith dirty fingersWe’ll bury the lieSomebody somewhereWill clean out your woundsWe’ll bury the lieBury the lieNo, noNo one comesNo one goesNo, noNo one comesNo one goesRecognize my noise and you heard about the PitBeen told to be afraid of everything that comes withinWe can talk about it laterBut I think you’ve given inWe can talk about it laterBut I think you’ve given inI had a feeling you mightBury the lieOh, oh"
,Recommended,291860,33592279,Posted: 16 July,all,Haswa,Yes.
,Recommended,291860,29380952,Posted: 20 January,all,х,MASTERPIECE
76561198169182553,Recommended,291860,30500809,Posted: 13 March,all,chris p. bacon,"Gentlemen, may I present to you, the new version of the rome ages.. Yes.."
,Recommended,291860,30507607,Posted: 14 March,all,Eureka!,"This game is really fun, and I'm so addicted to it!hhjgvn;wiegiEGHIO9hwOOPS!BUTTER FINGERS!!!"
76561198202150700,Recommended,291860,30517016,Posted: 14 March,all,redfive11,Another amazing game by the Behemoth! A halarius story mode and cast of charecters. Only bad thing is that currently in beta (although it will definantly have more) it only has 2 main story missions. But theres still many funny sidequests.
76561198066553474,Recommended,291860,29819809,Posted: 10 February,all,Trustno1,"Fun is back...You SEEE!The mighty bear, the nonsense, the poop! SO MUCH POOP!10/10 FUN100/10 CO-OP1000/10 GIGGLE TIMEfor early access this game has a lot of replay value, i highly recommend this game, espesh for co-op."
76561198037432941,Recommended,291860,33389362,Posted: 8 July,all,The Griever,"Pit People is a great mix of turned based strategy and the normal humor of The Behemoth. It's easy to understand and i love how balanced everything is. Quests and items give hilarious homage to internet and pop culture, and with over 1k items to mess with, you can always dress your characters in fun or cool ways.One of the features I enjoy the most is the auto battler. My son was born three weeks ago and I've learned quickly that they don't care if you're in the middle of a battle; when he wants food, he wants it now. Thanks to this wonderful feature, I can lazily progress while I lazily parent!"
,Recommended,291860,29687877,Posted: 4 February,all,Jake,"If you want a good laugh and a fun game, its all right here."
,Recommended,291860,29692139,Posted: 4 February,all,Blitzendegen,Another awesome game addition to Behemoth's belt.
,Recommended,291860,29432584,Posted: 22 January,all,Overburn,"So. Pit People.I played the game during closed Beta and loved it. It is a marriage of the following things:Tactical Combat, RPG character progression,forming the best party with oodles of different charatcers,  loot gathering mechanics, Pokemon-like creature gathering (which also puts a twist on the tactical combat because you can only capture the last enemy left alive), and it reminds me a lot of the Adventure Time cartoon for some reason (the art style) and  It has fantastic humor. On top of all of this, it is multiplayer.If any combination of those things above sound appealing to you, then i would highly recommend this game even in its current EA state. There is a LOT of game to be had here already and it will only grow. Truly a gem of a game."
,Recommended,291860,29433186,Posted: 22 January,all,GalleyWest,"This game is great.So far I have done battle with a flying, bleeding, space bear. I have gathered a friend to help a local character use the restroom. I have gained weapons of both glamour and cacti alike. I have captured enemies to enhance my team. But most of all I have had fun and laughs during the entire thing.Play this."
76561198305222277,Recommended,291860,30057830,Posted: 20 February,all,Potassium,"One of the best Behemoth, or even RPG's I've eveer played! With a unique land and characters as well as balenced characters (hilarious ones at that), you won't waste a penny buying Pit People!"
,Recommended,291860,29319461,Posted: 17 January,all,Reverend Father Uncle Ruckus,"Solid 10/10 game, and a solid 11/10 capturing systemBasically, kill everyone, and if you have a cage, throw a net, and boom, you have a minion to die for you!So, if you do that in the final mission, lo and behold, Helmitor himself becomes your ally, and you don't need to waste your time killing him10/10 would try to catch helmitor again"
76561198116539987,Recommended,291860,29319651,Posted: 17 January,all,Pest_The_Healer17,Amazing I love it.
76561198096404811,Recommended,291860,29320515,Posted: 17 January,all,Master Kotah,Just as good as the other games!
,Recommended,291860,29320341,Posted: 17 January,all,Miles_of_Memes,"You can poop where ever you want.Also, you get to fight people in pits.10/10 would poop again"
,Recommended,291860,29861617,Posted: 11 February,all,Bread™,Best ♥♥♥♥ing game ever!
76561198048741370,Recommended,291860,29498918,Posted: 26 January,all,Potato Man,You can fire unicorn horns whilst eating the frosting of a living cupcake to heal as your mascot drops great beats so I can capturev a pixie who goes by the name of Worgy Snorgy who has a hat I want...what's not to like?
76561198046624037,Recommended,291860,29279471,Posted: 15 January,all,Amazingzmyster,"Playing this game alone, I wondered how Behemoth would deal with the ensured chaos of a co-op strategy game.They didn't.And its great.10/10, would send Kobolds to clean up the crap inTinkletownwhilst a freind murders thier mobbing citizens again."
76561198299327648,Recommended,291860,29306451,Posted: 16 January,all,boatman.,10/10 great gamePros. everyting IN this gamecons. no bounuses for oing this in crashers or battleblock.that cons a stretch as its tecnicly is one for crashers bb.
,Recommended,291860,29330212,Posted: 17 January,all,Meowfia,"Funny, simple but in-depth gameplay, Stamper's in it. What else do you need to know? Oh yeah, story is unfinished but who cares?"
76561198195516115,Recommended,291860,30586747,Posted: 18 March,all,WilliamNexo,I love this game sooo much its fun gameplay and fun houmer freaking love it keep up the good work  :D
76561198345652620,Recommended,291860,29565842,Posted: 29 January,all,THEKraken,Waited it for so long... Finally I can get it! YEAH! I LOVED IT!
,Recommended,291860,30101362,Posted: 22 February,all,Andemal,"It's a very good game, to be early acces."
,Recommended,291860,29877678,Posted: 12 February,all,Bad Green Screen Guy_,best gam evoor :))))))))))))
,Recommended,291860,29876799,Posted: 12 February,all,MikeRaDM,"Behemoth is at it again, fantastic game"
,Recommended,291860,30952127,Posted: 4 April,all,{Spicy} | Turmeric Trade.tf,"SPECKLED HORSEMAN SPECKELED HORSEMAN MY DADDY IS THE SPECKLED HORSEMANBUY THIS GAME, IF THE TRAILER HASNT CONVINCED YOU, THIS REVIEW SHOULD700000000000000000000000000000000000/7"
,Recommended,291860,29711023,Posted: 4 February,all,Adrian,amazing look at my castle crashers review for more.
,Recommended,291860,29625992,Posted: 1 February,all,Mousemoose,It's like XCOM but without the agonising fear of failure at every turn.10/10 would behemoth again
76561198079587255,Recommended,291860,29345807,Posted: 18 January,all,Stephany Nuggs,ye
76561198073855955,Recommended,291860,29272002,Posted: 15 January,all,EyeScream,"""Sayonara is Japanese for go die""-Giant Space Bear-"
76561198318728689,Recommended,291860,30304599,Posted: 3 March,all,Bearbears Studios,"This is a really fun and comedic game. However, if you're a grouch and don't like any sense of humor...i'd either have to say you're mature or you're truly dead inside....Anyways, I recommend this as a great game to play with friends."
76561198274748500,Recommended,291860,32906401,Posted: 27 June,all,CesarSalad,Though a work in progress it's a great game. I've got myself a decent team and am always waiting for the next update.
76561198111054759,Recommended,291860,29271557,Posted: 15 January,all,Jiffypop,First playtime I had I played 10 ♥♥♥♥ing hours straight
,Recommended,291860,33646292,Posted: 19 July,all,Dapper Shark,When the special ed kid DMs Dungeons and Dragons
,Recommended,291860,29331114,Posted: 17 January,all,Robert,"I have been playing The Behemoth games since Alien Hominid first came out...  And i have to say, they have kept the amazing game design since Alien Hominid. Pit People is a turn based game on hexagons... and I was kinda worried aswell when i first saw the hexagon because I thought it would ruin the game but when I started playing it, I was in love. The game is still in early access so the game isnt fully complete, however the game is still so fun. I beat the story already so I just started to get the achievements, level up all my guys, and try to get an awesome team. Anyways this game is amazing and the price is good for what you get, you should definitly get the game! <3 to Behemeth."
76561198037422377,Recommended,291860,29640529,Posted: 1 February,all,Noahqshark,"""WOOPS BUTTER FINGERS!!!"" One of the best laughs iv'e had in awhile"
,Recommended,291860,29643645,Posted: 1 February,all,Illusion,Hilariously fun
76561198049003303,Recommended,291860,29647127,Posted: 2 February,all,IlVegio,"Do you like beautiful things?Do you like strategic turn based games?Would you like to leave a trail of ♥♥♥♥♥ on a map to find the way back?If you answered YES to at least one question, buy this game.11/10"
,Recommended,291860,29534449,Posted: 27 January,all,The Ting Go Skrra,"Worth $15 for the soundtrack alone, The game is awesome and all, plus its made by Behemoth and i mean cmon its behemoth but THE SOUNDTRACK IS ♥♥♥♥IN BUMPIN'"
76561198163574366,Recommended,291860,29364603,Posted: 19 January,all,Arduino Uno,Tang Ao should play
76561198061017764,Recommended,291860,29364530,Posted: 19 January,all,masterofbrine,other than the trolls on the online play the game is fantastic
,Recommended,291860,29365334,Posted: 19 January,all,Toothpick,Yes.
76561198070334953,Recommended,291860,29535406,Posted: 27 January,all,Scrubzilla,It's Behemoth.
76561198104384089,Recommended,291860,32708919,Posted: 23 June,all,vengefulviper,An incredibly funny and fun game!
,Recommended,291860,29472267,Posted: 24 January,all,moderately mediocre shitposter,dudeit's the behemothjust buy the game you know it's going to be really good.
,Recommended,291860,33005654,Posted: 29 June,all,[TFO]bean.exe,"Fun game with lots of customization and simple yet fun combat.Even more fun with friends, 9/10 would enter the Pit again"
76561198102184371,Recommended,291860,33374089,Posted: 8 July,all,PornoGuy,can u please add a current location to the map. my only complaint. Great game
76561198055179181,Recommended,291860,29263867,Posted: 14 January,all,GristlyJam,is good.
76561197999741482,Recommended,291860,31841428,Posted: 19 May,all,kirppuliisa,awesome game! everyone should play this!
76561198342587757,Recommended,291860,31798407,Posted: 16 May,all,Thee_oddworld,"very stratigek, lots of humor and really weird!?"
76561198200542253,Recommended,291860,31838209,Posted: 19 May,all,Jobob05,I have no words for this game oh wait yes i do AMAZING
,Recommended,291860,29553358,Posted: 28 January,all,Phantom Panda,is fun and good gameda dis is goodbuy it
76561198249778444,Recommended,291860,29553382,Posted: 28 January,all,Malkallam,STOP LOOKING IN THE REVIEWS AND BUY IT!
,Recommended,291860,29552900,Posted: 28 January,all,Николь Ваттерсон,"The Behemoth is the best, I wanna suck his♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198167219612,Recommended,291860,29553088,Posted: 28 January,all,wolfgamer,"if you like turn based games this is for you and it is just a fun,funny and it is is made from the creators of battle block theater  and castle crashers"
76561197998382396,Recommended,291860,29237732,Posted: 13 January,all,Nukular Power,you can tell a lot of effort has been put into this.   Fun and funny
,Recommended,291860,29906181,Posted: 13 February,all,Morge Sinkskin,Very gud
76561198120221788,Recommended,291860,31304890,Posted: 22 April,all,Umik,"What do an overgrown hairball, a unicorn, a mecha-toaster, a man with 1.5 eyes, a spanish kidnapper and a space bear have in common? play this game to find out."
76561198184885299,Recommended,291860,29347242,Posted: 18 January,all,Peanut Slayer,It is a really good game defently worth it.
,Recommended,291860,29679493,Posted: 3 February,all,shadowreaper1989,"One of the best Early Access Games I have ever played, Its chaotic and brilliant, Its turn based madness. It has trolls."
76561198040122050,Recommended,291860,29347788,Posted: 18 January,all,Pop Culture Reference,"Recruited a Cupcake to spoon feed itself to my slav *cough* volunteers in order to heal them. 10/10Also has Stamper as a giant bear narrator/ villian, so thats nice too."
,Recommended,291860,31033810,Posted: 8 April,all,Mr.Hijuil,"""Let see, i'll put my pawns right here"" - giant space teddy bear"
76561198140706823,Recommended,291860,29351881,Posted: 19 January,all,Ailish,"Set a stopwatch planning to refund in case I didn't like. My stopwatch has been going for 8 hours and I can no longer refund, but why would you want to? This game is good."
76561198045977812,Recommended,291860,29261305,Posted: 14 January,all,ConradTheMelon,You can shoot a sword out of a cannon and block said sword with a shotgun used as a sword. 10/10 People in a pit.
76561198089435115,Recommended,291860,29349828,Posted: 18 January,all,Ravogan,"The collection in this game is never-ending.However, co-op matches take like, 30 min to complete.Still rly gud though, it's only early access."
76561198281533078,Recommended,291860,29359298,Posted: 19 January,all,Azuko_Dragoncat,Absolutely loving this game. Definitely recommend buying as it is always a fun adventure and every encounter is random. Looking forward to future updates!
76561198235236156,Recommended,291860,31587906,Posted: 6 May,all,Dr.Rootbeer,i got the game and it was awesome the story takes an hour to finish and i know they din't finish the game but i love everything about it and i can't wait untill the full game is done. :) #lovepitpeople
,Recommended,291860,31603619,Posted: 7 May,all,Ray,"Im about 1 hour into the game as of writing this, and oh boy is it good. Awesome art style, nice soundtrack and the gameplay is really good.final rating 10/10"
76561197997950811,Recommended,291860,29267016,Posted: 14 January,all,Ant Bitten,poopoo platter10/10would cry again
,Recommended,291860,29233687,Posted: 13 January,all,lzyhd_xd,10/10 made by my favourite Game Devs
76561198110555146,Recommended,291860,29351126,Posted: 18 January,all,Gage,Gr8 m8
76561198116717406,Recommended,291860,29307821,Posted: 16 January,all,Dr Slappy,yes
,Recommended,291860,33067734,Posted: 30 June,all,Mungoid,"This is, I think, the only company that has made multiple games I have never been disappointed with. They are always amusing and very thought out. If you liked any of their previous games, you will also enjoy this one."
,Recommended,291860,29309628,Posted: 16 January,all,Nex Votum加油,Truly a fun game.
,Recommended,291860,29309687,Posted: 16 January,all,Hueeeeeeeee,Stampers in it. 10/10https://www.youtube.com/user/StamperTV
,Recommended,291860,29309776,Posted: 16 January,all,TheNative2.0,"Just get it, it's a Behemoth game how can it be bad?"
76561198044667918,Recommended,291860,29310035,Posted: 16 January,all,coffeegrounds,This game is sick
76561198071148592,Recommended,291860,29234534,Posted: 13 January,all,JustJakob,"The game runs and looks perfectI love the art, gameplay, voice acting, music, and all of the games funny quirkswould recommend."
,Recommended,291860,29299500,Posted: 16 January,all,Floopy,I murdured a sentient cupcake in the Temple of Your Mom...10/10
76561198166882543,Recommended,291860,34650503,Posted: 31 August,all,walrusiscool,yah yeet
,Recommended,291860,34636043,Posted: 31 August,all,Loaf,"you can get a dat boi, this is fine, and doge hat0/10 worst memes10/10 best game"
,Recommended,291860,29241833,Posted: 13 January,all,superfleet0,Wacky fun wtf is goin on crazyness. Buy it and play it with a friend and you will have  good time. The gameplay while not the most complex is fun and addicting.
,Recommended,291860,30090626,Posted: 21 February,all,Khoco,"Personally, I was never a big fan of turn based RPG's, until now. The humour of Behemoth is as good as ever in this game. Everything seems to be really balanced and this game is great for that. The game makes it so if you are with or without a friend, there will be a challenge that isn't too hard either way. The leveling system of Castle Crashers is there, which I appreciate, and the names are hands down the best thing.Hard Nipples, my best warrior.10/10 Can't wait for more story."
76561198312366381,Recommended,291860,32511869,Posted: 17 June,all,Anthony the Chog,Is gud game 10/10 very gud and foony game oof
,Recommended,291860,29276801,Posted: 15 January,all,Brett,I never knew how much I wanted a post apocalyptic game from Behemoth...I wanted it......I really really wanted it...
,Recommended,291860,29290309,Posted: 15 January,all,Konie☆ #College,Played the Beta and playing the Early Access now too.And still...STILL!I really don't want to share my blueberries...
,Recommended,291860,29819565,Posted: 10 February,all,Steven Smiley,"The Behemoth coming out strong with another amazing title. I love Castle Crashers as well as Alien Hominid. I have not played Battleblock Theater yet, but I plan to soon, I've owned it since launch. One of the best game developers out there, and definitely one of my top 3 favorite developers. I love you guys, you make amazing games. 10/10 Can't wait for the full release."
76561198005894566,Recommended,291860,29374457,Posted: 20 January,all,BoxingBud,"I am really enjoying the game!So I watched gameplay videos etc to get a sense of wether Pit People would be for me. I took a leap (with my credit card that's no unheard of) and I do not regret my decision for one second! The game isn't perfect but it's great for me. I'll list pros and cons and depending on your taste in games you might have a different experience.Pros- Simple to learn system. You move your character to where you want and if they can do an action in that space they will.- Character customization: You have your stock plot characters but you can also recruit any of the denizens of the world. You can't change their name or ""class"" if they're a monster, but you can collect literally 1000 different helmets, (which are somtimes hair styles) weapons, armor etc. Getting a character with a funny name is many a player's goal.- No bugs for me. I haven't found any bugs yet, or graphical or sound problems.- I love the music, it wavers between this weird techno to silly haphazard metal.- The animation is smooth and I like the simple style.Cons-The game itself is not complete and that's ok for me, it tells you and you can keep playing after that part in the plot. Technically a con but it's out there in plain site for us to see befor we purchase.-Atmosphere. I enjoy the abstract and comedic design of the game's world, some people might not. This isn't a dark and brooding tactical rpg clearly.- Interface! I DID have trouble figuring out what buttons do what in some cases because they are simpily a graphic, not actually labeled. I don't like how if you hover to another character by accident or another equipment (like from helmets to weapons tab) you go to that field as if you clicked. BUT you can also go there by clicking so it creates some confusion but it's not game breaking or anything. I suggest one interface method or the other when it comes to menu screens. Everywhere else in the game is great.Watch videos, ask the message boards, check out screenshots, whatever you wanna do. As always see how you feel befor you buy this game and research. I made a good purchase."
76561197961554116,Recommended,291860,30018908,Posted: 18 February,all,Xrossover,"Pit Peopleis another great turn-based charming strategy game on Steam. I didn't finish the main story line yet because I don't usually do that during Early Access phase or I wouldn't play the main story after its full release. But despite that, I've finished necessary main quests to enjoy the game's full aspect and some few sub-quests.STORYSo having played only intro missions, so far the story is funny yet very random! So far, I have no desire to finish the main story during early access phase, I cannot say much about it at this moment. Sub-quests are also great as situations often go hilariously unexpected. So far people are saying main story is quite short so I hope main story becomes longer than it is and maybe more sub-quests!GAMEPLAYThere are huge customization options in Pit People. Every units can fit into different roles depending on which weapons, shields and helmet you desire to put them on. As you explore the overworld, there are different unit types you can ""recruit"" by capturing them like Pokemon. Many of these units carry different avatars of item types, so capturing them becomes addictive. Although there are currently 19 types of units in this game, I wish for more types of units to capture.Having to level them up during progression makes your units personally attached. Unlike XCOM, there is no permadeath so it's okay for them to die. Permadeath would be another good addition if there will be a sandbox mode.As turn-based strategy game, the positioning is extremely important. Unlike other games, you only command your units to move in specific positions while they will do anything on their own to their possible attackable enemies. But don't worry, they will do their best to win the battle.The overworld is huge! There are 125 POIs you can explore and features many different biomes to sink your foot in.While it's very fun to explore these places, I wish for randomized sandbox mode, which would increase higher replayability in exploring, randomized quests.Overworld is procedurally randomized, so hopefully there will be more than 125 POIs on full release as I am already reaching near 100%Co-op campaign and pvp are great options to enjoy with friends and strangers over Internet. These make perfect reason why capturing units outside of the city is more enjoyable. Seriously, Pit People needs more interesting unit types to ""recruit""! There are many different things to try like Insane mode, the pit with AI vs Players and etc which increases replayability.AESTHETICSArt style is very consistent across Behemoth games. Having played their older games back in Newgrounds, they still retains that funny and funky art style. Avatars for each units are usually random and hilarious, having 1357 of them are excellent! Only thing I would point out is that some vector graphics are pixelated when zoomed in, maybe this should be eradicated when leaving Early Access. Excellent sound design, love the vicious narrator, overall very good!OVERALLEven though this is early access title, it's well polished, very fun, highly replayable. Pokemon aspect truly shines as well as team-building aspect of this game. The game is very well balanced and it is the wonderful game to collect in your collection!"
76561198238853544,Recommended,291860,31874380,Posted: 20 May,all,lieutennantderp,"the singleplahyer combat is irrelivent, but it is still ok at multiplayer and has something that make it worth sticking to. also: THE best soundtrack on steam, period"
,Recommended,291860,29609218,Posted: 31 January,all,Sundae,"Bought Behemoth's other two games expecting the same amazing narrator and same amazing art style, Got both of them and the Spanish Conqueror who draws amazing cupcake drawings, 10/10 would let bear still my child again"
76561198169384108,Recommended,291860,29345806,Posted: 18 January,all,M.S. Paint,good game
,Recommended,291860,29257997,Posted: 14 January,all,Brav0,Very awesome game. 10/10 IGN Rates
,Recommended,291860,29447987,Posted: 23 January,all,JaBu,"This gmae is awesome. Its good balanced hard and strategish game its fun and with friends its more fun! Campaing isnt that long but the story line is good, Its kinda short but its early access and its fun. Characters are fun jokes are good and big bad boss is kinda fun (ending) when u complete the early access campaign you can play pit what is very fun, and you can try to beat unfair pit. Its fun i would rate this game 9/10 cuz campaign is kinda short but its almost perfect game!"
,Recommended,291860,29655524,Posted: 2 February,all,neotev,I give many teeny tiny iced creams for this game. Its not nearly finished but worth the price nonetheless. Early Access as it should be done
,Recommended,291860,29970264,Posted: 16 February,all,TheGreatFWT,Good Game to play with friends.
,Recommended,291860,30110653,Posted: 22 February,all,Dope Man,love the game
,Recommended,291860,29635948,Posted: 1 February,all,Theoneofmanytoms,This game made me hungry
,Recommended,291860,29635875,Posted: 1 February,all,High Impact Sexual Misconduct,"Set the game to auto battle, then did laundry. Came back top of the leaderboard.10/10 would wash whites again"
76561198141660191,Recommended,291860,29637053,Posted: 1 February,all,ChaseThisLight,This is gonna be SO GOOD when it's finished.
,Recommended,291860,30110892,Posted: 22 February,all,Sweet Baby Micky,oh hell yeah
76561198274762738,Recommended,291860,30175701,Posted: 25 February,all,Toasty,Another wonderful game by Behemoth. Good job!
76561198213230984,Recommended,291860,29325867,Posted: 17 January,all,hermitcrab123,Honestly I love all of the behemoths games they are all great and this just adds more fun to be had
,Recommended,291860,29326905,Posted: 17 January,all,Mr.Plush toy,i have little play time on it but come on its a game made by the company known for making good games i love it hell if you dont wanna play it has an auto combat feature and just watch the story unfold !
76561198053865774,Recommended,291860,32757896,Posted: 24 June,all,Retago,"It's like chess, but INFINITY times better!"
76561198083842821,Recommended,291860,29616759,Posted: 31 January,all,Conga_Buster,love it it so CRAAAAAAZY and sooooooooooooooooo COOOOOOOOOOOOL
76561198275818582,Recommended,291860,29301519,Posted: 16 January,all,ChefDoryardee,"The game is great and funny, simple gameplay and great to play with friends"
,Recommended,291860,29235081,Posted: 13 January,all,Tek,"I like Behemoth's style.I like turn based games.I like music from Newgrounds.I like gameplay incentivized with unlocks.I like Stamper narrating anything, even if it's just the same♥♥♥♥♥♥as always, really - it doesn't get old.So yeah I recommend it."
,Recommended,291860,30560307,Posted: 16 March,all,8-BITLORD,"Ok, fun game but I refunded it because not enough story is done. I will buy it again when story mode is done."
,Recommended,291860,34249903,Posted: 14 August,all,"negative, I am a meat popsickle",its good xd
76561198169228436,Recommended,291860,29532205,Posted: 27 January,all,kenny2123,This is is very well design and all that but I think castle crashers and battleblock theater are better.
,Recommended,291860,35136778,Posted: 22 September,all,Sombra,I am so desperate for the sound track to this game...
76561198117153713,Recommended,291860,29386108,Posted: 20 January,all,Wittler,"Tons to do despite the story not being fully available due to early access.  Humour, Strategy and an overall setting that is top notch if you are a fan of Behemoth games."
76561198103942959,Recommended,291860,30108594,Posted: 22 February,all,RobertRewind,My first look into pit peoplehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yTKQlN7jbo0I think the game is a ton of fun you should really try it out. Its crazy and involves strategy some of my faverite things!
76561198135140705,Not Recommended,291860,35069098,Posted: 19 September,all,GeoWolf,"If you liked Behemoths other games maybe hold your horses on this one. Pit People whilst sharing an art style and humour isn't at all like those games. Unlike other Behemoth games it isnt fast paced and its humor comes from the story rather than from its visuals and its gameplay isn't exactly top notch. Its supposed to a stratagy game but bar a few differing abilities there is not much to the combat, you get to choose where your characters move and thats it. The turn based system is also painfully slow too making battles just not that fun. Every fight is just ""move here, now wait"".I also didn't think it was that funny, like i said before it puts its humor into the dialoge rather than visual gags like in other games, the world is still fantastic in many places though. The visuals are great in combat and out of it with a lot going on in the backgrounds. The story is its strongest part but as of now its just a handful of quests and a few (really good) cutscenes.This game isn't bad but it isn't ""overhelmingly positive"" in my view. If its combat got beefed up so the player would actually do stuff in it then this game would be great."
76561198084754360,Not Recommended,291860,34095615,Posted: 7 August,all,The Definition of the Cats' Pjs,"I don't really know what to write in this review, I am a huge fan of Behemoth, (I mean look at my profile) but I can't say that I enjoyed most of my time playing, in fact, my playtime as I write this review is incredibly little for me, when I get a new game I can easily spend 20 hours on it or more in a week.I was hyped for this game, and when it was released into Early Access I wanted to get it immediately, but I forgot later, and when I eventually did buy it was more because it was a Behemoth game than anything else.Probably my biggest problem with the game is it's not quite as action-packed as most Behemoth games are, this tends to be slow, and the entire gameplay is moving your characters and then your characters do whatever they want. Essentially gameplay is slow and not too engaging, it feels like an incredibly simple board game, it might NOT be incredibly simple but it certainly seems like it. Also, combat and overall gameplay is incredibly repetitive.Despite being an open-world, their doesn't seem to be much to do, in this game you can pick a quest that has little amusing cutscenes explaining the situation, then you fight. And the combat just isn't enjoyable for me, because again, it's simply selecting a character and moving them. Exploration seems fairly bland to me, the world feels almost randomly generated, being open plains with tree/mountain/buildings/water that have no seemingly real significance besides being things you need to walk around. I'd go so far as to say exploring in Castle Crashers and Battleblock Theater was more interesting. In Castle Crashers you could go through a level, find a cool new weapon, blow up walls to find hidden rooms, or even bring that one bird that finds secrets. In Battleblock Theater you could find secret rooms, and walls that looked real but you could actually walk through, leading you to treasure like gems or yarn.Treasure is also interesting in Pit People, as far as I know, there is:-New units.-New Cosmetics/Armor.-New Weapons.It seems to me from my time playing that Pit People has the most character customization, but personally with the different types of weapons and armor I think they overdid it, it's been a while, but I remember lots of different options for armor and weapons. I believe there is like 3 types of shields, 3 types of helmets, a few different types of bows and swords. Seems kind of like a lot for a game so simple. In my opinion, Battleblock Theater actually did weapons really well, weapons are so incredibly different there are lots of things you can do with each one. (Freezing ice or exploding frogs?) Unlike Pit People in my opinion, where you can trade a light shield for a slightly bigger shield. (And yes I am aware that these have minor differences, you know what I mean.)The humor, possibly the most important thing. Hmm. When I played the game, I was amused for most of the experience, but nothing sticks out as a particularly funny moment and I actually don't recall laughing at all. I won't pretend to be a humor expert, but I didn't laugh.I think it's cool that Behemoth has decided to branch out a bit from their usual (beat-em-up?) games, but personally it's not my cup of tea so far. Maybe it will be though, the game is still in Early Access, right? I don't really think I'd recommend this game unfortunately, I really do love Behemoth, but this game isn't something I'd recommend to someone (But I'd still encourage them to try it anyway) who:A: Enjoyed previous Behemoth games.B: Enjoys strategy games.As I haven't said much of anything positive in this review, I'm going to have to not recommend it. Which is causing me physical pain, I love Behemoth, and I'll try this game again sometime.If I remember more things I will update this review."
,Recommended,291860,32710846,Posted: 23 June,all,savagedab69,"The Chernobyl disaster, also referred to as the Chernobyl accident, was a catastrophic nuclear accident. It occurred on 26 April 1986 in the No.4 light water graphite moderated reactor at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant near Pripyat, in what was then part of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic of the Soviet Union (USSR).During a late-night safety test which simulated a station blackout power-failure and in which safety systems were deliberately turned off, a combination of inherent reactor design flaws, together with the reactor operators arranging the core in a manner contrary to the checklist for the test, eventually resulted in uncontrolled reaction conditions that flashed water into steam generating a destructive steam explosion and a subsequent open-air graphite fire.[note 1] This fire produced considerable updrafts for about 9 days, that lofted plumes of fission products into the atmosphere, with the estimated radioactive inventory that was released during this very hot fire phase, approximately equal in magnitude to the airborne fission products released in the initial destructive explosion.[1] Practically all of this radioactive material would then go on to fall-out/precipitate onto much of the surface of the western USSR and Europe.The Chernobyl accident dominates the energy accidents sub-category, of most disastrous nuclear power plant accident in history, both in terms of cost and casualties. It is one of only two nuclear energy accidents classified as a level 7 event (the maximum classification) on the International Nuclear Event Scale, the other being the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster in Japan in 2011. The struggle to safeguard against scenarios which were, at many times falsely, perceived as having the potential for greater catastrophe and the later decontamination efforts of the surroundings, ultimately involved over 500,000 workers and cost an estimated 18 billion rubles. During the accident, blast effects caused 2 deaths within the facility and later 29 firemen and employees died in the days-to-months afterward from acute radiation syndrome, with the potential for long-term cancers still being investigatedThe remains of the No.4 reactor building were enclosed in a large sarcophagus (radiation shield) by December 1986, at a time when what was left of the reactor was entering the cold shut-down phase; the enclosure was built quickly as occupational safety for the crews of the other undamaged reactors at the power station, with No.3 continuing to produce electricity into 2000.The accident motivated safety upgrades on all remaining Soviet-designed reactors in the RBMK (Chernobyl No.4) family, of which eleven continued to power electric grids as of 2013."
,Not Recommended,291860,33446140,Posted: 10 July,all,Mr.Blue,"The loss of control when it comes to combat makes it a real bummer. Fights are a tossup, your controllable team fights in a slobberknocker every fight because you cant choose which opponent you want to target when theres more than one connected to your character. This loss of control makes it feel pointless to use anything than auto-battle when units take SO LONG to kill. I have not experienced co-op multiplayer so there might be solace there.Recruiting all these unique units is pretty fun, but they're inconvenient to use when I just want straight damage to blow through the fights faster.Tl;dr: Units have too much health, strategy game with auto-target, super long fights, might as well auto-battle every fight.Looking forward to see if further updates plan to resolve or change up combat."
76561198040624784,Recommended,291860,29230810,Posted: 13 January,all,Acemond,"Have they gone too far? Yes, absolutely."
76561198175901459,Recommended,291860,29404393,Posted: 21 January,all,Flaretest77,"This game is great it obviously isnt finished but, when it is it could very well become my favorite game."
,Recommended,291860,30104485,Posted: 22 February,all,Hotter Than Hentai™,The cutscenes are great and comedic like in battleblock theater and you can assault children it's gr8
,Recommended,291860,29236559,Posted: 13 January,all,SPOOKYmetroid,This game was made by the Behemoth.
,Recommended,291860,32729886,Posted: 24 June,all,Redmcdevil,Nice!!! :) Puit me in to good mood
,Recommended,291860,32793390,Posted: 25 June,all,twitch.tv/CamBlaBen,"instant favorite of all time. played 5 hours first sitting and only stopped because, you know ... you have to eat.If your here right now, thinking about buying this game and even reading this very comment.. Do use both a favor , and allow yourself to endulge in one of the all time greatest creations of gaming.I did the first 5 solo for no particular reason just fyi :P:D"
,Recommended,291860,29321507,Posted: 17 January,all,Raspberrymangos,Good stuff
,Recommended,291860,29454755,Posted: 23 January,all,george,tons of meme hats10/10
,Recommended,291860,29403139,Posted: 21 January,all,NatriP,"I may have only played this game for 2.5 hours, but this game is extremely addicting.If you enjoy strategic, action role-playing games with friends, then this game would be perfect for you.If you enjoy local co-op games, this game is amazing with another person, it is next to impossible for this game to become boring with a friend.The story is hilarious, and you can even battle with other people online, which is an amazing feature.The voice acting by Stamper is, as always, ridiculously funny.The style of animation makes the game 10x more interesting.I can never skip a cutscene, literally all cutscenes are funny and amazing.Allthough the camera angles can get wonky, I give this game a 10/10"
,Recommended,291860,29281441,Posted: 15 January,all,BeeMovieTheGame,Well idk wut to say... it's a REALLY good game but... i thought there was going to be A LOT more story than wut it has. If ur looking for a good multyplayer game id recomend it but for a story game. HELL. NO.
,Recommended,291860,29812756,Posted: 9 February,all,4 Liter,besyt geam very go de like the comboat very slick
,Recommended,291860,29665283,Posted: 3 February,all,DanStevenson,SsSssSsssshhHHHhhh... I don't care you don't like turn based strategy games. JUST BUY IT!I SAY BUY IT!
,Recommended,291860,29577972,Posted: 29 January,all,Content,this game makes me nut how can anyone not like this
76561198010020885,Recommended,291860,29578808,Posted: 29 January,all,Soundspark,"10/10, would stab a man with a swordfish again"
,Recommended,291860,29370041,Posted: 19 January,all,.meany,gucci mustard lol
,Recommended,291860,29473412,Posted: 24 January,all,StayWoke,Pit People is for cool people
76561198105013908,Recommended,291860,29322740,Posted: 17 January,all,Shy,The music?THE BEST!gamei donno is alright
76561198169054033,Recommended,291860,29306146,Posted: 16 January,all,Gurintat,"Another fun and querky game by The Behemoth and I love it! Its very competitive, addicting, and easy to start playing."
,Recommended,291860,29330406,Posted: 17 January,all,CompositeMist,"I don't know much about Pit People, but I do know the plot for JoJo's Bizarre Adventure!In 1999 in the town of Morioh located in S-City, Josuke Higashikata is a popular boy in high school who becomes quick friends with one of his classmates, Koichi Hirose. When Josuke's nephew Jotaro Kujo (who's older than he is due to his father being his nephew's grandfather, hence the age difference) appears, Josuke is suddenly pulled into the world of the supernatural powers known as stands. One of DIO's henchmen has brought the Bow and Arrow to Morioh and someone has been using it on various people in the town creating Stand users—as discovered when one of them, the murderer Anjuro ""Angelo"" Katagiri, uses the power of his Stand Aqua Necklace to try and kill Josuke for interfering with his plans to rob a store and generally disturb the peace in Morioh earlier. Aqua Necklace manages to kill Josuke's grandfather, Ryohei Higashikata, in revenge for him being jailed by him. Josuke and Jotaro eventually capture him and, as a consequence of insulting Josuke's hair, ends up getting fused to the rock he was leaning on at the time, becoming a tourist attraction known as ""Angelo Rock"" in the process."
,Recommended,291860,29806426,Posted: 9 February,all,Django Reinhardt,"""Behemot""PS : This narrator voice is EPIC"
,Recommended,291860,29788834,Posted: 8 February,all,Un œuf,solid mate
76561198162059879,Recommended,291860,29317559,Posted: 17 January,all,x253silentninja,This game is so good it reminds me so much of castle crashers and i hope to have hundreds of hours played on this game.
76561198051323859,Recommended,291860,29318399,Posted: 17 January,all,Brotalix,Best Early Access Game i have ever played!It is like Pokemon you gotta catch them all!
76561198073744727,Recommended,291860,29317269,Posted: 17 January,all,Supa Hot Goes First,"Buy if you like Insanity, Comedy, Battleblock Theater, Potatoes or turn-based RPGs."
76561198000711728,Recommended,291860,29317277,Posted: 17 January,all,Knight Guy,Fun and Entertaining strategy game.  Easy to get into.
,Recommended,291860,29914658,Posted: 13 February,all,👻 Spooky DonkeyDick 👻,nice my dude.
,Recommended,291860,29624156,Posted: 1 February,all,Huntor🎃,"Behemoth is back, equipment menus need work though."
76561198087230064,Recommended,291860,29272234,Posted: 15 January,all,XavierTheIcy,This game is just great...
76561198143382592,Recommended,291860,29231419,Posted: 13 January,all,Pardon My Swag (Albi),Good.
,Recommended,291860,29231485,Posted: 13 January,all,Gaming Pig,fun
,Recommended,291860,29231293,Posted: 13 January,all,Riouh,Buy it. Quickly.
,Recommended,291860,30223315,Posted: 27 February,all,AdolfHitler,lv.99 is too short
,Recommended,291860,33819021,Posted: 26 July,all,TheLazzyGamer,Great funny game what are you waiting for buy it!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198143393329,Recommended,291860,29874489,Posted: 12 February,all,0LivErVDe,Да
,Recommended,291860,29845675,Posted: 11 February,all,I'M SOMETHING BUT IDK WHAT,this game is pretty fun it's like chess on drugs but i think it was to over hyped but i do recomend it also it has bonus content for owning battleblock theater and castle crashers
,Recommended,291860,30797958,Posted: 28 March,all,trooperclonerex,It is a very good game Thats all i need to say
,Recommended,291860,29540861,Posted: 28 January,all,Jachymor,"A Fire Emblem like strategy game which, despite poop-humour, memes and silly puns, still instills the same level of epicness as the genre defining classics. High quality production value and, for Early Access, lots of content with working multiplayer.Good for: Hobby strategists and coop buddiesBad for: Hardcore Final Fantasy Tactics Enthusiasts"
,Recommended,291860,29825450,Posted: 10 February,all,Sdm2001,WHOOPS BUTTER FINGERS (presses purchase)
76561198064970715,Recommended,291860,29670970,Posted: 3 February,all,Meep,Amazing
76561198214323611,Recommended,291860,29535408,Posted: 27 January,all,GeekyNerd2000,"So, far this is my favorite game of 2017. Behemoth has delivered with a fun comedic, and unique spin on strategy games. The story as of right now is short but, sweet. Combat is creative, and inuitive. Charcters are unique, and costemizable. I remember feeling the way I did when I got Civ V. The Behemoth has really pulled through on that One More Turn ordeal. Even though this is in early access this is a must buy for any Behemoth fan, and a must buy for any strategy fan.As if Posiedon himself put his hand out in friendship ,and they spat in his mouth!"
,Recommended,291860,29440436,Posted: 23 January,all,Commando,"as a castle crashers fan, i absolutely love this game, its fun and amazing."
,Recommended,291860,29405919,Posted: 21 January,all,the dankest of memes bro,"It's a game made by behemoth, we should know it's gonna be GOOD!"
,Recommended,291860,29404119,Posted: 21 January,all,herowolv,The Behemoth games are always good but the stroy is short right now cant wait for full version
,Recommended,291860,34385573,Posted: 20 August,all,Soap,Jams
76561198201586628,Recommended,291860,33572950,Posted: 15 July,all,WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW,my name jeff
,Recommended,291860,29706351,Posted: 4 February,all,LennyFacesAndMemes,"Really exspensive for what the game is, other than that it is a great game with the least amount of bugs you can find in a early access game on Steam"
,Recommended,291860,30865426,Posted: 31 March,all,boiling water,"(Review updated, my old one sucked)The Behemoth knows how to make good games.But they don't do that.They go above and beyond ""good"".Pit People is a fine example of an awesome game (which I hope *some* game developers would take into mind).The game has you engaging in turn-based combat, where every character can move several tiles each turn. When characters are close to one another, they will fight, which, is the point of the game, to destroy the enemy. The gameplay doesn't get boring because of all the different quests, customization, etc.The graphics are ridiculously smooth, with very nice artwork and animation.The dialog can be hilarious at times, which is another thing The Behemoth excells at.Of course, with every game, it is definitely not for everyone. If you would rather play a more action-packed game, I reccomend Castle Crashers.I guess that's the end of my review then."
76561198258572049,Recommended,291860,31730510,Posted: 13 May,all,dizzykip,nice game but i would not spend more than 100 hours playing it
,Recommended,291860,30168760,Posted: 25 February,all,cooperspy,noice
,Recommended,291860,30107139,Posted: 22 February,all,Darkdied,YES.ps: you're welcome.
,Recommended,291860,29235294,Posted: 13 January,all,Presto Magesto,"After being introduced to The Behemoth a few months before the release of the Pit People Early Access, and having fallen in love with their game titles and quirky artstyle, I was excited the see what their new game would be like. A friend and I bought it the day it came out, even though I'm not a huge fan of turn-based strategy games. However, Pit People is so much more than that: with its incredible humour, interesting characters, and thousands of unlocks and things to do, it's so much fun to play with a friend.The updates have been releasing at a good pace, with it currently being on the fourth one, and with more story missions on the way, I'm very excited to see where this game goes from here. I'm definitely glad that The Behemoth decided to make an Early Access for it, as we get to see the game develop and become bigger until eventually it is a final product.Pros:-Incredible humour.-Fun gameplay.-Lots of customisation.Cons:-Currently an unfinished product.-Occasional bugs.-Much better with two people.8/10"
76561198272288889,Recommended,291860,33929948,Posted: 31 July,all,RocketPigeon,it alright
,Recommended,291860,33356238,Posted: 7 July,all,Goldpool,You get to make a trail of♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Not Recommended,291860,32969743,Posted: 28 June,all,Sparktacus,"The game is fun and jolly the first few hours of playing it and then you realize its repetitive, boring, and there isn't much really added to the game. At that point you can no longer return the game because you've already played it to nonexistence.Music is good. Story is good, but short and incomplete. The battle is unique but limited and stats really don't matter, it's just a bunch of numbers to make you feel good about your people. Then you have the customization of head peices... which is fun, but that's about all you can customize.I will give this game a 4/10 for its deceptive fun factor. I try to pick this game back up but i can't seem to want to waste my time bad enough."
76561198006748705,Not Recommended,291860,33855679,Posted: 28 July,all,Despic,"The game started off strong with the funny plot line and humour (although it does wear thin after a while with the quests),and I think it was a mistake on my part to believe that there would be many different types of items and characters when there were about as many as you could count on both hands. It essentially has a limited variety of characters and items, but a large number of garish and absurd skins. This is a decent game (not buggy) but boring. And a boring game just can't be a good game.5/10. Would not recommend that you buy it."
,Recommended,291860,29682939,Posted: 3 February,all,🎃 Honl SPOOKPASTA 🎃,My big butt makes big poops.
76561198145540679,Recommended,291860,29425806,Posted: 22 January,all,H                              J,REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
,Recommended,291860,29321601,Posted: 17 January,all,labtob,Horatio.. u da real MVPP.
76561198128315443,Recommended,291860,33346622,Posted: 7 July,all,Trovedying,yes.
76561198016758801,Recommended,291860,29579310,Posted: 29 January,all,Murph,Is good.
,Recommended,291860,29231222,Posted: 13 January,all,xicyhandsx,"this. is. WOOWat first i was a bit unsure if i would enjoy this game as strategy is not my favorite genre.but then i was like 'hey, this is The Behemoth!' (i LOVE BattleBlock Theater and really enjoyed Castle Crashers)so i bought Pit People...AND OMG THE GRAPHICS, THE SOUNDTRACK, THE STORY OMG OMG!!1so don't hesitate. just buy it.thank you guys for making awesome games <3"
76561198091827506,Recommended,291860,29602104,Posted: 31 January,all,Meconium,"This game is addictive af, I hope they bring it to the mac."
,Recommended,291860,29249312,Posted: 14 January,all,spooky joku,good
,Recommended,291860,29837583,Posted: 10 February,all,Mystamous,"A well written love story about a humble blueberry farmer, or was it raspberry? Anywho, he embarks upon an epic quest to own his own private zoo, sanctioned by the great emperor Hulius Iceberg II himself. He encounters many great foes and funny hijinks along his path to greatness. But then a giant space bear comes in, voiced by the great StampyLongNos-*Sorry what was that? Oh Smoke- No? You mean Smokey, yeah it's Smokey.""Voiced by the excellent Smokey the Bear, Pit People is a one of a kind The Hobbit-style visual novel.Hair Troll/10 ArtAll Mortar Team/10 MusicHoratio-Stache/10 GameIts Gud."
,Recommended,291860,29346375,Posted: 18 January,all,Mr. Kerple,It's good game
,Recommended,291860,29231895,Posted: 13 January,all,ace visconti,buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game buy this game
76561198013232172,Recommended,291860,29565154,Posted: 29 January,all,Blaauwe,skyrim+goatsimulator+ ageofempires is  this game
76561198055297420,Recommended,291860,29309993,Posted: 16 January,all,Eclipse | Tralixian,.
76561198025133952,Recommended,291860,29444024,Posted: 23 January,all,Mr Tumnus,Top
,Recommended,291860,29535834,Posted: 27 January,all,snow,im ok with this
,Recommended,291860,29629507,Posted: 1 February,all,Hjárta,"It's way too slow, takes more than 10 minutes for a simple battle. If you liked castle crashers, you are going to hate this. All in all tho if you like this style of game then you will probably like it."
76561198121064824,Recommended,291860,29536429,Posted: 28 January,all,SilverBack,Its Lit
,Recommended,291860,32302121,Posted: 9 June,all,AShadyZebra,"The devs all but abandoned this, but the devs have no shame in their game and I respec that."
76561198084935483,Recommended,291860,29239710,Posted: 13 January,all,iMSaiyan,"This game can really get you addicted. I've played for 2.3 hours and did not realize it at all. The only thing is I wish there were more weapon stats, there are 5 weapons stats and the rest are just skins. Capturing monsters is a very cool concept as well. It's cutely drawn and well made, it'll definitely make you laugh.I have not ran into any bugs yet and the PVP/Multiplayer aspect of the game is great as you can play with one other person online and do quests together. I have no gripes about the game. Recommended!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p382piWOrec"
,Recommended,291860,29303518,Posted: 16 January,all,og gangster,my friend called everyone he met in this game a hacker and the game has been out for less than a day
76561198182942186,Recommended,291860,33887230,Posted: 29 July,all,JerkTheGruelsome,This game has memes as cosmetics.Do I really have to say anything else?
,Not Recommended,291860,29476139,Posted: 24 January,all,Jordan The Horrible,"Okay so, let me say I don't hate this game. I've actually been looking forward to it since it was annouced, as I am a huge fan of everything Behemoth does along with one of my favorite actors/voice actors/people Stamper. However, this game really just isn't fun to me. Like, the combat itself is extremely weak and unsatisfying as nothing really feels like you're actually doing anything. You can't plan for any battle, you can't choose who you attack, weapons are often just reskins and stats don't really matter too much. I know no one really cares about my opinion, so I'll just be brief. I find it hilarious, like the portion that is done was really funny as Stamper always is. The humor is here as they are known to do, but gameplay wise it's the weakest game yet. I'm really hoping somehow they fix it since nothing really feels fun besides hearing Stamper make silly voices."
,Recommended,291860,30426770,Posted: 10 March,all,Bazinga Force One,this looks like egoraptor0/10
,Recommended,291860,29793007,Posted: 8 February,all,snowbro456,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding cheese cake recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1 cup digestive plain sweet biscuit crumbs3 tablespoons sugar3 tablespoons melted butter40 ounces softened cream cheese1 cup sugar3 tablespoons flour1 tablespoon vanilla1 cup sour cream4 eggsDirections:For The base:.If you're using a dark pan, preheat the oven to 350. If you are using a shiny pan, 375.Combine the crumbs, melted butter and 3 tbsp sugar well and pat onto the bottom of a 9 inch springform pan. I also like to very very lightly butter the sides of the pan so that the cheesecake will not stick later on.Bake for 10 mins in your preheated oven and remove. Let it cool while you prepare your batter.For the batter:.Make sure everything is at room temperature.Combine sugar, cheese, flour and vanilla in a big bowl and mix on medium speed till well combined. Don't forget to scrape the bowl as you're doing this.Mix in the sour cream till its incorporated well. Then, add the eggs one by one, mixing well after each addition.Pour the batter into the springform and let it bake for 1 hour and 10 minutes After the baking time, turn off the oven and leave the door ajar. Let the cake cool in there for about 1 1/2 hours.Remove the cake and let it cool thoroughly. Refrigerate overnight.Release the sides of the springform.Eat."
76561198098155527,Recommended,291860,29578676,Posted: 29 January,all,Jayylmao,"Could easily say this is one of the best games on this website. Definally recomended and worth the buy,"
76561198087051770,Recommended,291860,29318604,Posted: 17 January,all,Yuki Hideyasu,"Behemoth made another amazing game, I'm happy, not suprised."
,Recommended,291860,29648783,Posted: 2 February,all,ZA WARUDO,Maths
,Recommended,291860,29235689,Posted: 13 January,all,Space Lobster,Yeah another great game by another great dev. Buy it or kill yourself
76561198319939787,Recommended,291860,30279720,Posted: 2 March,all,Fife,A Hideo Kojima Game.
,Recommended,291860,29588555,Posted: 30 January,all,Xilo The Odd,"its only still in development, but its one of those rare few that won me over on charm alone.as always, the narration from this group is spot on, voice acting and voices in general are top notch and fittingfairly simple graphically but it suits the genre and style well its an enviroment full of life with rich detailed characters strewn about the world.gameplay is pretty straight forward, move about the world to complete quests and battle/recruit foes use the money you've gathered to buy equipment styles and other useful things.but heres what sold me on this. ONLINE CO-OP. for really good titles it seems like a rare commodity, its either a Massive multiplayer game or any form of multi is competetive, but just like castle crashers this game delivers the ability most people want to see for the single player campaign, to bring a buddy. weather it'll be taken beyond a 2 player team beyond vs. mode would be interesting to see.all in all for its price, and the humor to be shared by this title, 15$ is far worth whats in store for the future.may frilly billy be with you."
,Recommended,291860,29626736,Posted: 1 February,all,Litanah,"I had an absolute blast playing this - this is how early access should be!Search ""Litanah Army"" on YouTube next week for my video featuring this awesome game!Better yet - just buy it!"
,Recommended,291860,29231667,Posted: 13 January,all,YOU ARE GOING TO JAIL,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥that was awasome i played both castle crashers and battleblock theater before in  castle crashers there was fun gameplay but the game lacked a story line sure there was story but it wasnt progressive and it was simple battleblock theater on the other hand hand there was a good story however it lacked gameplay like castle crashers when this games second trailer was shown i saw that there will be good gameplay and a story i bought the game today till the end of the early access and there was both a good story and good gameplay the gameplay is almost as good as cc but not quite the story is not nearly as good as bbts but it still is a good and progressive one so a little bit of both and overall i would place this game at the top of the list in bahemoths games
,Recommended,291860,29454269,Posted: 23 January,all,Fax MekClood,"I came into this game with low expectations as I was not familiarized with this kind of genre of game, I've always thought of it as boring and dull, boy was I wrong. Pit People is amazing, the gameplay itself is simple but takes strategy. The game has bundles of humour to offer throughout your journey. The game doesn't feel grindy nor dull, just fun.But... my only gripe would be a few minor bugs I've encountered, not game-changing bugs, just minor ones.Other than that I give this game a 10/10."
76561198261685208,Not Recommended,291860,30070022,Posted: 20 February,all,LArry,"I wanted this game to be good, but there are a few very important things that makes it disappointing. You get a team, and it's a turn by turn game where you get your team to fight other teams.The only thing you can control during combat is the movement of your characters. This is important because you can't control who your characters attack. Everything is extremely tanky, therefore no strategic planning is involved. Also, there are over 1000 items but 99% of them are cosmetic. What this means is that there are basically no strategy involved in what items your characters should equip. Yes, there are some very minor strategic decisions but they won't yield any interesting gameplay."
,Not Recommended,291860,29497001,Posted: 25 January,all,That Guy,games dead. no body plays any more. developer isnt releasing new content and even if they did it would just be skin swaps of existing junk weapons
76561198024915332,Recommended,291860,29379916,Posted: 20 January,all,Urubs,its ♥♥♥♥ing amazing no words
,Not Recommended,291860,30183137,Posted: 25 February,all,Barquest | Farmskins.com,"truly... i doesnt like this type of rpg, it doesnt have skills just attack with different movements and its sucks, levelup doesnt upgrade anything just a little ammount of stats. what we do is capture character and quest. Its more like ""Collecting games"" than ""RPG"".-i want to refund this game but ♥♥♥♥ i already play it 5 hours"
76561198041552633,Not Recommended,291860,35400400,Posted: 1 October,all,Pwnage Pineapples,"The combat takes forever, and the enemy teams do not feel balanced. It can take 20+ turns to kill one emey."
76561198040659710,Not Recommended,291860,30274937,Posted: 2 March,all,Pryde,"Its basically like simplified, childish chess - with a very loyal, review inflating fanbase.Loot is pretty much cosmetic only, the maps are simple and the concept has you moving characters to different squares and hoping they auto attack and crit - you dont control them other than movement.If you want a tactical turn based game, play Divinity. This is very casual, almost like an IOS game. Some will love it, its done very well - nice music, voice acting and art work but its just too shallow for me.Refunded it becaue I was expecting so much more based on the review score"
76561198112387136,Not Recommended,291860,33062169,Posted: 30 June,all,stregus23,i cant get past the title screen. Half of it is staticed out and it just gets worse as i try to play the game!
,Not Recommended,291860,33513667,Posted: 13 July,all,火遁豪火球の,"Once you get lost, say goodbye to all the progress you have made after your last save. No waypoint or directions to the city. Map needs lots of improvement and traveling from place to place takes soooo long because of unavoidable fights. Once you flee a battle once you cant flee again, and when you flee all your loot just gets tossed out on top of other fights waiting to happen."
76561198070402571,Not Recommended,291860,33443684,Posted: 10 July,all,goatymen,"i disliked the game, videos made me believe it would be full of action and such, but there are no spells or whatsoever. had the game been cheaper maybe i would've tried it longer but i prefered a refund over the risk of not liking it for 16$"
76561198346091171,Recommended,291860,29231181,Posted: 13 January,all,RNGesus,Pros:-Stamper narrates the gameThat should be enough.
,Not Recommended,291860,29999800,Posted: 17 February,all,Vexenite,The combat is extremely stale. Comedy is great but it just isn't enough to keep me playing.
,Not Recommended,291860,34163165,Posted: 11 August,all,Fleshmeister,"Refunded, was way too boring for me. I enjoyed castle crashers more.Just not my type of game!"
76561198103638885,Not Recommended,291860,32626573,Posted: 21 June,all,urbanmonkey,funny at the start but becomes boring very quickly
,Recommended,291860,29229006,Posted: 13 January,all,WeRs[Rus],I SAID HORATIO DIES
,Not Recommended,291860,32422121,Posted: 14 June,all,Shadows,"The closest game that resembles pit people is pirate101, in which the gameplay also revolves around moving fighters on a grid-like pattern. However, what this game is really missing areabilitiesfor each fighter. Sure, cupcakes heal, archers shoot from afar, and robots can chain attacks, but there isn't much in terms of ability and interactivity. Just moving fighters around and praying they hit their targets."
76561198173414697,Not Recommended,291860,31548843,Posted: 4 May,all,Creeping Cluster,"This game has...- Great Mechanics- Enjoyable Music- Fairly balanced gameplay- Very nice graphics- Funny JokesWhat this game doesn't have (and why I'm downvoting this)- a Completed story (seriously it takes like 1-2 hours to complete what little story this game has so far. Which is fine because it's early access but it's still to short)- A active community, which is the main reason why I'm downvoting because once you complete the story and capture at least 3 of every creature in the game. You find out there is nothing left to do but fight in the pit. BUT THEN you realize no one is ever online or worse yet, there is no one online that wants to fight in the pit. There is a setting that allows you to fight people from other countries instead of just people in the same country as you, but still after 15 minutes of waiting still no one will join. The only time you're gonna find someone is if you either A.) Play with a friend. or B.) play on the weekend afternoon because that's the only time you're gonna find at least one other player to play against.Maybe once the game comes out of early access (which who knows how long that will take) more people will buy the game. Even then though it took only about a couple months after this game came into early access for the community to die so who is to say it won't happen again once it gets out of early access.Honestly I actually do love this game but once you do mostly everything you can do in single player the game is pretty much done because no one wants to PvP in the pit."
76561198177247446,Not Recommended,291860,33549215,Posted: 14 July,all,timmmota,hard to fix screen when you use long range weapon
,Not Recommended,291860,29413309,Posted: 21 January,all,Asonity,"I'm reviewing this game in it's current state, and so far, I've had alot of fun with Pit People. The humor is perfect, and the art is fantastic. There are so many different weapons and units to delve into and figure out; However, this is part of the problem. The game throws you in with a minimal tutorial and trying to figure out the game can be quite overwhelming.My first complaint is the way the team customization menu is set up. When trying to choose new swords or helmets for my characters, I often feel its very clunky and uninformative, and the lack of individual statistics for each piece of equipment, trying to figure out the balance of the game is hell. There is also no point in really equiping a sword over a mace because mace's can bash helmets. Swords cant and they both deal around the same damage.My second complaint is the different races and what they're good against and weak against. It simply gives symbols without telling me what exactly those symbols mean. I wish there was more direction in what these mean and more explanation in the Surival Journal. Traveling around the map seems like a mess because I see all these monuments that I just discovered, but it's just very confusing and nothing is truly recognizable. Unlike in Castle Crashers where there were different and recognizable districts with different enemies. Here, the map is just a cluster of different biomes clashed together in no recognizable structure and generic monuments that I cant really tell apart.Also, what even does leveling up do to my character other than refill their health?Sorry if this review seems like a mess, I wrote it quickly. Other than these complaints though, I have no big problems. I have loved all of behemoth's previous games and they are amazing. I trust they'll improve this game and make it even better than it is right now in Early Access."
76561198110865958,Not Recommended,291860,32185054,Posted: 4 June,all,Yrucaleb,Co-Op= Waiting for players simulator
76561198014493080,Not Recommended,291860,31781320,Posted: 15 May,all,Tswiggs,"Really terrible user interface with vague and unreadable descriptions.  That is unforgivable in a tactics game IMO.  Most weapons and gear seem the same, with just different looks. The battles are hard to control and kinda drag on.All that said, the foundation of the game is fun and a great idea.  Playing a tactics game with a friend is a blast, but they really need to look at implementing things like the UI better before I can recommend."
76561198055356391,Not Recommended,291860,30800339,Posted: 28 March,all,thewizardchrist,"I understand this is an alpha....but after the tutorial there is ONE main story quest...that is it. I spent some time hunting for new guys, and did a few side quests before I decided to delve into the main story quest...did that ONE SINGLE quest and that was it...no more main story."
,Not Recommended,291860,30187463,Posted: 25 February,all,Droktagone,Boring? But if you like board games it is worth a try.
76561198355680925,Not Recommended,291860,29953476,Posted: 15 February,all,KingPin,I can not for the life of me get this game to run. I have been trying for 3 days to run this game. It was working perfectly fine the very first time I booted it up and I was able to play a good couple hours of it. But when I tried to play the game a few days later the game was saying I could not access my save file. Than after the most recent update my antivirus is now blocking a file inside the games files. I also tried unistalling the game but the files still remain on my computer. Also I can't even access the games file folder to delete it because it says I don't have permission. So now the game is just sitting on my PC like a brick with no use just taking up space. I undertand bugs but this is something else honestly.
76561198026979419,Not Recommended,291860,32368174,Posted: 12 June,all,Nimbuscloud,"It's fun.  If you've liked their games in the past, you'll probably like pit people.  You can't really customize your characters though...  you capture them, and you can equip them, which is not really the same at all.  That really, really grates against me, that that's one of the selling points."
76561198012244318,Not Recommended,291860,29994469,Posted: 17 February,all,AV,2 hour story line. not worth the price atm...
76561198034042609,Not Recommended,291860,33975062,Posted: 2 August,all,DooManiC,It's ok but I hate the controls.
76561198122132211,Not Recommended,291860,31912708,Posted: 22 May,all,Steve Harvey,"Honestly a little disapointed by this one boys, Dose not live up castle crashers and that other one that was really good. Kinda boring if im being real with ya"
76561198206189349,Not Recommended,291860,33386165,Posted: 8 July,all,DwarfLord69,"liked this game alot at first but i quickly relized how unfair the combat is as soon as i noticed i was at a 2-1 disadvantage and the ai likes to spam archers and artillary, not to mention all you get is a puny team of 6 (whitch is even less if you use cyclopses or trolls not to mention the ai sometimes will have damage boosting units which make things extremely unfair as they can support more units making the already difficult challenge harder, catching units is a nightmare espesially with pixies as they just stand back and set your whole team of fire with attacks that hit like a truck.would recomend if it were rebalenced properly but as of now it is completly unfair even of regular mode"
,Recommended,291860,29229656,Posted: 13 January,all,pustulio,this game is nice solid 10/10
76561198272372292,Not Recommended,291860,33962758,Posted: 1 August,all,i_throw_rocks_at_retarded_kids,this game seems neat but its not because the gameplay is simplistic and the camera jerks around and i dont feel compelled to keep playing because the gameplay and story suck
,Not Recommended,291860,30492517,Posted: 13 March,all,secel,"It's a demo not a game. If you want to pay for a demo then ok. The game is funny but it is also extremely poor and incomplete even for an early access, you end it in 1 hour and then all that remains are meaningless battles. I played and loved all the games of this company since alien hominid but Pit People in the current state is awful.Congratulations for stealing some money."
76561197964949239,Not Recommended,291860,30344680,Posted: 5 March,all,meZZo`forte,"Hmm, the story contant is exactly 2 hours long, i know i know, erlay access... but comon thats kind a scam... cant give the game back anymore....but however the 2 hours where very funy..."
,Not Recommended,291860,34105377,Posted: 8 August,all,Johnatan,Borrriingggg
,Not Recommended,291860,29274339,Posted: 15 January,all,rootb,"The game so far is good.  I mean, really, so far the combat is fun.However...- This game's controls are ♥♥♥♥ing infuriating.  It was clearly made for consoles.  The responsiveness and way the mouse works in this game is just bonkers.- Related to controls: specifically, navigating the fighter inventory area is clumsy and cumbersome.- Related to controls: the whole game is built upon ""Left Mouse Button selects,  RMB cancels"".  It's just not user-friendly for PC.- The amount of feedback/information about stats, items, etc. is killing me.  The number of times I stared at the screen asking myself ""what does this mean?"" tells me that they did not get enough feedback on the useability/UX side.- During combat: the art style, colors, animations during the planning phase makes it really hard to see what you're doing.  I've made a number of mistakes moving my players around and stuff because the way they display the planning phase is confusing.  There needs to be more of a clear delineation between characters, and a better way to give you a ""high-level"" overview of the battle during this phase.- The size of everything is like 300% too big.  It was clearly made for a TV sitting 8 feet away from you rather than a monitor 2 feet away.TL;DR it feels like a bad port.  The way that everyting is presented to you on screen is clearly indicative of a console game and that really hurts the PC experience."
76561198025867392,Not Recommended,291860,29512499,Posted: 26 January,all,Poop Smoocher,"The charm from past Behemoth games is gone.Yet another 'open world' game that makes you repeat the same tasks over and over with barely any story. Any story that's there is just pure random nonsense, which is funny to a degree but gets boring fast. As a massive lover of all things behemoth (purchased and beat their games multiple times on multiple consoles/PC), this one hugely let me down.The actual gameplay is fun until you realize there's no depth. There's no abilities or anything, every character/monster has 1 thing they do, and that's it. There's very little strategy, very little variety, very little story, and sadly, very little fun to be had here."
76561198025292567,Not Recommended,291860,29698574,Posted: 4 February,all,bungerm,"Folks this game, in it's current state, does not deserve the mindless praise. I'd say its not worth the money quite yet.The combat is shallow because you only command movement each turn.The loot is shallow because items within the same category (skinny sword, medium sword, fat sword) are all the same stats.There aren't a large variety of enemies or possible pokemon allies (19?) which comprises everything you will see or fight in the game).One could argue the gear is what brings variety to enemies and allies but as I've said, the gear is largely cosmetic.Theres lovely art and lovely humor. Maps are (edit: feel) procedurally generated and change (edit: relocate you) every few outings. But the game is simply too shallow to warrant the money right now. Hopefully they have more units in the pipeline, and are going to change the stats of items.Right now: 5/10"
,Not Recommended,291860,29438728,Posted: 23 January,all,A basic phone,i like the early Access mode but out of everything I would call the early access game a demo so pretty much you have to pay $15 to play the demo but beleave me it is good so i just got to wait untill the full game is out
,Not Recommended,291860,30110007,Posted: 22 February,all,Dr. Mongo (Gastroenterologist),just because its from behemoth doesnt mean its good ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,291860,29840732,Posted: 10 February,all,DragynDance,"I don't know why people say this game has great mechanics, it has terrible mechanics.  It's also horrendously imbalanced."
76561198006524453,Not Recommended,291860,29412010,Posted: 21 January,all,Hassie54,"This game is interesting. . .an I wish I could say that is a good thing. While this game is Early Access, it is not riddled with bugs that create huge problems. I believe it is more of a feature skinny Early Access, and the way the game is, the coding should not be difficult, and a below average dev woul be able to create it without gamebreaking bugs, so that is not a big shock. To me, the game is very boring, too slow, and doesnt bring anything new to the tactics based RPG. I actually think it takes away a lot of things that make for a good tactical RPG.The equipment diversiity is made in a way that they are only for looks. Getting new weapons and whatnot, just change what they look like, but all swords do the same thing, and all bows and so forth. I hate this, and really think it detracts from the replayability of a game like this. Games like Final Fantasy Tactics did this genre so well, and other games go and create something similar, remove some things, and change some things and add some things, but devs seem to constantly change the WRONG things, and make for a worse playing experience than what would otherwise be here.ALL that being said, this game is NOT bad, and is actually something that could be worth playing, if it were priced right. This is $5 game, when completed. Right now it should be on sale for $3 or $4, and never be more than $5 when done. Unfortunately devs don't know how to price games, and think their game is worth more than it is. Selling 1000 copies at $15, is far worse than selling 10000 copies at $5, and everything about this game screams under $10 game. Dev really needs to look at other games on Steam, and really decide how much this game should be priced at.Don't support this project at this price point, I beleive you will be wasting your money, and won't be happy with your purchase."
76561198211501352,Not Recommended,291860,31757179,Posted: 14 May,all,sMok,"Honestly I really don't like this game. I tried to play it with my friend. But we both honestly didint like this game. The reason it was very popular when it came out was because of castle crashes and battle lock theater.Well guys, this isint battle lock or castle crashers.I mean sure it has a bunch of fun aspects and rude humour but that doesn't improve the gameplay of the game. Some of you people love this type of you attack I attack rule but for those who like crashers and block block, then back off this game.But if you like what you see, then go ahead it's you're money going down the drain not mine..."
76561197985763420,Not Recommended,291860,29237632,Posted: 13 January,all,Someone Random O_o,"This game is pretty cool, I like the humor similar to their other games. The story seems like it will be really awesome, sadly I finished the entire early access story in less than an hour. I did play for a bit longer, but I feel like the early acess advertisement misled me a bit in assuming there was more of a story in place so far.Overall, I would say gameplay wise this will be a great game when it full releases, but I wouldn't bother until the full release. It is just too incomplete right now.Such is the risks of early access."
,Not Recommended,291860,29239322,Posted: 13 January,all,ConnZombie Luminary Of The Stars,"This is purely a review based on release.The game itself is extremely well put together. It's a Behemoth game, after all. The humor is on point, the artstyle is extremely pleasing, the pure amount of character and party customization is almost overwhelming, and the combat system (which I at first thought was as convoluted as the Undertale path minigame) turned out to be pretty well understood.Sadly, this is also an Early Access game. And while I should not be expecting THAT much from an Early Access game directly on release, I find myself doing so anyways.You will almost always be outnumbered, outdamaged, and outplayed in every scenario ""3 skulls and above"". Now in another RPG this would be fine. But due to just how much damage and random chance (not just crits but location of hits, location of AoEs, who gets healed, etc.) there is, it can be extraordinarily frustrating to set up a team around a point. As there is no permadeath in the game, this is simply a setback and puts you back at the city to do it again. But the fact that most encounters are very focused on luck can be frustrating when you start taking longer routes.The game is also extremely lacking right now in main content if you don't want to either A. Explore and complete all the mini-quests, B. Complete your customization collection, or C. Fight your friends in the PvP arena. Now I know that the non-story portion is almost the complete focus of the game, but the thing I like most about Behemoth games is that I can run through the story (acquiring collectibles along the way) and basically play through everything. I don't have any incentive to go out and collect customizations (because most customizations are exactly the same stat-wise, with a select few being either elemental or slightly more powerful). I don't have any incentive to go out and capture more recruits (because this is just used to get more customizations and all characters of a class have the same stats). And while I played the single story mission (which you can clear in about 10 minutes) and enjoyed it, I do wish the focus of the game was a bit more linear as the open-world nature of the game let the monotony set in once I realized the above.This should be a game I enjoy, as ""turn-based hex-RPGs"" are a favorite of mine (Civ, Fire Emblem, etc.). But the freeform nature of it makes it it hard to recommend right now as anything more than a collectathon. If a friend has is, by all means take a swing. It doesn't take long to get caught up to another person gear-wise, and it's enjoyable for the time I spent on it. But if you're looking for an extreme amount of substance ala Battleblock or Castle Crashers, you won't find that here (yet)."
76561198132360016,Not Recommended,291860,29525072,Posted: 27 January,all,I>U,"This developer would:-	Delete Their own posts from Community Discussion topics. (witnessed by me and others in The particular thread)-	Set Their profile to private state, when being accused on review injection (witnessed by me and,  supposedly the guy who actually accused Them)-	Flag your review for being abusive and then send you a friend-request. (I’m not really into ♥♥♥♥♥slaps)-	Allegedly, remove the flag, after you would create a separate topic at the Steam Community Discussion-	To put it yet again.-	And engage you in ~ 1 hour bullfight, when They’re trying to post their response in the comment section, but some miserable author of review would delete them outright (My Spirits of alcohol reminded me, that They had 3 other takes previously, containing “let’s talk privately” explicitly, and I totally agree with them), until either Steam moderator action took an effect or They grew bore of it. Nyaaaah. Me won.-	Would either change the flag tag, or instantly reflag your review upon lifting (it was “Off-topic”, which suddenly became “Abusive” yet again in more than a week locked review)-	To be [not] continuedAnd now, Me start.Minnasan, ogenki desu ka? Your supper-popular reviewer Yuu-sama is back on the line! Rejo-o.. ah, mind it.So, I took up on a good advice and actually tried out the game. There was a good opportunity, because I’d gifted it to a friend who actually wanted it. Soooo~.It’s King Bounty. With customizeable characters instead of just stacks. I mean, the big part of the game is King’s Bounty rewinded on a 1.5 game hours-length map (yet, it’s EA, I know) . Pretty casual in comparison. No, absolutely casual in comparison. Even with 90’s original.What Pokemon are you talking about? I’ve never played it. But, you know, you can capture monsters in the latest KB games, and some of them a predefined on generation to join you anyway. There is no “Gonna catch them all” spirit? I guess it is. So, Pit People is just a casual 9€ TBS, like Adventure Manager and others with a sketchy mechanics and things.What about the other, even bigger part? It’s hum-or. And first things first - bleeeh. I can’t start to talk about it without that premise. It’s really sends me back to the phrase that began everything for this review: “It’s a Behemoth’s game!”. Jokes are passable, generally. But there are pits (in Pit People, yes, *ba dum-tss*). The closest example is Forest scene of Castle Crashers. They didn’t got rid of those funny feces detonations. Meanwhile, the man who anticipated this game and actually enjoyed it for 1.5hrs of the 1st act said, that the only thing bad in this game, currently, is “the degenerative sense of humor”. And for this part, he is right. But I would suggest there is a reason behind it’s presence. By the way, we never finished CC because of that.Stage change. With the review being locked, my life turned grey. I’ve got no wife, no kids, no warm touch from anyone, but General Vochka himself. That being said, I jumped into another abyss of my useless existence. Aaahh, ok, it was their discord server. I found here two moderator guys joking around about how 2 unicorns could create a Mobius and feces, more of them, of course (strongly reminded me this South Park’s episode, that I did not intend to watch; like the whole title). When I was left alone with one of them, I’ve started to provoke him (I wasn’t picky in the means, why should I?). Silenced, re-entering, watch him playing for a time, They came, me ban. Yes, I was kicked at the end, got yet another invite from Them and one more, too, which I’ve decided to took up. The other side was really irritated, plainly rude, so I’ve got no choice but to report it. Properly, through the ticket. I am an adult and strong-willed male, but there could have been woman, kid, or an elderly person in my place. And yesterday I got a response. This person would be restricted in their ability to communicate with other people through the Steam for some time. And I got 6 downvotes on my long-drown reviews this very Friday. It seems they are downvoting every.So, yes, my point is that some part of the “older” community, grown on the best pieces of Behemoth humor is acting, to put it mildly, strange. But yet, they got a special treatment, like “Sure, I’ll go and ban that digger”. This very part of community is expecting for Daniel to act in some generally known way (related to this very sense of humor). For example, They would delete Their own posts, setting Their profile to “Private” only to anger those, who would dare to doubt them. Childish? It is. But look at the beginning and the list what They already did.No, the man this stupid couldn’t possibly create games. I suspect, he do understand he can’t effectively fight some guy with “?” on avatar. It’s like fighting a faceless mob. And I am positive on that he knows it.But still, people expecting him to act in this way. Those very people he attracted with his first games, filled with iconic for the Behemoth sense of humor. Of course, it’s just my vision. But if you saw at least a bit of this whole process: wouldn’t you think it seems weird, if 7\10 of most useful reviews are “Behemoth game, so is good”? Wouldn’t you think it’s weird when some of the negative reviews got very ‘special’ attention? I guess, there is a reason for that.Said, Dan is a businessman. It’s just his model of advertising the games. He got reliable community core, which could beat him some of the tips, like write some positive reviews, for example. No, not injections. He didn’t pay them for that.And here we are: this game is in Early Access. It got a single playable act. Apparently, you can participate in the development with your ideas, but I suppose, some of the ‘closer’ people’s opinions would get priority over yours. If you hope that jokes in future acts would be more of “straight sense”, your expectations is likely to be futile.What’s left of this game? PvP? It’s casual TBS, any competitive one would beat it. No direct control on units? Dominions, Legion series is better by no means. Instant turns? Oh, boy, you made me remember this one from 2001 - Laser Squad Nemesis.The only reason to grab it is Co-Op. I guess, it’s a good reason. If you are able to withstand the “o-ha-ha” part. Or if you want to see a Casual TBS in your hands . Or you’ve already watched complete series of South Park.I was meant to compare this community with the one Klei’s got, but I’ve decided it would be malicious to compare 2 indie games by their “feel” (actually, I’ve asked them on occasion when their Barbie House is going to get build).No hard feelings, Dan. I’m not a developer and I can’t possibly judge you on the way you’re advertising your game. I know you’re going to lock this review, I’m going to see your waiting Tail in the comments soon (he’s such a coward in a real-time chat), but that is my opinion about your game. I’m not aiming to win this, I just wanted to understand the cause, the matter of why did it even start. By the way, I though you were panicking first, so this accusations of the guy, who likely laughed his guts off from the whole situation, must had been true. It seems like a total misunderstanding. I should thank those minions for letting me know. From now on, I’m going to go easy on my reviews (anyway, they are about to get downvoted to the Mariana Trench soon).I have to remove the original review, it would be therehttp://imgur.com/a/tDDri"
,Not Recommended,291860,29808651,Posted: 9 February,all,danmerey,"Nope, sorry, didn't get it. I liked Battleblock Theatre, but from the first 10 minutes of THIS game the most exciting thing was Start Menu. Well, devs could do it better in future, I guess, but in general game is like ""nah, thanks, I better play something else""."
76561198000561257,Not Recommended,291860,29237549,Posted: 13 January,all,Evnatia - The Mute Cynic,"Early Access Watcher Public Service AnnouncementGame: Pit PeopleUpdate Version: January 13th EA ReleaseDisclosure: This game copy was bought by the reviewer.Gameplay Footage: WARNING! This includes spoilers for the available story missions.https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=O31WGApcyVYI understand this is Early Access and the final product is not representative of the current state, but this PSA covers the state of the game as it is now. There are some things that stand out in a good way, but the content provided in terms of story and complexity is not worth the cost of the game at this time. Thankfully, this game will get made regardless of what happens, so this warning is just for those on the fence or looking for a single player experience over the multiplayer experience.Visuals and music are going to be amazing for some, off putting to others. If you played Castle Crashers or Battleblock Theater (I didn't, though I do own them), then the style will look familiar in terms of the shading and design. There is a massive amount of character customization in terms of weapons, shields and helmets, but armour isn't a factor yet. Music ranges from blasting techno to mild synth that I surprisingly found enjoyable. Voice acting is left to a few announcers and the narrator with the rest being incoherent gibberish that requires the use of subtitles to understand. For the setting and the bizarre nature of the world, it fits perfectly and adds to the zany dialog.The story is incredibly short right now, consisting of a couple of introductory quests that took me about an hour and a half to finish. Once it is over, the Pit (1-2 vs AI, 2 vs 2 players matches) and a collection of side-quests are all that lengthen the gameplay. This is unfortunate, mostly due to the narrator's amazing performance that was indeed the highlight of the game. He eats up the scenery with his voice over accompanied by some beautiful cutscenes and dialog that did get a chuckle in the back of my mind. It left me wanting more, which is why I was surprised by how little there was to the story considering the price tag.Gameplay is mechanically sound, but lacks depth in terms of character management and improvement. All stats are contributed by the characters level with weapons and armor filling in the rest. Swords are good for smaller foes, longer swords hit harder, maces are required to deal decent damage against heavy helmet wearers and the ranged weapons can deal splash damage or direct damage. Shields also range from small to huge, allowing for more projectiles to be blocked as the size increases. Weapons can also have special perks that can root characters to a spot, freeze opponents or stun targets. Otherworldly creatures also exist, providing attacks that can chain lighting across multiple targets, create minions after being hit or float to provide avoidance of land based traps.These creatures are mainly acquired through the process of recruitment (kill all but the creature, capture the creature in a cage) and add some life to a combat system boiled down to moving to a space and letting the character attack. You only choose the movement, leaving the attack to be determined by the position and hoping your character hits the guy you want if they are standing next to two enemies. It has gotten to the point that I let the computer handle combat for me while I just maneuver across the world map in search of new locations and enemies during my last hour of play. The best way to describe it would be if you simply moved units and used auto-attacks.From what I was reading up, this game has been in development for awhile and has a standing deal over on Xbox One Game Preview as well. While I commend the developer for providing a functional core, the lack of a longer story and minimalistic combat style make battles tedious after awhile. The party system (can have up to six slots with some creatures taking up two or more) at least provides countless creature/character combinations that helps keep the multiplayer fresh for those who will focus on the 2 vs 2 battles. For anyone looking for a decent single player experience, however, might want to wait for the story to expand further. For now, not recommendation is the best I can give it when comparing the price to the available main story content.This has been a EAW PSA."
,Not Recommended,291860,34895735,Posted: 11 September,all,Pro Golfer Tim,this game was a lie i thought this was block theater worst game i cant blow up anyone and the main character was an obese cat and there was no bear there was only a furry that was noooood
,Not Recommended,291860,29619291,Posted: 31 January,all,Programmdude,"Fun game, but uses ambiguous date formatting. Windows has a function to use the local date format, use it."
76561197971131035,Not Recommended,291860,29234257,Posted: 13 January,all,OIL MAN,"Never thought The Behemoth of all companies would pull an Early Access ""GOTCHA!"", but here we are.Sure, I saw the usual Early Access disclaimers, but I've been following this game for 3 years, I thought for sure I'd get 5-10 hours worth of my $15.NOPE. 3 Years of development has apparently allowed them to finally establish the fundamentals of Pit People, but the game has ZERO CONTENT. You've got your basic intro quest, and ONE STORY QUEST (combined these two things take less than a single hour). Aside from that, you've only got repeatable filler quests, and repeatable arena skirmishes.Don't get me wrong:-The dialogue and story is hilarious-The gameplay is excellent-The sound and visuals are The Behemoth at its absolute bestBut there's only a fart's worth of content so far. If you want to support the company (they WILL finish it eventually I'm sure, unlike other Early Access scams), go right ahead, but don't expect more than a tiny, tiny sneak peak at the game itself."
,Not Recommended,291860,31170599,Posted: 15 April,all,Jacobtest,"To short, Can only do 2 player coop, Beat it in 90 mins with nothing else to do. Add more and add better coop with more people and sure ill rebuy it ;) (Yes i know its in early access and thats why its only 90 mins, comment that its short cuz of that and ill delete it )"
,Not Recommended,291860,29286025,Posted: 15 January,all,mcmarbles,"Game is really very fun, but the story is one mission long? This wasn't ready for early access."
76561198088811209,Not Recommended,291860,31084962,Posted: 11 April,all,Nemoto,bad game
76561198031023533,Not Recommended,291860,29332824,Posted: 18 January,all,DrpPnts4Food,It's actually not that fun. I don't rate it.
76561198355611316,Recommended,291860,30380061,Posted: 7 March,all,////Pyro////,i found a mushroom called fresh memes enough said
76561198101074471,Recommended,291860,30416874,Posted: 9 March,all,Avi,"I got this game the day It came out. I waited 2 years and  it was worth it! The story is good and I can't wait for it to be done.And the music! It is so good! That is my only complaint, that there is no soundtrack and I really want it. Also the mechanics are wondurful!"
76561198126984860,Recommended,291860,30068721,Posted: 20 February,all,Averers,"If you like poop humor and fighting stuffs, this is the game for you.Cupcakes can heal your peeple,You can ride on a spider person,Horatio dies,Unicorns shoot their horns out of their head,Hair creatures shed everywhere,Pixies are not what they seem,Cyclops hold the secrets of your death,Humans are okay I guess...The Speckled Horse gives you all of the knowledge you'll ever need to live."
,Recommended,291860,30478213,Posted: 12 March,all,Biggie Cheese [Ecks Dee],itz fun
76561198032583154,Recommended,291860,30710766,Posted: 24 March,all,Onizuka Eikichi,This game is a blast in all aspects!
,Recommended,291860,30449672,Posted: 11 March,all,The Black Rose,"The game is quite fun loads to do but the story is quite short as for now since its still in early access but the gameplay is really strategic and fun, alot of monsters you can capture and play as them, a big world to explore, hard battles, collect items and weapons to aid you in battle and the list just goes on, the sense of humour is funny too. I recommend you should get this game if you looking to play or fight with your friend."
76561198027338489,Recommended,291860,30449063,Posted: 11 March,all,Bullet Magnet 2.0,"Well, 18 hours in to  Behemoth's strategy game ""Pit People"" so far I have; a Hair Troll mother running around in a sock cap popping out babies to fight in battle, a squad of matching uniform Slavers to ""Recruit"" new member to my party, a Monster Squad, a squad of Foodies, who go in to battle wielding Artisan Foods, and Hatty Hattyington dual wielding Uzis. I can't ask for to much more from this game."
,Recommended,291860,29470027,Posted: 24 January,all,Lowizi,"I've watched the trailer for like 5 seconds and just bought PitPeople!It's amazing, best purchase I ever did on Steam 😁"
76561198221253428,Recommended,291860,29469473,Posted: 24 January,all,CaitlynNegro,"My boyfriend and I bought this a couple of days ago to play co-op, and have not stopped playing since. The ""main quest"" has not been developed past a few hours of gameplay, but there are still seemingly endless side-quests and enemy encounters you can find as soon as you venture out onto the map. The arena is fun, too. The music is fantastic, battles are quickly paced and fluid, and as a general note the game is hilarious. What a great game to play co-op; my boyfriend and I have been mutually quaking with laughter playing this game. We love the extent to which you can customize your party and experiment with different classes/weapons/etc. My absolute favorite game at the moment 10/10"
,Recommended,291860,29477877,Posted: 24 January,all,AnArcticFox,"I've played all of the Behemoth games. And I have to say that even though this game isn'y finished, I've put so much time into it already without it getting boring. That being said, when the game does get finished, I can tell that there will be many more hours put into it."
,Recommended,291860,29554238,Posted: 28 January,all,Major,I bought this game on a wim because of the humor and I can say I love it so far.
,Recommended,291860,29554840,Posted: 28 January,all,KifDawg,"Pit People is the love child of castle crashers, this turnbased sequal is infinite amounts of funThey allow a unique team building system where you can capture any opponent you face and add them to your team allowing for a ton of different combinations and builds, that to me is VERY appealing with the multiplayer aspect.I have the first 45min of gameplay down below =]Enjoy!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFmBmff1Cec"
,Recommended,291860,29555161,Posted: 28 January,all,FluidVikings101,just love it cant wait for it to be fully released :D
76561197993614165,Recommended,291860,29552118,Posted: 28 January,all,ArlanKels,"So a friend of mine wanted to play a game together with me, and having exhausted many options already he caught sight of Pit People while Strippin was playing it.  Excited he picked it up and chucked me a free copy, and then we tackled the game at the same time.To put it simply as the game stands now I definitely recommend it.  When it's a finished product I can only expect it to be significantly more fulfilling than the current rendition, which is already a good time to be had.  Now for a bit more detail...First and foremost this game is in Early Access and as of this review it has very little story missions to progress through.  There are plentiful sidequests on the maps, and a few side missions attached to the Quest Board in town, but Story Missions?  Almost none.  So if you're looking for the full game...wait a bit?Technically speaking this game is solid.  I've had zero crashes and almost no glitches to speak of.  I'm currently running Update 1(Beta) and that hasn't even generated any instability.  All in all a good bunch of programming.That isn't to say that the game is without bugs.  I've seen a few others complain about some that have popped up here and there. However...Behemoth seems to actually pay attention to the players.  I've seen an actual attempt by the staff to try and help those who are having problems with the game.  That's quite refreshing compared to what feels like cold, mechanical assistance from most bigger named and bigger budgeted companies.So the game is pretty good overall in terms of stability.  But how is it as a GAME?It's a turn-based strategy game with a plethora of various units and equipments for said units.  Each type of unit you can use has a weakness you can exploit, but you won't always face off against what you might want to which means you need flexibility in your loadout and playstyle.In terms of actual difficulty you'll find it to be sitting close to that sweet spot.  You can beat the opponents but they can get quite hard to handle if you're not paying attention.  My favorite thing, however, is that even if you're against something that is designed to beat you you won't automatically lose.  This isn't Rock/Paper/Scissors, and so weaknesses don't cripple you so much as merely hurt you.If you like turn-based stategy games you'll probably get a kick out of this.  If you hate them because they're too slow Pit People has a slightly faster pace than you might expect, so maybe check a video of a fight from the game.  If you simply hate strategy games even then this game might interest you due to the humor and art style.Also, yes, the music is awesome."
76561198020822692,Recommended,291860,29551471,Posted: 28 January,all,Blueey32,"It simply said ""Developed by Behemoth"" and that was enough to sell me on this game. It's great fun, and the music is infectious! A must buy."
,Recommended,291860,29551664,Posted: 28 January,all,Dan,"+Simple, yet engaging combat+Georgious art style+Hilarious writing+Groovey♥♥♥♥♥music-Not finished (as of 28/01/2017)-Levelling system is somewhat pointlessIn it's current state, this game is absolutely worth the price. Plus, it's currently cheaper than it will be when it comes out of early access."
,Recommended,291860,29570963,Posted: 29 January,all,Madmonkeypie,"The behemoth made it so you should play it, they are gods among men"
76561198183893698,Recommended,291860,29574232,Posted: 29 January,all,8-bitbunny,BEST GAME EVER very good story very funny narrating i love it plus its by the behometh my favorite gaming company
76561197972599229,Recommended,291860,29573128,Posted: 29 January,all,freakshowfreak,Great coop turnbased strategy game with a awsom art style and humour.Even though it's early acces it's already worth the money.
76561198351623737,Recommended,291860,29548665,Posted: 28 January,all,ahatandtie,great soundtrack
,Recommended,291860,29547028,Posted: 28 January,all,[SO] !r0N_7o0L,Was wandering aroundmet weirdo guyskilled themfun music/ gold coinsbear hitting planetgiraffe floating aroundGET THIS GAME NOAOH!!!!
76561198041034808,Recommended,291860,29550258,Posted: 28 January,all,DaDog,"killer soundtrack,excellent game difficulty,supercool meme artwork!!!"
,Recommended,291860,29471466,Posted: 24 January,all,sled☃⛇☃⛇❄,gr8 m8
,Recommended,291860,29471730,Posted: 24 January,all,yetiSN,Great game.Fun Multiplayer.
76561198043966362,Recommended,291860,29476598,Posted: 24 January,all,OLYS,It's like Pokemon + Heroes of Might and Magic + random ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ humour. Plus it's a Behemoth game. What are you waiting for ?
76561197983968681,Recommended,291860,29476725,Posted: 24 January,all,Sevencross (Guild wars 2),"Even in it's early access state, I can tell that is game is going to keep me busy for quite a long time. The music is fantastic and the humor is everything you'd expect from Behemoth. I can't wait to play more. The only thing needed now is a better chair"
76561198035890996,Recommended,291860,29476824,Posted: 24 January,all,Legionstone,"A game made by the people who made Castle Crashers and Battleblock theater, comes Pit PeoplePit people is a hexgonal turn-based strategy game, the twist here is that your units attack units on their own free-will, meaning that positioning is extremely important.The art-style is simple but incredibly effective, being extremely colorful, vibrant, and having everything and everyone popout, every item is different in terms of art design and every character is memorable.The gameplay is deceptively simple, but heavily rooted in complicated strategies, team compositions and even gear distribution, luckily, the team at Behemoth were able to make this game pretty easy to learn and play, but difficult to master.My main problem with the game are relatively simple ones, first, the inability to scroll out the map can be problematic sometimes, especially against a full team against a full team, another problem is that the gear that you obtain rarely differ against each other, I would like to have like very small differences, but differences none the less (I want my throwing straws to deal more damage than Yusef's default axes xD)Thirdly, some of the non-human party members are limited in their apperal, I would like that to be changed, it would be awesome to have a whole group of kobolds wearing hats and wielding chicken drums hehe.Besides that, I would reccomend this game for many people, Behemoth fans, hexagon-turn based Strategists, normal people to give this a try, despite it being an early access game, its well polished and no doubt will be absolutely amazing when it finally releases."
,Recommended,291860,29533774,Posted: 27 January,all,CarbonCopyGettingSloppy,"My ♥♥♥♥♥ yosef has bear hat, log and an upside-down pistol 10/10."
,Recommended,291860,29532609,Posted: 27 January,all,starwars02823,"THIS GAME IS A MUST-BUY FOR ANY BEHEMOTH LOVER (myself included). I am not much of a strategy game guy, but this game is downright EPIC. The narration is pristine, and gameplay runs very smoothly. The only problem is that I CANNOT WAIT FOR THIS GAME TO RELEASE FULLY!!10/10"
,Recommended,291860,29529841,Posted: 27 January,all,A jar of Butter,"It's Behemoth, It has good humor, it is a solid game, you probably will like it if you like strategy games, Will Stamper, or other Behemoth games. Not much more to say about it than that"
76561198013097520,Recommended,291860,29520972,Posted: 27 January,all,Jon,"Like Pokemon, only more horrifying, and otherwise superior in every way.If you enjoyed the classic gameboy Pokemon games for any reason other than the connected TV series, you will love this. You've gotta catch all the fighters, level them up, and complete the story mode.It's superior because it's both simpler to learn and harder to master. Instead of choosing from a menu of options, you just decide where your fighters stand. Next turn, you can have them stand somewhere else. Then somewhere else. Then somewhere else. Then, depending on how good your choice of location for them, you'll either win or lose.The spatial aspect of it means you cannot memorise and execute a standard strategy like you can in Pokemon. Here, you must react to whatever situation you're put in, so even the exact same battle won't play exactly the same twice. This adds so much depth to the strategy, as you need a contingency for everything.However, it's much quicker to pick up, as your options are ""stand here"" or ""stand somewhere else"". You don't have to learn what a list of items or attack types do. Although a detailed working understanding of the game is a big help, it's not essential to gain the experience of actually playing it.My biggest gripe with the game (though Pokemon and most other games are equally guilty) is that it provides no detailed guide or wiki to help me fully understand what I'm looking at. What does it mean if a tile is on fire? What does it mean if my fighter is glowing purple? What does and does not count as a helmet? How is damage calculated? How big a buff is a singular level up?I wouldn't mind so much if the game were terrible, because I could just set everything to easy and play through for the story. However the game is so good that having to learn the details through trial and error is frustrating, because I genuinely want to learn the details.If there were a very detailed guide or wiki that gave enough information for a FULL understanding of the mechanics, I could see this as an e-sport, and I could also see myself spending more time reading that guide than actually playing. That said, as it is, I still enjoy perhaps one battle per day, though I still can't figure out what it means when fighters glow purple, and this annoys me."
,Recommended,291860,29487299,Posted: 25 January,all,Nyanderthal,"bought it , tried it , loved it , recommended it!...ya got yer co-op...ya got yer PVE...ya got yer PVP...ya got yer RPG...ya got customization...ya got lols...lots of things to collect...still more things comingbut maybe it's not ur thing...it IS my thing however so i say BUYBUYBUY!"
,Recommended,291860,29498906,Posted: 26 January,all,Tryhard Teammate,"good gameplay, good humor.  Game gets even better in co-op."
,Recommended,291860,31013810,Posted: 8 April,all,I Punch The Initiative,The Behemoth seems to only make fun games. If you liked BBT then you'll enjoy the story/narration. Same kind of humour and style but in a turn based combat style RPG.
76561198027613736,Recommended,291860,29360638,Posted: 19 January,all,DoctrStrange,"Hey man, who you making that game for?'Im making that game for you~Im not playing that game manOk, just onceDang! it's actually pretty good!"
76561197988209207,Recommended,291860,30482372,Posted: 12 March,all,alcanox,"A very entertaining game with a wide variety of units and items to play around with in an amusing setting.The fact that you get to pick where your pieces go, but not what they do does make some scenarios a little more of a hassle than necessary - such as those where you have to destroy an item but the character in question is adjacent to one or more enemies and decides to attack them instead of the scenario-advancing widget.There are also a few scenarios where additional enemies are rapidly  and repeatedly added to an already ugly situation that are a bit obnoxious, but perhaps those are intended for teams of very high level characters or co-op groups. I've only hit about three that give me that impression - and early access is probably a good enviroment for a company to work out how players manage the scenarious they have in mind.But those are relatively quibbly issues. Aside from the story missions, there are a great many other missions scattered around the landscape - and it's easy enough to try out team ideas on wandering monsters in the countryside. Early access games can be a bit of a risk, but Pit People seems like a very entertaining game even in its early access state."
76561198162172455,Recommended,291860,30487660,Posted: 13 March,all,Psycho,Love The game cant wait for next update short but fun its also is funny and well full of wierd♥♥♥♥♥
76561198023546706,Recommended,291860,30582092,Posted: 17 March,all,DerHarrii,"Love it, character costumization is amazing, weapons, characters. love the random comments from narrator and of course character language itself. Can't wait for more updates"
,Recommended,291860,30548942,Posted: 16 March,all,Scrumb,"Pit People is charming and fun but VERY MUCH unfinished. I'm digging the gameplay and atmosphere and humor (as expected, frankly) but just as the Story took a very interesting turn, it abruptly ended. Definitely don't regret this purcahse, but I'll probably hold out on playing it regularly until closer to finish, as I don't want to play it in chunks at  a time."
,Recommended,291860,30547874,Posted: 16 March,all,Unnamed Ones,"Love this game, but there is no online match, too few people playing :c"
76561198124688371,Recommended,291860,30541975,Posted: 16 March,all,Rex,"I so rarely do Early Access.. but I loved Castle Crashers, so I gave this a shot.I recruited a monster that was a boss in Castle Crashers.The AI has no idea how to deal with it.I slaughter everything.I'm starting to feel cocky enough to throw down against humans.Maybe.......Nah, need to buff my morale some.Yes, strangely phallic giraffe. Tell me more about how I am a good person.I love you."
,Recommended,291860,30561172,Posted: 16 March,all,Average csgobounty.com,"I 100% recommend this game, the art style is great and I'm pretty sure you'll like another Behemoth game. The Strategy game is so much, even though it's just early access."
76561198119888686,Recommended,291860,30577092,Posted: 17 March,all,HexiousBSG,"For an early access game I'm loving it so far.The commentary from the announcer and the conversations between the pit people actually had me laughing, not just a huff of air though my nose but actually laughing.The gameplay is simple yet fun, but I do think the characters can be a little buffed up when you get them around high levels. I have a team that are all around level 60 but they are still doing the same damage and taking the same damage from enemies I fought at level 1. Aside from the free health from leveling up there needs to be a little bif more of a reward there.The map is nice and open, with the idea of constanly changing the area you're in makes it feel some what fresh each time. The enemy placement is nice and diverse and there are enemies where you'd expect them to be, like robots in the techno zones and monsters in the gloomy areas. A few things could be explained the how the turbo effects the enemies and also shooting the sparkly ground gives you plenty of coins. I have yet to figure out what pushing all the buttons around the world map does but I'm working on that.The sound track so far is catchy, that's the best way to describe it. A few more tunes would be nice if those songs were given to specific battles. Like say you're fighting mainly humans you'd play X song, then if you go over to the undead area there would be a chance to play a uniqe undead song out of the main soundtrack for the rest of the world. But that's a personal idea.Another thing I would like to see is a little more interaction with the speaker, like a in combat modifier so if you're doing well he suddenly feels like you should die, special units the narator summons spawns on the enemy's team, like wise if you're losing. Just something more than just a voice to spice things up.Over all I really enjoy this game for what it is, and considering I can play this with a friend makes it that much better."
76561198166650674,Recommended,291860,30605768,Posted: 18 March,all,hicprocks007,"Great game,currently I only have 2 problems with the gamethe cyclops are way to op and do to much damage, the knockback rate is to high and they have so much healthalso the minimap is not made the best your player dosen't show on the map and it can be hard to tell where you are goingbut otherwise great game and I defenetly recomend it"
76561198048277036,Recommended,291860,30643886,Posted: 20 March,all,D'Steer,The first thing about thi game is that it has a GREAT sense of humour.Otherwise you have an easy to pick up strategy game with many customization options for your team and team's gear.Also a great game to co-op on too because you get to show off your team and strategy to your matesI'd recommend it.Funny/co-op/strategy/simple/customization
,Recommended,291860,30643275,Posted: 20 March,all,Glutenfree,"THIS GAME IS AWESOMEIf I had to call it anything, it would be the baby of Fire Emblem, Adventure Time, and Castle Crashers.This beautiful combination of styles blends well and comes out as a very enjoyable experience, for being a early access game.Can not wait for more."
76561198096874466,Recommended,291860,32877803,Posted: 27 June,all,"George ""9/11"" Bush",worth
,Recommended,291860,32884331,Posted: 27 June,all,Finney,good
76561198251017942,Recommended,291860,32895955,Posted: 27 June,all,WaxiestFiber4,games awesomecant wait for full release
,Recommended,291860,32899703,Posted: 27 June,all,Rabid Child,Fun!
76561198040308865,Recommended,291860,32907971,Posted: 27 June,all,mythical_creator,"A brilliant start to a possibly brilliant game, ive heard a lot of bad things about this early access game such as it has no strategy and the gameplay is rather shallow but I think Pit People is on its way to be a great strategy game.The story is humorous and interesting and I'm loving the direction its taking.The units already in the game have great synergy with each other allowing for multiple team options. The controls while a little confusing at first are really simple and easy to get used to.A few things it still needs1) More people to play PVP (Although the PVP is still really good for Early Access)2) More different units for more diversity, honestly the more you add the more strategy the game will have.3) PVP should set the levels of all units to a certain level if it doesn't already. This would mean anyone can play PVP at any level and point in the game.4) Some Units may need some balancing, such as the Units taking up 2 slots may need a very slight damage buff, mainly Hair Troll as Gorgons seemed balanced with their spawn ability.Overall a great game and one im looking to being finished.8/10 so far"
,Recommended,291860,32665036,Posted: 22 June,all,2trip,"I...don't even know what to say.Well, I'll give it a shot, anyway.Pros:Quirky storylineGod-tier voice-actingIntuitive controlsUnique, attractive art styleCons:Little content as of this review (Update 4)Menus can be a bit confusingNon-story quests can get somewhat repetitive"
76561198138581993,Recommended,291860,32657793,Posted: 22 June,all,KnightRayX,"It is a stratgey, beat the crap out of badguys and people, type of game and they are my favorite type of game. the customizing part of your characters is really good, but when you drive around the wagon it is so hard to avoid enemies and it takes forever to take the badguys out. the story mission is really good, the fighting is good, musics good, graphics are ok for me to like it, and I like the weaknesses for when someone has a sword it does not effect people with helmets that much.The memes are really funny. when you capture a boss it has a 30% chance to smack there butt so hard it they get flinged and it makes me smile every time. I definitely recommend this game for people at the age of 9 or 10"
76561197996432933,Recommended,291860,32693591,Posted: 23 June,all,Miggo Vortensen,Incredible game. You should definetly pick this one up!
,Recommended,291860,32696650,Posted: 23 June,all,Lanky Lint,"Without a doubt one of the best games I've ever played.PROS- Turn-based tile startegy game- Insanely good soundtrack- Real co-op (it's not just shoehorned in)- The narrator, play the game if only to hear him talkCONS- TOO SHORT! Then again, EA- Need moar monster types- More information on the various monsters/characters? So much room for a gigantic behemopedia"
,Recommended,291860,32735734,Posted: 24 June,all,Dirtin',"Great Game! Lots of easter eggs and side-quests along with many interesting characters, along with a bright color scheme!As of now in early access, the main story is very short, but the devs are updating it quickly. I recommend waiting for the full version to be realeased before playing through the game, it will definitely be worth the money!PS: The music is very addicting"
,Recommended,291860,32811051,Posted: 26 June,all,mdcraft*****,"Its awesome and waky and very fun with friends. yes its still in development, but what is already here is well worth it, once again especilly if you have friends to play it with. i'm very excitied to see whats to come. xD"
76561198339058684,Recommended,291860,32828016,Posted: 26 June,all,Qwertyhero1234,"its fun for a while then it gets a little repetitive, not for everyone but still a good game."
,Recommended,291860,32709847,Posted: 23 June,all,Classix,"Hands down one of my favorite games I have ever played. If you are a fan of tactical strategy games, this is a no brainer purchase. Filled with a lot of humor, and a whole crapload of unlocks, I don't see me getting tired of this game anytime soon. The healers are cupcakes that launch frosting at allies to heal them....what else is there to say."
76561198305665416,Recommended,291860,32832327,Posted: 26 June,all,Mlatz,"If you like any of their other games, or want a good turn-based game, look no further. Just like Castle Crashers and Battleblock Theater, this game brings something unique, and even though it's still unreleased, it has a very sufficient amount of content to keep you playing for a while. Sure, it could use some more quests in the long run, but with over 1,400 collectibles, 100+ side missions, and gameplay that can be as challenging as you'd like, Pit People is exactly what you'd expect from The Behemoth - a great, unique, and subtly comical gem of a game."
,Recommended,291860,33017199,Posted: 29 June,all,Apple Cheesepie,Love it.
76561198118219383,Recommended,291860,32939925,Posted: 28 June,all,Bucchi,I likecupcakes.
76561198115812513,Recommended,291860,32092548,Posted: 31 May,all,King Skywhale,This game is pretty good. I have unicorns that act as mortars as they shoot rainbows across a battlefield. I have monsters made of hair that regenerate health. My party leader uses a skeleton as a shield and a croc's head as a weapon. This game's not even done yet and it's great.
76561198086201407,Recommended,291860,33101878,Posted: 1 July,all,Michael Cera,very very fun
76561198125706310,Recommended,291860,33102552,Posted: 1 July,all,Pantheon,"I'm all too happy to announce that with the 4th update out, The Behemoth have officially reached a whole new level of absurd/gross/bizarre/hilarious. If you liked CastleCrashers and Battleblock Theater, this one's definitely for you too.One of my best purchases of 2017."
,Recommended,291860,33129261,Posted: 2 July,all,Bunny the Hunter,Great game :X
76561198321562456,Recommended,291860,30329123,Posted: 4 March,all,Espinger,The hype is justifed.
,Recommended,291860,30330768,Posted: 4 March,all,ð S P A M ð,"It's in it's early stages so there isn't too much to say about it right now, but based off the content we have right now I can safely say its going to become amazing. Even though there are only two story missions availible right now, there are still tons of sidequests and misc. missions you can do in game. I love playing with friends and making the dumbest teams I can think up to mess around with (they have a recruitment feature you can use to pretty much make any enemy a member on your 5 person team). It's definitely worth the money right now and will only continue to get better, if you like rpgs and silly/stupid games, then definitely buy this. It wont disappoint."
76561198085488806,Recommended,291860,29233920,Posted: 13 January,all,UltraRandomPlayer,THE SECOND BEST GAME MADE BY THE BEHEMOTH
,Recommended,291860,30359375,Posted: 6 March,all,"Folio, Prof. Dr. Net Neutrality","The guys behind Castle Crashers and Battleblock Theatre♥♥♥♥♥♥out another amazing game!This is very much an exception to what you usually see on early access games, the game already feels completed and receives a good amount of updates!Buy or die"
,Recommended,291860,30348235,Posted: 5 March,all,The Gun Eater,"I SAID HORAZIO DIES / 10Behemoth at it's best, which humor gets better with time.I hope I will see the giant turkey-stuffed-with-octopus-stuffed with hotdogs and a whale inside it as a boss."
,Recommended,291860,30347247,Posted: 5 March,all,Valtier_,"Awesome game! Love the humor and the art style, and very fun to co-op!"
76561198126291331,Recommended,291860,29704425,Posted: 4 February,all,Jaden1503,"You are paying £11 for the voice acting here it's that good, all the other great content that comes with it is merely a free bonus. This game really isn't boring which is good... because I HATE BEING BORED!"
76561198066256349,Recommended,291860,29974681,Posted: 16 February,all,Shake n' bake,Horatio has a nice♥♥♥♥♥ i'll give you that.10/10
76561198158690328,Recommended,291860,29961019,Posted: 16 February,all,⎛⎝ IR ⎠⎞,This game = Fire Emblem + Pokemon + XCOMFunny story! But somehow i can't find any pvp match.
,Recommended,291860,30273187,Posted: 1 March,all,Nicholas An Tríú Rí na Deireadh,Great game i loved it...
76561198362039859,Recommended,291860,30281156,Posted: 2 March,all,Slayer,"An incredibly fun and addictive game , worth the price !"
,Recommended,291860,30282970,Posted: 2 March,all,Sharper Scarf,"Dope game, buy it. Quests and the humour is top notch!"
76561198173056303,Recommended,291860,30284709,Posted: 2 March,all,Nverzz,great humor great fun cant wait to play the full version
,Recommended,291860,29456876,Posted: 23 January,all,Ravinous,"this game, much like the rest of their games is a blast. I love seeing games with a good healthy sense of humor. For the sake of all that is gaming. please treat yourself to this."
76561198263052985,Recommended,291860,30286463,Posted: 2 March,all,Jakester,I would reccomend this game HIGHLY!!!!!!
,Recommended,291860,31215117,Posted: 18 April,all,magiks,"tactics rpg with some really interesting twists i haven't seen in the genre before and a pretty strong basis in collectable monsters. i sunk a pretty notable portion of my playtime so far just running around the open world and capturing opponents for their gear or to build new teams, and the gameplay surrounding the constant goal of collecting a lot of dudes is excellent.pit people puts the sorts of elements into the tactics rpg genre that you would expect from the behemoth (battles are super chaotic and♥♥♥♥♥♥explodes constantly, you can't directly influence every single thing your units do to the same degree that you can in other games, etc) and it works shockingly well. i didn't really feel the gameplay (worth noting that this has only been in early access for like 3 months as of this review) growing stagnant, largely because the tone and pace are preeetty casual and laid back most of the time, and battles are visually entertaining enough that things consistently feel interesting and new.the only current downside is the actual story is super dang short, but again, early access, and i believe the next update is focused on story improvements so no big deal there. there's also enough side content to keep you entertained for at least a dozen or two hours, w/ sidequests being available both at your hub and scattered across the world, and the whole appeal of the ""gotta catch em all"" kinda gameplay. the humor can be a bit hit or miss if you aren't into poop jokes, i guess, so that's worth noting. also, i haven't tried the coop or multiplayer in general yet, so i can't weigh in on that.pit people's a promising as hell title though, i rarely play an early access game and immediately feel like i got my money's worth. i'm really excited to see this thing completed."
76561198294551003,Recommended,291860,30386116,Posted: 7 March,all,DecadonGamingYT,"Ahhh Behemoth you've done it again, 100+ hours into this game and all I have to say is time well spent. Pit People is a  fast-paced, turn-based, co-op adventure game made by The Behemoth and a great one at that, the tutorial at the begining of Pit People explains the basic mechanics very clearly (even my little brother could understand them.) Pit People is still in early acsess so the main story is NOT finished and left us on a cliffhanger, but with over 1000 items to collect and colourful characters with new abilities to bring to your team Pit People is sure to keep you going for a while and at the time of this review UPDATE 4: Vibrant Villans is just around the corner!"
,Recommended,291860,31432397,Posted: 28 April,all,Ethakoris,"Great game, the story is both interesting and engaging with wonderful voice acting and clever dialogue.The only unsatisfactory acpect would have to be how short the story is in comparison to how polished the game feels.The developers have created a fantastical, interesting and humorous wolrd, now all we need is something more to do in it.I would say however, that the game is worth the price as it stands now, its still in early access, and it is noticeable, but if they continue to develop the story in the same manner as they have thus far the finished game should be well worth the time."
,Recommended,291860,31447534,Posted: 29 April,all,AspiringAnika,"really enjoy this game, the mechanics are amazing, and its just as good as the demo was at RTX 2016. I am not disapointed with the turnout of this game!"
76561198110805892,Recommended,291860,31406294,Posted: 27 April,all,Yobe,AMAZING
76561198090931406,Recommended,291860,33408168,Posted: 9 July,all,Derf,Brilliant
,Recommended,291860,33407858,Posted: 9 July,all,Doug Dimmadome,"A pretty well thought out strategy game only made better by Behemoth's artstyle and humor, along with Stampers wonderful voice. Cant wait to see this game fully realeased."
,Recommended,291860,33430804,Posted: 10 July,all,Mango,"Amazing game, this is definitely going to my Top Games; the story is awesome and caught me from beginning. Thanks!"
76561198148285111,Recommended,291860,30493503,Posted: 13 March,all,gil gogu,this game is like battle block and castle crashers and there is 2 references 1 in the gluten scene there's that bird from the bandit foresst and the troll mom that mini boss from castle crashers and the troll is best!!!!!!!!!
76561198057380226,Recommended,291860,33416055,Posted: 9 July,all,TailsGam3r,"If you got some sense of humor, and are into turn based  strategy games then i don't know what you are waiting for.This game is amazing and is a must play!"
76561198001202470,Recommended,291860,33415587,Posted: 9 July,all,V-K  ◉_◉,"One of the best and most addicting party based RPGs I have ever played. Gameplay and story are fun, art style and music are amazing."
76561198002529795,Recommended,291860,33404144,Posted: 9 July,all,Unforgiven Kane,Great game. Behemoth did it again
,Recommended,291860,29578791,Posted: 29 January,all,weeb trash (^・ω・^ ),THE SAGA CONTINUES
,Recommended,291860,33416189,Posted: 9 July,all,El Cheapo,AMAZING! love it!
,Recommended,291860,33413331,Posted: 9 July,all,Lys,"+1, love it !"
,Recommended,291860,33595237,Posted: 16 July,all,ohboy,The soundtrack is one of a kind.
76561198170055677,Not Recommended,291860,29298543,Posted: 16 January,all,dave™,"I used to recommend, but it's getting annoying how few and far between the updates. Since launch, they have added one story mission, which took like ten minutes. It is sad to see yet another respected developer abuse Early Access."
,Recommended,291860,31760082,Posted: 14 May,all,Dysprosium66,"Great game, I love the comedic aspects mixed with the simple gameplay. 9/10 There is a grind at somepoint but I forgot where."
,Recommended,291860,33545778,Posted: 14 July,all,Mesuinu |童貞|,"To any person who may find this message floating across the endless oceans,I am writing this from a vastly remote location, a place far from home. Not sure how it happened. One second I was waiting on the cashier at the dollar store, on the way back from work, then the next moment an enormous wormhole or something, a huge black hole you only see in overly ambitious sci-fi movies sucked us all up, then plopped us out in this....this strange, strange world. All of us, everybody at the store, including the store itself. Immediately, we were in the hands of the gods. Their screwed up gods, I tell ya. Colorless fellas with sadistically twisted, morbid and disgusting heads or headpieces, I don't know what to call them, were chanting to a mass-proclaimed deity or something, shouting ""Chog, chog!"", rooting for the enormous beast to devour us whole in a sort of sacrificial ritual, but all I could think of was how similar their blindly devout chants sounded to the ""Chug, chug!"" you may hear in a 2005 frat party home video. All of them died, one by one, like mindless sheep in a particularly explicit slaughterhouse. It chills my bones to just think about all the blood and entrails, all the suffering I've witnessed. Some enforcers of the deity, coming at us with loaded machineguns, gigantic baseball bats, rocket launchers that shot cruelly sharp emerald swords and table forks the size of my leg. Huge, smirking bats, furry spiders who all for some reason looked like my mom's girlfriends and one eyed moster people. They all died before my own two eyes, all of them from the store. The naggy, slowpoke clerk, the smelly dude behind me in line, the old lady browsing the kitchen utensils, even her dog who was just patiently waiting, leashed at the entrance. Shot to a bloody damn pulp, that puppy. There were some other people, too. Lots of people, actually. Some of them looked normal, like us, confused and scared. Others looked like them, like the strange people from the crowd, eyes glazed at the arena. Some of those seemed to be joyed by the commotion. Religious followers of the deity, readily prepared to sacrifice themselves, as I found out later. Freakish. Death, death. A resounding thought. I closed my eyes. I felt a thunk, then heard a bang. When I woke up, I was surrounded by maybe 5-6 people, with a mixed variety of strange deformations and dressing habits. Silly hats, ridiculous weapons, fish bowls, cookies, all sorts of weird crap turned into make-shift shileds and weapons. I couldn't understand their gibberish language, but I felt that they had good intentions, towards me at the least. I got handed a few tools to make myself useful. Weapons, terribly unfashionable hats, et cetera. I've been roaming these murderous fields in their company every since. It's been fine so far, I took it better than expected. I was always used to changes, even before, when pops died. However, I am starting to be afraid. Even with all the gibberish, I am beginning to understand the words they are saying. And there is one, just one, even these battle-hardened warriors are deathly afriad to speak out loud. A name, only ever spoken of in whispers, from the shadows. A name that has given them, now us, something to be afraid. A massacrist vagabond, murderous fiend they seem to be....gibbering? Deep in the night, guarding our nomadic tents, they stutter his name. The killer. The murder machine, Horatio. We're all starting to be terribly afriad. I don't wanna die. I'm still just a boy. I put this message in a bottle, hoping it would reach someone. Please, tell my mom I love her very much. Tell her I stole the money from the stash, it wasn't Ellie. Sorry, Ellie, I owe ya one! Please, give Birdcrack, my sweet sweet dog a treat in my name! That is all, world! kthxbyenow"
,Recommended,291860,33619404,Posted: 17 July,all,Emyr,EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS IS JUST YES
76561198046411660,Recommended,291860,29233330,Posted: 13 January,all,StaticFrost,Stop looking at the reviews and BUY IT!
,Recommended,291860,29235234,Posted: 13 January,all,Captain Mangles,It's a great turn-based hexagonal strategy game
,Recommended,291860,29235319,Posted: 13 January,all,Magik,"Now, we all have that ONE game we all love to play, this is mine. I have loved this game since the beta, put around 30 hours into it. I would recommend this game for anyone who wants a game to play with one other person, even though there are more enemies to defeat. Personally my favorite character would have to be the mascot, they're really helpful during fights because they allow you to gain more damage, to receive more experience to help you level up so you don't die. Back when castle crashers was originally made, 2008, I played it on my playstation 3. Now I know what you're all gonna say, ""you console pleb"" ""PC master race"". Well this was back 9 years ago, and I only had my father's laptop, a Lenovo Thinkpad. Anyways, I have loved all of the Behemoth games they have released, and played most of them on ps3 and pc. One thing I noticed though while playing this game today, was that when I ran into an enemy on the map, I shot a rocket at him, I was about to enter battle phase, but it took me out. I don't know if this was intended or not, but it's really helpful for sticky situations."
,Recommended,291860,29235410,Posted: 13 January,all,| MannBeeerPigg |,Even though this game is still new its still super fun. The graphics and art is cartoony and I loved what Behemoth did. Good soundtrack too. 10/10
,Recommended,291860,29235587,Posted: 13 January,all,Little Beast,"ANOTHER masterpiece! The Behemoth has done it again.Graphics, sound, animations, it's all spectacular!Keep in mind this game is still in early access, there will be more content.This is just a big stepping stone.I've been waiting for this game for 3 years! The beta was great, this is even better!PLUS, if you played in the beta all of your information is saved.Even in the early access state it is well worth the $15.P.S. It's more fun with friends."
76561197988582992,Recommended,291860,29235621,Posted: 13 January,all,wyvern831,Good job Behemoth you have done it again. 11/10
,Recommended,291860,29233682,Posted: 13 January,all,Lord of Soup,"Yes.I already loved the style, humor and battle gameplay of this game, but the ""capture new recruits"" mechanic of the game sealed the deal for me.The game can be played almost entirely with a regular mouse and this is a huge plus for me. You do have to tweak the controls a bit though and I would have prefered if the mouse 3 button could be used to end the turn by default (instead of just space) but this could still change of course if there is enough demand for it.It's still a little rough around the edges (eg. menu control feels a bit clunky to me with mouse) but this is to be expected for an early access title and is subject to change. Still, it already plays like a finished product and the fact that things will still improve is very, very promising.Overall I think Pit People is a really fun game with loads of more potential. I recommend it to anyone who isn't afraid of early access."
76561198230457140,Recommended,291860,29233818,Posted: 13 January,all,Mathwall,Super fun.
76561198084427584,Recommended,291860,29234237,Posted: 13 January,all,littlezet,"Have played all the betas, the beta for xbox and pc. And had lots of fun, and now I can have more fun with it. Just buy it and have fun."
,Recommended,291860,29234317,Posted: 13 January,all,foxxo,yeah its good
,Recommended,291860,29234558,Posted: 13 January,all,DippedCone10,"Another gem from the behemoth! This time, it's a turn-based RPG. You can recruit enimies, fight in an area, continue on with the story, complete quests, and so much more!Without saying much, I'll just say that it's worth a try. It's a pretty solid game considering it's in early access. Just... Don't expect anything serious. I mean, it's the Behemoth, what else would you expect? :P"
76561198251135620,Recommended,291860,29234578,Posted: 13 January,all,Skurb,"Just a great game. Real fun and simple, while still presenting a challenge. Highly recomend! :)"
76561198343291394,Recommended,291860,29234628,Posted: 13 January,all,Russlae,This is my second favorite Behemoth game (first one is Castle Crashers) can not wait for this full game to come out!!!
,Recommended,291860,29234872,Posted: 13 January,all,Jax Jones // Philipp,really nice
,Recommended,291860,29234993,Posted: 13 January,all,Bussan,"This game is great, and stamper makes the game amazing."
76561198061280915,Recommended,291860,29235089,Posted: 13 January,all,Daòrys,"The Behemoth always had a good sense of humour! Love this game already!Try it out guys, it is worth 15 € for sure!"
,Recommended,291860,30980084,Posted: 6 April,all,Bloo,Another great title by the Behemoth.With the same great style of Castle Crashers and Battleblock Theater. With great turn based strategy mechanics and a rather funny story.
76561198028139095,Recommended,291860,31000576,Posted: 7 April,all,Eonkenshi,"One of the best games I have ever played, especially playing it local co-op."
,Recommended,291860,30991782,Posted: 6 April,all,Redeyesamurai,great game loving it not to hard but hard enough to enjoy and lololololol
,Recommended,291860,30961587,Posted: 5 April,all,Silent Bill,Pros:-stamper's pantie-wettening voice-dan paladin's sexy artstyle-tom fulp's amazing programming-sofia. I really like sofiaCons:-you haven't bought this game yet
76561198101403386,Recommended,291860,29563709,Posted: 29 January,all,Jentleman,behemoth always makes games for everyone to injoy on any pc little or big.there really funny behemothbut great game pit people is. i bet the rest of 2017 well be the best and only year where this game will be at its prime multiplayer whise
,Recommended,291860,29560998,Posted: 29 January,all,OnkelMickwald,I've been playing this game in hotseat with a friend and we both love it. It's got a faster tempo than we anticipated and that makes it very engaging. We used the mouse/keyboard and a Steam Controller which worked out great.I'd say the only thing I really disliked were that the player one and two color schemes in battles are far to similar. It gets confusing and chaotic. I'd like a switch from yellow to another accent color on one of the teams.
,Recommended,291860,29596134,Posted: 30 January,all,Ashme4,"Its a game by The Behemoth in developement with thats charming, weird, fun, and funny. The lack of a campain during early stages are made up for by the wealth of side quests with writing and caracters. The game is easy to get into with enough depth to not feel too easy or simple. You can create your team of idiots with the humans having plenty of customizablity. (unfortunatly the other creature may only have 1-2 customizable options that often are only cosmetic) There is a multiplayer mode but unfortunatly it a little buggy. Theres an agressivley hard pit mode which is equal parts challenge and luck, which can be nice for a team that is powerfull enough to steamroll in normal mode. (I know theres a insane difficulty but I am scared to touch it)TLDR: Loads of content that feels polished and fun. Complaints are minor or something thats almost certainly not in the final game."
,Recommended,291860,29596399,Posted: 30 January,all,Caboose D A,"So, what does this game have going for it?Behemoth's sense of humor. Anyone who has played any of their games will recognize and appreciate it immediately.The turn-based combat system is well done.The level of unit and squad customization is quite impressive, even though not every unit has the same level of customization.Cooperative and competitive play is solid. I've yet to have any issue either joining, hosting or finding games.But are there any concerns?While the combat system is well done, the player has very basic options available to them.It seemingly comes down to three things;1) Place unit next to one enemy and attack,2) Place unit next to 2+ enemies and attack with AoE or rng single target, or3) Keep unit x tiles away from hostile units and rng range attack single target.You, the player, have no further imput into the units actions, so apart from testing out team comps and looking for synergetic pairings, the game practically plays itself. There's even an autopilot mode that you can enable in combat to allow the computer to play on your behalf.I would like to stress, however, that the ""autonomous"" nature of the game doesn't necessarily make the game less fun.If you are looking for a game in which you have really indepth control over every action that your units take (ex. X-COM) then this game probably shouldn't be at the top of your list. Should you still consider it though, of course.If, however, you are looking for a fun, quirky, simple, co-op, turn-based tile adventure/strategy game, then you can't really go wrong with this title."
76561198184445094,Recommended,291860,29584508,Posted: 30 January,all,[GG] Commie,AWESOME GAME!
,Recommended,291860,29597030,Posted: 30 January,all,Wolfe,"Very fun, and very worth it."
,Recommended,291860,29600916,Posted: 31 January,all,cockwerk cock pork,"You hear PIT PEOPLE, you expect a brutal game full of fighters in a pit. Well.. it sort of is... but.. toony? Pit People is an amazing experience for fast paced combat, no long waiting times, fun characters and TONS of available customization. A game you should really try out. I played the beta and I loved it, I hope to see more development as it may only be early access, but it already feels finished. Don't histitate on waiting with this game. It's rather worth buying than waiting any longer.tl;dr battleblock theater+alien homicide+castle crashers in a xcom with civ hexagons."
,Recommended,291860,29594173,Posted: 30 January,all,Elemint,"What a great game,If you are thinking of getting this game  go for it."
76561198153451759,Recommended,291860,29594228,Posted: 30 January,all,crazyman123,This game is amazing
,Recommended,291860,29603287,Posted: 31 January,all,Slick McSlicky,"Great to see a new behemoth game out, I really recommend it.Right now it's in the early release process and the updates are buggy as all hell, but voice acting i give a 5 out of 3, the antagonist voice is simply amazing. The story is pretty good hence the whole story has not been release.I do recommend this game, but careful about the updates."
76561198095642497,Recommended,291860,29616567,Posted: 31 January,all,Waterguy,10/10 I get to use a red cup as a shield while hitting a doge zombie with dentures
76561198353965312,Recommended,291860,29617032,Posted: 31 January,all,acedancer134,"extremly fun love strategy games and love the jokes that the game makes it has all the concepts of humor from there old games and eben better fast fighting really nice multiplayer and a fun story to play online,single,and localrecomended for all people who like humor and strategy. i've have all the other games these game creators have had and this one is as good and legendary as the others. hope you guyss enjoy the game and lets hope this game comes out with a bang"
,Recommended,291860,29411838,Posted: 21 January,all,Hakase,"Fire Emblem + Pokemon.This game is addictive and fun with Behemoth style art and great simplicity. But, on the other hand, its lack of depth in strategy make late gameplay a little tedious.However, it's still in Early Access, so don't be too strict to it."
,Recommended,291860,29590210,Posted: 30 January,all,hi,"For an early access game, or any game in general, it's great! The narrator is funnywith amazing quotes such as ""Sayonara is Japanese for Go die."", the game play is fun, there's a lot to do after the story is finished, it's still being developed... From 3 hours alone, I can just keep on going, and now I can't wait for the official release of the game."
,Recommended,291860,29594026,Posted: 30 January,all,۩۞۩  FerMod  ۩۞۩,"This game is amazing! I cant wait to play it when is fully released.I love The Behemoth, and the games they make.The script is funny and the voice actor, Will Stamper, makes it even more funny."
76561197991727153,Recommended,291860,29569649,Posted: 29 January,all,olivemaster,"Most complete early access game you'll play. So many unexpected fun features in this game, just very well designed. Online co-op works flawlessly. Best of all, the alien hominid/castle crashers humour is still there.The tutorial/tooltips are lacking/non-existent though, but most of this is already addressed in the first beta update.With all the mediocre indie games priced at $30 easily raking in money, a price tag for $15 for such a masterpiece makes it a must-get."
76561198303657635,Recommended,291860,29582486,Posted: 30 January,all,BlindEagleEye,Really funny story and cool gameplay I recommend this game and you must grind ! (y)
,Recommended,291860,29415450,Posted: 21 January,all,Toxin,i have a little bit of time on this game and im not that into strat games but from what ive playd this is the best Behemoth game to date(ive playd all the other ones
,Recommended,291860,29427244,Posted: 22 January,all,Aids McGuff,"This game is so much fun and I can never get enough of Dan Paladin's artwork. I have been a fan since my old times at Newgrounds. As for the gameplay, it's turn-based so if you like turn-based games then you'll probably like this. There's nearly infinite customization for all of your heroes and you can play however you want. My only complaint are the controls for Keyboard/Mouse, but only because it can feel wonky at times because you can tell it's made for a controller. I can't wait for the finished product and I'll keep playing it up until it releases, there's enough content for now."
,Recommended,291860,29427463,Posted: 22 January,all,Sqp,Amazing for being early access!
,Recommended,291860,29428369,Posted: 22 January,all,dongus,The Behemoth has consistently put out amazing games. This is no diffrent
76561198060454891,Recommended,291860,29428470,Posted: 22 January,all,briddle24,Great Game :)
76561198085663433,Recommended,291860,29425492,Posted: 22 January,all,danielbassett505,"Please remember this awesome game is in Early Access, but that doesn't stop it from being a GEM!The art style, the humour, the gameplay ALL of it GOLD!!! I cannot get enough of Pit People and very happy I got Early Access as it's a deep game to explore and love the humour. I look forward to the final build and many updates to come but it's a great game. Give it a try :-)"
,Recommended,291860,29425697,Posted: 22 January,all,ccyxycc,"I absolutely love this game, and I will always recommend Behemoth games.This is a turn based strategy game, as you may know.You may also know that this is in Early Access, so I will keep that in mind when I state my opinion.Pros:-The game is very fun, even in its early development days.-This game is comedic and fun, as all the Behemoth games are.-This game is a great breath of fresh air; its hard to find a good game with a fighting style similar to a turn based hex game.-Get similar to Castle Crashers and Battleblock Theatre out of your head; this is only similar in art and graphics.-So far, I have found no bugs whatsoever, which is amazing, considering this is in Early Access.Cons:-Some of the menus are unintuitive and hard to browse through, such as the character accessory and selection menus in the house at the city. The menus are also a bit confusing at times. This is my biggest annoyance.-I'm typing this while in game, and I have no idea how to save unless it saves automatically.-Fighting can become a nuisance at times with the battling strategies. Theres no real guide to show you what everything does or reminders, you just kinda have to remember everything.-The online system is a bit wonky and needs tweaking.There aren't many cons, but the cons listed really Bees my Movie. And if it all came down to it, yes. Yes you should buy this game. Immediately. It is so much fun beyond belief."
76561198193858010,Recommended,291860,29429592,Posted: 22 January,all,Carter,10/10
,Recommended,291860,29412651,Posted: 21 January,all,ᛟ SATURN ᛟ,"Simple, addicting, fun. Hands down the best Behemoth game to date. I really hope this game is supported for many years to come. I can see myself come back again and a agin for the pvp alone."
76561198001539920,Recommended,291860,29412946,Posted: 21 January,all,SFC [E]spada,Has potential was enjoying it but it kept on crashing when i was playing multi player... Please fix the bugs so i can actually play this game...
,Recommended,291860,29416843,Posted: 22 January,all,wilkonsincarver,"The Behemoth is back!I've been a huge fan of this studio since Newgrounds, have played everything they have developed up to this point, and I have to say that Pit People is turning out to be one of the best efforts they have ever made. Castle Crashers was amazing for unlocks and playing through multiple times to find all of the nuances and secrets lying underneath, but after 30-40 hours you have done and seen most of what the game has to offer. Pit People is so different in that aspect, as there are literally 1,000+ items to unlock, a multitude of different characters and species to ""recruit"", and a billion reasons to sink your time into this game.As Early Access, the game gives you a very limited view of what is in store for the main story experience, but it vastly makes up for this with an addictive but accessible PVP and super-hard Co-Op pit mode. Not to mention the huge open world that seems to have a lot to discover, and plenty of creatures to add to your team as mentioned before.There are a few noticable and jarring UI problems with this game. For one, a lot of the stat management and overviews for characters are incredibly subtle. At first, I had no idea that leveling your recruits mattered. There's no representation of your stats growing or what the growth per individual species would be. You'll especially notice this once you recruit a Mascot species type, as their attack damage on the stats page reads a huge number above all other species, but they merely buff other characters and don't do the damage stated on their page. There needs to be more ways to differenciate between the different Clops or Humans you recruit, as well as stat comparison to someone you're wanting to swap in on your team before taking on PvP or the World Map.The UI is also very difficult to manage with a mouse + keyboard. I have been playing most of this game with the Steam Controller, and I find that method of play to be a lot more enjoyable. Playing on my laptop with a mouse and keyboard, or even my main PC, was a challenge. There's no visual feedback when you're nearing the edge of the screen in the main hub for bulding selections other than a ""click your mouse"" prompt, and you usually find yourself running between buildings often trying to make a simple selection. There are plenty of other examples of the UI being incredibly clunky and vague, like the Quest Selection page before you depart to the world. I had to take a few moments to grasp what they wanted me to do.I've put a good amount of hours into this game so far, and I cannot wait to see what they bring to the table with it. Definitely one of the better Early Access titles I have ever played. I see this game having such potential for updates, maybe little DLC packs for new character stories or mission packs. Hell, maybe even release these quarterly for free. I can also see a potential competitive scene emerging from this game once all the balancing has been ironed out, and most of the gameplay has been tweaked a bit.I will update this review when the game goes live, but I would highly recommend you buy this if you are on the fence about it. I would say 80% of the game is there, and what is included is well worth the $15 asking price.To the Pits!"
76561198255246694,Recommended,291860,29417456,Posted: 22 January,all,Catsparrow,very funny a good but simple game best game evr
,Recommended,291860,29440625,Posted: 23 January,all,SAMTEDDEH,"I've only played 3 hours of it thus far, but this game is amazing!I've not yet encountered any bugs so far, so it has that going for it.The only issue I've had is with the alert sound for enemies, if you get a highly populated area you'll be getting the alert sound every few seconds and my god is it annoying when in rapid succession.All in all it's been a great experience so far."
76561197991435059,Recommended,291860,29440646,Posted: 23 January,all,Search_Warrant,"Funny as hell, gameplay is fun, nice visuals and customization makes you laugh (long neck derpy face), turn based system is rather nice once you set out your plan and watch it in motion as arrows/axes/sawbales fly all over. wielding lollypops that freeze people and shields bouncing all sorts of flying objects.Capturing enemys and adding them to your lineup of fighters is a cool design, some having unique traits too! (funny mushrooms farting on people)If you want a funny dynamic turn based game with ""battleblock theater"" visuals (and comedy) its worth getting, feels great even for a Early Access"
,Recommended,291860,29498098,Posted: 26 January,all,Mr.Carl Karlson,its pretty nicei see only good times in this games future
76561198006326876,Recommended,291860,29269434,Posted: 15 January,all,Tartiflette™,"You always  wanted to fight gangsta fairy with a unicorn who throws explosive rainbow horn? Or fight some big Spiders thanks to a man armed with a toilet paper and a chili pepper? If it was the case, this game was created for you!"
,Recommended,291860,29282523,Posted: 15 January,all,IAmTooTired,iz gud mayn
,Recommended,291860,29496886,Posted: 25 January,all,JadedAceGaming♤,"Greatest game all around, Behemoth has finnally made yet another great game that seems to take off Battleblock Theatre (Highly reccommend playing, super fun) Just a fantastic game10/10 would want it to be full game"
76561198085128667,Recommended,291860,29236252,Posted: 13 January,all,Triforcers,"While the game is still in early acess, the gameplay is fantastic. The thought you have to put into every move can make or break the fight, meaning you need to plan a couple steps ahead. I love the idea of a medic that slowly dies as he heals and every single class is unique and special in their own way.Gotta hand it to Behemoth, they have made 4 games, each in a different genre and all of them being fantastic games."
76561198047321468,Recommended,291860,29236495,Posted: 13 January,all,Machi,Fire emblem meets pokemon meets battleblock theater. It's awesome.
76561197996080721,Recommended,291860,29236908,Posted: 13 January,all,The_Duke_of_Citrus_Acquisition,"Do you like smarmy wit?  Do you like turn based stragety games?  Can you enjoy\tolerate bad puns?  BUY. THIS. GAME.  Everything about this game is marvelous.  The art, the story, the soundtrack.  The amount of choices you have to make for your party make it so fun!  Should i equip a mace?   but then i cannot use a helmet because I am to heavy... ect.Id give this game a 9.5 outta 10.  I havent finished it yet so I dont know if it will get the last .5 points, but i have a feeling i will be changing this once i beat it."
,Recommended,291860,29232073,Posted: 13 January,all,High King Herb,"From the masterminds of Castle Crashers and Battleblock Theater comes another hilariously fun party game.Grab a handful of friends or play solo, this game is just as wild of a ride as their other games."
,Recommended,291860,29232358,Posted: 13 January,all,btes1514,Overall alot of fun so far. I really love the number of items and the characters you can use. I think there is alot of potential here. My biggest issue so far is some of the UI. The item selection menu at your house is confusing and definitely made for controller use. Would love to see some improvements there and in the information about characters and weapons/items.
,Recommended,291860,29238818,Posted: 13 January,all,BODY,10/10
,Recommended,291860,29238855,Posted: 13 January,all,߷,The turn based style and light humor during the loading screens makes this a game that I would play again. The open world feel after you beat the campaign plus all of the extra quests with a fair amount of difficulty allow constent replayability to get all the achivements or complete all the quests.
76561198203055658,Recommended,291860,29238902,Posted: 13 January,all,legouniverse1203,This game is increadibly fun especially if you play with friends. Even though story in early acces did seem a bit short though it's understandable. There are also alot of side and open world quests to keep you busy. The humor and narrations in this game are extrodenarily good and had me laughing throughout it.
,Recommended,291860,29238914,Posted: 13 January,all,Minty,Great game several hours of this game will be played.
,Recommended,291860,29239011,Posted: 13 January,all,☺ Rio Blast,"Today is rapture! But no seriously...I've been watching this game for a couple of years now and today it finally launched into early access. I for one normally stay away from early access, but for this game I just couldn’t wait, and $15 seemed reasonable considering how long I have watched this game. I'm happy to say after playing for about an hour and a half it was well worth the wait. I’m honestly blown away at how well this game came together and how fun it is to play! Ill update this review the more that I play it, but so far it gets a 10/10 from me."
76561198175009510,Recommended,291860,29239293,Posted: 13 January,all,TKL MP,"Great emmersive gameplay, not much content atm but is somthing you can come back to even after completeing the main story, overall it wasnt too challenging but challenging enough to keep you entertained."
,Recommended,291860,29239304,Posted: 13 January,all,Doot,"Dedicated poop button, 10/10"
76561198112338698,Recommended,291860,29242332,Posted: 14 January,all,Swaggerilla,Played for about 2 hours and was immediatly hooked. So much fun to play with a friend!
76561198041195124,Recommended,291860,29242448,Posted: 14 January,all,Arielroler,i cant reccomend this enough
,Recommended,291860,29239537,Posted: 13 January,all,Spooky Felicia,Nice
,Recommended,291860,29239691,Posted: 13 January,all,Monokuma,Awesome Game great humor does not feel like your typical early access game.
76561198093477440,Recommended,291860,29239868,Posted: 13 January,all,Klofle,"This game is great. I took a look at the negative reviews and the few there are complain that there is little story content. I just wanted to write a review to make it clear that that really doesn't matter in my opinion. Story is coming, this is an early access game. I don't think it should recieve any bad reviews for lack of main story content. The world is pretty large and you can go around and capture endless amounts of mobs. But for me where this game is likely going to shine is in the multiplayer. I could easily see myself dropping over 100 hours into the pvp system alone due to the amount of variety there can be. You have to go capture the monsters/get the weapons and that itself might be tedious as there aren't too many quests, but when you have stuff it looks like it's gonna be endless fun. Definitely up there for most amount of polish for an early access game."
,Recommended,291860,29240011,Posted: 13 January,all,hi,"Yes, this game is a strategy game, But if you are like me, and don't really play or like strategy games, but you do love all Behemoth games, you will like this game."
,Recommended,291860,29240094,Posted: 13 January,all,purpleninja102,"So this is going to appeal to a few small people. and I mean small. Like, 16k people have seen it small (it being thrilling intent ep. 46 cool youtube series check it out.) But.Horatio the protagonist?Horatio protagonist.....""My name is dan, I'd like to come inside your wizard hole....♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;"
,Recommended,291860,29243308,Posted: 14 January,all,Yoda,Very interesting and exciting story told through a narrator that helps to bring the game to life. Hilarious monologues and interactions between party members and enemies and the music is just fantastic.
,Recommended,291860,29243480,Posted: 14 January,all,ZephyrStormProject,"Good game, but the driving element is pure garbage"
76561198054838594,Recommended,291860,29556008,Posted: 28 January,all,TIELORDE,Very amazing game love it just as much as I loved castle crashers this game is pretty amazing.
,Recommended,291860,29559265,Posted: 29 January,all,Bigg Boi,this game has the same funny story and narration as battle block thearter but is a completely diffrent game and is really run to play
,Recommended,291860,29558279,Posted: 28 January,all,RubTheDuck,Solid Turn-Based StrategyEndless characters/loot customizationGood multiplayerFunny story10/10 would ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,291860,29556296,Posted: 28 January,all,Tedzilla,"Great fun, fast action for a turn based game."
,Recommended,291860,29556529,Posted: 28 January,all,sakiyounara,"The game is brilliant!ABOUT THE GAME AT THIS POINT:The mechanics of this game is very similar to the traditional ""tactics"" game, yet i hope it can still go deeper in the updates.The graphics are smooth and described good enough, and its hilarious.The music are so great i have to listen to them again on youtube.The gameplay: recruit and loots are shining imo, that makes exploring the world map is not boring at all! One thing i dont like about the item system is that there are too many weapons/helmets with the same stats (which makes them JUST different by the appearance).WHAT I THINK SHOULD HAVE BEEN THERE:SHOULD have boss battles.SHOULD have more quest type other than just go to some point and win the fight there.SHOULD have more skills (only use 3 attacks all the game is not fun at all, should have a talent tree with at least 5 skill (one ultimate) for each character/recruit), this will adds more depth to the combat system.SHOULD adjust ranged attacks: it is fine right now, but can be improve imo. I think there should be only one range enemy with decent damage that rushs player to kill him rather than multiple archers dealing 1/2 dam (which is not threatening at all!)SHOULD continue the main quest, and make it a long and memorable journey.So far i can't join any pvp match, but the co.op against bot is really fun.Recommended this to anyone who up to fun strategy RPG game."
76561198209376420,Recommended,291860,29556679,Posted: 28 January,all,Clementine,>Captured a gorgon>Gorgon is sexy!>Gorgon is my hero.>found foreveralone face>considered it foreshadowing>found troll mom>got trolled10/10 Pipistrella is sexy too!
,Recommended,291860,29435772,Posted: 22 January,all,Alfred333,So Addicting And fun. I would say the same fun as their other games or actually maybe even more fun.
,Recommended,291860,29435833,Posted: 22 January,all,Metavance,"This game is super addicting and really fun! It has great online coop; you can play the whole story online with a friend. I think the characters and weapons are funny as hell and it really feels complete. However, because it's still early access there's barely any story so I'm hoping that comes soon. Even without the story the game can still be played a lot, there's a ton of quests and items to get. If you still have your doubts It's a behemoth game, of course you should buy it, every game they made I've spent countless hours on already. INSTA BUY!"
,Recommended,291860,29435934,Posted: 22 January,all,bigpey,"Games really fun, has a lot to do but beware the main story is very short although there are a lot of bonus missions the main story is being released in parts. Art style is great, comical, and a lot to explore and find."
,Recommended,291860,29263727,Posted: 14 January,all,Momoitin,"I have a Cyclopse named Big Daddy that has a massive belt...I love Behemoth games, I played the hell out of Castle Crashers and Battleblock as much as I could and I have been waiting for this game for a while. Though in its curent state its given me a lot of fun and excitement, I would be cautious when buying as its not everyones cup of tea.This game is currently in Early Access as i'm writing this review and should be thought of as a beta copy as there is not much main storyline content in the game at the moument. And though the humor and art style are amazing and the story so far looks even more so I would reccommend this game, just make sure you are not going to go out of your way to complain saying ""this game isnt even finished, ugh waise of $15."" because if you do, then you don't understand what Early Access actually means"
76561198181235489,Recommended,291860,29246228,Posted: 14 January,all,Grimmsplosion,"Been looking frward to Pit People for a while and so far have not been disappointed despite it's current EA status. I've mainly been playing co-op with a friend and honestly it's been a blast!I don't want to give too many spoilers, however the narrator explanations are some of the most entertaining voice acting I've heard in a long time and drips with Behemoth humour.Can't comment a whole lot on the single player experience but with a friend it's fun to have the ability to yell ""save my cupcake!!"" and have it actually be of intrinsic value to the combat at hand.So to conclude; If you enjoyed the humour of Castle Crashers, Battleblock Theater etc and have a penchant for turn based strategy games, and definitely so if you have a friend that shares these things, give this one a go and you too can be overly protective of confectionary."
76561198135463183,Recommended,291860,29243606,Posted: 14 January,all,Steelz Cloud,I can make a team out of memes. 11/10
,Recommended,291860,29243711,Posted: 14 January,all,Stormy,"Has the utmost potential, depending on how things are executed upon full release.Pros:-Hilariously chaotic-Pretty decent co-op-Awesome, if not slightly frustrating, combat-It's got William Stamper, what more do you want?Cons:-Units act of their own volition after you move them, causing problems with focusing single enemies-Driving in the overworld is borderline painful at the moment-Abusable mechanicsThe game is very fun, that much is certain. Sure, the story is far from complete, but the side-quest lines take a while and are balanced to your level (at least from my personal experience). Essentially, the game is Fire Emblem meets Pokemon meets The Behemoth. As prior stated, moving units is the extent of your turn, which makes strategizing both a breeze and maddening at once. Because the battles take place on hexes, if a single enemy unit has enemies on two opposite sides, you only have about a 33% chance of hitting them, as the other two enemies to either side will also be in range. This is both good and bad, as you can also exploit this strategy. The Pit is a gladiatorial arena, which has an ""Unfair"" game mode. It's three back to back fights with unit death carrying over between rounds. This at first seems like a fun challenge for late game, but as it turns out, it's a totally exploitable experience farm. The day the early access started, I was at the top of the leaderboard, not because I deserved it, but because I was grinding experience and in the process got unique loot that can only be acquired by placing well in The Pit. The game needs some polishing in some areas, but I was happy to take the dive, and The Behemoth delivers once again.On the funny scale:Battleblock Theatre > Pit People > Castle Crashers"
,Recommended,291860,29244022,Posted: 14 January,all,CliMax,"Dont be put off by the current ammount of content, Behemoth are amazing and they are going to continue to support this. Trust me and trust Behemoth."
76561198078478005,Recommended,291860,29244284,Posted: 14 January,all,nguyenk3687,"I played basically all day when this came out. So far so good. As an Early Access Game, it felt very comleted at the moment. I can't wait until the game is finished developing."
,Recommended,291860,29247859,Posted: 14 January,all,Dramin Over,"This game has it all! Behemoth just keep getting better and better with each game, I absolutely recommend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,291860,29247996,Posted: 14 January,all,Kiki162,"Awesome game, The Behemoth writing + Stamper's narration is a match made in heaven. Only downside I can think of is the soundtrack for the game isn't available to buy yet."
,Recommended,291860,29250114,Posted: 14 January,all,Pata-K,"Mild spoiler warning, but honestly there is not much to spoil.***The mechanics work perfectly, but for now, everything is... basic. Everything works, yes, but it's just the bones with basic strats and counters. There's nothing really special put in yet. You can feel the artwork's funk, that Behemoth style of doing things. Whoever's been working with this has put heart into it.The world is appealing, it calls for adventure. I could vision theories of what I'm about to face in this game. will there be random or conditionally spawning legendary/unique monsters, can I recruit them as well, will there be hunt quests for them, can I get fat loot out of some rare or secret quests, what will happen in the main storyline as it gets done and so forth. It's a vast land in there and I want to search it's nooks 'n crannies for every conceivable piece of equipment and lore I can find. Or, you know... that's just how it feels in the game's open world.Ah, the story... the story is left undone. There's literally one main story quest after you get to free exploring. Not only that, so far it took some odd turns before it's unprecedented end. It was a disappointment, to say the least. ""Hey the main story ends here but you can still grind for exp... right?"" There WERE big warning signs about it though, so it's not like it came as a surprise. It just surprised how little there was.I get the feel there was multiple ways to do this and none was clearly chosen, every road that could've been taken was as much fun and rewarding for the producer and the consumer so almost none was scrapped. It's still too open to say anything else. I can imagine though. I would very much like an endgame battle where I could slap the antagonist's space nipples with swords and maces. I would like to see the characters grow a bit, y'know a little backstory for them so they won't feel like they're just slapped in. I'd love to see some stuff even after the main story is finished, that's like giving diamonds to me. (or you can just give the 'mondz, man. Give 'em. Come on, gib. Gib!)Yes, much is to be done. I'm still recommending it, but don't get your hopes up. Buy it now if you feel like supporting Behemoth, but for those who don't care about that: it's not worth yet. At all."
,Recommended,291860,29250187,Posted: 14 January,all,Crzy,I love armpit people
76561198096110472,Recommended,291860,29250348,Posted: 14 January,all,gameboy1556,It was worth the wait
,Recommended,291860,29249180,Posted: 14 January,all,Mesaperture,"Again, a masterpiece of Behemoth, nothing negative to say. The game comes with an excellent soundtrack, just like Castle Crashers and Battleblock Theater (the best I've ever heard with the Valve games). We can find also the same humor of the 2 previous games (like the voice off in BBT). The style is the same, nothing to change, beautiful. The style of game is not the same, and this is not unpleasant. Unlike castle crashers, it is a turn by turn-like. Strongly recommanded."
,Recommended,291860,29249808,Posted: 14 January,all,Midoriya Izuku,Waiting for more cool event!
,Recommended,291860,29249813,Posted: 14 January,all,Simvolick,Great and fun game!Can not wait till there is more story to immerse myself into this amazing and really cool world :)
76561198059348706,Recommended,291860,29260039,Posted: 14 January,all,Lord Badoc,its not even fineshed and its already my fav game frome behemoth 5 stars
,Recommended,291860,29252178,Posted: 14 January,all,no cuss words,nic
,Recommended,291860,29328085,Posted: 17 January,all,DankShamwow,I fought and killed a poop monster named Boppity Zipzop. 10/10
76561198172610219,Recommended,291860,29328117,Posted: 17 January,all,Filipino Carbonara King,I forgot how fantastic Behemoth is in making any game style at all
,Recommended,291860,29328129,Posted: 17 January,all,Squirt,Holy fish nuggies 11/10
,Recommended,291860,29328362,Posted: 17 January,all,Riptide*,"Very Noice, but at the time of the review the current quests are rather lack luster and the story doesn't go that far but is still worth the money. Gameplay can be repetitive if you don't change up your squad.  Occasinal bugs but I'm sure that they will be fixed by full release.If you like The Behemoth than you'll like this but if you're really on edge wait a while until more content is added because it will just want to lusting for more.p"
76561198045501106,Recommended,291860,29328447,Posted: 17 January,all,Mr.Incredible,This game has steam cloud support. 10/10
76561198034834891,Recommended,291860,29330164,Posted: 17 January,all,feldshau,This game is awesome. Main storyline is short cannot wait for new content. Just exploring the vast world and playing around with all the different characters is great.
,Recommended,291860,29330419,Posted: 17 January,all,shnanners,"Best story and comedy that Behemoth has made to date. This game is definitely one to keep your eye on, I think the best is yet to come. When I first purchased this game I had a few doubts, but I put in 4 hours right off the bat because I was hooked. The story is a tad short but there is SO MUCH that this game holds. The collectibles itself are what keeps me returning!It's a Behemoth game, prepare for funnies, poop jokes and weirdly demented characters."
76561198067420115,Recommended,291860,29329215,Posted: 17 January,all,QTip Nips,My favorite game from Behemoth yet! Behemoth really went went all in on this one. Absolutely worth the $ so far and can't wait for the fleshed out story mode!
,Recommended,291860,29329266,Posted: 17 January,all,NERForBUFFIN,"Behemoth has done it again! Their art syle and satirical design combined with a hard-working, devoted team will always make a great game! No matter the genre! It really leaves its own mark on strategy games without feeling like a Castle Crashers-themed Civ game. I can't wait to sink a bunch of hours into this with one of my buddies as we start the campaign at least 5 different times."
,Recommended,291860,29329578,Posted: 17 January,all,Nappa,"Behemoth is one of the few Devs I would ever consider buying an early access game from. Seriously, these guys are awesome, and so are their games. I've laughed a lot so far, i love the combat, the simple yet compelling strategy, and the party system. ""Recruiting"" lol. Buy it, 100% worth it."
,Recommended,291860,29329639,Posted: 17 January,all,DatBoi,Yes Good Buy! If you have played a Behemoth game you already know the comedy and fun gameplay ahead!
76561198254335371,Recommended,291860,29329759,Posted: 17 January,all,Panik!,"Giraffe: This game is kinda like other games, but sli-Me: A metric♥♥♥♥♥♥load better!My one issue as or the week after it came into early access, is when someone goes into the pit with six pixies and turns the entire battlefield into a living hell.... literally.But seriously buy it. My Horatio is wearing Clarence's head. ( TheRussianBadger joke. )"
,Recommended,291860,29331170,Posted: 17 January,all,Sir Narwhalian,"Short on story content (early access), but great on gameplay. Would recommend making your very own Triad of Tumultuous Trolls."
,Recommended,291860,29354867,Posted: 19 January,all,CAT-astrophe,"Not to far into it, but its still really fun. ive been waiting for months on end for this to come out, and i must say, im not disappointed. Perfect 10/10 in my book."
76561198143744390,Recommended,291860,29356187,Posted: 19 January,all,prefdemsday,"Pit people is incredibly fun, I find myself spending hours on it, even with a noticable lack of story."
76561198027832595,Recommended,291860,29356469,Posted: 19 January,all,Hi,Eletricbot+ mushroom team is super OP power they have no weakness
76561197987406271,Recommended,291860,29357464,Posted: 19 January,all,Lissner,"Love this game so far, great humor and good depth. while not finished as yet, the content is currently enough for at last 30 hours imao."
,Recommended,291860,29355286,Posted: 19 January,all,Sounamii,Most fun I've had in a game since castle crashers. The Behemoth has never let me down.
,Recommended,291860,29352591,Posted: 19 January,all,big tiddy goth gf,"As someone who only plays arena shooters and despises turn-based RPG games, this was one helluva fun game. ESPECIALLY if you are playing with friends. #ButtSplitter"
,Recommended,291860,29231906,Posted: 13 January,all,Yossarian,"Great turn-based strategy game. At first it may seem a bit simplistic, but as soon as you get to choose your fighters' gear, you can customise them quite a bit.Controls on the map and during battle are really easy. Activating an ability or attacking an enemy is done by standing on the appropriate tile/the right distance for the action.The humour is amazing, in the short time I've played, the game made me laugh out loud a few times. Artwork and music are great, too.The only thing I'd like to see changed are the loadout controls with keyboard an mouse as they are a bit jumpy.Also the loadout screen is a bit confusing. Some tooltips might help.Other than that it's a great game. Really recommend getting it if you like turn-based strategy. Or even if you're not a huge fan of it: Get it, it's easy enough to learn the basics and it's so much fun."
,Recommended,291860,29231954,Posted: 13 January,all,Ash,"I can't stand turn-based combat, I typically find it boring and not action packed enough, but this game changed that. Every moment of this game is exciting, funny, or wild. The soundtrack is amazing, thousands of unlockables, tons of characters to capture and unlock. Also a great emphasis on the pvp and co-op. Great job The Behemoth :) keep it up!"
76561198014325964,Recommended,291860,29404989,Posted: 21 January,all,JoeWarhost,"Let met start by saying I reccomend this game. The laughs itself is worth the $15. The behemoth always makes pretty good games, and I've known about several of the people involved in this game back in their Newgrounds days over a decade ago. But, I do believe this game has some issues - not counting the incomplete story campaign, which is mentioned in-game by the developers as a work in progress. At the time of writing this, it will only last you about an hour if you try to complete it quickly. But the game also generates random encounters with rewards and ratcheting difficulty, as well as co-op and multiplayer vs.The good:- The game is funny. Really funny.- The strategy is easy to pick up and accessible.- Play with a friend!- Turn-based strategy without the premadeath and nessescary save-scumming that *cough* X-Com still seems to have a hard time getting rid of.- A high degree of customization and collectibles seems to provide a lot of replay value.- A giant world with tons of sidequests and rewards.The bad:- This game has a wierd habit of making the world full of color and life, but making the characters washed out and a little bland. For a capture-the-pokemon style of collection and recruitment, it's weird that most of the combatants are stark white humans in off-white clothes.- The strategy is flat, without elevation, without a variety of terrain bonuses or a huge variety in abilities or defences. Most fights turn into bottlenecking and musical hexes.- Health bars are so huge that often the fights turn into attrition slugfests."
,Recommended,291860,29405950,Posted: 21 January,all,Daza002,"It's great but not perfectCons:-Too many bullet sponges(especially in the story mission)It's not even hard to beat them it's just they Every  enemy soak tons of damage-barely any explaination of weeekness and strength against enemy's-Equipiment menu feels sloppy, a lot of time in confused what to do,- there should be a before and after graph for equipment-Controller support like for steam controllers and PS4 would be nice-A capture enemy off guard system would be nice-tutorial for stats, feel to overwhelm, and this is the guy who played fire emblem fates (conquest) on lunatic classic mode- moving hexs back in forth feels to clunky-to next gen graphics, need to tone down a bit ( really  appreciate  the crt mode)-shows health of people after moving them, it's very hard for a cupcake to do it's job if it can't see the health of there fellow team mates-very shallow enemy's and alliesWho and Why I recommend it:To everybody really but espically to people who like tatical role playing gamesI recommend it because it's amazing turn based grid combat and funny yet cruel dialogue, a thing you would expect from a behemoth game."
,Recommended,291860,29403428,Posted: 21 January,all,Mystery,this game is awsome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198328539229,Recommended,291860,29403576,Posted: 21 January,all,DemonicDD,"while still in early access theres a lot of content, and the (not yet finished) storyline is quite good and has a lot of charm (once the devs finish it it'll probably be their best game).Overall: 8/10 with the potential to reach an 8.5"
76561198066185939,Recommended,291860,29406403,Posted: 21 January,all,Rej72380,"Pit People is without a single doubt the best tactics RPG I have played in a long time. The game has all sorts of content and there will actually be more of it since it is in Early Access at the time of this review. The multiplayer is one of the most balanced of today's games and the sounds and music is top notchThe game is not without it's flaws. Because units are programmed to have minds of their own, they sometime attack certain enemies when they're suppose to attack other high-priority targets. Also, some quests have at least 3x the number of enemy untis as your army of up to six units, which creates unnecessary chaos.Overall, I highly recommend getting Pit People. It has the makings of a potential GotY candidate."
,Recommended,291860,29321235,Posted: 17 January,all,DJ Defuse,Good♥♥♥♥♥chicken
,Recommended,291860,29325103,Posted: 17 January,all,Moki,Get. It. Meow.
76561198065805878,Recommended,291860,29325278,Posted: 17 January,all,Elite Nederhoff,I don't think Behemoth is capable of making a bad game. 10/10
,Recommended,291860,29332187,Posted: 17 January,all,Lawlsomedude,"Fast-paced Turn-based Fun Place!What's this? The Behemoth, the creators of my favorite beat-em-up and one of my favorite platformers, made a turn-based game? Sign me up!I'm a fan of turn-based games with RPG elements: the Fallout games by Interplay, Wasteland, Fire Emblem, the works. Seeing this game annouced, I was a little skeptical. Specifically, about the co-op features. Many turn-based games with co-op have each player move individually. But I'll be beaten down with a rubber hose filled with frozen custard if The Behemoth didn't make it work.I can easily compare the gameplay to Fire Emblem, but boiled down to what's important. No faffing about with the weapon triangle for Pit People! Bigger weapons do more damage but weigh more. Archers aren't effective at close range. Maces work better on armored foes. Ultimately, the secret to success is how you position your soldiers on the field. Different squads can mesh together in different ways, allowing for interesting stratigies that work for you.The humor is nothing new if you've played Behemoth's previous, with the glorious glorious voice of Stamper, the narrator in Battleblock Theatre, making a return as the narrator. This time around he's made out to be super sarcastic and passive-aggressive towards the protagonists. It's truly a joy to behold the dialouge. But as they say, the devil's in the details. Pit People has a lot of tiny details that make it much more enjoyable. For example, each unit type has a special entry corralating to them. And the entries are just an absolute joy.This game is a-okay in my book!"
76561198200821703,Recommended,291860,29335674,Posted: 18 January,all,Nic,"Good Gameplay and really funny! the Behemoths Humour is still here and its still amazing! if you enjoyed Castle Crashers or any other Behemoth game, then this is a must buy"
76561197962279711,Recommended,291860,29451853,Posted: 23 January,all,Knugen,It's good.
76561198061694278,Recommended,291860,29451302,Posted: 23 January,all,MINGO,"I never review games, but I felt an obligation to upvote this one. This game is fantastic and a blast to play, and it's not even finished yet! If you've got $15 and a friend or two lying around, pick up this game, you wont regret it!"
76561198043995150,Recommended,291860,29450313,Posted: 23 January,all,riceefan,This game is a mix of pokemon and xcom 2 with all the potty humor that u expect from the company The Behemoth.
,Recommended,291860,29450475,Posted: 23 January,all,Xx Hymen_Destroyer xX,"It's a game where you fight cool things in an arena, and go out on quests in the overworld. You can capture creatures and collect loot out in the overworld, but also watch out for this pillars with a red button on them (they turn green after you touch them), they might do something. The best Behemoth game ever created. I'm sure the finished product will be even better."
76561197997899476,Recommended,291860,29451058,Posted: 23 January,all,HunterDog,It is a little money money but the game it very fun and more entertaining/funny
,Recommended,291860,29460798,Posted: 24 January,all,Fangs124,Love the humour in this game
76561198115848047,Recommended,291860,29577833,Posted: 29 January,all,MadVomit,lots of stuffs to unlock. if this has a community mods it will be a lot better too
,Recommended,291860,29578113,Posted: 29 January,all,McButterMilkBiscuit,Pit People is a fantastic game for anyone. I would recommend this for a person who likes Funny Well made RTS's . Though it is still in early access there are still holes in the map like stores or maps that you cant enter. But that shouldnt turn you away from the awesome and funny action sequences.Pros :-Very fun co-op-Very competitive players-Fun to kill things and level up-Still isnt completed So more is on the way-Doesn't hold Your hand-Really Great Animation-Fun little Easter EggsCons :-Cant customize the torso of characters (That'd be pretty cool)-No Teal-Not much variety when it comes to enemies-Cant have more than 2 players In one game (that could be a lot more fun with 4 player co-op)There is basically no other cons to list cause of how great this game is.So If you want to play locally or find some friends online its basically for you.
76561198053836814,Recommended,291860,29631370,Posted: 1 February,all,feelsbadman,"I said Horatio, DIES!!!Not really finished, it seems 40% ~ 50% as of yet since only 1 chapter. Sidequests abit small as well. They are relying for pvp, and arena battles for now. Hopefully faster updates coming up!"
,Recommended,291860,29347131,Posted: 18 January,all,>Retrieve.Alias \Feedback'Apple',"A great game with great story, content, and quests I i look forward to seeing the rest of the main ""campaign"" story and maybe even more fighter types to ess around with. another triumph by the truly underappreciated Behemoth."
76561198144436645,Recommended,291860,29347699,Posted: 18 January,all,Boss Baby,"Behemoth is back once again with this sexy turn base game!Because this is early access, not everything is in this game. Hours of gameplay to complete the early access story and all side quests will probably take about like 8-10 hours, tons of items and hilarious dialouge. Being a Behemoth game, it has unique artstyle. Like a loser once said ""I like the concept of this BUT..."" Well that loser isn't here to say anything bad about it so take my word and BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!"
,Recommended,291860,29349169,Posted: 18 January,all,Abperok™,"Fun game with a different taste compared to Castle Crashers and Battleblock theather. The turn-based gameplay isn't for everyone, but if you have some interest and love Behemoth you will love the game. The main story isn't long at the moment because it is early access, but the side quests are fun and hopefully more comes out soon."
76561198122345785,Recommended,291860,29349401,Posted: 18 January,all,Z3R0,"tbh I've never been a fan of these types of games so when I found out the Behemoth's next game was a turn based strategy game I was a little hesitant, but still exited. After getting addicted to the game within a few battles I must say the battles are fun and the amount of quests and things to do always keep me busy. I guess this goes to show that the Behemoth can master any style of game they make."
76561198078810724,Recommended,291860,29349631,Posted: 18 January,all,Roche,"It's like Chess with explosions, pooping, and a hilarious narrator."
,Recommended,291860,29341778,Posted: 18 January,all,PebbleHat,Watched the closed beta of this game and i instantly fell in love with Pit People. Having high expectations due to the other games of Behemoth and i wasn't disappointed at all. The game currently at the time of me writing this (Jan 18th) is about 2-3 missions long but after you are free to roam and side quests. This game has a lot of potential and im glad I will be able to watch it grow.Do i recommend this game? Of bloody course.
76561198064757612,Recommended,291860,29348879,Posted: 18 January,all,stuntin,"I have to start by saying that I love this game. I thought the basic experience would be muted by early access but the mechanics are just really fun, love this kind of game and this one is just casual enough to imagine multiple replays (and I'm just starting). But I'm about to close it for the first time and I don't even know if I have saved my progress (or how to manually) so I feel like that could be clearer. I'm hoping for autosave every time you enter town! The story bits are also really entertaining, love the art style."
,Recommended,291860,29388893,Posted: 20 January,all,shwash,"I bought Pit People the first week it was released in Early Access. I have been hooked for the entirety of the few days in between the game releasing, and this current moment while writing this review. Its dialogue is incredible, and showcases the brilliance of the writers at the Behemoth. The gameplay is not too simple, but not too complex.  Needless to say, I love it.Pros:-Amazing story-Extremely immersive world-Great sense of humor-Well balanced gameplay-Fun in general-Stamper as narrator again (Stamper = Battleblock Theater narrator)-Balanced Co-opCons:-There isn't enough stuff in the game because it is a week after release in Early access-That makes me sadI recommend this game to people who like strategy games, RPGs, turn-based combat, great writing, and having fun with friends. Anyone who doesn't like any of those has an excuse not to buy the game."
,Recommended,291860,29329569,Posted: 17 January,all,ThatLugoGuy,"This game is simply amazing, good dialogue, excellent voice acting, good combat system, great variety of characters and classes and overall a great game.Seeing that this is Early Access, amazes me, because it feels like a full game.Edit: Going to add this, the story isn't finished (obviously), so if you want to have more content, wait fo the full game when it's released."
,Recommended,291860,29385959,Posted: 20 January,all,_mj$211,Played One QuestGot a Frog Hat Titled Waddup from the chest10/10
,Recommended,291860,29384773,Posted: 20 January,all,FrostiOrca,NOICE
,Recommended,291860,29385079,Posted: 20 January,all,BlueImperial,Wuv it >_>
,Recommended,291860,29361715,Posted: 19 January,all,Sgt.Preys,"Get this Game!!! It will blow your head, cause of laughter!!!!!"
,Recommended,291860,29362211,Posted: 19 January,all,Kacho,I generally don't enjoy strategy games. I'm bad at them and can never figure out how to improve. Still I bought this game because I like Behemoth and it looked fun. What surprised me the most going into this game was how much fun you can have even playing single-player. Since I'm awful at strategy games this is something I enjoyed a lot to mess around with. Catching new gladiators Pokemon style and playing dress up with equipment is more fun than I ever thought it would be.I strongly recommend this game to people who usually are not fan of strategy games but feel like giving one a go once in awhile. There's a lot of fun to be had in this game.
,Recommended,291860,29360818,Posted: 19 January,all,Web Error 404,I myself do not like turn based games. But this game changed my whole out look on life.9.9/10 would make Horaito die again.
76561198037294868,Recommended,291860,29379107,Posted: 20 January,all,Lemelak,"Pit People is a very fun, charming, colorful game that's loads of fun and I bet even more fun with friends. The return of Stamper as the commentator makes the game so much better! Great job, The Behemoth!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgl0Z9NLD7w&feature=youtu.be"
,Recommended,291860,29381796,Posted: 20 January,all,Mr. White,"Amazing turn based gameplay, character build variety and customization, and a large variety of species to catch and use to create different team comps to use in missions and pvp. The comedic style in this game has made me laugh more than I ever have at any game. For an early access game, it's already worth much more to me than $15. The in game market could use some work, but that's the only negative thing i've found so far. I really hope this game gets the player base it deserves."
76561197970884470,Recommended,291860,29382822,Posted: 20 January,all,T.Wrecks.,100% worth it - give it a play.  It's very entertaining and well designed pretty much all over.  It's in the realm of FF Tactics / Disgaea but with a more sarcastic Bastion narrator.
,Recommended,291860,29366491,Posted: 19 January,all,ℳøɴṧтᴇʀℱᴀʀᴛBad,Very fun game! 420/69 would buy.
76561198120651533,Recommended,291860,29366617,Posted: 19 January,all,Not ChaoticToast,"I keep hearing ""I'd wash my hands with you"" in the town place"
,Recommended,291860,29366683,Posted: 19 January,all,Kanaka LLTS,áö
76561198353344158,Recommended,291860,29368217,Posted: 19 January,all,Hellothere,this game was good but there was little problems going on
76561198150654482,Recommended,291860,29368571,Posted: 19 January,all,FURIOUSWEASEL69,THEY DID IT AGAIN BOYS
76561198184905122,Recommended,291860,29368676,Posted: 19 January,all,Gabagoo,"Good game, and cute graphics :)."
76561198078084057,Recommended,291860,29370075,Posted: 19 January,all,Skeletor,"Looking at Pit People I didnt think i would enjoy it because turn based strategy is just not my thing, but i love everything behemoth has put out in the past, so I decided to try out the early access version because why not. I can easily say that even in its early stages is one of my new favourite games, once again I am swept away into a funny beautifully designed world that I cannot wait to keep exploring. The customization keeps repeditiveness to a low, the different classes of charecters makes for an interesting way to keep no battle the same, the weapons are simply done perfectly to where they are funny and not overpowered at all from what I have come to find, the loot system works extremly well (fight or do a quest get loot go to the main hub and you collect it), it is easy to pick up for people new to above turnbased, and its downright funny. The voice acting is a 10/10 along with the quirky music thats catchy, weird, and brings the atmosphere of this game together. I can tell I am going to be putting a lot of hours into the game. 10/10 behemoth, you done did it again"
76561198057039265,Recommended,291860,29303374,Posted: 16 January,all,Ediarts,"The game is really fun and entertaining well done guysPlease let us zoom in or out. when I was using the unicorn for example, sometimes I couldn't see very well if I would hit someone without moving."
,Recommended,291860,29388482,Posted: 20 January,all,-SGRAKS-,Behemoth = Compra instantanea :V
76561198287528331,Recommended,291860,29389432,Posted: 20 January,all,Royal Warlord,IT IS FUNBUY ALL BEHEMOTH GAMES!WORTH EVERY CENT :)
,Recommended,291860,29411306,Posted: 21 January,all,NickolasZillion™,Unlike any other Behemoth game ever made!I absolutely love it!And there's still more to come!Can't wait for it to be fully released!:D
76561198039027638,Recommended,291860,29411335,Posted: 21 January,all,tyoekk,"amazing game. even though you only get the first few story missions there is still TONS of things to go for,"
,Recommended,291860,29411386,Posted: 21 January,all,SilentPsychoX,"great game just more great work by The Behemoth loved battle block loved castle crashers loved aliens and now this great game im ecited for the rest of it, great sound tracks and great humor like always :D"
76561198069014297,Recommended,291860,29411777,Posted: 21 January,all,Brother Ezeekiel,"This game is the greatest birthday present a man could ask for.It's silly, it's funny, it's zanny, it has good gameplay...It's a good game, that's the easiest way of describing it. It's a co-op stratagy game, I didn't know I wanted this! But I do! Also, you can recrute every ennemie types in the game.Your designated healers are cupcakes, and the first one you get is called Gluten...all I can do to sell you this game is ramble on and on about how good I think it be, but even then, YOU PROBABLY ALSO THINK IT'S GOOD! And you're right. 11/10"
,Recommended,291860,29518048,Posted: 27 January,all,Spicy Meme,im not a fan of turn-based strategy games yet i love this. behemoth you rock.
,Recommended,291860,29516278,Posted: 26 January,all,Mr. Manifesto,BRING FORTH THE SPECKLED HORSE-MAN!
76561198259580126,Recommended,291860,29516420,Posted: 26 January,all,Sir,"Pit People. Pit People is a Strategy RPG type of game. I'm not that into strategy or RPG games (i'm still not) but when this game came out i immediately wanted it. Mainly because its by Behemoth. Despite me not liking strategy or RPG this is probably one of my favourite games to come out 2016 (even though it came out 2017 im going to make it 2016 because its january)The combat is very fun even though you cant control who they attack.Its in early access even though it dosnt feel like it, no bugs, (that iv seen) no crashes no nothing it just has a lack of things to do once you've completed basically everything, but it only has 1 story mission available in early access and i dont think all the side quest are in the game yet either and they may or may not add more characters to recruit. Still there is easily 10+hours worth of gameplay (it will increase when full game is out of course)The only problem is the lack of gameplay (for now.)I will rate this gamea solid 9/10(but maybe wait until more gameplay is released)"
76561198249189190,Recommended,291860,29283746,Posted: 15 January,all,CarGalSar,"Fantastic, recruit the same enemys you face to added to your army. the game is awesome"
,Recommended,291860,29284844,Posted: 15 January,all,Dracilen,game is good
,Recommended,291860,29284898,Posted: 15 January,all,im bringin bloop back,OOPSBUTTERFINGERS
,Recommended,291860,29287520,Posted: 15 January,all,Sad and Boujee,"I like the game. I've always had a fondness for strategy games like Fire Emblem, Civilization, and Advance Wars to name a few. The Behemoth have made a fantastic game that hasn't even left Early Access yet. I personally like the Capture system and level of customization the game's characters are offered. But the game is not without its flaws. The camera feels like it zooms in too much at times, mostly during battle. An option to place the camera at a set viewpoint would be appreciated. But, as this is in Early Access, I can excuse it. 9.75/10"
76561198041705056,Recommended,291860,29287692,Posted: 15 January,all,NDeCoppi,"Fantastic game, with a fantastic early access. I planted just over five hours into the early access and still have more to explore. The humor, art style, gameplay and music is all excellent. The game plays exceptionally well for anyone whose looking for a somewhat challenging, yet rewarding Turn Based Strategy Gam.e"
76561198130505513,Recommended,291860,29243550,Posted: 14 January,all,Butt Plug,I am complete10/10 would let Horasio die again
76561198045853876,Recommended,291860,29294578,Posted: 16 January,all,Underdeveloped Potato,"Ya so what im byassed to behemoth and stamper so what, the games great theres not much to it, its an rpg that knows its a game and it wants to make you laugh about that. the game has easy to understand mechancis but can still really challenging if you dont know what your doing, the insane mode kicks things up if your not feeling the heat from normal mode pvp is really fun and great i HIGHLY reccomend getting a good friend to buy this with you its really fun and can lead to hilarious moments, i.e i tried to save my freind by blocking in his character from the enemy but accidentaly knocked the enemy over on to his side and got his unit killed. only posstives from me the only negative i can think off is that i havent found anymore mustaches than the starting one."
,Recommended,291860,29298619,Posted: 16 January,all,ChunibyoSmash,"EARLY ACCESS EARLY REVIEW:For a game that claims to be Early Access, it seems more complete than some launches of other indie games, many recommends."
76561198047367972,Recommended,291860,29299151,Posted: 16 January,all,Sgt. Pepper,Fun as hell
,Recommended,291860,29299361,Posted: 16 January,all,saltysealdog27,"It is Fun and funny, I have not played with friends (I don't have any(this is joke)) but it is very fun"
,Recommended,291860,29717543,Posted: 5 February,all,Nkomi: The Great & Powerful,"I Just LOVE this game. When I first saw the alpha or beta testing for Xbox, My mind went: ""I WANT THAT GAME SO BADLY!!!!"" well, something along those lines. Now to the pros and cons:Pros:It's made by behemoth.It has a very wide range of customizablity.It's just a darn right outstanding game.Con:It doesn't have any Steam Market features.The behemoth never lets people down, EVER. This is also my favorite game of the four.But the problem is that I REALLY want the behemoth to add Steam Market, if they did, I think I'd need to BUCKLE MY PANTS! (That's a song from battleblock theater if people viewing this didn't already know.)So, that's all I have to say. So, goodbye."
76561198043874126,Recommended,291860,29704904,Posted: 4 February,all,TheDeadTalon,its worth it even in alpha :3
,Recommended,291860,29704967,Posted: 4 February,all,Idontknow,10/10 (awww hek Yaaa)
76561198068923311,Recommended,291860,29743050,Posted: 6 February,all,RazorBlade03,"A unique Twist on classic Strategy Games, mixed with the Humor of the Creaters of ""Battleblock Theater"".Also: I SAID HORATION DIES!!!"
76561198103922261,Recommended,291860,29739736,Posted: 6 February,all,rotrik,i find myself wondering what the world must've been like before this game crashed into our frail planet transforming all we once knew into a colorful kaleidoscope of delicious chaos and i love... it. the world mustve been more hospitable no doubt more orderly more.... sensibly sssssickening becuase it sounded boring and i HATE! being bored i cant imagine a world without this game or the updates. yes the updates beautiful waves of new content promising bug fixes and balances constantly enhancing the experience i get butterflies in my tummy just thinking about it. yes......YES!
,Recommended,291860,29706065,Posted: 4 February,all,Paul Blart,10/10 Love the Stache
76561198032539568,Recommended,291860,29760469,Posted: 7 February,all,Stalaki,Like every game they made Behemoths is still working great ! The fun is still here and every OST sounds pretty. If you don't like turn based combat then pass this game and buy another one but if you followed Behemoths since the beginning then go I'm sure you will appreciate this adventure ! Don't forget it's early access ;)
,Recommended,291860,29760988,Posted: 7 February,all,andromeda,"It's so complete it barely even feels like a Early Access game, great job again Behemoth!"
,Recommended,291860,29758348,Posted: 7 February,all,LittleLuigi737,Good Stuff.
76561198069043967,Recommended,291860,29758349,Posted: 7 February,all,Nagging Stick,"Well worth the money! You will be immediately drawn into the story wanting to find out what might happen next. Amazing game for single or coop, with a very interesting PvP design. Extremely easy to play but with enough push back from the enemies. Character setup has endless utilities that allow room for expansion. The soundtrack is one of my favorite parts of the game! The soundtrack alone would be worth buying. Can't wait to see the rest of Horatio's journey!"
76561198011627265,Recommended,291860,29371093,Posted: 19 January,all,Garbage Human,Can we get Stamper to voice everything?  I'd listen to that weird ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ read the dictionary.
,Recommended,291860,29414518,Posted: 21 January,all,Space plant Nuruba,This is a great game last time i played it it was a bit short and after that there isent much to do but i feel like this game has a future just give it some time
76561198047961733,Recommended,291860,29414428,Posted: 21 January,all,The Hash Slinging Slasher,Like Fire Emblem with guns
76561198140414854,Recommended,291860,29495451,Posted: 25 January,all,HecTic,"This is my first review, and this game deserves it! Ok, if your reading this and debating to buy this game, I have a couple things to tell you that will explain the beauty of this game.  First off, if you have ever seen Battleblock Theater, or Castle Crashers, you know that this should be a funny game, and it is. This game has some very good humor.Gameplay:This game plays like Fire Emblem, but much more fun. I'm not that good at Fire Emblem (Im terrible at it) When I was going to buy this game, I was debating on if it was worth it because of the gameplay, and it was. I enjoy playing this and can feel myself improving! The gameplay is polished and clean. There are side quests and the main story line. Sence this is early access, the story line isn't complete yet, but there are 1000s of sidequests while you wait for the game to update!~SUMMERY~Pit People® is worth buying. If your a fan of the Fire Emblem series and love the humor in Battleblock Theater or Castle Crashers, this is perfect for you. If your like me and isn't the best at this type of gameplay, give it a try, If you don't enjoy it, you can get a refund, but I strongly recommend trying to get to the part where you have a full team. Then you can experience the beauty of this game. 9/10"
,Recommended,291860,29507104,Posted: 26 January,all,Phish™,"Amazing game, as is every behemoth game. Just feel that there's not enough for the price."
,Recommended,291860,29506660,Posted: 26 January,all,Hyperdragon,"It's Behemoth, what else would you expect?"
,Recommended,291860,29514873,Posted: 26 January,all,Abyss,10/10 Behemoth only thing i have an issue with is there is only 1 story mission but i guess thats why its in EA so i really cant complain.
,Recommended,291860,29510151,Posted: 26 January,all,👻 楊浩賢 👻,Like other Behemoth games? This buy is a no brainer then.
,Recommended,291860,29510460,Posted: 26 January,all,Gianti,Behmoth always delivers.-The voice actor-The art.-The witty/funny comments.-The story is quite good.-Doing connections mentally between all games from them to figure something out.
76561198206947649,Recommended,291860,29510491,Posted: 26 January,all,ExplodingAsses,The humor of this game is fatastic
,Recommended,291860,29511900,Posted: 26 January,all,BAKU,"This is another great game by the great developer, The Behemoth. If you have not played a behemoth game before, you should just straight up buy this. Its hilarious and has lots of fun customization and the art style is great. The game is only in early acces so if you want a long story this is not the right place to look. As of now, the main quest is only 2 hours long but after that theres is PLENTY more to do. There is a huge map to explore with awesome loot and aesthetics to collect. If you are a fan of strategy games and have or have never played a behemoth game before, this is a must buy!!"
76561198072245072,Recommended,291860,29511994,Posted: 26 January,all,coolyoyo666,good game lots of sidequest and item...i just hope there's gonna be more story quest...like a lot more because there's like 3-4 main quest (for now at least) then you got the sidequest/online/co-op bla bla bla you know what i mean so if there's no more than 10-15 story quest (when the game is fully finish) i wouldn't recommend this game (let's be honnest it's pretty expensive if there's no more than 10 main quest) otherway i would recommend it it's a good game with a lots of content (and potential if the developer read this) they just have to find what to finish with to make this game a really great game :)
76561198269317813,Recommended,291860,29271566,Posted: 15 January,all,DSF100,even if it is in early access it is super coolkeep it up Behemoth
76561197966307491,Recommended,291860,29264019,Posted: 14 January,all,Literally Thousands Of Bees,The same great humor you've come to expect from The Behemoth. (OOOOOOPS! BUTTERFINGERS!)Great fun! Can't wait for the story line to be finished!Would reccomend!
76561198063885321,Recommended,291860,29268126,Posted: 15 January,all,ITstul,Fantastic game with a great sense of humour. Works great played with a friend for like 10 hours non stop.
,Recommended,291860,30127001,Posted: 23 February,all,Icepanda,"If anyone, ANYONE dislikes this game, my butter fingers might just land on their house. OOPS!"
,Recommended,291860,30055996,Posted: 20 February,all,Butt Stallion,"Such a unique game with the art style and sprites to the musicical genius throughout the game. 11/10 would recommend, just becasue of the inclusion of memes into a game"
,Recommended,291860,30069694,Posted: 20 February,all,Garettb12,Fantastic game with tons of humor. An absolute blast to play. Great customization and turn-based combat.
76561198278777965,Recommended,291860,30042564,Posted: 19 February,all,gostman101,"love the game 50,000,000,000 out of 10"
76561198256533267,Recommended,291860,30066929,Posted: 20 February,all,Dtdubstep,i haven't played this game for much but for the time i have i have loved i and it was extremely fun
76561198031473302,Recommended,291860,30071439,Posted: 20 February,all,Kaneyyz,"Really fun humor, graphics, and gameplay. Different from the other games that The Behemoth has made. Get's a little repetitive. Good PVP and actually takes tactics for players to overwhelm others. For people who aren't too good with PVP/Tactics, there is also an auto battler type system."
76561198139854860,Recommended,291860,30070496,Posted: 20 February,all,Boxx_Blocks,Alright I'm gonna clear this up for you in 4 simple steps.1. Stop looking at the comments2. Buy the game3. Keep playing game till you passout4. Repeat
,Recommended,291860,30065412,Posted: 20 February,all,🐾Viacell🐾,Updated with so many memes even the loading screen of discord would be jealous about. Amazing retrodrawn style. Just downright mazing'.
,Recommended,291860,30105559,Posted: 22 February,all,Art3mis,The turn-based combat thing sounds boring at first but this game makes it fun for hours not to mention the narration is fantastic! XD
,Recommended,291860,30121993,Posted: 23 February,all,WeeYum,Amazing Game. Bug Free and very polished for an early access title. More then worth the Price tag.
,Recommended,291860,30122471,Posted: 23 February,all,Foxy the Pirate Fox (says Ethan),"PRO: The first 10 hours are GREAT. I loved it.Lots of fun. Unique writing, entertaining, fun to learn the mechanics.CONS: After the first 10 hours, things start to feel repetitive and grindy.You are battling for rep and to unlock cosmetic changes to your characters.Every once in awhile you might unlock something that makes your character stronger.OBSERVATIONS: The cosmetic content unlocks, purchasing quests, and posting REP for all to see feel like necessary add-ons to keep people returning to the game once the original content and new discovery feeling wears off. I haven't tried out the multiplayer, but its not a draw for me.Although I love the game , Behemoth, and I'm happy to support them with my purchase, my 9 year old who LOVES all of the other Behemoth games doesn't even want to try the game out. I fear they missed the biggest consumer age group that drives their sales with this game. Here's hoping they are working on Castle Crashers 2 or Battle Block Theater 2 because this title might cause a huge problem for the studio if they don't come up with some way to draw in the younger players.I don't feel drawn to play the game repeatedly like I was with Castle Crashers or Battle Block Theater. Most of the replay value of those games were the easter eggs, leveling, and my son pushing me to play with him. The fact that he doesn't want to play this game at all means it won't get much use, which bothers me because I REALLY want this studio to succeed."
76561198044551980,Recommended,291860,30045293,Posted: 19 February,all,ttolkach,IF YOU DIDNT PLAY THIS GAME YET WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥NOW BRUH
,Recommended,291860,30047393,Posted: 19 February,all,loganger,"Ive been playing this game and it is honestly really fun, if you like action/stratagy based games you will love this game. I havent had any problems with the game, it is overall great"
,Recommended,291860,30045591,Posted: 19 February,all,Dimmerworld,"Quirkly, fun, and a whole lot of random. This game takes the typical TRPOG to a whole new level for awesome!"
,Recommended,291860,30046258,Posted: 19 February,all,Barodas,"Fantastic game. A simple mechanic with great tactical depth, but the real selling point is the aesthetic and the humour. Pit Peoples art and audio are beautiful. The Narrator in the early story missions sold it for me.The main story is quite short at this point, but it makes up for it with quality in writing and execution.Don't let that put you off though. Theres plenty of humerous sidequests and collectibles to keep you busy."
76561198105165846,Recommended,291860,30025663,Posted: 18 February,all,Chengx2,What a humorous game~~XDXD
,Recommended,291860,30017044,Posted: 18 February,all,Partypants_,Very fun game along with playing with friends too. 10/10 would recommend
,Recommended,291860,29342662,Posted: 18 January,all,GhostFry,the game is pretty fun but as time goes by you feel you keep doing the same stuff over and overit is funny it has the same humour in battleblock theaterthe game is still in Eearly Access as i write this review i'm expecting much more as time goes byso far i like this game i give it a 78/100 i have high expectations for this game since i like castle crashers and battleblock theater
76561198086886778,Recommended,291860,29332878,Posted: 18 January,all,WHY ARE MY HANDS PETITE,"My Favourite game currently on the marketEven though it is in early access the limited story missions are thrilling funny and quite well made.The fighting style plays well i have had no frame drops there is comedic dialogue, its also cheap and the soundtrack is one of my favourite in all games I've played.I am now dying to get my hands on the full release of the game to see whats going to unfold in the story."
,Recommended,291860,29333187,Posted: 18 January,all,Z R,"i've enjoyed castle crashers very much. gave this game a shot and fell in love with it. i'll gladly support Behemoth more often since they provide fun and awesome games. i had lost my love for turn-based games, but Pit People has revived that passion and has actually succeeded in becoming one of my favorite turn-based games of all time!"
76561198285330620,Recommended,291860,29333469,Posted: 18 January,all,DemoniK,"Yet again the Behemoth have made a fantastic game in which you could easily spend so many hours into. Pit people is an amazing turn based strategy game with amazing gameplay and so much customization, it has the same feel that castle crashers and battle block theater had with its whacky cartoon violence. Also like the Behemoths previous games Pit people (a strategy game) can be quite fast paced which isnt a change to gameplay at all. I highly recommend this game because even though it is currently a early access title it still does alot of amazing things."
,Recommended,291860,29289853,Posted: 15 January,all,Lucrea,"It's good, but wait for release until buying. You'll get burned out pretty fast when there's nothing left to do, and at present there's maybe 10 hours of content."
,Recommended,291860,29290238,Posted: 15 January,all,Dirty Dan,"The fact it's a Behemoth game alone is reason enough to buy it. It also happens to be really, really good and if you even kinda sorta like strategy games you'll love it."
,Recommended,291860,29290320,Posted: 15 January,all,Teh Musician,"I wasn't sure what to expect, I'm a huge fan of Castle Crashers & Battleblock Theater, but I'm not a fan of turn based games. This however, is a different story, I love this game, even in early access, it feels EXTRMELEY polished and is a joy to play, both solo and with a friend.There's tons of hilarious items to use, tons of Behemoth humor that I love, and tons of detail to the maps/arenas. As for the gameplay, it feels arcade-y, without losing a smidge of any strategic elements, which is very hard to do. Then there's the 'hub' where they have an Arena, Online, Item Shop, Character/Group Customization, which of course, is dislayed in a humerous style (I wont spoil). The map roaming is perfect for this game, lots of content, lots of things to fight, plenty of quests and side quests to do, none of which are filler.Props to The Behemoth for creating another awesome, masterfully crafted game that I need to recommend!"
,Recommended,291860,29290426,Posted: 15 January,all,nenjaitsoo,"Absolute marvel! Now, I may be a bit bias since I've been playing Behemoth games when I was about 5 or so, but this game really is good. The comedy never ceases, the gameplay is really cool, although sometimes it can be aggravating to see your team get destroyed completely. For this just being an Early Access, I HIGHLY reccomend buying it now, maybe not just for the game, but for the discounted price! 15 dollars for this is worth it!"
,Recommended,291860,29292264,Posted: 16 January,all,Nash,"Like all Behemoth's games, Pit People is very polished and it brings something interesting (and funny) to the table. If you have played Castle Crashers or BattleBlock Theater, there are a lot of familiar things you will encounter - art style, humor and the narrator to mention a few.Pit People does not necessarily innovate something new. Rather, it combines mechanics from many popular games and ends up creating quite an interesting result. You will feel the presence of XCOM, Fire Emblem, Skulls of the Shogun or damn, even Pokemon. Most of the time games mixing that many ideas would end up being bad. This is not the case with Pit People - it feels truly original.The combat is plain simple but vast collection of different unit types and items make this game quite strategical. There are endless amount of combos to test and new interesting characters to find.Lastly, I wouldn't be too worried about the Early Access tag on this game. Sure, most of the main story is missing (you can only complete about 5% of it) but there is still a lot to do in this version. There are multiple plot driven side quests to do, units to catch and other players to crush (in online mode).Highly recommend."
76561198044415900,Recommended,291860,29289306,Posted: 15 January,all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)¯\_(ツ)_/¯,I like the auto play
,Recommended,291860,29289322,Posted: 15 January,all,[Techo],"My first review and Early Access game, Pit People is amazing and funny, with a great soundtrack to boot! Get it!"
,Recommended,291860,29289404,Posted: 15 January,all,jammybear1,"This game is so awesome! Between the sound track, hilarious characters, and amazing mechanics if you like turned-based RPG's this is defintely a game to get! I finished couple story missions that are currently out and I cannot wait for more of this! I'm a huge fan of Behemoth ever since Castle Crashers!"
,Recommended,291860,29289455,Posted: 15 January,all,buzzfuzz45,"I don't really like the game play mechanics that much but it's been quite a while since I last played a turned based strategy game. it's a behemoth game so the voice acting is funny, you can get your jams on with the music implemented, good/funny story, if you liked other behemoth games like castle crashers or battle block theater then I'm sure you'll like this game.9/10 (bugs but i'm sure that will be fixed and i'll change my review. depends if I have any other problems with it; but then i'll report to the behemoth website)P.S. so glad behemoth listened to their game-players this time.P.P.S I loved the use of memes in the beginning areas and so forth"
76561198041306023,Recommended,291860,29289527,Posted: 15 January,all,bobbyyug,Behemoth made it need i say more?
76561198045943007,Recommended,291860,29850194,Posted: 11 February,all,| § | Ferret,"Pit People is everything you love about Behemoth Games and it's not even close to done yet. Sure there are some bugs and silly things that happen but overall this game has great quest, great fighting mechanics, and just an overall arching theme of silliness. I play this on local coop with my girlfriend and we've already had 10+ hours of fun in it. I recommend this game without hesitation."
,Recommended,291860,29882175,Posted: 12 February,all,Quackyn,"Meh, it's good. Especially for early access."
76561198001664600,Recommended,291860,29821095,Posted: 10 February,all,Cpt.Awesome,The game is fun but story in early acess is about 1 hour long (update 1) and there are like 15 diferent monsters to capture wich you can do in like 4 to 8 hours than its up to you. i dyou wanna keep capturing and playing fine but for me i wanted to capture all the monsters after that it was kind of boring. will give it another try when story is finihed
76561198138398718,Recommended,291860,29913817,Posted: 13 February,all,Glow,"This game is fun to play, halarious, and has alot of potential.I`m reserving some money just for when the OST comes out (if it does)."
,Recommended,291860,29896172,Posted: 13 February,all,narwhal,"Really fun. Completed main quest, looking forward to more content!"
,Recommended,291860,29899702,Posted: 13 February,all,Sexy Dude,10/10 better than Civ 6
76561198046288793,Recommended,291860,29901588,Posted: 13 February,all,nobzlol,"Awesome game. Great humour, good music, can't wait to play some more."
,Recommended,291860,29900442,Posted: 13 February,all,Dubstelleon | TA:PW,This games amazing even though I only have 35 minutes right now
,Recommended,291860,29952041,Posted: 15 February,all,Omegamerc,"Antivirus picks up exe for game as a trojan, 11/10 would play again"
76561198353559281,Recommended,291860,29953150,Posted: 15 February,all,nicholasmccoyspy,itz fun play it now youz getz to fightz peoplez andz catchz somez PLAY PLAY PLAY PLAY PLAY PLAY PLAY PLAY PLAY
76561198013950535,Recommended,291860,29949852,Posted: 15 February,all,Park Jimin,once again a really good game. best narrator ever
,Recommended,291860,29955127,Posted: 15 February,all,♛Teaming Solo = Ban♛,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥!!! BEST ♥♥♥♥IN GAME EVER!!!!
76561198361177013,Recommended,291860,29910201,Posted: 13 February,all,✪Zer0S,Good game!
76561198078651312,Recommended,291860,30087832,Posted: 21 February,all,Migster,"I beat the Insane Unfair challenge, my life is complete.10/10."
,Recommended,291860,30101345,Posted: 22 February,all,smokinbilldogs,really really fun and nice twist on the turnbased. Loot and levels is all i usually require and thats a doub check mate.
76561198084884720,Recommended,291860,30082578,Posted: 21 February,all,Kalimir | kickback.com,"Great game.A really funny Story with amating Gameplay.Also the local coop is great.9,8/10Why not 10?Well i would like to see even more classes cause u can catch them quite fast if u explore a bit."
,Recommended,291860,29929001,Posted: 14 February,all,Ulysses,What a curveball hmmmmm Horatio...NA HAAAAAYAHAnd speaking of curveba...NAAAAAAAAAAHAnd speaking of...AAAAAAAAAAAAH HAAAAAYAAAAAAAH10/10 I would listen to Horatio freaking out again.Seriously though this game is great and well worth the money you spend.
,Recommended,291860,29930504,Posted: 14 February,all,SheIsManic,"Yet another outstanding game by behemoth,Pit people is a great game so far, i love how the story carrys on from the other games as per usuall you get goodies for playing the preivous games. The Narrator is the perfect balance of funny and sarcastic which i love in all the games!DEFINATLY buy this and be able to watch it develop so we may do it as a community.one thing  i would improve is to have more options in the city for minigames etc and maybe a faster way of travaling around? a portal or somthing but even with this its a great game so far and i cannot stress this enough! Keep up the good work"
,Recommended,291860,29930766,Posted: 14 February,all,WildHobbits,"Art style is bright and colorful, music is great, gameplay is quite simple but fun, and most of all the game is absolutely hilarious. Another win from Behemoth as long as it makes it out of early access, which I have no doubt that it will."
76561198138032498,Recommended,291860,29929648,Posted: 14 February,all,Hachi the Mage,Amazing game only thing that can make it better is the option to 1v1 your friends
76561197979896634,Recommended,291860,29290856,Posted: 15 January,all,DaemosZythaer,One of the best opening scenes for any game ever. The sound quality in this game is some of the best I have ever heard. Every sound effect sound crisp and real. The music is fantastic and varied. Definitely one of the funnier games i've played also.As far as negatives go; the controls are a bit unintuitive and are fairly clunky. Information on stats is non existant. Finding the town can be a bit of a headache because the indicator often disapears for no aparent reason.
76561198180814807,Recommended,291860,29321429,Posted: 17 January,all,2977474344,Good !
76561197992083855,Recommended,291860,29320908,Posted: 17 January,all,Matyvalien,"Very nice game so far , it looks just like other Behemoth games , its a very casual turn base rpg , combat has depth but it can drag for long sometimes , there are no skills only positionong your heroes. You can have insane amounts of heroes and even more weapons armors hairs etc. Team comps seems endless. No crashes or any bugs yet , very clean early access."
,Recommended,291860,29321079,Posted: 17 January,all,mph0005,Great game. I was surprised by the amount of strategy that the game offers. The little bit of story that is there is hilarious.
,Recommended,291860,29321118,Posted: 17 January,all,Boggybean,"All the signature potty humour and charming artwork of a Behemoth game are here. Really fun experience for me so far, I fully recommend it to everyone, even if you aren't a fan of strategy games."
76561198154390726,Recommended,291860,29343296,Posted: 18 January,all,KingMomo,"Is a fun game, would recomend."
,Recommended,291860,29345534,Posted: 18 January,all,Carbaum,"Absolutely LOVE this game. Wonderful cooperative experience, Easy to learn but there's enough depth there to make the strategy element notable and interesting. I really enjoy experimenting with different team compositions/gear. Incredibly witty dialogue and bizarre humor. There's a lot to love here, looking forward to more development."
76561198314394122,Recommended,291860,29354212,Posted: 19 January,all,ChickenTendy,"Another great, polished behemoth title."
,Recommended,291860,29350643,Posted: 18 January,all,bullfrawg65,"Shhhh... do you hear that? That's the sound of all of my free time, disappearing."
76561198162820096,Recommended,291860,29753300,Posted: 6 February,all,Kynigito,"Ok so first review let's ago.So Pit People is made by Behemoth studios whom of which made games like A: castle Crashers and B: Battleblock Theater. both of which where amazing and funny.this one was hilarious! the comody was spot on along with the 4th wall implosions left and right.The sound track on this was AMAZING i have never payed attention to a dang soundtrack before but tbh i would buy the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this soundtrack.Overall Behemoth has done it again, this has SOOOOOOO much potential nad i can't wait for some more story missions."
,Recommended,291860,29767205,Posted: 7 February,all,VuzuBanjo,"You know I wasn't going to write a review for this game untill it cam out of Early Access but god damn is this game fun! I've just finished the main story and to be honest I can't wait for the future parts of story mode to come out. The artstyle is great with lots of detail put into every part of the map (the bouncing houses are my favourites). The battle system works really well too. At first I thought it was going to be chaotc nd confusing like a turn based castle crashers but this game actually made me put a lot of stagety into each turn. You see one of my party members is a unicorn which in this game is a motar tower. Each turn I have to move into a place where it hits the enemy but also so it doesn't it my other team members. Oh and the healing, oh the healing. The healing in this game workss really well. Basically your healers in this game are some strangely sexy cupcakes that take damage when they heal you since it is feeding its body to you. However my cupcake has never died because like I said this game brought out the strategist in me so my cupcake was always in the safest place. Once again the classic Behemouth humour is in this game which is always welcome and Stamper returns to voice the best video game villain of 2017 so far. I highly recommend this game to everyone especially fans of fire emblem and other turn based strategy games. Just like teeny tiny iced creams, I know you'll love it. ;)"
,Recommended,291860,29769048,Posted: 7 February,all,Keyzar,This is absolut blast!
,Recommended,291860,29708869,Posted: 4 February,all,Mr.BMO,"please support this game, its a beutifull thing really, oh and behemoth made it so, yeah, throw your money at them please PS: buckle your pants"
,Recommended,291860,29769267,Posted: 7 February,all,HoodyNinja72,Tons of memes included in this jammed packed turn base strategy game. Highly recommend it.
76561198172590506,Recommended,291860,29769701,Posted: 7 February,all,psycho on catnip,"this is one of the best games ive ever played, it funny, it has amazing combat, the all the suff in the game are funny and really cool and some how its really hard to get bored off so if you have some money and your not saving up for anything you sould get it its amzing and you will love it oh and the art is amzing! oh and the cupcakes make the cutest sound, and and when you get one you will se the sexy thing you will ever see (its a sexy cupcake)"
,Recommended,291860,29784193,Posted: 8 February,all,we boolin XD,"Me and my vampire (lieutenant splurt) are going to adventure all across the land and if you do you will have a hell of a time Doing it. The different sword types are kind of lacklustre but it's early access so it gets a pass, and I thought the fighting could be touched on a bit and maybe (for sure) new enemies but overall great. Good job behemoth(once again)"
76561198036269640,Recommended,291860,29784697,Posted: 8 February,all,DukeJoverton,"Very good fun. Very few story missions but still there is alot of other reasons to play this game, such as the many people you can recruit and side mission."
76561197999947764,Recommended,291860,29647285,Posted: 2 February,all,Vash The Stampede,I have been given a sour taste from buying early access games in the past.  With that being said pit people even in it's early access state is an excellent game.  I can't wait until the entire main story is out as it is hilariously entertaining even though there isn't much of it out yet.  This is one of the few games I would recommend buying early access.
76561198085144495,Recommended,291860,29684212,Posted: 3 February,all,Overmind,"One of the most fun i have had with a game in a while.  even with early access there is anything but a shortage of content. very funny and injoyable, challenging but not rage inducing."
76561198139830481,Recommended,291860,29687092,Posted: 4 February,all,Mr.F.E,"the game itself is oddly addictive, and overall I love the humor involved in it like all the others, I am hoping for more features in the game such as character clothing, possible fusing of non-story required characters and maybe a whole army system for a boss battle where it pulls out all your characters to act against huge bosses."
76561198255691282,Recommended,291860,29676140,Posted: 3 February,all,zulubot,positives- story and narration fantastic and really funny- combat satisfying and well fleshed out- challenging enough that you don't just walk through it- really active developer who listens to the community for feedback- lots of different species/class types- plenty of customisation (over 1000 items)- Local multiplayer (finally a game has this)- really good co-op online multiplayer- no bugs or technical issues (so far)- music refreshing and there is enough for it not to become repetitivenegatives- early access is a tainted word as there so many games that have never left it and therefore (although i have hope) i fear this game may possibly befall the fate of so many others and never leave- main story really short so far (january 2017) however there are many quests- slight imbalance between classes/species (this only annoys me due to a multiplayer PvP mode)- I personally do not particularlly like the UIIn conclusion this game is a must have and (although others may disagree) there is enough content currently and the developer will add more as the early access development continues.
76561198306509834,Recommended,291860,29673119,Posted: 3 February,all,HughEvaans01,"Amazing game, realy fun. Superb bear."
,Recommended,291860,29669799,Posted: 3 February,all,Damickys,"Unique, fun, enjoyable a great TBS mash up with little final fantasy and Pokémon elements another amazing game from the god tier behemoth team worth every penny even in early access and would willing pay more just to support the team can’t wait for the full game :)"
,Recommended,291860,29662293,Posted: 2 February,all,Asymphonic,"Oh boy Where to begin...For starters if you're focused on Single player and story content you can beat whats availible in around 2 hours... With that said this game offers alot in its current state, Including online play, coop and daily challenges. Unit Variety is where the game really seems to shine and most of the stratedy presented in the game seems to be in knowing out to path your units and having good team synergy as units use a decent enough AI to attack enemy units. This can kinda be abit of a turn off but its not enough to bring down my enjoyment.Humor is on par with Behemoth's previous games & I cant wait to see the finish product a great start & well worth the buy in price."
76561197984960395,Recommended,291860,29680014,Posted: 3 February,all,Warren,"First; thsi game is hilarious. Second; it is deceptively simple. Easy to pick up and play, great to play on the sofa with friends/SO. Its also worringly addictive when you get into it. Highly recommended!Great art style, polished themes, creative and diverse creatures and places, and combat that even non-gamers can understand."
,Recommended,291860,29680516,Posted: 3 February,all,62,"Incredibly fun turn based strategy game from great developers! Worth it even in early access. Very few bugs, community respecting developers, No microtransaction/DRM♥♥♥♥♥♥ Devs are even considering mod support. 10/10 so far!"
76561198020898916,Recommended,291860,29678963,Posted: 3 February,all,Hadeda King,"Very nice game, but not quite my cup of tea and it seems you need friends to play with co-op for maximum benefit. It's essentially a hex-turn based strategy game packed with hilarious jokes and that legendary The Behemoth narrator and humour that comes with it all. You also collect the enemies you fight throughout the game, and use them to build up your battle team for arena pvp or vs AI. You also get rewards in game if you own Castle Crashers and/or Battleblock Theatre. I've since refunded my purchase due to this not being for me, but I do acknowledge what it is and it is very well done"
76561198336977531,Recommended,291860,29798385,Posted: 9 February,all,Will_stormrage,"Highly recommend, hope there's more new stuff to play with"
76561198116548038,Recommended,291860,29800351,Posted: 9 February,all,AvramPickleJunior,Nice jokes.
76561198003426575,Recommended,291860,29800793,Posted: 9 February,all,Turboduck01,"Love the art, the audio... the updates are helping with some of my issues with this early access, but it's another hit by behemoth."
,Recommended,291860,29773113,Posted: 7 February,all,AmazingAdam,"Like XCOM, but by Behemoth.Features- Turn Based Combat- Unit Capturing- Story Mode- Multiplayer- Loads of Items- and a whole lot of random chaos."
,Recommended,291860,29796009,Posted: 8 February,all,H3artless Bunni3,Love this game! <3 Still learning a lot but wroth it
76561198095400457,Recommended,291860,29765447,Posted: 7 February,all,ironpool,sooooooooooo good
76561198067330202,Recommended,291860,29765917,Posted: 7 February,all,InsaneSeishiro,"First of all: I rarely ever buy into Early access games these days, to many times have I been burnt by games that were pretty much abandonned before they were finished. Therefore I was a little hesitant to buy this one, but ultimatily decided to do so, because the Behemoth is a studio that made 2 really good games already(battleblock theater beeing one of my favourit plattformers of all time).I went in, expecting a casual strategie game, but I got was so much more!The humor just makes me smile, which few games manage to do these days, but there is just so much detail and intersting stuff everywhere in the world, that I just can't help but aimlessly wander around, looking forward to what kind of adventure is gonna happen next!The gameplay itself is a simpel, but solid strategiegame, with a unique approch to local and online multiplayer.My personal favourit though, is the ""Pokemon""-aspect of the game, letting you capture pretty much anything you encounter in battle. More often then not, I find myself doing quests in very difficult ways, just so I can save the ""boss"" of said quest till last, so I will be able to capture it and put it in my team(I especially like having Lady Ladylegs and Yosef in the same team), after outfitting it with a ♥♥♥♥♥on of cosmetics first!You can blast through the 2 mainstoryquests that are already in quite fast, most of my playtime was seeking out sidestorys(which I love to do, because all of them are hillarious) and capturing whatever boss is at the very end, although I still haven't found all of them.Of course, since this is an early access review, things might change drasticly at any point of the development process, but I see an insane potential, that just increases with every new capturable creature you put in this awesome world!"
76561198072246169,Recommended,291860,29771469,Posted: 7 February,all,NapT1M3,Do you like Battle Block Theater and Stategy then this is the game for you! :D
,Recommended,291860,29775954,Posted: 7 February,all,tman1015,"I am already having a blast playing this game! You have done it again Behemoth. You have sucked me into a hilarious world once more to make fun of the silly characters, and just have one hell of a time! Also thank you for making it where I can fight my friends, I can't wait to scream over discord how BS the move was."
76561198066317818,Recommended,291860,29744284,Posted: 6 February,all,Frogstranut,"Whole lot of fun, especialy with a friend! :) Love this game!"
76561198100632025,Recommended,291860,29746211,Posted: 6 February,all,ATCHAFALAYA HATAK,This is a great and fun game. I just hope this will grow infinitely bigger.
,Recommended,291860,29747018,Posted: 6 February,all,Impire,"I love all of Behemoth's games and think there great, and I have to say the same about this one. The game is enjoyable and fun to play solo or with friends all around its amazing even in early access. The only complaint I have is the story still isn't development into the game so it takes about 1hr to beat hopefully the story will increase as thime goes on. Besides that Great game."
,Recommended,291860,29745138,Posted: 6 February,all,SpacePanda001,"The Behemoth always delivers games with soul, this one's no different."
76561198072584352,Recommended,291860,29822410,Posted: 10 February,all,Jains,this game to amazingly funny.fought a troll called `not a troll` and a willy wonka looking guy called `the internet`
76561198134193400,Recommended,291860,29975781,Posted: 16 February,all,Ty and Bubsy,castle crashers 9/10battle block theter 7/10Pit People 37/10
,Recommended,291860,29963254,Posted: 16 February,all,Fourth Wall,"This game is fantastic. It's amazing, totally great. The first thing you'll witness as you start the game is the amazing music it caress your moist ears with, after that you'll be thrown into a world built on the core of top notch humour. You battle humans and creatures in a tactical system. Collect gear and weapons, and capture said creatures to fight for you in later battles. If you have some money to spare, buy the game. It will keep you occupied for hours. The developers actually listen to the fanbase, and on top of all of this: There's an actual fun PvP and CO-OP system. What can you say? Well, The Behemoth delivered a fantastic CO-OP, PvP, online game once again!"
,Recommended,291860,29965978,Posted: 16 February,all,n8's gr8 b8 fo' $8.88™,CIV + Pokemon + CastleCrashersa.k.a. effing amazing
76561198105768808,Recommended,291860,29992345,Posted: 17 February,all,Brickburd,"Fun game, i like to play between League queue times. Check out my Youtube link for awesome clips of gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ"
76561198167939691,Recommended,291860,30041819,Posted: 19 February,all,Eddie,I love the behemoth if youre reading this check out thier ofther games love it so far this is review is one month into early access and im loving it. its a little bit castle crashers a little bit DnD (Dungeons and Dragons) and it trunbased and of course some classic behemoth artsyle and humor
,Recommended,291860,30039961,Posted: 19 February,all,President Trump,"10/10 Game, doesn't get boring, always something to do."
76561197977016643,Recommended,291860,30034491,Posted: 19 February,all,MAKES_U_STRANGER,Really enjoyed it.
76561198335217336,Recommended,291860,30032933,Posted: 19 February,all,Pr0tekt,The Behemoth is back this time dipping their toes into the turn based strategy genre and might I add they have done a great job so far with the humour and most importantly the gameplay. I strongly recommend this game to others and I can't wait for the full release. Also Horay for stamper narrating again!
76561198006479068,Recommended,291860,30030590,Posted: 19 February,all,Norecc,"The Behemoth + William Stamper, what could actually go wrong?"
,Recommended,291860,30041005,Posted: 19 February,all,TheLeer,Smooth cute game art with a very  funny narrator.Strategy with interesting diverse units that can wear a lot of gear and weapons.The main story can be short but you won't be bored with the unexpected side quests.World map is interesting as you descover places.Bring a friend with you to make the battle mo chaotic and fun.Saw this game first from the Yogscast.
,Recommended,291860,30041267,Posted: 19 February,all,Bossk,"Really fun game but needs more creatures I do recommend but here are some ideas for new creatures chickens,aliens,poptarts,crocodiles, and giant turtles."
76561198057117516,Recommended,291860,29279604,Posted: 15 January,all,TheKingBoggart,"Good stuff. Could do a better job of explaining abilities and weapons, but overall worth the money so far!"
,Recommended,291860,29278041,Posted: 15 January,all,DjScribblez28,"I played this during the beta, i can tell you that this is one of the most addictings games you'll play. Alone or with friends, this game is a whole ride. Along with plenty of great jokes and music this game just oozes creativity and passion from the developers. This is a 100% reccomendation at full price or discount."
,Recommended,291860,29270698,Posted: 15 January,all,Trash,"WARNING - If you player during the beta, there isn't more to the story yet. But the unfinished parts of the cutscenes are finished.But it's still the amazing game it was then!"
76561198026526166,Recommended,291860,29276259,Posted: 15 January,all,WHOA! Shut it Down!,perfect early access game runs great combat is fun and fast even for turn based and the range of customization and different range of characters you can unlock is awesome
76561198075957441,Recommended,291860,29276387,Posted: 15 January,all,The Wolf of Meme Street,good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198101848008,Recommended,291860,29276434,Posted: 15 January,all,justformagic,"Very simple, fun game. Definitely worth buying"
76561198342155624,Recommended,291860,29265634,Posted: 14 January,all,eatdrumsleep,Extremely fun and highly addictive!! Can't wait for the finished product.
76561198049723214,Recommended,291860,29265823,Posted: 14 January,all,ace1of2,"This game is like any other that The Behomoth has made; meaning its a ton of fun to play, has some of the funniest writing you will find in a video game, and has the amazing Stamper doing a ton of voice work which alone makes it worth buying for me. Absolutley worth the money, even in early access."
,Recommended,291860,31023710,Posted: 8 April,all,PyroMuffin,"In my first couple hours playing it rained bear blood, I saved a dinosaur from being eaten, got carpet bombed by some fairies, and blugeoned monsters to death with a giant popsicle.15/10, would highly reccommend."
76561198049001672,Recommended,291860,29709137,Posted: 4 February,all,Asgaria,"I am enjoying this game very much so far, as every other game from The Behemoth!Well, what can I say? It has that certain kind of humor, ridiculous yet cute comic graphics and an addictive amount of content and stuff to explore, even now in Early Access.I'm really looking forward to the release!"
,Recommended,291860,29709212,Posted: 4 February,all,Rasputin []-_-[],"Amazing, with endless potential for improvement as development continues.  The game feels solid, all it needs is the storyline to be completed.The soundtrack is spectacular too, and teh voice acting is out of this world.  Had me in stitches.Could use more variety in terms of ""characters"" but I'm sure that will come."
76561198119425188,Recommended,291860,29705561,Posted: 4 February,all,Rep Raccoon,"Ive noticed something, they reuse the same sounds from all their games!"
,Recommended,291860,29707142,Posted: 4 February,all,Apron,funny storyMild co-op and pvpsimple UIMany contents(even early access)pretty enjoyable.
76561198284594392,Recommended,291860,29799196,Posted: 9 February,all,Damsugaren,one word... amazing
76561198072779316,Recommended,291860,29819019,Posted: 10 February,all,hiei588,"Amazing game, Just need something good to spend all my gold on. EXP or more items would be nice."
,Recommended,291860,29827879,Posted: 10 February,all,deadlyplaygames,"This game is amazing! Launched the game, looked back to steam and it's already been 90 minutes, very adicting! The voice actor is fabulous. The game is hilarious. Plenty of unique characters to choose from, which you can customise to your liking.10/10"
76561198140794266,Recommended,291860,29783528,Posted: 8 February,all,PrussianSlothKing,Great game. If you like strategy games you'll love this. Behemoth always delevers A+ games it seems. *Does need a few more creatures and atleast one or two more weapon sets would be cool.
76561198069752119,Recommended,291860,29762985,Posted: 7 February,all,Mr. Bobington,"This is another great work from Behemoth. Even though it's still in Early Access I'm still having loads of fun playing it, finding gear, assembling my little squads of fighters, all that good stuff. Great game, ten outta ten."
76561198066615973,Recommended,291860,29572754,Posted: 29 January,all,Arkreiner,"The Best game that is currently early access. Keep in mind that this is early access.9.5/10Pro:+ Will Stamper a.k.a Quibs from Battleblock theater is in it as the narrator.+ Funny Gameplay during the fights+ Lots of Enemy/ Ally types+ Great turn based system+ ""The Pit"" is a fun way to test out team compositions, it is basically an arena to fight in.+ Simple level system+ Funny way to recruit new allies, you throw a net on the lone enemy and you take him back to townCons:- Not much story, but that is because this is in ** early access. **- only a few weapons that look desirable- not that many healer types- limited inventory space in the wagon which is how you travel around the world map, the space is about 10, fills up fast- only customization options to characters are weapon, shield, and head. (We ned more gear customization, like shirts to get rid of that plain baige t-shirt)Both:+/- promotes grinding in ""the pit"" instead of the world due to small inventory space"
76561198192298917,Recommended,291860,30956948,Posted: 5 April,all,jhaydon98,lots of fun
,Recommended,291860,29716236,Posted: 5 February,all,Eddie Dombrowski,Spoilers:  Your son gets rekt by a giant cat.Best game 2017
76561198026522069,Recommended,291860,29636246,Posted: 1 February,all,DefinitlyNotTiny,This is an amazing game it is really fun and the writing for the characters are so good this is such a funny game I could not recommend this game enough.
,Recommended,291860,29516497,Posted: 26 January,all,Nani!?,If you know The Behemoth you know what to expect.
76561198089045454,Recommended,291860,29836115,Posted: 10 February,all,The_Chef,"Anything with stamper in it is 11/10Gr8 m8, I r8 it 10/8"
76561198041662398,Recommended,291860,29532112,Posted: 27 January,all,DickChappy,You can poop on the world map.
,Recommended,291860,29908931,Posted: 13 February,all,Baron Von Chicken,You better buckle your pants before playing this game!
,Recommended,291860,29531268,Posted: 27 January,all,Evil Morty,"This game is kind of like other games, but slightly better."
,Recommended,291860,29250142,Posted: 14 January,all,Tenno,Have been waiting for this game to come out since it was annouced 3 years ago... Now that it has finally been released (early acces) I've been loving it! The game has great art and a very funny story!
,Recommended,291860,29374759,Posted: 20 January,all,Zero,"The Behemoth never fails to amaze me, game is extremely fun so far and just the narrator is amazing. Only dissappointing thing I have found is that the story isnt complete, I recommend getting this game although probably wait till its developed further."
,Recommended,291860,29932674,Posted: 14 February,all,Spoopy Burgie,I got one word for ya:HORATIO
,Recommended,291860,29308488,Posted: 16 January,all,Çupraime,"I'll simply enumerate pros and cons in my opinion;pros:-the narrator is simply excellent, the monologue(or dialogue) is well-thought and perfect-the turn-based combat is very good and easy to learn-the tutorials are very clear and simple-strategy is really the key to victory-loyalty rewards (such as battleblock theater skins)-classic behemoth humor is still there as always and very appreciatedcons:-the UI seems not adapted for PC-character stats are a bit hard to understand at first-does not autosave often enough-some elements seems pixelated (low quality graphics) even if running ultra settings (I know it's still early access)conclusion:Buy it, it is worth your moneyawesome game made by awesome people.looking forward to future updates and additional content."
,Recommended,291860,29446590,Posted: 23 January,all,nooK,The Music is already worth the 15€-Great Gameplay-Stamper-Music-soooo funnyits a Behemoth Game. Instabuy1337/1337
,Recommended,291860,29437873,Posted: 22 January,all,Tejros | csgoatse.com,And then he said Horatio DIES!But Horatio didn't die.Be cool.Be like Horatio.
,Recommended,291860,29500380,Posted: 26 January,all,半蔵,Amazing already! :DBy far the best artstyle I've ever seen in a game that is supposed to look like a cartoon / comic.I just want... need... more story...Horatio needs to save his son D:Behemoth pls
,Recommended,291860,30221452,Posted: 27 February,all,~Sept~,fun turn based adventure game with a lot of comedy and ridiculousness.
76561198180422522,Recommended,291860,29257436,Posted: 14 January,all,MagicalCheese,I feel like im om lsd when i play this game
,Recommended,291860,30186757,Posted: 25 February,all,Доктор Апельсин,yes
,Recommended,291860,29231818,Posted: 13 January,all,MalSaucyShip,"It is the best behemoth game so far, tons of things to keep you playing!"
,Recommended,291860,29232513,Posted: 13 January,all,Syndrome,"The gameplay is solid, the humor is quality and what you would (probably) expect from The Behemoth; the only thing is that if you want to play through the story quests, then you should probably wait to grab the game, as they are still working on them."
,Recommended,291860,29232613,Posted: 13 January,all,chendawg,"Not too far in yet, but the combat and quests are pretty satisfying. If you enjoyed the comedy in Castle Crashers or Battleblock Theater (especially Battleblock), you'll love this."
76561198266334668,Recommended,291860,29232967,Posted: 13 January,all,Trivago,Another amazing game from the Behemoth! Keep up the great work!
76561198085514700,Recommended,291860,29233034,Posted: 13 January,all,toastyjoe,"This game is good, and I don't even like turn based games."
76561198129067896,Recommended,291860,29232730,Posted: 13 January,all,_spooks,It's a game made by the Behemoth. Do I need to say any more?
76561198056457933,Recommended,291860,29233224,Posted: 13 January,all,Red Ross,"""Sayonara means 'Go Die' in Japanese"""
,Recommended,291860,29236162,Posted: 13 January,all,Zorochi,this game is great fun as it doesnt take itself seriously and has great voice work from will stamper.simple yet fun gameplay along with light humour and wierd art design make it a behemoth game :D
76561198080074478,Recommended,291860,29413592,Posted: 21 January,all,Colinology,"Pit people is a must buy for people who are fans of Behemoth's games. But if your still concerned, the game is in early access, which is a suprise once you get into the game beause I didn't find any bugs. But the game can be beat in about an hr and 30 mins but they are adding more story in later patches. There are about 20 differnt types of enemies, hopefully they will add more. But the story we do have now, is funny and interesting. I dont like to saw this but the game is really....really slow. when you play the game you will say im wrong but im talking about the fights. which can take a long time because a lot of the enemies run away from you and make your job harder. I like how you can catch enemies and put them on your team. If i had to pick what game it is most like I would say Xcom and a bit of pokemon and I havent played a game where you you can go out in the world and chose who you fight. the only thing I can think of is South Park:The stick of Truth canada area of the game with the bears and snakes etc. so finally I would give this game at the moment 7.5/10 I will come back and change this review when I see big changes to anything I have wrote, so as i said before if your a fan you shoud buy it. But if your bit unsure I would still get. Because when the game is down you will not regret it. This Behemoth not a random indie person. They will finsh it, and it will be great."
,Recommended,291860,29413787,Posted: 21 January,all,anime is gay,"I've played this once by myself and once with my brother. I haven't completed the game (or all that's available now, this is early access) but what I have played was extremely enjoyable. I don't even know how to explain how good this game is, just buy it and find out for yourself. If there's one complaint I had it's that the multiplayer is a bit too easy, 2 players with up to 6 heros per team can easily destroy the ammount of enemies encountered (as the ammount of enemies in a fight or their skill don't change between the co-op and singleplayer modes). Other than that, the pit fights are fun and the singleplayer is perfect. Buy this game, seriously, do it."
,Recommended,291860,29413915,Posted: 21 January,all,pandacow999,This game is truly beautiful and i think everyone should buy it
,Recommended,291860,29414216,Posted: 21 January,all,[INVALID_USER],"Giant Evil Space Bear: Sayonara is Japanese for ""Go Die"""
,Recommended,291860,29838382,Posted: 10 February,all,Titty Milk Johnson,"I played all of Behemoths games and this is, Beautiful."
,Recommended,291860,29861105,Posted: 11 February,all,The Mate 28,"Great game, if you like castle crashers, battle block theater, rpgs, funny games, and/or giant space bears, then this game is for you!"
,Recommended,291860,29861196,Posted: 11 February,all,TheTerrorizingToast,"Ok so this is another game by the Behemoth and it is amazing I'm a huge fan of Castle Crashers and BattleBlock Theater so obviosly I would want to play Pit People. I started playing and was already thrown into classic Behemoth Humor, the art style in this game is the same as CC and BBT which is really good cause I really like the Behemoth's art style in games. I HIGHLY recommend you get this game it is still in early access at the time I am typing this but there is already lots to do and I haven't come across any bugs or glitches yet. The story is not complete yet but this game is pretty long so you will have plenty to do. This is a srategy game and thats pretty diffrent from BBT which was a platformer and CC which was just pretty much a combat game with sword fighting. It is open world and running into enemies will start a fight like in most RPG's so yeah if you don't want to fight don't run into them cause there is no fleeing feature. Also when in the open world map make sure not to get lost cause I couldn't find the main town for about 15 minutes due to the fact the world is so big with no arrows or signs or whatever telling you where it is so don't get lost like I did."
,Recommended,291860,29862222,Posted: 11 February,all,RepublicGamer,I love it!
76561198043062870,Recommended,291860,29862246,Posted: 11 February,all,THE_PINHEAD,This game is amazing. Behemoth is doing it again.Solid GameplayCustomizable characters up the WhazooA talking bearA cynical NarratorBLUEBERRIES!oh and some fighting stuff or whatever
76561198076802179,Recommended,291860,29873145,Posted: 12 February,all,fuckface69,This ain't Starcraft.
76561198031343916,Recommended,291860,29873752,Posted: 12 February,all,Asgeirr,The narrator does it for me. Amazing. Love the athmosphere of this game.
76561198271732313,Recommended,291860,29874354,Posted: 12 February,all,legostud360,this game is awsome even though it is not fully done it still reminds me of battle blocks theater. love the little easter eggs to battle block theater
76561198022901811,Recommended,291860,29872647,Posted: 12 February,all,A Bit Taste Of Chocolate,Love the style! Same as in Castle Crashers.
,Recommended,291860,29852981,Posted: 11 February,all,Insane Cheese,"Recently bought this game after seeing a few Youtubers playing, I was not dissapointed. Although, it is currently in early access if you do the side stuff there is enough content to justify buying it and it's reduced for early access buyers. I usually don't play many turn based stratergy games, but this one is has quite a quick pace and good mechanics. I really appreciate the style, jokes and genral qwerkyness of the game. The game is quite easy to pick up and has good local multiplayer. My main issues are that when different chracters have buffs you can't find out what they are. For example in the equip menu buffs have icons, but they aren't very self explanatory. If when you put your highligted them you'd get a little box of text which told you what the buff did that would be good. Also, with the Lady Legless quest I didn't have Yosef on my team and entered the quest, this then wouldn't allow me to finish the battle as she wouldn't die. When I had Yosef on my team it worked due to story reasons, prehaps if the quest didn't start without Yosef this could be fixed. The addition of ranked online battles in the pit would also be appreciated, however I'm mostly nit picking now. I really like this game and strongly recomend it."
,Recommended,291860,29845301,Posted: 11 February,all,The Eating Joke,"TLDRFFTactics, Borderlands, Pokemon rolled into a simplified game. Flying Giraffes.>Best>Game>Ever"
,Recommended,291860,29842539,Posted: 11 February,all,i like CSGOSpeed.com,Another great game by the behemoth
76561198099415191,Recommended,291860,29838720,Posted: 10 February,all,Suds,"""HE GAVE HER THE LAST OF HIS BLUE BERRIES"""
,Recommended,291860,29841020,Posted: 10 February,all,Audrey.Hepburn,"a mixture of castle crashers, xcom, maybe even pokemon??great voice acting from the narrator aka main villainvarious heroes type (humans, vampires, pixies, even cupcakes) that can you modify as you like10/10 would save the wedding's cake again by killing the bridegroom"
,Recommended,291860,29868995,Posted: 12 February,all,Mr Qi,Great game.
,Recommended,291860,29837464,Posted: 10 February,all,Battosai00,So far this game is amazing!!!
,Recommended,291860,30209504,Posted: 26 February,all,Autanasia colectiva,"Funny game, i got it today and it's so funny, the storytelling it's hilarious. The battling system it's different than the other games of the behemoth developers and tbh I've never liked much this battling style but the customization and the fun that i experience playing the game makes it worth.even it's just an early access the story it's still in development but you can start playing and stop where the story finishes"
76561198007039560,Recommended,291860,30180754,Posted: 25 February,all,AzurePhoenix,"The Behemoth has another hit! As huge fans of Castle Crashers and Battleblock Theater, my buddy and I have been waiting for this game for far too long. We weren't sure how the coop turn based strategy mechanics of the game would feel, but so far it feels quite good! We are greatly enjoying doing the battles, quests, and collecting the followers, and we can't wait for more story content to be released.Keep up the good work Behemoth!!!"
76561198091946406,Recommended,291860,30205491,Posted: 26 February,all,Osama-Jim-Laden,so far very solid game. voice acting is incredible.
,Recommended,291860,30183911,Posted: 25 February,all,Witik_,"It's got a great artstyle, some great gameplay, some great music, some great everythingThe game may not be finished but that was the most fun 2.7 hours I've ever had."
76561198210406585,Recommended,291860,30229514,Posted: 27 February,all,SpiderJoe5000,Really good rpg funny and good game!! + found doge head put it on Pipistrella. (I think i spelled it right)    :D
,Recommended,291860,30219732,Posted: 27 February,all,LiquidLeoc,Ths game is one of the best things to ever come out. Grab a friend to make the fun extra delicious.
,Recommended,291860,30181192,Posted: 25 February,all,Envy,The story that is available right now is so damn good I can't wait until the finial product. Great gameplay mixed with great humor makes for an awesome Behemoth game.
76561198214105015,Recommended,291860,30183504,Posted: 25 February,all,johnisn000b,Absolutely beautiful game with a hilarious storyline so far!
76561198076244219,Recommended,291860,30207736,Posted: 26 February,all,Spanky Despacho,"This is yet another fun yet simple game created by The Behemoth. It is a fast-paced, turn-based strategy game in which you find many strange characters and many more enemies. This is a creative game with no doubt, from the dialouge to the charater design. This game is not completely finished yet so I would recomend waiting for a bit before buying it.Pros:-Fun gameplay-Pretty visuals (compared to their previous games)-Online is difficult and entertaining-Very addictive-The narrator is Stamper-Not many glitchesCons:-Not finished (yet)-The game can get a bit repetitive"
,Recommended,291860,30199024,Posted: 26 February,all,reinah,"Update: It's definitely been improved upon a lot. The game is much more understandable now! Thanks for listening to the feedback and improving, devs :)---The co-op is great, the graphics and narration is great, the fun level is great. However, the user interface in the town is infuriating. I have no idea what is going on half the time, and it takes me forever to figure out what I'm actually doing. It's incredibly unintuitive and those areas really, really need to be simplified. As a fan of previous games (Castle Crashers, BattleBlock Theater) I have a bunch of mixed feelings and really hope they change the town area."
,Recommended,291860,31963124,Posted: 25 May,all,Kennethern,"Pit People is a great game with an already interesting storyline, Bahemoth's unfaltering signature humor and decent rpg/strategy combat.In short, this game is pretty good; definitely worth 15 dollars as is.I'm going to wait for the final update or release before I start playing again to prevent the gameplay from burning out for me. I would recommend you to do the same once you've reached your 15 dollars worth of hours in-game."
76561198100955611,Recommended,291860,31995069,Posted: 27 May,all,Izzy,"Pit People is a great game with awesome content that seamlessly fit together. For such a wacky game, it is very neat with high quality visuals and nice complementing audio. In saying that, Pit People is quite barren in terms of playability (it’s quite repetitive) as it is still in Early Access. Though never fear as the game is constantly monitored by the very benevolent developers with plenty of news and updates as well as fun external activities to keep the train rolling. Pit People is definitely one to look out for in the next coming months; keep it up Behemoth!"
,Recommended,291860,31945729,Posted: 24 May,all,Stanley X,Its fun. No xcom BS in here. I would recommend this game.
76561198012619438,Recommended,291860,31941707,Posted: 24 May,all,Bardstard,"This game really is great.  It's not perfect, but it's quite impressive for early release.  I have no doubt changes will be made before the full release.  Based on my early game play of it, I would highly recommend this game.  It's very fun and the story line/characters are witty and quite funny.  The Combat system is not hard to pick up either."
,Recommended,291860,31946647,Posted: 24 May,all,Excelerated Depression™,friend tried to help me get a spider babe on my team ultimitely failed 3 times in a row 10/10 accurate to experiences ive had with women
76561198008931116,Recommended,291860,32026439,Posted: 28 May,all,Maltech Stalker,Naughty Boys who dont listen get punished.
76561198141817713,Recommended,291860,31677921,Posted: 10 May,all,Pizzarcato,"Having never had a ""complete"" experience with either of the previous Behemoth games (Battleblock Theatre and Castle Crashers), I am really satisfied with what Pit People delivered. It's an enthralling experience; on top of the brillant and hilarious plot, the gameplay is very enjoyable. My only issue is that I can't wait for them to add more content."
,Recommended,291860,31690603,Posted: 11 May,all,ney,needs to be done
,Recommended,291860,31666536,Posted: 10 May,all,6SidedGames,"Despite this being an early release; there is already enough content to be a standalone game. In fact, some of the larger budget games that I've played have less content than this one.While the story mode is currently lacking, they are going to focus on that with future updates, and the standard Behemoth humor is there in full swing.I wholeheartedly recommend this for fans of Behemoth and fans of turn-based RPG's. You won't be disappointed."
76561198109739730,Recommended,291860,31654565,Posted: 9 May,all,StrawberryJam,"Really addicting game, even for early access. Constant updates/hotfixes tune aspects and bugs between each big update, while listening to the community. Not only that, but the little the game has leaves you wantinng more. The dialogue and chacacters are fun, exciting, and colorful. It can also be dark and morbid, but adding to the humor without taking away from atmosphere. Would recommend getting it now, and help support these amazing devs."
,Recommended,291860,31654610,Posted: 9 May,all,Amam McMam,"So far I've complated the available story and I must say I can't wait for the full release because this game is complete comedy.I am having this one bug however when I play in co op mode, if both of us go in to customise our character, the host freezes up and has to log out of windows to open again.Other than that well worth the price."
76561198052868538,Recommended,291860,31662761,Posted: 10 May,all,Corwin,It's an amazing cluster♥♥♥♥. Delightful.
76561198170875930,Recommended,291860,31569168,Posted: 5 May,all,logan-ninja,"I really enjoy this game, ashame everything gets to repetitive after a while."
76561198377131493,Recommended,291860,31718440,Posted: 13 May,all,Mankyape,Fantastic game. only needed to start it up to know i was going to enjoy it. even though early access theres still so so much to do! and with so many different customization options its great! also has great art style and an awesome crazy story!
,Recommended,291860,31712309,Posted: 12 May,all,PECHiN,really fun game !I can see myself dumb a lot of time in this gameCan't wait for the update !
76561198259596793,Recommended,291860,31712876,Posted: 12 May,all,THE OOFIsh Gene,noice
76561198273509545,Recommended,291860,31726427,Posted: 13 May,all,_14Mx0rD,"Ever been in a 2v2 PvP opposite of nearly a dozen wraiths? The humanity! Ten or so wraiths beating and debuffing the living hell out of tanks.....PvP player base is steadily growing, no doubt in anticipation of vibrant villains release and recent promos (Tribeca/Arcade HW) I'm confident that during the next two to three months players will be plentiful enough to keep lobby occupancy consistent; with enough diversity to keep newblets,  seasoned players and veterans (closed beta/early access) throwing down in the pit for a good long while; if not for years to come.Development team's commitment and enthusiasm is genuine. Just the other day I fired up Battle Block Theater around mid-morning expecting the lobby to be dead; however I hit a match almost immediately which included a developer (possibly The Behemoth himself) whom was awesome to play with and gifted (traded?) 30 balls of yarn along with nearly 1,000 Gems.(I assume a developer, since prisoners were 100℅ unlocked and Gem/Yarn quantity was from what I could tell, unlimited. If you happen to see a tiny dude with a trophy over his shoulder you may have found him)"
76561198007564868,Recommended,291860,31755065,Posted: 14 May,all,KillerClown,Love the Music!Love the Naration!Love the Game!...Just wish their was more of it!
76561197982685012,Recommended,291860,31757667,Posted: 14 May,all,Rivethead,"TL: DR- If you like turn-based gaming AND humor AND funky addictive music you can't go wrong!Anyone that has used the coveted Rivscore (TM) system for buying games will be perhaps shocked at the score I gave this game. I'm only 5 hours in but the time played ( as I have said to naysayers in the past ) is really irrelevant; the whole point of gaming for me isdoes the game capture you from the start!??Pit People is from developer Behemoth and I have not played any of thier other games; more's the pity it seems. Perhaps PP is their Opus?? Pit People, from the opening quirky scene, hooked me like no game has in perhaps 20+ years.- Quirky graphics that can run on a potato: check- Humor that is LOL'able: check- A combat system that is easy to learn / hard to master: check-Music ( now bear in mind i'm an 80's Metalhead) that is foot-swinging good-checkAnd......the game is still in early access. Amazing game that I can see myself playing at least 40+ hours.Rivscore- 100 / 100"
,Recommended,291860,31799520,Posted: 16 May,all,Aloye,A very funny game with deep custimization and different classes and weapons. Fun to play alone or with a friend; highly recommend.
,Recommended,291860,31482595,Posted: 1 May,all,Goat Cheese The Pirate,"Do you like memes? Do you like story telling at its finest? This game is for you.But on a real note this game is actually a ton of fun, I did just start playing it but I have seen countless videos about it and watched Cowchop play it and to make it even better, the Cowchop crew is in this game! The art design is great, the turn base combat is balanced and fun and another thing to add to the list of greatness is the fact that they added in local co-op! That's so rare for games now-a-days. You can play online too which is another bonus.10/10 I recommend getting this game for the memes and story telling."
76561198196942817,Recommended,291860,31471657,Posted: 30 April,all,g8mer4ever,This game is fun and i cant wait when the full game come the story is great and its fun new thing gets update all the time
76561198141286304,Recommended,291860,34727244,Posted: 3 September,all,YourMortalEnemy,"Enjoyable gameplay with the same dark humor as other Behemoth releases. Combat is fun, and characters are lovable, albeit a little predictible and stereotypical. Highly recommended."
76561198241537722,Recommended,291860,34727137,Posted: 3 September,all,Al The Springroll,"If you bought this game, you probably expected a thrilling yet funny, complicated, turn based fighter game you can play with your friends, right? Wrong. Big bear falls and breaks world, blubee wolfgang rages and begins to assemble his team by killing their friends and family and proceding to ensnare them in a net whilst screaming about his lost son. Like finding nemo but with bears and violence. 11/10"
,Recommended,291860,29388969,Posted: 20 January,all,Spookiux,"Another great game by The Behemoth, this game stays true to Castle Crashers and Battleblock Theatre by keeping the humor and charm of both. This game unlike CC and BT has a lot of replayabilty. You now have the ability to play online which is a lot of fun. At the time of writing this review it is in Early Access I got this game a few days after it came out, played through all the story and side quests and then left it alone. I come back to it and there is more content and you can see how much the Developers care about there game, they take time for well made, content filled updates. The game has many characters that you can capture and get onto your team, if you want a healer that is good, get the penguin with the tuba, if you want long rang attacks get a unicorn. The game also has a lot of customization, you can change your characters to your deight making the game feel like you are controlling it. What I have played of the story so far is amazing, it tells it in a great way but doesn't take long before you are jumping around killing things. This game is another masterpiece by Behemoth and when it gets out of early access it will probably be a must have RPG for any Behemoth fans. 9/10 (needs more buckled pants)"
76561198143037163,Recommended,291860,29403465,Posted: 21 January,all,Cruisin' Control,"Pros: Tells an immersive and beautiful story about a one-eyed soul binder, a 17th centruy slave owner, a scrapped Adventure Time cupcake, and bootleg Mario and Peach as they travel the land in a murderous spree in an attempt to take revenge on the Monty Python and the Holy Grail's Black Knight's stunt doubles. This educational, point and click adventure also teaches children Japenese  and how to make friends by throwing nets at them and locking them in cages that clearly do not fit them.  Includes an all-knowing spotted equine that flies and a bear that suspiciously may or may not sound like  your favorite Youtuber.Cons:  You cannot marry units like in Fire Emblem.0/10 Would make Pipistrella my waifu again(But srsly buy this game. It's really fun)"
76561198146106711,Recommended,291860,33678654,Posted: 20 July,all,Carl,why are you reading this? why dont you buy this instead of ever so great skyrim? *wink* *wink*
76561198051337011,Recommended,291860,33678325,Posted: 20 July,all,Oliviero,Very nice 9/10 for a early access game
76561198089078945,Recommended,291860,33705603,Posted: 21 July,all,Yodude9,"If you like Behemoth's artstyle and you in the slightest enjoy turn based strategy games, Buy Pit People. The narration is funny and really well done, the story is doing well so far for early access, and the characters are all so lovable. Tons of hours worth of gameplay for an early access game, so buy it now before they inevitably raise the price."
76561198097443612,Recommended,291860,33710398,Posted: 21 July,all,Dr.Kool,A really great RPG I totaly recomend this. I don't normaly like RPGs but this is one to get!
,Recommended,291860,33754948,Posted: 23 July,all,malfunction,"A very good game made by Behemoth (artstyle 10/10). It's early access of course, but it already feels very fleshed out and rich in (humorous) content. Of course, you have to be somewhat into turn-based combat to appreciate this game, but if you are then Pit people should absolutely fit you."
76561198347354072,Recommended,291860,33820659,Posted: 26 July,all,matthewfrlopez,Pretty a ok
,Recommended,291860,29280199,Posted: 15 January,all,Lieutenant Dan,Fantastic game i wish it was finished though because there isnt much of the story right now
,Recommended,291860,33055632,Posted: 30 June,all,Donny,"Pit People, one of the games I was looking forward to for some time, is, at its core, a fun, inventive and hilarious game with some real depth to it's gameplay. The graphics are bright and appealing, the music, sound and voice acting (take a bow Stamper) are excellent, crisp and fitting and the atmosphere and humour is highly amusing, resulting in one of those rare instances where I find myself laughing out loud whilst I playThe negatives, few as they are, barely upset this high trend. The game can be a little confusing at times, lack of information or a tutorial outside of basic combat can be a tad frustrating and online battles tend to be extremely one sided as some players who are a higher level, and having farmed the best weapons and characters, will crush those that barely know anything about the game. The biggest offender of this was when I came up against someone three times my level with the best gear and enemies in his roster. Turned out, they had clocked in a couple hundred hours of the game where as I had clocked in a miserable five.That point aside, this game is still highly enjoyable and fun and, a must for those of Stamper especially.88/100"
76561198079863459,Recommended,291860,33939955,Posted: 31 July,all,DjSpaceCat™(⌐■_■),Fun game. Slow pace. Much strategy...not really. Possibly in the future to be able to buy/sell items on SCM like Battle Block Theater? Let's wait and see as the game grows overtime :)
,Recommended,291860,34046704,Posted: 5 August,all,Outback Steakhouse,I really recommend this game
,Recommended,291860,34088432,Posted: 7 August,all,Evocashious,Pretty fun game so far. Love Stamper's voice acting. Can't wait for the full game release.
76561198061014508,Recommended,291860,34082556,Posted: 7 August,all,gil fleisher,uty
,Recommended,291860,34135391,Posted: 9 August,all,thanbo,"It's good, but I don't think It worth 15$."
76561198354762802,Recommended,291860,34133467,Posted: 9 August,all,Rusty Shackleford,Good game but i'm too lazy to write a review.
,Recommended,291860,30349174,Posted: 5 March,all,[Ynot] SyK0T1C,"Just a little disclaimer, I was a beta tester for this game.Sure, the game is in its Early Access state, and sure its $14.99, but Pit People proves itself worthy to be deemed a "" full game. ""Pros:+ Amazing optimization and port+ Amazing controls+ Charming gameplay, artstyle, characters, and dialogue+ Behemoth's usual goofiness+ Battleblock Theatre reference hidden in the sound options+ Good price tag+ Innovative+ Satisfying and rewarding open world+ Doesnt take long to install+ Early Access game that feels like a full game+ Battleblock Theatre and Castle Crashers owners get bonus items+ It was made clear that Behemoth, just like every other game they make, spent so much time and effort making this game+ Sadistic, dark-humored narrator+ Actually requires a decent amount of skillNow, since I love Behemoth-made games so much, I hate doing this, but...Cons:- Lack of Optimization settingsOverall, there is nothing I can actually diss about this game. It's only an Early Access title, but feels like a full, completed game nevertheless. I wish more Early Access games, no, games in general were like this! Well done like always, Behemoth! I will continue to support you guys by buying your games! :D- 10000000000000000000/10 - "" OOPS, BUTTERFINGERS! "" >:D"
76561198102074963,Recommended,291860,29435917,Posted: 22 January,all,Nefariousbot,"my review in short: BUY IT, trust me you wont regret it.Pit peopleHonestly, other than the single player campign still being in devolpment there would be no way i'd be able to tell that this game is curently in early access. Everything about this game seems polished to me and I have yet to encounter any bugs.so far the gameplay seems to closley relate to the Fire Emblem games  in the way that you can position and level up each unit. of course this a Behmoth game so the comedy and art style are simmilar to past instalments such as Castle Crashers and Battle Block Theater. I'm in love with this game and i can not wait till further updates to the game."
,Recommended,291860,30609025,Posted: 19 March,all,0selotti🐔,Its very good... and umm good
,Recommended,291860,34261381,Posted: 15 August,all,Negman Egga,"I can't really say much, its good. It might not be your kind of game, just buy it if you can and if you don't like it refund it."
,Recommended,291860,34179153,Posted: 11 August,all,ZAI,"This game TRULY captivates what it means to be a strategy game.When someone says ""strategy game"", you may think of simpler, less strategically complex games, such as Civilization and Hearts of Iron, but you SHOULD be thinking of this MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING MASTERPIECE. It is the world's ultimate battle of wits, and tests your skill more than any other game with the tag ""strategy"" ON THIS EARTH.In short: This game is the gold standard of strategic genius./sfunny though, 9/10"
,Recommended,291860,29312716,Posted: 17 January,all,Christian Thot Hunting Priest,behemoth always achieves to make me love their games even if its unfinished
76561198143842985,Recommended,291860,34854490,Posted: 9 September,all,TheDuckMafia,Great game. Gameplay while a bit generic with the hexagons will entertain you for days with many different aspects and factors that makes it fun. The story while not even being fully released yet is so fun and comedic it will make you stop and want to explore every little aspect.  While not being too overbearing and complicated to bore you. Funky music that you will be humming everywhere. One of the greatest art styles i've ever seen in the history of video games. With cutscenes very well polished and entertaining. With small little joke sprinkled throughout the game that will make you smile.
76561198108522237,Recommended,291860,34848344,Posted: 9 September,all,ColorPanic,Needs to come out of early access
76561198113484260,Recommended,291860,33493521,Posted: 12 July,all,Gloom ☠,https://youtu.be/TgqiSBxvdws......
76561198204011117,Recommended,291860,35312916,Posted: 29 September,all,Pappa Pablo,pretty cool game
76561198363187812,Recommended,291860,35280346,Posted: 28 September,all,Erick_Zhong123,"Another great game produced by Behemoth, but its a long way before it is amazing."
76561197976612595,Recommended,291860,29333058,Posted: 18 January,all,MechZahn,"Waiting to post my final review until it's out of early access but over all it's pretty amazing game that is deceptively simple until you begin to realize how complex a lock in before you hit go turn based system can get.As always, this is a totally different genre of game then Behemoth's last titles, use your own judgement if a not RTS game sounds up your ally way.And of course the humor is on course to be one of the best one's yet."
,Recommended,291860,35139983,Posted: 22 September,all,The Giving Tree,very fun game i love the silly voices and story line and i cant wait for the rest of the story to come out
76561198027157969,Recommended,291860,35267006,Posted: 28 September,all,BreathTaker,Great game
,Recommended,291860,35410219,Posted: 2 October,all,Gandur,Just buy it
76561198374724661,Recommended,291860,35388999,Posted: 1 October,all,Metalfizz,This is my first game by the Behemoth and I think it's great but frustrating. I like the narrator as I recognize him from Battleblock Theater even though I never played that game. But anyway Pit People is a pretty good game but it kinda winds me up
76561198057483138,Recommended,291860,35366223,Posted: 30 September,all,Boognosis,"I haven't written any reviews before this one, but forking-eh this is an awesome game, even in its embryonic form. The sountrack alone is worth every penny. Can't wait to see it in full."
76561198069533733,Recommended,291860,35509740,Posted: 5 October,all,Erndy,very fun
,Recommended,291860,35505678,Posted: 5 October,all,Shiro,"Too ♥♥♥♥ing amazing!If you have no soul, this game is not for you.Jeezus, Bajeezus, Sleezus...I LOVE BEHEMOTH!I also played the Closed Beta way back when. The only strategy game I would EVER LOVE TO PLAY!"
,Recommended,291860,29795624,Posted: 8 February,all,lapto,Fire Emblem made by The Behemoth.
