user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197987927800,Recommended,292030,32034007,Posted: 28 May,all,Elvistux,"This game made me so miserable .The writing can be as funny as heartbreakingThe Voice acting is one of the greatest i've ever heardA lot of the time , the many side quest were as awesome or even better than the main story (That is already amazing )Pro : The whole gameCon : Absolutely nothingIt's one of the greatest gaming experience I've ever had in my 24 years on this earth."
,Recommended,292030,32479482,Posted: 16 June,all,Genvoo,"The Witcher 3: Honest ReviewMonsters? ✔People who are worse than monsters? ✔Naked girls? ✔More naked girls? ✔Even more naked girls? ✔Nude scenes? ✔Superb voice acting? ✔Mind-blowingly good storyline? ✔An amazing 1st DLC, worth every penny? ✔An even better 2nd DLC? ✔5 Gigantic open world areas? ✔ (Sorry Skyrim Skellige alone is as big as you)Beautiful environment? ✔New Game +? ✔No micro transactions? ✔Ubisoft? Hell no m8'sIn depth & amazing characters? ✔Unbelievably good atmosphere? ✔Soundtrack that is beyond awesome? ✔Base game GOTY 2015 + Blood and Wine GOTY 2016? ✔800 awards? ✔ Sorry every other game ever madePrevented Fallout 4 getting GOTY? ✔Not a single bad thing to say? ✔RIP social life? ✔I have never played a game quite like The Witcher 3. You literally feel like you are Geralt, and you become connected to all the characters asif they really were your family.Summary:I would highly recommend The Witcher 3 to any RPG/mass content hungry gamers, it is a masterpiece.Game devs take note, CD Projekt Red actually make finished uncut games, plus DLC'S.500/10 would Witcher againYEN PLZ MOAR I LUV U"
76561198042539973,Recommended,292030,32778974,Posted: 25 June,all,avskrinskas,"I am 75 years old and really enjoyed this game. In this game I could do all the things I was once able to do but in my twilight years can no longer do. There should be more games like this for us seniors. The graphics were exellent. I very much dislike and dismiss the cartoon type graphics in most other games. The visual aspects of the game were superb, realistic and sometimes even breathtaking. The attention given to detail needs to be congratulated. The storyline was only just satisfactory but this was complemented by all the interesting charecters involved. Please continue to amaze us gamers with your excellent work."
,Recommended,292030,32267057,Posted: 8 June,all,Framed.,"Ignore me having 8 hours on this account, I finished the game twice and have 100+ hours on this game.QualityRatingReasonPerformance8.5/10You need a great PC to be able to run this game at maxed graphics, I got a steady 60 FPS on all ultra settings, with the occasional drop in the capital.Controls9/10Controls using a keyboard and mouse is weird, I had to get used to it. Once you've learned the controls it feels natural though, it's not like there's any inconvenient keymapping. I still recommend using a controller since it's a hell of a lot easier. (I didn't use a controller since I'm not comfortable with it, it was still fine for me).Ultility7/10Playable only on Windows.GameplayRatingReasonChallenge9.5/10If you play this game on easy, it's a walk in the park, you destroy everything you see, and Geralt is some sort of God who almost can't be killed. On Death March however, everything else is a god and it's so hard to get further in the game.I found this the most fun experience, for a reference; On Death March enemies have 80% more health and do 230% more damage, also you only gain 80% experience from everything whilst on this difficulty.Content10/10A big open world, with a lot of things to do, hours upon hours of content after you've finished the main story. Side quests, collectibles, bounties, amazing DLC (some free some paid for). One of the few developers that give free DLC that aren't just reskins or anything, but actual quests. Big + on CD PROJEKT RED for thisStory10/10I compare stories like this with other amazing storylines like The Last Of Us, it doesn't even get close to how good the story of The Witcher is. Such an indept story, amazing eye for detail, and I really got involved in the characters.Diversity10/10The main story gives you a whole lot to do, exploring the entire world, even going back to Kaer Morhen. Whilst all the side activities give you even more to do (as I've said with content) all the bounties, collectibles, quests for armour, quests to help strangers, ''random'' events and DLC, you'll be busy for quite some time.DesignRatingReasonGraphics10/10The graphics are insane, I can't describe how good like they are, I suggest you search for some video's just reviewing the graphics if you really want to get an indept view of it, all I can say is that this game will be pleasant to watch / play.Sound10/10Amazing voice acting, amazing music, amazing ambient sounds. Everything is just amazing really. Great music whilst in combat as well, makes me want to keep dodging the enemy so the music doesn't stop, it really puts you in the right mood for this game.Mapping9.9/10I wish I could give this a 10, but it's really hard to call something perfect, but there's always little flaws with something like mapping, if I really wanted to start nit picking on them. But the world of Witcher is amazing, it feels alive and even though it's a really big world, there's little details everywhere.Interface10/10The interface is solid, it looks great, and does what it's suppose to. Not really anything else to add there.Final Score: 10/10Don't let the score fool you, it's not perfect, nothing is. Yet this game is at the same time. I love it, 99% of the people who played it love it. Do you like killing monsters, a medieval setting, a great story line, or just a good looking game? You'll definetly love it.Played with:- Windows 10 Home 64-bit- Intel Core i7 7700 @ 3.60GHz- 32GB Dual-Channel Unknown @ 1200MHz- MSI Z270 GAMING PRO (MS-7A59) (U3E1)- NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 (MSI)- ASUS DRW-24D5MT- Realtek High Definition Audio1920*1080Ultra Settings-- Want more reviews like this? Please check out my curator groupHere!"
,Recommended,292030,31453281,Posted: 29 April,all,Marimo,"So we got a game in 2015, the complaint of which for many people was overwhelming contentWe got a DLC for the game in 2015 which was better than all the games in the yearWe got a DLC for the game in 2016 which was better and had more content than most games in the yearThe base game and DLC together costed less than most AAA games of the yearA game that had an artistic vision, a game that wanted to push boundaries in terms of narrative and choice/consequence based decision making in a living and breathing open world, with characters that are memorable and relatable. A game whose developers knew what gamers wanted. WItcher 3 has launched CDPR into the league of great developers like Looking Glass, Rockstar, Valve, old-Bioware etc.....My only complain with this game is that it made other modern games feel obsolete.This is the game of the generation by such a huge margin, it's not even funny."
,Recommended,292030,22901619,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,MilchChocolate,"You can do everything you can't do in real life, like casting magic and talking to girls"
,Recommended,292030,19811359,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,#NV,"'There's nothing behind me. I'm a Witcher, I'd have heard it. Just like I can hear your heart. Which is pounding... like a liar's.'Geralt of Rivia__________________________________________Introduction'The Witcher III: Wild Hunt‘ has won so many awards and has been praised by so many people that it’s kind of impossible to miss or ignore this game. It’s the third part in the videogame series based on the books by Andrzej Sapkowski and represents the end of the famous videogame trilogy of Geralt of Rivia, a.k.a the White Wolf or the Butcher of Blaviken. To cut a long story short: The game lived up to every expectation I had and exceeded them with ease. Even the games‘ minigames are better than many full-price titles – yeah exactly, I’m talking about you Gwent, you awful little drug that I can’t get enough of…The main story connects to the events of the second Witcher game 'Assassins of Kings‘ and brings the overall story started in the first part to an end. Witchers are infamous monster hunters, magically improved mutants that are simultanesously feared and needed in a world threatened by dark creatures, evil spirits and living nightmares. Geralt of Rivia is a famous specimen of this kind and thought for a long time that his former friend and love, the sorceress Yennefer of Vengerberg, was already dead. However during the recent events in Loc Muinne he learned that this was not the entire truth and so he decides to start a new journey to finally find answers to his questions.A huge world with fascinating lore and characters awaits the White Wolf - the sheer quantity of places you can visit, persons you can talk to and monsters that have to be slain would be enough to  fit in several other games.This world is not only packed with interesting stories, dialogues, quests, fearsome monsters and an insane amount of details behind every corner, moreover it is convincing and far away from all the happy fantasy clichés you've already seen a hundred times. There is neither black nor white, just many shades of grey. Elves are neither the glorious archers nor the kind tree people, humans not the friendly guys that accept every race the same and dwarfes are no gentle stone-loving miners. In this world you have to make choices that you won’t like and to live with the consequences. Morally ambiguous is the description you’re looking for.__________________________________________Graphics and AudioRegarding the technical aspects this game conquers Mount Olympus easily (despite the much complained 'technical downgrade‘) as it is one of the most beautiful RPGs I’ve ever seen, with amazing sunsets/sunrises, spooky nights and gorgeous views over detailled landscapes full of nature and terror - this game is definitely gorgeous.You want to see some examples? Let me show you some screenshots taken from the game using only the additional E3FX and the free camera from the console:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=639380403http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=657195325http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=626638385In addition to the stunning visuals there is also brilliant music and fantastic voice acting that will catch you during dialogues or pumps you up during the fights. Together with the exquisite characters, the superb dialogues and all the deep little stories the game suceeds even more in creating a credible fantasy world.__________________________________________ConsSo now there's the question: Are there negative points at all?Yeah some minor flaws: Talking to every person and looting every stash is kind of unsatisfying as there is no wide variety of things that you may accomplish or find this way, so after some time you will visit mostly the important places and persons while ignoring the rest. Furthermore if everything else may be a 10/10 for me, the fighting mechanic is not as fantastic as the rest. It has definitely improved since the second part but it’s still somewhat 'special' as it lacks unique aspects, a good feedback for the hits and suffers every now and then from targeting problems, camera angles, weird controls or some questionable hitboxes.That now may sound worse than it actually is - from my point of view it's 'still' an 8 out of 10. In addition I encountered some small visual glitches and sound errors during cutscenes but they were so small and disappeared after reloading, so I don’t even care about this at all. Compared to the games‘ size and content there are nearly no problems at all and everything runs more than just smoothly for me.To be honest there is only only real downside that I have with the game: My journey with Geralt will end some day and it set new standards regarding characters, lore and dialogues that future RPGs have to be compared with - and this will be a tough struggle for many of them.__________________________________________ConclusionSo in the end, would I recommend the game? Yes – and no.It’s a fantastic RPG with an amazing amount of content, exquisite characters, dialogues and interesting stories, so I’d recommend it for everyone who has even the slightest positive attitude towards RPGs or the fantasy genre in general.However at the same time I wouldn’t recommend the game for anyone who has only little time to spare, doesn’t want to be immersed in a massive world full of lore or just wants to rush the story - this game needs time. A lot of time. However it pays off by providing a brilliant experience that will take you on a journey that you’ll never regret or forget...…or to be more precise let's call it 'a journey you’d like to forget'. Just to experience this masterpiece again from the start and to get these great feelings again (damn I even ignored the fast-travel option and turned off the minimap and the quest hints willingly for many hours (I’ve been lost so many times) to enjoy the world and the quests even longer).I rate it gladly 9.5 out of 10 points.__________________________________________Let's end this review with another badass quote of the White Wolf:'I'm a Witcher. Heard you wondering about my swords. Well, one's for monsters, the other for humans.'"
76561198023171292,Recommended,292030,23346085,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Dr.SexBacon,"This is the greatest game ive ever played in my life (ive been gaming since Pong/2600). My time played is bordering on embarassing, and its going to get worse with BaW just released. This is my comfort game, whenever I am bored of another game, I can always come back to this one. I also played through W1 and W2 multiple times (not on Steam) so I was foaming at the mouth for years, waiting for this game.I'm the kind of gamer where I need more than just a story, I want a great story, great loot/crafting/item management, great combat, and great character RPG skill building. This game has it all, and its completely adjustable. Only want the story and swinging your sword at monsters but dont want to get into crafting/alchemy/skills? Just play it on the easiest and you can skip all of that, and just watch the story (Naughty dog/telltale style). You want to get hardcore and make all the crafting/oils/bombs/potions/thought into char build usefull? Turn it on Death march and make all your desisions count and make all the battles extremely fun and tacticle. 4 of my 5 playthroughs are on DM and it is the true Witcher 3 experience.Games with great stories alone just dont cut it for me anymore. A good example of this recently was Uncharted 4, dont get me wrong it had a great story, but after the Witcher I was bored to tears and still havent finished it. In that game you do nothing but shoot at stuff and watch the story, which is fine for some people but not me. In Witcher 3 you get a GOT quality of a story, including voice acting, animation, ect. However when you want to take a break from that, visit one of the equally engaging side stories and monster hunts, go on scavenger hunts for treasure and 6 different sets specialized witcher gear, 4 of which have 5 tiers of upgrades. Go visit question marks on the map for more side stories and treasures, hunt down rare ingredients for your potions/bombs/oils. Theres all of that and I havent even talked about Gwent yet....  You will also be collecting cards rare and common through out the game world for an entire card game built from the ground up as a mini game within this game. The game is so ♥♥♥♥ing good that they are now releasing it as a full game because everyone went ape♥♥♥♥♥♥nuts for it. Ive played so much Gwent that I know what the computer is going to do before they even do it.I could go on and on, but bottom line.......this game has set a new mark in all the gaming industry for other compaines to aspire to. CDPR for ♥♥♥♥ing life.Pros:Everything, it has it all. This is the equivelent of gaming super crack- Great char building and skill trees, even better now with BaW DLC- A very well done and responsive battle system that gets even more fun and tacticle as you turn up the difficulty. The only *sword fight simulator* that is better is Dark Souls.- Tons of weapons, armor, and crafting, including all the Witcher specialized sets that change their look with each upgrade.- One of the greatest game stories ive ever seen, which may have only been topped by its own DLC in Hearts of Stone. Top notch voice acting, animation, and choice/dialog system.- ♥♥♥♥ing Gwent- A vast living, breathing open world only rivaled by GTAVs open world for scope and detail.- Details, details, details, a huge amount of love and time were poured into this game. I spend hours just looking at stuff and admiring all the little things.  (see hours played)Cons:It will ruin all other games for you. Everything else is now harder to get in to because of this. So, you know.......be careful"
,Recommended,292030,22542335,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Ravo,"Witcher 3: Honest ReviewRacism? ✔Religion? ✔Monsters? ✔People who are worse than monsters? ✔Naked girls? ✔More naked girls? ✔Superb voice acting? ✔Mind-blowingly good storyline? ✔An even better DLC, worth every penny? ✔No micro transactions? ✔No Ubisoft, unless in the trash? ✔Likeable characters? ✔Unbelievably good atmosphere? ✔Soundtrack comparable to that of LoTR for example? ✔Enough Slav? ✔GOTY 2015 with over 130 awards? ✔Yeah... Sums it up alright.What are you waiting for? GET. IT."
,Recommended,292030,16009942,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,RetroSpecs,I wish I could erase my memory so I can experience this game for the first time again.10/10 would Witcher again.
,Recommended,292030,15982314,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Kar0n,"For me this is the best Single Player game, I've ever played.Storyline - 10/10Story is presented in a very nice form. In most of the dialogue you can choose what to say. We have many ways to pass the mission. We can do it quietly or killing everyone. Each mission is interesting and different than earlier. The story is for 30h game without sidequests. We also have mini games like cards (Gwent).Gameplay - 9/10Beautiful world giving many opportunities for the player. We can explore caves, forests, mountains, helping peoples and doing much more things. The map is 30 times bigger than in the previous part. Crafting and Alchemy are more important, we also can upgrade swords, armors and signs. These sandbox gives many, many opportunities. Fight feeling is pleasant. Sometimes we are blocking on a small obstacle but in comparison to other games it is not very annoying.Characters - 10/10Each character has its own charm. Characters are well matched to the storyline and to the environment. We can decide who will be our enemy and who is our friend. We also can choose the path of the main character. Character (mainly Geralt's) and monsters doing really great feeling, details are amazing.Graphics - 10/10Graphics in this game is amazing. Even the smallest details are well refined, for example when we move the grass moves with us. Graphics capabilities used in 100%. The movement of water clouds are very well refined, falling leaves, changing weather make a huge impression.Sounds - 10/10Music and ambient sounds in this game is great fits. We can listen medieval music which is selected for each moment of the game. Animals noises are natural. The monsters sounds are really threatening. Character voices are well selected and fit into personalities.Overall - 10/10If you are thinking about purchase this game, if you like open world and action RPG games, I would recommend these game for you, and I guarantee a lot of fun comes from that game. These game is masterpiece."
76561197967412408,Recommended,292030,26123041,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,niks,Since playing this I have a legit fear that there won't be any game like this anymore.
,Recommended,292030,17231839,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Skipper Tibbles -Aus Der Traum,"When you finish this game, it feels like you've broken up with a girl."
,Recommended,292030,32182921,Posted: 4 June,all,Oguloruc8,"This game will always have a special place in my heart.﻿ Thank you, CD PROJEKT RED."
,Recommended,292030,26333589,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,ÐÆÑ¡Æ│,PROS:Amazing graphics.Amazing story.Amazing voice acting.Amazing combat animations.Amazing and interesting side quests.Amazing sex scenes.CONS:You have to quit whatever you are doing right now to experience all the stuff that is in this masterpiece.∞/10Game Of The Eternity
76561198008068564,Recommended,292030,15975007,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Eleysium,"The amount of content you get for your money is unbelievable. Every sidequest is interesting, something I have never seen in my entire gamerlife.10/10"
,Recommended,292030,16624209,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,RAYven,"I've been planning to make huge review for this game, but in the end decided to keep it short.Masterpiece."
,Recommended,292030,34458443,Posted: 24 August,all,Kuolonkorina,"I really wanna write longer review for this awesome game that it is,but my patience for writing in english is too much for me.Graphics: 10/10Voiceacting: 10/10Story: 10/10Combat/Gameplay: 10/10Challenge: 10/10Diversity: 10/10DLCs: 10/10Quests: 10/10Music: 10/10Gwent: 10/10Roach: 10/10Farting trolls: 10/10Killing monsters: 10/10Drunk Geralt: 10/10I hate portals: 10/10CD Project Red: 10/10Beard growth physics: 10/10I can't praise this game AND CD Project Red enough for my friends,they are probably tired of it.Many people say this but i'm still gonna say this.I wish i could go back in time and play it again like i did the first time.The game absorbs your SOUL and you just feel like the most badass monster hunter ever.Deep dark fantasy and very adult game, play it ""Death march"" difficulty for the best experience,except if you are casual with not that much of an experience.If you are RPG/Open world/Fantasy fan, this is a must buy.I don't think that this review will get lots of readers or likes, but it was fun to write, Thank you.PS. Team Yennefer.[UPDATE]I didn't think i could manage to get to the top reviews for Witcher 3 and i just wanna thank you guys, it's a dream come true for a big Witcher fan.And also, check my screenshots for Witcher 3!"
76561198041889474,Recommended,292030,23049650,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Lupo,I hope one day I get amnesia so I can play again to full effect.
76561198039545550,Recommended,292030,22801170,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,reverend2121,"I've been a gamer most of my life, starting with my first Atari 2600 in the early 1980's. This is the greatest RPG I've ever played. I've used Steam for many years now, and never written a review for a game before...this game was good enough to make me feel like I should.Looking back on it, I feel like I actually played several games. The overall storyline contained so many sub-plots that each ""chapter"" felt like its own complete game. I've heard some people mention this as a negative, but I can't possibly see how. It's value...you don't have to play the game if you don't want to. If you only want 40 hours of content from a AAA title, then quit playing it after 40 hours.As for the quests themselves, I found even the random mini-quests generated from ""undiscovered locations"" to be well-executed and thoughtful, some of which would only take a few minutes to complete, but added genuine character to the gaming world, making it feel like a real place. After over 170 hours of play, I found myself saving the final quest and just roaming around Skellige checking out undiscovered locations, even though I knew the vast majority of them were smugglers caches, and I already had all the gear and crowns I could ever use...I didn't want it to end. I anxiously await the next DLC expansion.I hear a lot of people complain about the combat system as well, and for the life of me I can't understand why. In close quarters the camera gets a bit wonky, and it's hard to maneuver properly because of your view being obstructed, but that's only in a few specific places. The combat system is elegant in that it is as complex as you make it. You can finish the game quite easily doing nothing but blocking/countering if your opponent is human, dodge/attack if your opponent is a monster. Now add to this basic and extremely effective routine the use of the various bombs, potions, decoctions, and signs, especially in conjunction with area effects and each other...there are a thousand ways to defeat your opponents. Throwing a gas bomb and lighting up a bunch of bandits with Igni is always entertaining, as is using Axii to make a guy kill his buddy. Some special attacks you can unlock, like Whirl, are just amazing to watch when you pull it off correctly to take out a whole group of enemies in one fantastic display of swordsmanship.Gwent is another feature that gets a lot of attention, and I really didn't know what to make of it at first. After analyzing it for a little while, and picking up some different cards with different abilities, I began to realize the genius of it, and eventually got to the point where I can honestly say I haven't had as much fun with an RPG mini-game since Triple Triad in FF8. It's just another part of this game that is absolutely brilliant in its simplicity yet astoundingly deep.Well, there you go. My first Steam review. I enjoyed this game immensely, and unless you're a cave troll, you probably will too."
,Recommended,292030,17004175,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,MGRGXY,"Witcher 3 is not a game.It's another life you can live in, there are sights to be viewed, jobs to be done, friends to hang out with and family to love and protect.So, Witcher 3 is not a game, Gwent is."
76561198213462515,Recommended,292030,28330746,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Rob,Almost killed a fetus.Threw a baby in the oven.Had sex on a unicorn.Hired strippers for only 20 orens.Cried like a baby when i did the last main quest and realized i won't ever play a game such as this one.infinite/10
,Recommended,292030,29884291,Posted: 12 February,all,Cocoabine,"Score: 10/10Time to 100%: 150 hoursEasily, unequivocally, absolutely, undoubtedly, undeniably, one of my favourite games ever, ever, ever - did I mention ever - ever! Here are just some of the many reasons as to why this game is so great:PROS:The Leading Man- Something has to be said about our main protagonist - he's an absolute badass reminiscent to that of Solid Snake. From his scar-riddled body to his gruff and gravelly voice every ounce of him oozes cool. I want to be him. Women want him. On initial impressions you might think he will turn out to be a monotone bore, void of personality but this also couldn't be further from the truth. Geralt can always manage to deliver great lines of dialogue from witty quips to interesting introspectives. In truth he is a great leading man.Game Within A Game- While some games like to add some extra little minigames to their game that can prove to be entertaining for a couple of minutes at best Witcher 3 went the extra mile and added Gwent - a fully fleshed out card game that adds dozens and dozens of hours of extra gameplay. This card game itself is entirely optional within the game, but whole sidequests go unfulfilled should you choose to ignore it - which you really shouldn't - because it's a lot of fun. Northern Realms is best deck!The Writing- There's always a special place in my heart for games that manage to give a choice of not black and white options - but the all too common and ever uncertain options of grey. You know, the choices that don't have a clear cut good answer or bad answer. The choices which, all to often is going to hurt SOMEONE. Witcher 3 has plenty of these and even goes the extra mile of luring you into a ""good"" choice only for outcomes to go horribly wrong. It makes me question my choice, makes me feel bad, makes me reload previous saves, makes me love it all the more.A Good Looker- Straight up this game is GEORGEOUS! There have been plenty of times where I've just stopped in a beautiful glade or mountainpass and just thought ""Wow"" as I take it all in. Even the cutscenes in the game can be so pretty, the characters even have their intricate little flaws and detals like tiny marks, bumps and cuts on their skin and faces. I can only appreciate the sheer amount of work that went into making a game of this beauty.The Celtic Influence- Ok this one, well I'm Irish so I can already appreciate the heck out of it. It's blatent celtic cultural influence is just a joy to see and makes me think of a simpler time. Props to the Witcher 3 staff hiring Scottish & Northern Irish voice actors for basically the entire populous of Ard Skellige.I could also mention other things like how the game does a great job of handling lore of fantasy - delving into a whole host of mytical creatures or how the fighting mechanics of Witcher are a technical joy, having to read up on creatures weaknesses and using useful concoctions in the heat of battle are a must for higher difficulties, but I won't say anymore I can't praise this game enough - PLAY IT.CONS:Haha, no."
,Recommended,292030,25474159,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,DynamiteKnight,"This game is more than another blockbuster title; it's one of those that defined a chapter in my life.I played Witcher 1 when it was released in 2007, back when I was a single man working in my first job few years out of college. I even remember playing it through one of the worst years of my life. 2011 came, Witcher 2 was released and I immediately bought the box set with the soundtrack, coin, and map. A lot of things changed in my life by then and I took on a whole new adventure in career, travel, and even love. Then after many years, Witcher 3.After finishing Blood and Wine, the final expansion, I uninstalled and finally closed this magnificent story that has been a part of me for the last nine years.Now as my wife and I take on a new adventure into parenthood, I know that I won't have time to finish long RPGs anymore so this may be my last hurrah. That being said, this game, its story, characters, lore, will remain with me moving forward, defining what story and videogames can and should be.Goodbye and see you Witcher. Salute."
,Recommended,292030,32861418,Posted: 27 June,all,Po Po Patrol,"Had the game for a day and a half, played 20hours already... you get the picture.."
76561197978888208,Recommended,292030,24547610,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Funky Chicken,"Im scared ill never have this much fun again.edit: just finished both dlc, now im sure i wont have fun again."
,Recommended,292030,26549420,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Sadius the Corruptor,"Set a standard that every game and developer hasn't been met yet. Makes it kinda sad the more you think about it, like this game has essentially ruined gaming."
,Recommended,292030,32384164,Posted: 13 June,all,Synth3D,"The Witcher succeeds where many other open world titles haven't, it offers a fantasy world that is truly detailed and immersive. Instead of being a marathon of collectables and fetch quests, the game offers detailed and interesting quests and side quests that branch off into story arcs and multiple endings which present themselves as moral dilemmas which are never truly black or white.There are hundreds, if not thousands of hours of content. Outside of the main quest, there are treasure hunts, armour hunts, boxing tournaments, horse racing tournaments, card tournaments and more.You could even play the game for hours simply exploring the beautiful and unique architecture and landscapes of the fantasy genre from the haunting marshes of Velen to the sprawling meadows and vineyards of Toussaint, the game truly captures the imagination beyond any other game I have played.The quality of the voice acting, cutscenes and soundtrack are all greatly cinematic, surpassing even Hollywood big budget movies. I could listen to the soundtrack for hours on end, it includes some of the most beautiful compositions if music I have ever heard. It is a truly excellent game and you will fall in love with the charming cast of characters.I would say that it is without a doubt one of the greatest games ever made and the best £20 I have ever spent."
,Recommended,292030,31077843,Posted: 11 April,all,n3dst4rk,"""Write a review for The Witcher® 3: Wild Hunt""? Do you write a review for the air you breathe? For the stars in the sky? For seeing an old friend after 10 years? For a lunch in the park on a sunday afternoon with the person you love? For fulfilling all your heart's desires? For passing away at peace at an old age surrounded with people who love you?We don't need a review for that. It speaks for itself."
,Recommended,292030,15920088,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Kjokkling-Flanders,"His beard grows. In real time.BEARD. GROWS.Oh, and there's a vast, beautiful, open world to explore, stuffed with interesting sidequests and amazing graphics, but who cares about that?"
76561198007258997,Recommended,292030,31164078,Posted: 15 April,all,SpecialistZer0,"Just finished my second playthrough and I still want more!  I bought this game over a year ago and didn't get around to playing it until recently.  I added the DLC's and all additional content which I must say was well worth the money, especially if you use the content pass that is offered.I'm not a young man, almost 50 years old and I've been gaming since I was 14 years old on the Spectrum.  I've played good games and bad and in recent times have become rather annoyed at publishers that promote unfinished or badly flawed games on release, this however is not one of those products.  In fact, after i completed the game for the second time, I went to CD Projekt Red's web site to see what else they had on offer because if they produce quality like this then i'll gladly buy into their world.The Witcher 3 is, to my mind, THE best game I have ever played.  Why?  Because, from the outset, even though I hadn't played Witcher 1 or 2, the main character was easy to understand and identify with.  The general gameplay is smooth and logical in addition to the gentle learning curve.  The plot, for someone that dives strait in to Witcher 3 is relatively easy to grasp, so much so that you quickly begin to feel part of it all.The scariest thing is that it's a real emotional roller coaster, after a short while playing, you really begin to empathise with the characters, you'll be laughing out loud, feeling sad, angry and elated.I could go on but suffice to say, it's Brilliant.  Other publishers take note!  Well done ""CD Projekt Red""."
,Recommended,292030,31681591,Posted: 11 May,all,KangarooJoey,"Before playing this game I had never played an RPG in my life, I played mostly fps and sports games on consoles. I tried this out on PS4 and it quickly became my favorite game of all time. Loved it so much I really wanted to experience it in 60 fps and with amazing graphics so I got into the PC master race and am now in my second playthrough."
,Recommended,292030,15965549,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Don Alencio,"This game is a masterpiece. It is possible that it is the greatest rpg game ever. Side quests are not boring, the game world is huge, weapons are great and combat although has some minor problems, is glorious. No game is perfect, this game has some problems, but the combination of great atmosphere, depth story, attention to details, quest diversity, sound, voice acting, music, monsters, weapons, armors, storms, Roach (the Horse) and of course the best mini game I have ever encounter in a video game : Gwent. All of this plus dozens of other great things add up and to give 10/10 masterpiece.***Keep reading for a few more details if you are interested:•  Side Quests: I will not specifically mention any side quest because I don’t want to spoil anything. But I have to praise the quality of the side quests. I have played a lot of rpg’s in my life, and I have never encountered one whose secondary quests are so well written. Even the smallest one of them have something interesting, for example a dead guy can have a note on his body which narrates something related to his final demise. Also, I’m not exaggerating when I said that the stories of this quests are amazing, going even head to head with main stories of other games. (Some of these quests endure 2 or 3 or more hours). Also, the main quests are amazing.•  Monsters: Yes, there are monsters in this game, and you will hunt them down and probably kill them (occasionally you may let them live if you choose so). But the best part is that you can track this monsters down with something similar to “detective mode”, which will give you hints of what kind of monster you are tracking, also villagers may help to determine of what kind it is. And there is strategy in this: monsters have weakness to something, it varies from monster to monster. To learn about this weaknesses you can read the “bestiary”, which is a log of entries that have descriptions, histories and details of monsters. There are necrophages, specters, giants, insectoids, draconoids and many others. You mostly track them down by accepting or taking Witcher Contracts.•  Potions, Crafting, Alchemy: Yes this game has all of this. I as a player usually don’t waste time with alchemy, but I really enjoy it in this game. There are dozens of potion recipes and diagrams for armor, and swords that you will encounter in the game world. And they are meaningful, not like in Skyrim, were you have like a million useless potion in your pockets. In here I actually use them, especially while fighting monsters. For example, there a different kind of oils that can be applied to your swords, each one add damage bonus to a specific kind of enemy.•  Graphics, sounds and music: Yes, I was a little bit disappointed when I saw all of the graphic downgrade posts and news, and yes there is some downgrade if you compare the game with the e3 trailers. Now that said, even with the downgrade, the graphics have remained impressive. Armors, lighting, reflections all of them looks well. The game atmosphere is amazing, there are storms, strong winds, rain, thunders and even the occasional fog is some areas. So don’t let the “graphic downgrade”  thing affect your judgement of this game. It’s pretty.  The sound is top quality too. And the music is also top quality.Combat: The combat control is not perfect, specially the first few hours. But as you become more familiar with controls you will really enjoy and master its mechanics.•Geralt of Rivia: And remember you are a Witcher, a guy who is basically an expert swordsman and alchemist, but at the same time have some basic knowledge of magic spells (like kinetic blasts and fire bursts). This is not an rpg were you create a character, in here you play with a forced role, you play as Geralt of Rivia and you have no choice in that matter. But this is not a bad thing. You will feel like Geralt and live as him…and decides like him. Geralt will have to deal with hundreds of choices in his adventure, those choices have different outcomes. If you had never played any Witcher games, let’s said that this is something similar to mass effect choices (but better). Also, you can import your save files from Witcher 2, so decision in there has some interesting outcomes in Witcher 3. If you have never played any witcher game, don’t worry, you will still understand the game.• Progress: Yes there is ability tree and all that stuff, so you as you gain xp you can invest points in different abilities like magic, combat and alchemy (and a general attribute section).• Gwent: This is an in game card mini game. I’m one of those guys who usually ignores all mini games in games. But you should try Gwent. It has a lot of depth and strategy. At the beginning it may be difficult, but as you progress you will earn new cards that will help you in your Gwent career…try the mini game, is amazing.Update: 11/10"
,Recommended,292030,15944742,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Dellicious,"Honestly this game is brilliant. I'm 30 hours in and feel like I have not even started yet. The maps are huge, and quite intimidating. There are lots of things to see and places to explore. Sometimes randomly exploring places you will find a hidden letter or item that leads you on a new quest. Speaking of quests, the secondary ones tie in beautifully with the main story and feel like they have meaning and purpose behind them. The visuals are stunning, especially if you have a rig capable of using HairWorks and HBAO+ to their full potential. The day/night cycle on top of the changing weather conditions really engross you in the world. The sound, both ambient and effects, are all awe inspiring. Just listening to the wind blow the trees, the village sounds of hammer on steel and axe on wood, even the gentle noises your horse makes as you travel is just very immersing.The story telling is one of the major positives for me personally. All the NPC’s really come alive with the texture and detail on their faces, CD Projekt RED did a great job with that. The voice acting is great, much better than Witcher 2 and feels far more professional. All of the conversation options are well thought out, and there are plenty of decisions with some severe consequences depending on the way you play it. If you import a Witcher 2 save, you will have a few surprises and reappearances as well.Combat is solid, it takes a little practice to get to grips with the dodging, parrying, and when to use the signs effectively, but once you work it out you will love fighting some mobs. The skill tress are varied and in-depth, and you can really tailor your play style by equipping/unequipping specific skills for different scenarios. Using mutagens to further develop and buff your abilities.There is so much more I could talk about like Gwent, the card game, bartering/intimidation mechanics, boat sailing, all the crafting and potions, but you need to play it yourself to really appreciate it. Hopefully with further updates and user mods the game will continue to improve and evolve.There are not many negatives, mostly performance related which, as of writing, a lot of have been fixed already with v1.03."
,Recommended,292030,17076220,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Nathan,"The Witcher 3 is an absolute masterpiece from start to finish, It's also the best candle lighting simulator."
76561198008686104,Recommended,292030,23058432,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Clementine,537 hours and still continue playing. That's your answer for how good it is.
,Recommended,292030,24514533,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,"It's me, Mari(o)a.",the con of this game is you don't know what to do after you finish it...it's a masterpiece!
76561198125218159,Recommended,292030,24950002,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,aeriagloris,"When I'm 80 years old and sitting in my rocking chair, I'll be playing The Witcher 3. And my family will say to me, 'After all this time?' And I will say, 'Always.'This game deserves every last bit of praise it has gotten. It has one or two flaws (most of which will be resolved with the Add-Ons), but you'll have to be really, really picky to find them, if you'll even notice.Only problem with this game is that it still finishesmeeven upon finishing the game for the third time and that I have absolute no idea what to play next -- for whatever it will be, I will be sorely disappointed."
76561198046865724,Recommended,292030,30280897,Posted: 2 March,all,B♦rislav ♰,"One stormy night, to a village nearby,Came a lone traveler, no one knew why.It was a strange sight, for the people at first.Because he was a mutant, a man aspersed.A warrior far away from his home,Every scar on his body told a story of its own.His calm pale face, stripped of all emotion,The work he came here for was his only devotion.His yellow cat eyes gazed with a look of boldness,The only thing he said was: ""I'm here about the notice.""They agreed on a price, and he knew he could have asked for more,But he decided not to, because the wilge was small and poor.Then he went away, for a monster he now had to track,As he was leaving, the villagers stared at the two swords on his back.One made of silver, and the other of steel it was,One tasted blood of beasts, and the other of human outlaws.He returned the next day, before the sun had set,Looking tired, and smelling of blood and of sweat.He collected the coin, for the creature he had to slay,Then he got on his horse Roach, and went on his way.What happened there, some might call a bloodbath,But it was just a regular night, for a witcher on his path.Many nights like this, he had to spend alone,Cold and in the dark, on hostile ground unknown.Cautious he was, of enemies that lurked around,What more can you say about a man who sleeps sitting down.There was something he carried, that gave him comfort in such time,A crystal skull and a rose, both had value sentimental and sublime.He knew the day would come, when he'd have to choose between those two,So he carried them both, until he knew what to do."
,Recommended,292030,19494649,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,AngryMinion,The Witcher 3 makes Fallout 4 look like a childrens game.
,Recommended,292030,19015222,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Adriharu,Just going to recommend because this really should say Overwhelmingly Positive instead of Very Positive.
,Recommended,292030,33733668,Posted: 22 July,all,Misaka Mikoto,One of those games where you want to forget the entire thing so you can go through it again.I believe that is the highest praise I can give to any form of entertainment.
,Recommended,292030,27870125,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BigHairyMan,"I admit I was a bit concerned over the few years that The Witcher 3 was being developed. Hearing how CD PROJEKT RED decided to go ""open-world"" and make the game 30 times larger than the previous Witcher games. These games were always more about substance for me and ""open-world"" games tend to lose some of that. I wasn't so sure it would work. Then, the game then was delayed in 2014. Wasn't a good sign for me.Soon after it was released, I picked it up. I spent the first few hours just taking in how beautiful and detailed the game world was. The water, trees, animals, grass..everything felt alive. I started playing the game and got hooked. The main questline itself was full of characters you grow to love and care about and a story that you typically don't get in a video game. The side quests in the game weren't your typical ""fetch this"" or ""Kill this"" type..all of them had a story and decisions to make on how to complete them.The combat seemed clunky at first but then you start to realize this isn't a button mashing game, patience and timing was the way to go. It can be on the easy side on the normal difficulty levels, especially when only using your sword for combat but it gets more interesting when you start to use alchemy and signs.In the end, I couldn't believe how great of a game this ended up being. The game's production values and writing are some of the best I've ever seen. Although I spent 150+ hours in my first playthrough of this game, I was bummed it was ending. Rarely do I feel like that after playing a game of this scale. It really is amazing how much CD PROJEKT RED put into this and they easily made one of the best games I've ever played."
76561197985072747,Recommended,292030,17050546,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - Open Worlded Fantasy RPGI have played through the Witcher 1 and 2 until the end of both. Recently I read all the English translated books by Andrzej Sapkowski (a hero and they are highly recommended).I have already ploughed 80+ hours into this game by doing many exploration, sub and main quests. I am trying to have breaks so I will finish it eventually (unlike Skyrim, where I was Skyrim'd out).The monsters, characters and environments stay true to the Witcher world. You can tell the people who made this game really care about this game and its environment. They are providing free DLC, but you can buy a season pass if you want even more Witcher goodness.The fighting is fluid and there are horse races, crafting and collectible card games to add even more variety to a great well thought out game. Shame there are no sex cards this time though ;-)The graphics look great even on the lowest settings and each quest feels like a proper adventure, not just fetch some feathers or kill ten wolves because they look scary. You actually feel like you are making a difference to the world around you, liberating towns and developing relationships.This is one of the best games I have played. I won't say game of the year just yet, but it is clearly going to be in the top five!"
,Recommended,292030,28320427,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,ATX Ferret,"This game is so spot on in so many areas that it's hard to review. Imagine a really, really good movie, with action and suspense and wry comedy and adult themes. Now imagine that it has its own world, its own lore, and you're actually playing a character in it, becoming doubly invested in the characters' stories. I know that this is the promise of so many other games, but The Witcher 3 actually delivers like no other game.The difficulty is super scalable so that you get just as much tension as you want, making it excellent even for ""casuals."" I have spent nearly 200 hours on just one playthrough, without a break in which I played something else. I've been gaming since the days of the Tandy 1000, and I have never put this kind of time into a game. And I'm looking forward to delving into the DLC.If there was a game that deserved, in content, quality, enjoyability, and sheer production quality, to be far higher than the $59.99 AAA mark, this would be it. And it's $39.99 right now. You need to play this game, now, while everything is still the BEST that exists. Don't let this one be one of those that you put off for ten years, only to ""meh"" at it when it's cheap. If you buy one AAA game in 2016 and 2017 combined, it should be this one."
76561198119356569,Recommended,292030,16937220,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Softswipe,Never heard of The WitcherBought it Prerelease cause of the hypePlayed it.Loved it.Cry in bed because I finished it.Played it again.Addicted.In Therapy at the moment.They say i will never be happy again.Go Buy It. Now.
,Recommended,292030,30709125,Posted: 24 March,all,Veterano Rojo,I would buy it again. And again. And again. Every time it's on sale.
,Recommended,292030,31502051,Posted: 2 May,all,JackzxMars,"This has to be one of the greatest game I've ever played or should I called it a greatest 'Masterpiece' that I was ever touched.I don't want to spoil the storyline but the story was just amazing.It's not like 'others' game, you paid 60$ for it and you didn't get what you deserved to get. But this game, it's like you get more what you have paid. I didn't even regret for spending money on this.If you really love video games like I do but you haven't play this game yet, I don't know why on earth you haven't played it yet.After finished the game, I was afraid  that I couldn't play or find a great game like this anymore.Dear friends or stranger or whoever reading this that haven't owned this game,Trust me, 10/10 and a masterpiece that you'll afraid you never find a good game like this anymore."
76561197971766625,Recommended,292030,17978674,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,IroNMaN,"I've been gaming for well over 30 years.I've been PC gaming since before Windows even existed.I've long been an avid fan of story-driven RPG's, and there are not many out there I've not played. That being said, you can take my review with however large a grain of salt you may wish.To say the game is vast belies the true scope. The designers wisely guide you from quest to quest in a flowing, natural way, almost always part of the story. Note that I said ""guide"". There is rarely any pressure or situations that lockstep you into a given path. You are free to make choices that let you go as deep down the rabbit-hole as you wish to go.......and that hole is very deep indeed.""Story rich"" is a term that has a nice, general sort of meaning to it, but again, does not do the efforts of CDPR proper justice. The game is so tightly wound into the books, that unless you have read them, you constantly miss the references that are so beautifully woven into the tale. If you have not read the books, you don't lose anything, but you definitely gain so much more for the knowledge.The story, while deep and inviting, is marred a bit by the development of some of the characters. There are some that have a constant impact in the game, but the characters themselves feel somewhat shallow and undeveloped. Yennefer, for example: The character of the books is haughty, proud, complex, and passionate. The game character feels just b*t**y and moody.  Some of them, however, are just delightful and give you real reason to ""buy in"" to them (Zoltan and Dandelion come immediately to mind).The environment - I am somewhat of two minds about the environment. Aspects of it are epic...the vistas from on high can be breathtaking. The play of light through trees and the colors at sunrise and sunset are a visual feast. There is a great deal to lend itself to the suspension of disbelief that is critical for immersion into the game world. But there are some things that blow that disbelief up quicker than a grapeshot bomb.  The trees, bushes and grasses look very obviously two-dimensional. It was a disappointment that was lessoned somwhat by the variety in the landscapes, and the impact of weather on it, but it still was a bit of a jarring surprise when taken in context with the overall quality of the environment. Then there are the many inconsistencies in the way Geralt interacts with his environment (swimming on land, the inability to use terrain to your advantage in combat, getting stuck in trees, etc.).Combat is by far the best iteration of all the games in the trilogy. It still remains a bit clunky (having to go into inventory, then go to your potions/food/bombs tab, then select the bombs you want to use, then exit out of all that, to have to go into the wheel and select the bomb before you throw it.....is a real pain in the @$$..... would have made far more sense to allow the user to simply click on the bomb slot in the power wheel and get a pop up inventory of just bombs. Same for potions slots and special slots.)  But beyond those inconveniences, the blend of signs and attacks, coupled with dodging, parries, and combat rolls makes for an engaging, flowing combat experience. Some fights are simply acrobatic melees, while others require careful patience, waiting for the right time to strike, while maintaining a stout defense to avoid getting one-shotted.Now, all this having been said, I have to admit that I was more than a bit disappointed that CDPR fell into the same trap of American publishers: putting the game out before all the bugs were ironed out. There have already been 8 patches and still there remains a plethora of irritating bugs (inability to talk to certain npc's that you should be able to talk to without meditating for an hour first or the flank speed on boats not working are the two most immediate that leap to mind)Yes, there are pros.Yes there are cons.But even with the cons, I would easily match this to The Mass Effect Trilogy, or the Dragon Age trilogy, as one of the most enjoyable RPG experiences I've ever had in gaming. I've already played the game 3 times, back to back, and working on a 4th with the new Game + (which really is the exact same game with everything made higher level....I've not yet seen a benefit to this yet).Watching Geralt's beard grow as time goes by was just a huge giggle for me. It was a neat touch. Watching whales in the ocean broach by my boat as I sailed by gave me no end of delight. I parked Geralt on a mountain top in Skellige and watched an entire sunset.  I checked myself into Gwent Addicts Anonymous.Would I recommend this game? Without a breath of hesitation. Then I would immediately advise to take the bugs with a grain of salt, and get lost in this rather amazing world, and thoroughly enjoyable story.Go, and see just how deep that rabbit hole is."
,Recommended,292030,30621407,Posted: 19 March,all,Otakutu,Don't even think about it. Just buy.
,Recommended,292030,16313782,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Jim2point0,"I don't know if I can adequately explain why this game is as amazing as I think it is.... but I'll try.The GoodThe writingHands down, this game has some of the best writing I've ever experience in an RPG. The main quest feels very personal, and you actually want to progress in order to find out what happens next. The characters are all interesting and also incredibly well-written.The questsAgain, this game has the best side quests out of all the RPGs I've played. And that's saying a lot. Every quest seems to have at least some back story. There's typically at least a few forms of interaction other than just killing something and then returning to the quest giver. The decisions you make are never black and white, and usually involve some form of consequences. And FINALLY, you actually get to feel like a real witcher\monster hunter by taking on some really fun witcher contracts.The worldVelen and Skellige can both rival some of the largest open worlds out there in terms of size, and yet the level of detail and polish remains consistent throughout. Exploration is very rewarding. There's loot to be found everywhere, and little quests can be unlocked along the way to help you find even more treasure.Novigrad is a HUGE city, and you just walk inside without a hint of a loading screen. It actually feels like a living, breathing world. NPCs have daytime\nighttime routines, and will seek shelter if it starts to rain. Little things like that go along way to bring you into a world.Graphics and art designHow can I put this? All things considered, The Witcher 3 is probably the most beautiful game I've ever played. You must experience this game in motion, butfeel free to look through my screenshots if you need convincing.One thing that can't be seen in screenshots is the way everything moves and feels alive. And while the wind effect might seem overdone, it really helps to sell the atmosphere.The Witcher 3 can be rough around the edges and other games are definitely doing some more impressive things technically, but the overall Witcher 3 experience is definitely greater than the sum of its parts.The combatThis grew on me. At first I didn't like it. I didn't think signs were strong enough, and I was constantly getting my butt kicked. But then I learned how to dodge and counter properly. I learned how to use signs to my advantage, I learned how to stick and move, and start treating each encounter like a puzzle. Eventually I was punching WAY above my weight, taking on level 20 witcher contracts with a level 14 character. Now I love the combat and I'm always looking forward to doing the next Witcher contract.The BadControlsQuite possibly my biggest gripe with the game. Controls just feel clunky at best. I play with a mouse and keyboard, so maybe that is part of the reason... but movement in this game feels sluggish and unresponsive. Sometimes I'll try to move Geralt a little bit and he won't budge, and at other times he'll move too far and run off a cliff. Just turning around can feel like a chore as Geralt has a rather large turning radius. Even worse are the horse controls, which kinda feels like driving around a very large SUV. Constantly getting stuck on geometry and trying to maneuver around it is an ongoing, frustrating chore.BalanceEven on the largest difficulty, it doesn't take long for this game to become a cake walk. IF you enjoy the sidequests like I do, you'll likely spend a lot of time completing them instead of doing the main quest. The main quest is GOOD, but some of the game's best content can be found in the sidequests. And after 20 hours of questing, you'll probably find that the next step in the campaign is 5 levels below you and therefore not challenging in the slightest. There were several instances where I'd go up against an enemy that is supposed to be tough and intimidating... but I kill it in less than 12 seconds.Loot progression is also a joke if you do any kind of crafting. The witcher gear is probably better than anything the game will give you from monsters or chests. During your travels, you'll come across countless relic quality swords. And they may even have more damage than your current green sword. But witcher gear is highly specialized and usually compliment specific builds. Using a higher damage sword might actually gimp you if you lose a massive bonus to sign intensity, or adrenaline point gain.Other stuff...There's still so much I could go into. Replay value is probably lower since you only have 1 character to play as, but the game makes up for that with a much more personal and involved story. Gwent is probably a very fun card game, but I still haven't played a single game due to not wanting to dump a ton of time into it. Some day I will. Witcher sense is fun at first, but after a while it will feel like a chore. Having to hold down the button combined with the ridiculous screen effects really hampers my enjoyment of this commonly used mechanic. And you never feel like you're solving an investigation using witcher sense. Just looking for red stuff on the ground and following on screen prompts while Geralt figures everything out for you.ConclusionI can not possibly cover everything there is to cover about this massive game. But I can say that the good FAR outweighs the bad, and that this is is my favorite open world RPG of all time. I know that The Witcher series isn't for everyone, but I think you owe it to yourself to at least give it a try.And again, if you need convincing that this game is drop-dead gorgeous, have a look through my screenshots :)https://www.flickr.com/photos/jim2point0/sets/72157653074223832"
,Recommended,292030,16011508,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Kosmozuikis,"A masterpieceI have waited for this game since i finished the Witcher when it came out. Yes there was The Witcher 2, but i have waited for open world Witcher game since then. And finally my wait is over.This game is amazing. Finally we see Ciri and Yennefer, two major characters which did not appear in previous games and i so wanted to see them in a game. Second game was too linear and short for me. It had very little content, no real cities etc. I wanted to feel that Witcher soul, like in the books, all the traveling on horses, coming to the village which is filthy and devastated by poverty. You see all the blood, racism and cruelty.This is the first open world Witcher game. And the world is huge. It is pleasure to explore that huge world. Sometimes you find awesome treasures and sometimes you meet a quick death and sometimes you feel like a hero when you encounter some bandits and slaughter them chopping off their heads. The world is so alive and full of various creatures and monsters. Sometimes you don‘t even want to fast travel and you just ride the Roach (a horse name haha) and admire the beautiful world. The one of the best experience for me was when i have arrived into the small village at 4am. Everyone was sleeping, it was so peaceful and silent. Even the wind has calmed down. There was only one sound - a mosquito buzzing. That feel was amazing.The one thing everyone talks the most is the graphics. Some people are very unhappy that graphics was downgraded. Yes of course this was not a very nice move from CDPR that they promised better graphics and the final game came with worse graphics. But the graphics are still amazing. It‘s not revolutionary, but it looks really really good. You want to take screenshots one after another. If only there would be an option to turn off the hud with one button. Or even better – a photo mode like in Shadows of mordor. In short the game is gorgeous. Character models are good, but they could use some work. Same goes for trees. But this is only a very small flaw which is not very important.The performance is pretty good also. It could be better, but you can comfortably play while having a good graphics. Hairworks takes ~15fps away, but it looks really cool, i keep it on and have lowered some other less noticeable graphics options like shadows.Sound is another great aspect of this game. It makes the wonderful (a dreadful and horrible really) world even more alive. You hear the wind, the birds chirping, the monsters aaaaand the people spitting. The voice acting is good and it makes the awesome dialogues even more interesting.Story is amazing. Especially the side quests. This game has the best side quests ever. They‘re funny, cruel, sad and sometimes ridiculous (in a good way). The world of Witcher is very dark, full of torture,♥♥♥♥♥♥ violence and death. I love that CDPR made the world how it‘s supposed to be. The world changes after your decisions. You come back and you see that some things changed because of you.The Witcher 3 also is good for time travel. You sit to play for half an hour and suddenly you see you played for 3 hours.I love the combat in this game. Yes it could use some work, but i like it. It‘s fun to fight some stronger monsters. Maybe it‘s a bit hard against a group of weaker enemies, like Nekkers, but if you think before the fight you will manage. I love that they designed this game to be played using a controller.The Witcher 3 also has a game inside a game. It is called gwent. It‘s a card game and it can be really addicting. I have spend hours playing it.So far for me this is the best RPG ever made. I just can‘t think of better RPG game. It has everything – good story, graphics, gameplay, combat, world, characters.Thank you CDPR for this game. Definitely will buy the DLC.ProsGreat storyInteresting side questsAmazing graphicsGood performanceSuperb gameplayMusicConsEhm...no"
,Recommended,292030,16102561,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,☠✠☩ Mr.Nekator ☩✠☠,"Finally the epic finale for the story of Geralt of Rivia arrived.Combining the best of Open World RPG and story driven RPG CDProject tried to offer the best of both worlds, so to speak.While many say it is the next skyrim, i always had to think more of Red Dead Redemption in fantasy. Both games had a fixed main character, which is only so far customizeable, which is a big difference from Skyrims system. Also the dark and gritty settings, with their bit of melodramatic storyline, exploring all the mostly bad sides of humanity are quite similiar.Naturally the witcher has the plus of a more ""interesting"" background world, filled with magic, war and monsters, as well as being the finale to a story spanning three games and many books.Also CDPR did the trick to create an open world, which not only looks beautiful and offers an nearly unbelievable amount of possibilities to do, but also kept the content of the great amount of quests so unique that none feels the same.. and surely not like the boring MMO grinding stuff, for example some bioware products of late do.The characters are also very well made, and i surely couldn´t believe the stupidity of some ""gaming journalists"" whining about how Witcher 3 favors anti female and racist content. Anyways, naturally even this new RPG masterwork isn´t without it´s flaws. Sadly some bugs still can annoy players, one which even seems to be introduced with the last patch, disturbing some character models. Though i trust CD Project to solve this in due time.One of the other controversies about this game seem to concern the problems for a game, which is made both for consoles as well as pc to be optimised for both. While on the one hand some graphic options had to be tuned down, due to the limited possibilities of the consoles, the menus and texts, which were quite fine on pc, we´re often complained about by console players.This section confesses nearly all of the bad points for Witcher 3 though, there are very few things i can say about the actual game, which are really negative. Maybe that your witcher has to be a cleptomanic as*, who steals everything, which isn´t nailed down, to use it in the very innovative crafting system. Or that one of the new mini games, a card game named Gwent, steals way too much time of actual playing, since it´s addictional content.But all this fades against the atmosphere of a war-ridden Novigrad, where beggars and ♥♥♥♥♥s, meddle with fanatics and witch hunters.Conclusio: This really set´s new standards for open world as well as roleplay games imo. Definitive recommendation, not only for fans of Geralt."
,Recommended,292030,25821077,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Svirt,"This is not just a game, this is art.Developers took such a great care of it and turned it into a realmasterpiece.There is no need to praise this game for long hence endless list ofawardsWitcher 3 received speaks for itself.Do not wait and get involved today!10/10"
76561198131123840,Recommended,292030,33058762,Posted: 30 June,all,Harley Quinn,I have no words other than you need to experience this masterpiece yourself.
76561198066118331,Recommended,292030,16353155,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,CaptainCat hellcase.com,I will cut off my ear and sacrifice it for Witcher 4If u know what i mean :)
,Recommended,292030,30711925,Posted: 24 March,all,FlameTornado,"I'll never be able to describe the experience as a whole in words, the story and gameplay is just too much.The DLCs are amazing, price feels just right for the amount of content they add.I find this a very enjoyable game, beatifully made and written.Fighting is interesting although simple, the riddles are too much fun to solve,roaming the beautiful maps is amazing, listening to the music is exciting,and finishing the game is heartbreaking..I wish I had a meme or something to finish the review, but this game is worthy of much than that.I leave my heart here. The feelings the game awoke in me reside in this review.Feast on them, and know what a real game can make you feel."
76561198005880039,Recommended,292030,15976439,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,LazyAndy,The cons of getting this game:- Week's worth of lost wages from not showing up to work.- Gaining 3 pounds from junk food to subsist during marathon play sessions- Ire of friends for rejecting their social outing requests- Muscle atrophy from ditching gym for a week.-Dark circles under eyes-Pros:-Getting to play this masterpiece.10/10 would sacrifice again.
,Recommended,292030,34848794,Posted: 9 September,all,love it when i cant alttab,"After reading every book and playing all three games + dlc I can confidently say that The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt isn't a good game.It's a ♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece in not just gaming, but as a crowning symbol of human achievement in the arts of storytelling."
,Recommended,292030,28564409,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Dr.Riley Steele,"Here is my take on The Witcher 3 - The Wild Hunt Review.The World:It's a massive Gameworld with loads of things to explore.The Witcher is beautifuly detailed on every corner of the game, the attention to detail is absolutly outstanding.When you play the game you really feel like you are immersed in the world and it just feels as if the world is really alive and people would actually live there. There are beautiful landscapes, mountains, big cities, cavesystems, large fields with flowers and battlesides, just to name a couple of things. The wide variaty of Monsters and foes in general which you can encounter in the world is also something to mention.There are dozens of Books with additionally Lore you can read and get even more information about the World and it's history. The Npc's you can talk to often give you more detail about the stuff thats going on if you ask them about it.To put it simple: The world is well thought out and you can feel the history behind it.The Story:I won't go to much into detail about the Story cause I don't want to ruin and spoil your experience, all I can say about it is that it is a very personal Story to Geralt your Protagonist. He is looking for somebody and you need to find her. On your way you meet various other people (some friendlier than others) which Geralt knows from the previous Witcher Games or the Books.On your Journey you are more often then not forced to make consequential decisions which will impact the overall Story in quite a drastic way. You can't completely screw up however. In the World of the Witcher you might very quickly understand that there is no good or bad option, it's always a matter of your own perspektive and what you find is the right thing to do in the situation.The Quests:Witcher 3 has loads of Quests, it might go asfar that you might feel a little overwhelmed with the amount of stuff you tasked to do (or can do)The Story-related Questline is written very dense, tight and very personal. You feel really invested in keeping the Story going. I won't go into detail and spoil the fun.But there a Sidequests as well, dozens in fact. But not the boring ones like in many other Open World Games where you have to collect 15 of a specific item or need to escort Person A to Place B. No...every Sidequest has a real Story to it and Characters with motivation.There are also quests where you have to track down and slay specific 'Boss Monsters' or complete Treasure Map Quests. Additionally there are also lots of Questionmarks on the Map which you can visit and find Monsternests to destroy or Caves to explore.And there is even more, Gwent is a game within the game, it's a Cardgame which is relatively easy to learn and you can play against most of the merchants and sink time in by modifying your deck and test new strategies.The Graphics:You might have seen various screenshots of the game already, so i don't have to tell you how great the game looks, the wheathersystem is fantastic and makes the games even more dynamic in its looks and feel. Places you already visited look and feel extremely different when you travel to them again, perhaps in the dark or during a storm.The Mechanics:Geralt has a very particular set of skills which he can use to solve his quests or make the games even more rich in content and immersion. From the witchersense which you use to highlight important things in your surrounding or brewing numerous potions who can help you to see better in the dark, hold your breath underwater for longer or simply to restore health, there are dozens of those potions. You can craft or disassemble evey loot you find in the game to help get the ingredients you might need to craft different armour, weapons or potions or you can simple sell them for money.The skillsystem is also something to note, it's not particularly special but it helps you to deal with the enemies you encounter. (5% more damage, etc.)Then there are also the whitchersigns which Geralt can use in Battle, it ranges from simply cast fire and burn your opponent to mind-controlling your foes.The fast travel system is smart and there are lots of points on the map from where you can fasttravel to the place you desire. You also have a Horse (Roach) which is your trusty steed although it might be a bit of a hassle to get him to move in the right direction in some cases. But never the less a welcome addition in case you don't want to walk to your next destination.The DLCs:Nothing to complain here. It fills the void you feel after completing the Main Game with additional content such as: new well written characters, new story and sidequests and in the case of 'Blood and Wine' a completely new World Map to explore.It's defenitely worth the asked price and adds around 20-40 hours of content to an already massive game. And you get even more mechanics such as dying your armour or developing mutations.Final Verdict:The Witcher is a story and content rich experience that keeps you playing and investigated for hours. The Open World is gigantic and beautifully detailed. The characters and NPC's have motivations and are well written. Quests are numerous and diverse. Although it's not particularly necessary, but playing Witcher 1 and 2 before, adds a more detailed understanding of the world and characters you meet during your jouney in Wild Hunt.With PC hardware getting more affordable and more powerful there is really no reason not to play this game. I played it twice and still feel I haven't seen it all. I would also recommend using a mod which lets you carry more loot (it doesn't effect you from getting achievements either).It's an absolute recommendation for everyone who enjoys Openworld Games or just likes story rich games.TL;DRWitcher 3 is probably the best game I've ever played, it's a massive Open World Game with tons and tons of content. It's incredibly Story rich with loads of quests and mechanics to keep you investigated for dozens of hours. BUY IT!"
76561198023982187,Recommended,292030,15987327,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Pinta,"Witcher games are like adult movie with a good story. You went for the boobies, but stayed for the plot.And Lambert with Eskel finally repaired that stairs.9.8/10"
,Recommended,292030,22864011,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Hapax,"There are on occasion certain convergences and synergies that give rise to human creations destined to transcend and expand the role and scope of art and storytelling. That's when these creations border on myth. What distinguishes them is that they are not exclusively the work of a single mastermind; instead they become collaborations that span across years, decades, and encompass the minds of several artists, writers, visionaries. Such is the Nietzschean mythology of DC/Marvel superheroes; such is the Darwinist mythology of Planet of the Apes; and such is the Slavic-Tolkienian saga of The Witcher.My personal maxim when it comes to games is: Gameplay is king; Story is queen. I have little to no interest in games with no story or even lore; and also no interest in games with only story (I'd rather read a book in that case). The seamless combination of both is what interests me the most, and very few games achieve this blend as Wild Hunt has achieved. This game is the embodiment of the perfect balance between gameplay and story.CDPR has achieved the highest effect a game can have on its players: making them wish that it never ends. For the last five months I have delayed and put off the ending as long as I possibly could, wishing that this game could last forever; that I could play it for the rest of my life, always finding new side quests, new contracts, new treasure hunts. But alas, all great things must end; it's what makes them great. And in this case, The Witcher series ended on an incredibly high note. The fact that the developer has decided to conclude the story of Geralt with this game, instead of finding a way to milk the franchise also speaks volumes of their integrity as artists.This is a game that is exuberantly alive: it bustles and teems with life. Walking through the woods, walking through a city, into a cave... you feel life around you, especially if you play with a good headset. The feeling of riding across the lands as the sun sets is something I'll never forget. I'd never played a game that felt so alive, so rich, so handcrafted in its minutest details. Some games came close, but probably due to limitations of technology and development cycle, they didn't achieve this level of liveliness and exuberance.I usually don't like cutscenes in most games, to be very honest, but in this game I couldn't get enough of it. The voice acting, the character animation, especially facial animation, is beyond anything we've come to expect from games in terms of quality, and most games now pale in comparison, seeming lifeless and dull. No wonder some critics said that it ""defines next-gen"": this game is technically and artistically unparalleled, and it should set a gold standard to be aspired to by all AAA devs in the coming years. Not that most of them will ever achieve something this great, but they should at least aspire to greatness.There are moments where its writing is at its best the fewer words are used: Geralt and Ciri trashing a certain place was particularly brilliant. But the writing here is among the best a game has ever seen. From my own personal preference, only the writing in Fallout: New Vegas could equal the writing in Wild Hunt. The variety of soundbites in cities and villages, the different personalities ascribed to vendors (a blacksmith mourning his son, an armourer who is not what he seems, a grumpy merchant, etc etc etc)... From the very first quests, the inner life shown by these characters is simply staggering: a lone hunter in the woods, a very minor character, who considers himself a freak, has more inner life than most protagonists in most games out there.This brings us to the question of empathy. Here we feel such empathy for these characters, even as we know that they are nothing but a complex arrangement of ones and zeroes (technically speaking) and we feel for even the most despicable among them, such as the Bloody Baron. Only in TV series such as The Sopranos and Breaking Bad have I felt such empathy for men whom I would personally loathe if I ever came across them. This is top-notch writing in action. We care for the characters in such a way that it’s hard to hold back the tears at certain points in the story. The only complaint I have, as some others have as well, is that the main villains are not as developed as they could be: Imlerith and Eredin in particular could have been much more interesting, as even minor characters came out more interesting than them. Especially compared to Letho, the villain in Assassins of Kings, the villains here are very flat. It is a minor complaint, though, in the grand scheme of the game.On to the gameplay. The investigation component, though not exactly innovative, is employed so deftly that it makes for one of the most satisfying elements in the game: finding clues and picking up scents is just fun and it makes you feel like a supernatural detective. I know some players had objections to the combat, but I have no complaints whatsoever. Especially on higher difficulties, it is clever, tactical, challenging and just plain fun. You don't have to mash your buttons or click your mouse to death here, instead you have to pace yourself, prepare for each fight, try to get the right oils and signs and bombs ready. It can be awkward sometimes, but that's a matter of skill. The better you become at combat, the more surgical and graceful you can become, which makes it extremely fun and satisfying.As an RPG, well, purists may argue that The Witcher series in general is not a true RPG because you will always be Geralt of Rivia: you will always be bound and limited by his personality, skills and fighting style. Yes, true enough. But within these bounds there is a freedom to build a character that is unique, not only in the dialogue choices that ultimately impact the story, but in the way you approach the world and what you do with it.In terms of mechanics, I have had no problems whatsoever. Not a single crash, only some very minor and mildly amusing glitches. As I said before, this game is technically unparalleled. CDPR's engine is the perfect expression of Clarke's third law: advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. Apart from some shoddy textures here and there, the game is truly magical in its beauty and scope. It is an open world without invisible walls, where the sky and the oceans are the limits.The soundtrack is a work of art in itself. For the past two months I've started reading the books while listening to the soundtrack, and it makes for a very satisfying combination. It fills you with longing and transports you to the world of the Witcher while your body sits there in the bus, going to work or wherever. It is that good, seriously.Flawed as only the greatest masterpieces can be, Wild Hunt is a tour de force to be reckoned with. It is a world built by some of the most creative and innovative minds in the games industry; it is a game carved and handcrafted as a labour of love with only the varnish of commercial value. Wild Hunt redeems the videogame medium; it elevates art and storytelling to a whole new level that we can only hope will come to be imitated, however imperfectly."
,Recommended,292030,15894517,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Kairotic,"Day 1 Review:Pros- No crashes- Beautiful graphics (seriously)- Runs smooth on a mid-range machine- Top-notch atmosphereCons- I haven't seen boobs yet*Actual Initial Impressions* (will continue to update)Relevant Specs:i7 2600k @ 4.4GHzGTX 680 w/ 4GB RAM8GB RAMWindows 8.1Actual Pros:- Performance on my system has been better than expected (50-60fps @ 1080p). I am running postprocessing and the majority of the graphics options on HIGH. I have the hair-effect turned off as it does degrade my FPS.- The world feels alive. From the wind blowing through the trees, to the dynamic weather system, to the wild life running through the forest, nothing stands out as generic or as an asset that was placed into the world without thought. The first two areas are more organic than any other game I have personally played.- The side-quests are varied and offer up much more than fetch this or kill that. Many are investigation based and require multiple steps to complete.- The UI has taken a MASSIVE step forward from The Witcher 2. What was once a clunky mess is now fairly intuitive and streamlined. There is room for improvement, but clearly the developers have learned from their past mistakes.- The graphics are beautiful, but please don't expect a fully modded Skyrim or iCEnhancer GTA4 level of detail. Again, the developers seemed to be more concerned with making a world that feels organic and vivid than throwing 24k textures on everything. It's the art, color, and texture cohesion that really makes the graphics standout from other titles.- The dialogue and voice acting are on par or better than most action RPGs I have recently played. I have yet to encounter two NPCs that I felt were using the same voice actor. The only generic voice in the game is probably the protagonist, but that is by design.- I have not encountered any bugs worth mentioning. Zero crashes and no broken quests is impressive for any game when compared to other recent major releases.Actual Cons:- While the soundtrack and game ambiance are very well done, the game suffers from sound balancing issues. For example, at certain times the sound level of voices will be much lower than everything else in the world, forcing you to read the subtitles.- There is an overuse of ""stage setting"" mini-cinematics, especially if you play in short bursts and load often. There should be an option to skip these and instead be able to read the suggestion text during a loading screen.- Level progression has been quite slow which has forced me to back-pedal a bit from the main quest to play catch-up. This may be by design, but placing you into an area that is for level 7+ while you are only level 3 isn't the best choice IMHO.Bottom Line: I will continue to play The Witcher 3 for the foreseeable future. It offers a blend of DA:I and Skyrim-esque gameplay with it's own unique lore, dynamism, and atmosphere that is truly enjoyable. Please feel free to ask any specific questions in the comments and I will do my best to answer them."
,Recommended,292030,22926522,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Frisel,Wow. Just wow. Do NOT buy this game IF YOU ARE PLANNING ON DOING ANYTHING IN YOUR LIFE. Because you won't have one for several weeks.This game is breathtaking. Amazing.
,Recommended,292030,30005319,Posted: 18 February,all,siiliprinssi,I don't want to buy the last DLC because I want to stay under the delusion that this game never ends
,Recommended,292030,15940869,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Zippa,"- Finds an abandoned village which is overrun by Ghouls.- Decides to deal with them and save the village.- Dies once beacuse my horse kicked me.- Manages to save the village later and everyone moves in.- Talks to a peasant who says “Thank you Geralt, for everything.” and “Godspeed your work!”- Then as I turn around to get on my horse he silently says ""Freak"" and spits.11/10 would liberate villagers to be called freak again.Oh, and if you don't like being called a freak, go to Toussaint. They are really nice there."
76561197995675400,Recommended,292030,25911236,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Thunder,"I'm the kind of person who doesn't like to hand out superlatives like ""best"". Normally whenever you try to unpack ""best"", it's normally hard to quantify, or at worst, empty rhetoric.That's why I was so surprised with myself. Around ten hours into The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, a question popped into my head. ""Is this the best game I've ever played?"" I tried to dismiss it, re-frame it into something more subjective, but the question wouldn't go away. So I decided, ""what the hell, I'll finish the game and ask myself that question again.""Now that I've finished the story, well... I think it is. From start to finish, Witcher 3 stands a full head and shoulders above every RPG I've played in almost every metric that matters to me. It has the most fully realized open world I've ever experienced. Its story and characters are deep and compelling. The game is immersive in ways I still can hardly believe. Its visuals are breathtaking, the music is fantastic. The amount of content--meaningful content, not flavorless side quests--is staggering.The WorldThe current trend in open-world games seems to be using procedural generation to offer playable areas that are more than anyone could successfully explore in a lifetime. But I'm sure you've played a few games that promise this and deliver a world that's wide as the ocean and shallow as a puddle. Witcher 3 is the opposite of this. Every inch of Velen, Novigrad, and Skellige that you encounter is lovingly crafted. This is one of the only games I've played besides Elder Scrolls games where you can literally set off in a random direction and find self-sustaining adventure.tl;dr: better game than no man's sky/10Narrative/CharactersThe main story is fantastic. The world of the Witcher is noticeably cynical, and the game uses this to its advantage. The story's conflict hinges around very adult fears and uses very adult themes to drive these points home. You spend the vast majority of the game looking for Ciri, Geralt's adopted daughter. She's not held in some magic crystal, trapped but otherwise safe--you don't know what's happened to her, all you can do is search and hope for the best.The characters you meet, both supporting characters and general NPCs, are excellent. They're well-written, well-voiced, and well-animated, and it's a joy listening to them and hearing more about their stories.The story is branching, but the amazing part is that I can't tell you by how much. Normally, it's readily apparent in games with choices where exactly the story branches, but this game does an excellent job at hiding the seams. The consequences of your decisions aren't readily apparent until sometimes hours of playtime after you make them.tl;dr: feels/10ImmersionI read reviews before buying this, and people kept saying the game was ""immersive"".I didn't believe that at first, but after playing the game, I can confirm that it's the strongest point of the game. You really do feel like Geralt of Rivia, an itinerant monster slayer who often gets wrapped up in things larger than the Path he walks. You feel like you have his powers--superhuman senses, reflexes, and an encyclopedic knowledge of supernatural monsters that the commonfolk only know in myths.The game is huge on player agency, allowing you to use what you know to solve problems as best you can. It's hard not to feel immersed when you're using your Witcher Senses to identify distant threats by sound.Immersive NarrativeAfter you've played a lot of games that allow you to make decisions, you start recognizing tropes. ""If you unlock a special dialogue option, take it--nothing bad will happen."" ""If someone tells you they're misunderstood, they normally are."" Very early in the game, I let rules like this influence my decision, and the game slapped my wrist for it. I blinked, but I didn't listen and tried again on a more major plot point. The game punched me in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ After that, I stopped trusting people at face value. I became willing to refuse people who I thought were lying to me. I started making decisions as Geralt of Rivia, instead of someone playing a video game. I almost always play RPGs as Neutral Good, doing what I think is right and helping everyone I possibly can whether they deserve it or not. The fact that a game could make me change this is absolutely massive.tl;dr: i'm a witchman/10ContentI already talked about how much there is to do in the world, but it deserves a special mention that this game is priced at $50. My total runtime for completion of the main story quest and maybe 60-70% of sidequests and exploration was around 120 hours. None of that time was grinding for money, experience, anything of the sort--just pure adventure. I've played AAA games for $60 that didn't have 1/4th the content this one does. Not to mention, the myriad of free DLC the game comes with, and the absolutely massive expansion packs that I've, at the time of this writing, just barely dipped my toes in. It really boggles the mind and makes you wonder what some of these other video game companies even think they're doing. After playing this game, if it was priced at $90 or even $100, I'd still say it was worth it. And I didn't even mention Gwent.tl;dr: i owe CD Projekt Red money/10Audio/VisualThe game is beautiful and runs exceptionally. I don't normally focus on graphics because it's more important to me that a game have a defined visual style, but Witcher 3 has one and it's beautiful. The music is excellent as well, carrying the desperation of life in Velen, the somber song of Skellige, and the carefree life (for some) of Novigrad.CombatThis is the only part of the game that doesn't sparkle as brightly. It almost doesn't feel fair to say that, as combat in this game is very good, it just didn't dazzle me like the rest. I began to outlevel the foes I'd encounter while exploring, which trivialized combat. The game has a very good crafting and skill system to bolster your combat, but when the combat itself didn't stress me, I didn't feel much of a need to come up with clever solutions to problems. I've upped the difficulty for my playthrough of the expansions, so if I need to adjust this section later, I will.All in all, this game is a masterwork. I'd recommend it to anyone who likes RPGs even a little bit. And for the foreseeable future, if anyone asks me what the best game I've ever played is, I will say the Witcher 3: Wild Hunt."
,Recommended,292030,33184225,Posted: 3 July,all,ProCryonicX™ [ᵇˡˢ],"One of the best games of all time!This review does not contain any spoilers for any major events in the gameThis review was cut short because of the Steam character limit:Full review can be foundHEREStoryThe Story of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt starts where The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings left of. The story itself is loosely based on the books by Andrzej Sapkowski. So the game has a lot of additional lore and history to go on unlike many other games where the story lacks history and background. There are some nods and hints to this in the game but not enough to where you would not understand a major point in the game if you have not read the books. The books are more like a guidelines than something the games follows extremely which is a good thing because it leaves the game with options unlike the books.One of these being the many romance options in The Witcher 3. The biggest one of these being having to chose between Triss Merigold and Yennefer of Vengerberg. This choice has left many fans arguing between which of the two sorceresses to choose. This is a testament to how good the story of The Witcher 3 really is. Unlike the books there are many choices throughout the game which the player gets to make. That is one of the fantastic things about the Witcher 3. It really immerses you in the story and you feel like you truly are making the story itself unlike some other games which only give you the illusion of choice.GraphicsSpeaking of stunning visuals the graphics of The Witcher 3 are gorgeous. Beautiful landscapes and even though the game is a couple of years old it looks better than most games that have come out to this day. Now a lot of people say that graphics aren't everything and while that may be true that does not mean that you should skip out on amazing graphics. This game is one of the most visually stunning and that really helps with the immersion. Even on lower settings this game still looks amazing.When speaking of graphics we of course have to mention performance and this game is amazing at that. I tried it out on my school laptop that is in no way meant for gaming and turned down every setting possible and the game still looked amazing and I even got around 40-50fps. For a laptop WITHOUT a graphics card that is amazing. My own gaming pc handles this game amazingly at ultra with many mods installed of course but that is to be expected for a pc with very high end hardware.Example of graphicshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1113303222SoundtrackThe soundtrack of The Witcher 3 is to this day one of the best soundtracks of any media whatsoever. It’s fits perfectly with what you are doing and comes on at the right times. When you are fighting monsters the music becomes epic and you feel like a true Witcher. When the romance cutscenes come on the music is mellow and relaxing and truly fits with the feel of the scenes.My two favorites are the music in Hearts of Stones (Gaunter o’ dimms soundtrack) which is truly terrifying when combined with one of the best characters in gaming history (more on him later). And the music that plays when you are in Beauclair that makes you feel like a true hero.This musicfits really well with the feel and atmosphere of Toussaint.GameplayThe gameplay of a game is what is most important to a lot of people in the gaming community and this game has good gameplay. The controls do not feel clunky and once you get used to it everything feels smooth. Some people do not think that the fighting is amazing but from what I have played I thought that the fighting was fine. Everyone has their preferences so there are mods that change the way the fighting feels and because of that the gameplay is good for those people as well but more on mods later.DLCHearts of stone:Hearts of stone is the smaller of the DLC and takes place in Velen and Novigrad.(Locations that you could already visit without the DLC). Because of this I believe that a lot of people take this DLC for granted and that it is very underrated. In this DLC we get introduced to one of my favorite characters of all time: Gaunter o’ dimm. This man can be truly terrifying at times and that combined with his amazing soundtrack that I wrote about before.This moment in particular was one of my favorite.Some children casually singing his theme. In this DLC you also meet a character from the first witcher game. I will not spoil who that is but she is a very beloved character and it is a nice way to show appreciation towards fans who played the first game. You do not need to worry if you have not played the first witcher game as that is not required to understanding the plot or story. In this DLC you will also have a chance of getting the viper witcher gear which is one of the best looking armor sets in my opinion. So I believe that this DLC is totally worth it for only 10€.Blood and wine:Blood and wine is the bigger of the DLC’s and let’s you visit a completely new area. The Duchy of Toussaint. It has an amazing atmosphere and reminds me a bit of France. This DLC is in my opinion the best DLC of all time and was even awarded; The Game Award for Best Role Playing Game. Yes a DLC got the award for best RPG game and that is totally deserved. The story is amazing, the visuals are mind blowing the soundtrack as said before is truly a work of art. I could sing of your praises all day long but you need to play it in order to truly experience what I am talking about. It also gives an incredible ending to The Witcher 3.FlawsAfter reading this review you might think that I am some Witcher 3 fanboy that can't see any flaws with the game but that is not true. No game is perfect and even a great game like the witcher 3 has it’s flaws. One of my biggest gripes with the game is that sometimes the developers do not properly communicate where they want you to go or what they want you to do. There are hundreds if not thousands of tutorial videos on quest simply showing that you were supposed to go to a specific point that was not shown on the map or that your were supposed to go to a completely different point than what the marker on the map was showing. For this reason I recommend having your phone or a second computer nearby to quickly search the name of the quest.Another con can be the horse movement. It can sometimes be very annoying to control roach and calling for him can be a pain in the a** at times but it is in no way anything big. Swimming can also be a pain in the a** sometimes but there are mods that combat this by for instance making it possible to jump in water which helps more than you would think.A minor gripe of mine in regards to the witcher 3 is that at times it feels like the game is pushing you to picking Yen instead of Triss. I know that this is an extremely sensitive topic and can be where the Witcher community shows its ugly side but I feel like the choices should be more balanced although a lot of the witcher 3 community thinks that there should not even be a choice at all. I understand that I am in the minority when I say that I picked Triss over Yen but I still feel like the choice should be more equal.Truthfully this game does not have that many flaws and that is not just as someone who loves the games. I’ve seen people who give negative reviews on the witcher 3 and could still not find any good reasons not to like the game.Final RatingMy final rating of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is: 10/10."
76561198036601679,Recommended,292030,16013718,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,☭把光荣属于俄罗斯☭,Every sidequest has a better story than skyrims´ and DAI main quests.
,Recommended,292030,15897950,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,marhan,Tutorial area took me 8 hours to complete.I regret nothing.Edit: Gwent should win the “Game Within A Game” award!
,Recommended,292030,16109413,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,UnderworldHades,-Come across a small settlement-See's bandits robbing the people living there-Decides to help by killing the bandits-Peasants call me a freak and join up with the bandits to attack me-Have to kill everyone now11/10 would save more peasants.
76561198105382147,Recommended,292030,17338139,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Great Prosperity,"hookers only cost 40 gold 10/10Update Steam Award Review: Still a good price, and gwent allows me to make more money"
,Recommended,292030,30180299,Posted: 25 February,all,✪Hollow2k,"There is nothing that can beat this game, CD Projekt Red did a wonderful job making this game, truly a masterpiece, huge respect. F*ck todays developers and publisher like Activision and Ubisoft with their money grab games, games released 5 years ago still cost at around 50€, The Witcher 3 was released just 1.5 years ago and is already 30€ and on sales at around 15€, please buy this game to support CD Projekt Red, they deserve it. I just can't explain this game for what it truly is, they f*king built a game inside a game (Gwent) which is a card game and I tell you it is groundbraking, sometimes I just play The Witcher 3 to play Gwent, you can play the card game with almost any merchant, to collect cards you have to beat them. And don't even get me started on the quests, get ready for an epic journey.10 out of motherf*king 10"
,Recommended,292030,16910740,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Primetime,This game is worth $60 just for the soundtrack.
,Recommended,292030,29607740,Posted: 31 January,all,GusDeCooL,"After completing this game you feel empty because got too deep into the game and don't want go back into real world. And when you back to real world, you will asking yourself. WHY NOT ALL DEVELOPER MAKE GAME QUALITY LIKE THIS!?The only thing i feel bad for this game: I SHOULD HAVE PAID FULL PRICE FOR THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,292030,17075521,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Alfred,Wind is howling.All we need is a Ciri standalone game.
,Recommended,292030,34662383,Posted: 1 September,all,Dark Horse,"Hey gamers out there,1) Have you ever wished having a hot girlfriend ?2) Have you ever thought about learning how to use swords ?3) Have you ever wished of fighting monsters, and chopping their head for bounty ?4) Have you ever wanted to own a mansion, your own vineyard, and a place to chill ?5) Are you a fan of Harry Potter, and wanted to learn magic ?6) Do you enjoy jungle trekking, swimming, meditating, but can't do it cause you live in the city ?7) Do you enjoy crying and being sad ?Fear Not !The Witcher 3 Is here.1) When you enter the game, it gives you a girlfriend. She is sexy, but no worries, you can change if it's not your taste.2) When you start the tutorial, it teaches you how to use a sword, and heck, even more, how to use bombs and potions3) Wander in the free to roam world and kill every monster you see. But always do a quicksave before fighting, just in case you get killed.4) For this part, purchase the DLC Blood And Wine. It's like another game actually, really long story, and you get a mansion for free !5) Igni,Aard,Axii,Yrden, And Quen. These spells make you a better Harry Potter, and even better, you don't need a wand. You use bare hands to cast magic. This increases the amount of women wanting to share a bed with you.6) Just do it anytime ! Nothing is holding you back, the vast world is yours ! I bet you can't finish the whole map within 25 hours.7) Just wait. When the game ends, it's heartbreaking. It's so sad I lost a part of me when I finished it. It's like your life has ended.My rating ?11/10It's better than real life. Believe me."
,Recommended,292030,26194543,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Lord N,"Thanks You CDR Project, for giving me great game.."
,Recommended,292030,34208533,Posted: 13 August,all,☣Pinhead☣ Farmskins.com,BEST GAME EVER█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Recommended,292030,31603799,Posted: 7 May,all,Custos,"So here I go with my review to Witcher 3 Wild Hunt or should I rather call this a thank you note to CD Project Red?Everything that needed to be said about this game has definitly already been mentioned in one of the previous 90k positive reviews. So this is just a very satisfied customer thanking this company for their amazing achievement, that is The Witcher 3. In a time where many companies such as Ubisoft and Electronic Arts charge the player base for every little expansion, this is most certainly a breath of fresh air. The people at CD Project Red have earned my respect and my loyalty and I am looking forward to seeing what else they will bring forth in the future.Thank You for this amazing experience."
,Recommended,292030,33680333,Posted: 20 July,all,PatrickS,"The Witcher 3... Damn what a game.In The Witcher 3, you follow the amazing story of Geralt of Rivia. The story takes quite some time to complete, around 40-50 hours for the main story only. Keep in mind the story can be a bit unclear at times, especially if you haven't played previous games but the further you get the better you will understand everything. People who did play previous games have the option to import their save files which will changes some small things in this part. Next to the well written story, there's a ton of sidequest. And this is where the game really shines. As i said before the main story is fantastic, it's well written, has interesting characters, choices you have to make that actually change the rest of the story and world and even some emotional parts. But the sidequests are where the game shines even more, especially if you compare it to normal RPG's. Sidequests have a lot of depth and instead of doing some random chores for people, you actually get involved in new story's which eventually lead to even more quest. Sidequests also have top quality cinematics.There's a lot of small activities as well. Discovering the world, taking part in races, fighting in brawls, treasure hunting underwater, crafting and a lot more. One of these side-activities called: gwent, deserves some extra attention. Gwent is a minigame in The Witcher 3, it's a card game and throughout the world you can collect and win cards to upgrade your deck. Gwent on itself is so big you could spend hours upon hours playing it. No surprise CD Projekt Red decided to bring out a stand-alone of it.Let's talk a bit about the performance of the game, cause the game runs really well. There are some small bugs like in every big RPG, but overall the game runs fantastic. Even on older systems, set on LOW the game runs and looks great.Combat is a bit of a grey area in The Witcher 3 when it comes to reviews. Some people say it's to easy and boring, and some say it's fine. If you ask me, the combat is okay. It could be improved for sure, but with higher level enemy's it's more than just spamming your mouse, you need to dodge, block and use some spells. One other thing i just have to point out is: How much I really appreciate the choices CD Projekt Red made regarding adult content. The Witcher 3 has no fear of showing some brutal moments, sex scenes and all of that stuff.While not afraid of showing these things, luckily the game doesn't over use them.One thing you can't overlook are the graphics. Damn this game looks amazing and perfect for testing what your PC can handle. If it can actually handle the game on ultra settings, than you're going to be blown away. Often i just stood there, appreciating how gorgeous The Witcher 3 looks. The game is even better for screenshot lovers as almost every location looks breathtaking. This combined with an absolutely amazing soundtrack makes running through the living world of The Witcher 3 a true original experience. The world feels alive, has a dynamic weather system, a day and night cycle and changes based on your opinions.Now, is The Witcher 3 absolutely flawless? No, it's not. No game is perfect, but The Witcher 3 comes as close as it can get. A few flaws however are small things like: Horse movement being hard to control at times, some missions are unclear about what to do now or where to find something and the economy could be improved since you end up with significantly more money than anyone around you.All together, there is no doubting here, just buy the game and you're going to love it for sure. It's an amazing game with beautiful graphics, a well written story, a living world and very few flaws. This is easily one of the best games i have ever played."
,Recommended,292030,24973240,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,johnny ratsmash,post-witcher 3 depression is a real thing
,Recommended,292030,28166991,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,AdamQ_Design,"""I hate portals"" - Geralt of Rivia, 1272."
,Recommended,292030,32868498,Posted: 27 June,all,Dolan,Stop looking at reviews and just buy it already.
,Recommended,292030,19575933,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,StrongCrayon,Triss Merigold makes this game awesome.I really enjoy havingFUNwith Triss.She has a very hotTEMPERand some incredibly firmBELIEFS.But I can always find a way to pound my bigIDEAS...... into her exquisitely beautifulMIND.
76561198053874008,Recommended,292030,25721884,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Ebayo,Witcher 3 + DLCs cost around the same than No man's sky.Choose wisely.
,Recommended,292030,15969866,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,-stepheN,"I liked taking walks to watch the sunrise and sunset before I purchased this game. Now I just bask in the beautiful sun rising and setting over the Northern Realm.100/10Seriously, this game is ridiculously good. It definitely sets apart from other games in RPG. Actually in my honest opinion, this game should be a genre of its own. The story telling is ineffably amazing! Even the decisions you made in Witcher 2 can alter the universe in Witcher 3. That's just mind blowing. I am definitely going to finish Witcher 2 after completing Witcher 3, then replay Witcher 3 with the saved files and see how different Witcher 3 will be.The quests in this game are always changing and exciting. I am a big fan of RPGs and have played several RPGs including Skyrim, Fallout, etc. but have always felt the stories were not captivating enough. I fell in love with this game after putting in 10-15 hours doing main and supplementary quests, slaying monsters on easy mode as I picked up the game mechanics. I have put in now 50 hours into the game over the past 5 days and have never felt bored or repetitive, and I don't even think I am halfway through the game yet. Each quest has a storyline that really hooks and connects you to the universe of the Witcher series whether it's a main quest or a side quest. Heck, I've done some quests that literally feature everything you can think of - slaying vampire, drunken sex with a transgendered elf (accidental of course), staging a play, watching somebody performing an autopsy, and many many more.Lastly, I am no English major but I find the writing in this game sensational! Reading glossary on different characters and monsters and listening attentively to the dialogue are extremely satisfying and enjoyable. Even the love letter you looted from a corpse or note collected from a throng of bandits are worthwhile to read thoroughly. And who freaking knew there could be so many kinds of monsters - specters, ogroids, insectoids, draconids, etc. After this game if there ever was an apocalypse, I definitely will be the monster slayer guru.If you are still for some reason wondering whether to pick up this game, I hope you'll find this review helpful. I seriously think this game is worth a lot more than $60 and I was happy to pre-order this game for $54. I am definitely picking up the DLCs.TLDR: Game is amazingly well-written through both main and side quests. Game developers were very thorough. Pick up this game.EDIT: Finished the game at 85 hours. Definitely was an emotional roller coaster, to say the least. Spent the following hour wandering around to finish random side quests but couldn't do it, felt so empty. Decided to buy Witcher 1 on Steam at full price to play the game despite its clunky mechanism, as well as the books and the comics. Also found out 16 free DLCs will be released before Heart of Stone. Definitely worth the purchase, down to every penny.Now back to applying for jobs."
76561198036540654,Recommended,292030,29723008,Posted: 5 February,all,MrSardineSorbet,"Some of the already few ""negative"" reviews simply compare the game to skyrim or complain about Geralt's beard mechanics. At the end of the day, you have to ask yourself a few simple questions:- Do I want a game where I care about the characters?- Do I want a game where choices matter?- Do I want a game with an optimized, fluid and variable combat system?- Do I want a game that's graphically gorgeous?- Do I want a game with beautiful women in it?- Do I want a game made by a developer which has shown time and again that they care about their fans?- Do I want a game with worthwhile DLC?- Do I want a game with great side quests AND a fantastic main story?- Do I want a game where I can behead medieval miscreants with a finely crafted steel sword?If you answered yes to any or all of the above, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,292030,26902269,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vince,"Ƭнιѕ ιѕ ιη тнє тσρ 10 gαмєѕ I нανє єνєя ρƖαуєɗ. I ωιƖƖ cσηѕιɗєя тнιѕ fяαηcнιѕє αѕ cƖαѕѕιc, ωιтн Ɯιтcнєя 3 вєιηg α cяσωηιηg αcнιєνємєηт fσя ƇƊƤR αηɗ яρg gαмιηg αѕ α ωнσƖє. If уσυ нανєη'т ρƖαуєɗ тнιѕ gαмє, уσυ αяє ɗєρяινιηg уσυяѕєƖf σf σηє σf тнє gяєαтѕ.100/10"
,Recommended,292030,18386482,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,BR34K,"10/10 - An outstanding masterpiece.I've put a lot of time into this franchise. I've read all the books, and I've now played all the games. Honestly I think CD PR Red has done a better job with the franchise than Sapokowski himself.Anyways, here are some pros/cons from my perspective.Cons:- Quite a bit of glitches, but still nothing compared to what games like Skyrim/Fallout has- Lack of scaling. After the first 10 levels the game is very easy even on the hardest difficulty. Using time on potions, oils etc seems pointless as you progress into the game. NG+ doesn't really deal with this well.- Controls can be a bit clunky- drunk steed- some points of interest seems forced, rushed, and ultimately a not so much interesting point.Pros:+ Extremely good voice acting+ One of the best open worlds in a game. The level-design is splendid.+ IMO the best characters in any game, it is simply stunning how well the characters are made. The greatest strength of the game. You quickly tie an emotional bond to the characters, and all the main characters are very interesting, and complex.+ How about a round of cards? Gwent, specifically?+ Brilliant soundtrack.+ Combat is versatile, interesting and challenging. First levels are very hard though. Variety of different signs and weapons to use. Expect something along the lines of Dark Souls in terms of moveset.+ Excellent graphics, and mostly very good optimization. I have a 980 and can do about 30 FPS in 4k(mostly 60 fps in 1080, but when it rains in the swamp it goes down to like 30 for some reason). This is one of the few games where NVIDIA's 4k setting really shines, as the textures in 1080p seem like garbage in comparison(check the trees, they're insane in 4k).+ Very good storytelling. The main story will keep most people hooked through the entirety of the game. I do wholeheartedly recommend to play TW2 before starting this however.The sidequests are the real surprise though, as I don't think anyone has put so much effort into sidequests in a game this big before. They are awesome.+ The sheer scale of the game. It is simply ridicolous. I have spent about 130 hours in the game on a playthrough. If you only care about the story and play on easy the game will take around 35-45 hours.+ Free DLCs, actual expansion packs; what's not to like?+ Mod support, with sort-of ok mod tools+ BEARD+ Choices in the game have a very great impact on the outcome of the ending(s).+ For those who read the books, the devs have done a good job putting in references here and there. Also, a lot of references to books, movies, games etc in general. You will chuckle.My verdict:I have had so much fun with this game. One of the very few games that have managed to get to me emotionally. It has without a doubt become one of my favourite games, of all time. It's hard to put my finger on too many negative things here. There is a lot that could have been done better, sure, but compared to other games.. I don't think a game has to be perfect to achieve a perfect score, and  based on the immensely enjoyable time I've had with this game, I give it a solid 10/10. I have played about 500 games, and this is the 2nd game I can give a 10/10 rating.I wholeheartedly recommend to play Witcher 2 first, as you will get considerably more out of the game. Witcher 1 has horrible combat, and is very VERY hard to get through. I honestly wouldn't even try it until after TW3."
,Recommended,292030,20241835,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Zhev,1st- Read the books if you can.2nd- This is the best game of all time.
,Recommended,292030,16009688,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Aeslerth,It only took me 40 hours to see a sex sceneExcept if you count seeing 2 bunnies humping each other
,Recommended,292030,15977345,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Tsaza,"""Fine."" - Geralt of Rivia"
,Recommended,292030,28777408,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Hybrid,"Great game, Beautiful story, Highly Recommended. One of the best games in a very long time. More developers need to take notes from CD Projekt RED."
,Recommended,292030,15976359,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Daviesaurus- Rex,"Dialogue/story, atmosphere, combat and graphics are all absolutely  incredible.Just hope your PC isn't Crappy.10/10 for the witcher, Geralt of rivia!"
76561198032805410,Recommended,292030,23094616,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,lewiz,"the more you play other games, the more you love Witcher 3"
,Recommended,292030,16017063,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Fablewynd,"Respected and renowned film critic Roger Ebert famously said: ""Video games can never be art. To my knowledge, no one in or out of the field has ever been able to cite a game worthy of comparison with the great dramatists, poets, filmmakers, novelists and composers.""It's a shame he didn't live to see this game."
76561198101691913,Recommended,292030,18590682,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,⎠⎞Pegasus⎛⎝,"Gwent is love, Gwent is life."
,Recommended,292030,25803766,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Peace,The Definition of RPG
,Recommended,292030,30880814,Posted: 1 April,all,Mcká,Witcher 3 = The life of Geralt of Rivia = Perfection
,Recommended,292030,25263271,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Marshal Monty,"Fantastic game. Basically you start with a small deck, not too powerful but it lets you beat a few innkeepers. As you win you collect more cards, which is great because there's literally always someone to play against. Absolutely wonderful strategic card game, a solid 9.5/10.There's also, like, monsters, boobs and♥♥♥♥♥♥like that, whatever. Don't worry it doesn't interfere with Gwent."
,Recommended,292030,16020673,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Syynx,I got a haircut and the barber got it wrong because he was drunk.12/10
,Recommended,292030,15965803,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,riloz,Sold CS:GO knife for this RPG masterpiece10/10
,Recommended,292030,16088331,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Dan | Greuceanu,"Ever wanted to play the best RPG ever? Well now you have it! Words can't describe this masterpiece so I can only say this: PLAY IT!Witcher 1 had the atmosphere, Witcher 2 had the colour and Witcher 3: Wild Hunt has it all. It's all you can ask from a fantasy game.With no doubt GOTY 2015 and for me - the best damn game I have ever played! 10/10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rmo9CraqYKQ"
,Recommended,292030,24412473,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Eximiron,"Game is good. No, great. No, the best!I'll say what nobody would ever say out loud: BETTER THAN SKYRIM😎"
,Recommended,292030,22902722,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,xndly,100/100 This is how games should be.
,Recommended,292030,32659715,Posted: 22 June,all,Ragnarrok,"Easily one of the better role playing games of this generation.The combat may be a tad clunky and you might run into some bugs here or there, but that does not impede the enjoyment you'll receive whilst playing. The game nails the atmosphere of a war torn, fantasy world.You'll take contracts from villagers to relieve them of their monster riddled worries. Spend time learning about your enemy and prepare a variety of potions and bombs to help you. Go the extra mile and accept no reward so the villagers can sleep easier, or haggle for higher pay.You'll face the horrors of war and walk a fine line between both sides.The choices you make having a severe impact on the outcome of said war.You'll sail a boat under a starry night, hearing the sound of whales in the distance as a sense of calm washes over you. You might get ambushed by sirens or other things lurking in the sea, though.You'll fight monsters, giants, otherworldly beings - and more often than not: humans, dwarves and elves.You'll sit for a few drinks with old friends, new friends or even strangers. You can play cards with them, and take bets too.You'll have to make morally grey choices in several instances. There's no right or wrong answer, and you'll have to live with the consequences.You'll take part in assassination plots, romances (ones that don't even feel forced), daring rescues and even travel to other worlds. You'll even argue with trolls, just like you do daily on the internet.You'll hunt for treasure and long lost artifacts belonging to sorcerers and warriors long past.You'll find yourself engrossed in the main story, and many of the other subplots and side quests. Completing a quest feels rewarding - and you will most likely stop to admire the sunset along the way.FREE DLC and expansion passes that have more content than some standalone AAA games out there.CDPR put a lot of love into this game while making it, and it shows."
,Recommended,292030,20182510,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Crusader,"God damn it. This game, people. This game. It is perhaps one of the best video games to have ever been created, definitely in the top ten. The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt has everything a gamer wants from a game. It has an amazing combat system, an interactive story where your choices truly do matter in the end, an awesome, charming, and tough protagonist - in both Geralt and Ciri, awesome side characters, an amazingly detailed environment and world filled with things to do and see, eye-popping graphics with plenty of room for optimization or further eye-poppiness by the player based on their needs, and an interesting take on character building elements.I've always flirted with The Witcher games. I've played both of the predecessor to The Witcher 3, but never really got into them. They just didn't immerse me as well as The Witcher 3 did. So even if you've never played any of the previous games - don't be too worried. You'll find that everything can still be well understood by a total newcomer to the series, thanks to an in-game encyclopedia all about the characters you meet. However, I do still recommend reading a bit about the plot from the previous games so you can have a better feel for what's going on, and what some characters are referring to when they refer to past events. I, for one, will probably eventually find myself completing the other two games just because I loved this one so much.The thing that this game has best going for it, out of all of its awesome traits, is its amazing, well thought-out story and world lore, and its awesome main protagonist, Geralt of Rivia. Geralt is perhaps one of the most well-developed characters of all time when it comes to video games. He is a total badass, and whether he uses that badassness for good or for evil is up to the player in most situations. Geralt is the truest neutral one will ever find in an RPG. In this story, all he cares about is looking for his adopted daughter, Ciri - and he will do whatever it takes to find her, and to protect her from the otherworldly and immensely powerful Wild Hunt. The story follows Geralt as he goes to great lengths to find Ciri, and then to protect her as the Wild Hunt closes in. Sacrifices will be made, and hard battles will be fought. Yet Geralt doesn't hesitate when it comes to making sure Ciri knows that she is loved, and knows that he will do anything to keep her from being captured by the Wild Hunt, who plan to use her unique powers to invade this world - killing her in the process, most likely. God damn it people, if you play this game for no other reason - play it for the story. It is a story that needs to be told to all with eyes to see and ears to hear.But the main story alone isn't all the game has going for it. In the world, Witcher Geralt has plenty of things to do beyond search for Ciri. Each town you find has a notice board that you can use to pick up contracts for Geralt, all of which involve hunting down legendary beasts and sometimes solving old mysteries surrounding these beasts. Some of my favorites involve hauntings and ghosts - but there are plenty revolving around all sorts of other mythical creatures.In conclusion, The Witcher 3 is a game that deserves your money, and deserves your time. CD Projekt Red have put so much thought and care into this franchise, and have definitely made the last game in the series their magnum opus, and a need to own game. And, CD Projekt Red are perhaps the most communal based developer/publisher out there - releasing tons of free DLC to enhance user experience, and releasing two planned paid DLCs - the first of which is only $10 and has received nothing but positive reviews - and is an entirely new story revolving around Geralt of Rivia. If you have yet to purchase this game, I highly recommend it - and think that this game should be at the top of your ""to buy"" list. It is a perfect 10/10 video game, and one of the few we have had in years on the AAA scale."
,Recommended,292030,16051561,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Lenny,I Threw a baby in an oven.10/10
76561198121028566,Recommended,292030,16055735,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,SatanicGeckoFromHell,"From the reviews, you already know what to expect from this game.You buy this game expecting a strong engaging story with side quests that actually makes you feel invested in the world of witcher.Until, you discover Gwent.You will then realise, you bought this game to play Gwent.Gwent is love, Gwent is life."
,Recommended,292030,15977152,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,WarDemon,Best. Game. Ever. Made.
,Recommended,292030,29569568,Posted: 29 January,all,cyfra,I played for 12 hours straight one day and cried at the end 10/10 best game ever made.
,Recommended,292030,28191843,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Chocodaze,"The Witcher 3: Wild HuntTL;DR Masterpiece, essential purchase.The Witcher 3 is without a doubt, one of the best games i have ever played.Having bought it on both PS4 and PC and put god knows how many hours into this game combined  i can safely say that this game is a masterpiece, its not flawless, but damn near perfect.+ Fantastic Characters+ Great story and side stories (DLC's were fanstastic too)+ Heavenly soundtrack, godly songs.+ Good sound, high quality sounds very immersive.+ Easy to pick up yet complex combat system, combat is strategic, satisfying and especially so when mastered.+ Breathtaking graphics, i could walk around for hours in absolute awe.+ Interesting creatures, with in depth history in the bestiary.+ The option to romance NPC's+ The open world feels alive and real.+ No loading screens between entering houses and caves.+ Quests that actually matter and have consequencesAs for flaws, well?- Controls can be clunky, *cough* swimming *cough*The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is so good, it has ruined every other game for me, fml.The standard for AAA games is currently sitting at a godly status."
,Recommended,292030,15993878,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Tross,I was so close to a threesome.
,Recommended,292030,24067045,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡Ɣ∈ηΦɱ,"With 60+ hours under my belt I've still yet to complete the main quest during the time where this review was written.That's saying something.~ 2nd July, 2016""Lie still, lie silent, utter no cries. 'Cause the witcher brave and bold, paid in coin of gold.""StoryFollow the infamous 'White Wolf' Geralt of Rivia, as he undertakes numerous quests and errands in the expansive open world RPG that is known as The Witcher 3 : Wild Hunt. Geralt learns of an unexpected return of a familiar name & face: Cirilla, whom is in the crosshairs of the Wild Hunt for reasons that are yet to be discovered. It would be too hard and complex to fit in all the details regarding the story, but hey, as mentioned before - 60+ hours and haven't even completed a quarter of what this game has to offer.GameplayThe first thing I noticed when playing this game was it's beautiful setting. The infamous fortress of Khaer Morhen would be the first thing that you would lay your eyes on when starting up this game. The controls are surprisingly comfortable regardless if you're using a controller or a keyboard. I've encountered nearly zero bugs or glitches along my time, a few speech slurs here and there, but minor setbacks as they do not affect the experience that is presented before you.SoundtrackThe Witcher 3's soundtrack is phenomenal, a perfect innovation towards medieval-fantasty music, the bards in an inn, the performers on the street and the unforgettable tune played by individual characters in the game which I'll leave to your imagination ^^ . Ambient music in the game is unparalleled compared to modern RPG's to date. It changes depending on the stance Geralt is currently in, the calm voice Joanna Lacher along with the instruments performed by Percival, or in combat the banging of drums and the strumming of string's in a solemn pace. F***ing perfect.CombatSimple mechanics in combat, new Witcher players are recommended to practice it a bit 'cause in overwhelming fights such as 5 - 1 it can be hard to know how to dodge or parry at the right time. But once combat is mastered, slicing through enemies should be no problem.Combat mechanics have varied from preious Witcher titles and does requires a bit more thinking into your decisions instead of barbaric swinging. Most of the conflicts you encounter would require combinations of fast and strong attacks, dodging and countering whilst also putting your Signs to good use.Kill, kill, parry, mash left mouse button and Q. Simple.ConversationY'know, this is the thing that Fallout 4 lacks, interesting conversations. Though the option's that are presented to you when conversing with a character aren't much different, but at least it presents it's options in a way that I understand what the f*** I'm getting myself into. Witcher 3 doesn't offer this bullsh** :Yes↑No  ←   → Sarcasm↓MaybeIt offers a lot more depth and clear designation, not the best speech setting compared to other RPG games & other Witcher titles but it's definitely a step forward from Fallout 4.DLC & ExtrasLearn from your mistakes EA you f***ing cu**sIt gives you free DLC, and expansion packs that feel like a completely different game & story. Don't be like Creative Assembly, don't be like EA, be like CD and give free DLC away :) .Pros, cons & ratingsPros+Excellent setting and dynamics+Graphics are stunning, even in the low setting! [Recommend High/Ultra though]+Smooth & easy combat+Free DLC ( o3o)+Interesting & unique characters+More than 300-400+ hours of questing (expansion packs included)+Zero to little bugs/glitches+ * Cough*Woo'ing the ladiesCons- Needs more expansion packs, I don't want it to end ;-;RatingsSectionRating /10Gameplay10Soundtrack10Combat10Conversation9.9DLC & Extras10Overall VerdictThe Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a masterpiece of masterpieces. During this age of RPG failures, this game has had its doubts and its concerns, and many have thought it to be a disaster, but it has emerged a crowning achievement regarding RPG standards and has achieved beyond.The Witcher 3 deserves an outstanding:10/10A perfect game for those interested in fantasty-medieval-RPG games, given such a score regardless of its glitches and bugs.Now excuse me while I throw my life away. Ciao."
76561198039374340,Recommended,292030,17116598,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Obee Loc,Wow dude! You know... like wow... Just wow.Wow
,Recommended,292030,23058055,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Zero Summ,"Simply one of the best RPGs ever made.Update 3/21/17: Finally got around to beating the Blood and Wine expansion.Pros:Gorgeous graphics engines, with an extensive graphics settings menu. Breathtaking landscapes, excellently modeled characters and monsters. This game looks fantastic, especially if you have a powerful rig.Great combat system, deep customization and a plethora of unique consumable items lets you tailor your abilities and actions to your play-style.Controls are precise and responsive.Wonderful, immersive storyline. Even some side quests felt like their own adventures.Characters are intelligently written, and brilliantly voice acted.Massive world.Multiple endings, new game+, engaging difficulty modes creates high replayability.Unafraid to tackle difficult themes, presenting you with choices and consequences that are complex and difficult. Instead of the usual: ""Are you a good guy, or bad guy?""Update 3/21/17: Coming back to the game after taking a year off, I have to say. CDPR really outdid themselves with the sheer amount of quality of life updates they've managed to pump out in the time I've been gone. It's so much smoother, and easier to interact with. Bravo guys. I can't wait to play Cyberpunk 2077. Take your time.Expansion Packs:Hearts of Stone: Amazing. Absolutely pick this up. I might actually like this story better than the main campaign. It's close. Well worth the money.Blood and Wine: A really great sendoff for Geralt. I adored this expansion. It's everything you love about the Witcher shrunk down into a great standalone experience. I have to admit my favorite parts of this expansion are also possibly the goofiest quests in the Witcher franchise. I don't want to spoil it for anyone, so I'll simply say: ""Faerie tales. Goodness, Gracious.""Neutral:Lots of repeated open world side content, specifically: Monster lairs, bandit camps, hidden treasure, and smuggler's caches. There's nothing wrong with them per se. It's not like you need to do them, they just get old after awhile.Cons:Can be a bit fetch quest heavy at times.Directional movement can be a bit wonky, but honestly you get used to it."
,Recommended,292030,26005137,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,[StwA] Asbestbrezel,"thats not a review this is a statemant.In the last 21 years of videogames is Witcher 3 ""one"" of the best RPG games I have ever played.It is not a game it is an experience.and after 137hours I was not yet in skellige to search Ciri  :DWitcher 3 eines der besten RPG Spiele dich in 21 Jahren gespielt habe.Die Spielwelt ist Riesig mit einer genialen Story Line, die euch sehr schnell packt, dabei helfen die gut inszinierten Zahlreichen Nebenquest die ebenfalls ihre eigene schöne Geschichte erzählen. Und starke Anspielungen machen auf den Vorgänger Witcher 2.Witcher 3 ist das ""für mich"" Perfekte RPG warum ?Es spielt sich nicht wie ein Gewöhnliches RPG, man hat eher das Gefühl man liest einen guten Roman in dem man Wirklich aktiv ist. als vergleich könnte man sich das Buch / Film Die Unendliche Geschichte vorstellen.Man ist auch nicht in wenigen Stunden durch mit dem Spiel, das Spiel macht einem sogar die Nebenquests schmackhaft, oder um auch mal alle 2 Meter in einem Dorf / Stadt stehen zu bleiben um die Dialoge zwischen den NPCs zu hören weil diese Anspielungen machen auf mögliche Quests. ich habe 137 Stunden gebraucht um überhaupt nach Skellige, also ins nächste Gebiet zu gehen, weil ich jeden Ort, jede Quest, oder Herrausvorderrung gemacht habe auch habe ich an schönen Orten mal einen moment lang verweilt um die Spielwelt und Sound zu genießen.Wenn man dann mal eine kleine Entspannungspause mit einer tätigkeit oder mal länger in einem schönen Dorf verweilen möchte, hat man ein kleines Minispiel, das sich Gwent nennt. Ist ein Kartenspiel, für die ihr Karten bekommt. Auch dazu gibt es eine schöne und sehr lange Questreihe.Die Storyline kurz und Knapp, ihr müsst jemanden suchen der Verschwunden ist und gejagt wird.Hier werde ich nichts verraten, denn schon am Start des Spiels wird darauf aufmerksam gemacht, und mit der Zeit gehen die Quests schnell in die Emotionale ebene und wie auch in Fallout 3 hat mich hier wieder eine Questreihe mit einem Baby sehr bewegt. Daher will ich diese Momente niemandem Spoilern.Dieses Spiel ist ein Meisterwerk, und wie ich meinen Englischen kollegen schon geschrieben habe. Dieses Spiel ist weniger ein Spiel sonder mehr eine Erfahrung.Alles in diesem Spiel ist in Einklang gebracht, Spielwelt, Sound, Zeitalter, Geschichte, Charaktere, Hauptgeschichten, und Nebengeschichten. Es ist einfach nur Wahnsinn.Hier gebe ich nicht nur eine Kauf Empfehlung, das ist ein must have Spiel. Das darf in keiner Sammlung fehlen.Ich werde hier bewusst nicht auf Pors und Cons eingehen, weil es für mich einfach kaum negatives gibt, was so störend ist das es erwähnenswert ist. Zudem würde ich mir das Spiel selbst madig machen, wenn ich es gezielt nach positivem und negetaivem absuchen würde. Macht eure Erfahrung und beurteilt selbst. :-)Ist wie Sex, wenn man es danach Kaputt redet, ist der Spaßfaktor weg.In dem Sinne viel spaß mit Witcher 3"
,Recommended,292030,22789738,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,.Sn4ke 天 [Ryzen][Gigabyte],"All I can say is, that The Witcher is to video games, what The Lord of The Rings is to movies. Fantastic story telling, superb voice acting, beautiful graphics, excellent music score, what's not to love about this game? If you have read the books/novels you will find A LOT of references to them, and as the saying goes ""the devil is in the details"", you will wind lots of wonderful little details that tie into the story on the books.I would totally recommed this story driven RPG to ANYONE.1000/10"
,Recommended,292030,23321075,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,♥ Anfield Caddie ♥,"Now this is the end.I am quite sure that this is the best game I played in recent few years. It should be the best RPG and I strengthened my faith when double DLCs issued. I've spend lots of time in it, really enjoyable and funny.Thank you, Geralt of Rivia; Thanks, CD Project Red.-  'Would u like a Gwent?'   -'Sure, why not?'This is The Witcher 3, how can u not love?"
,Recommended,292030,16046767,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Marshall of the Templars,"""The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt...its the best thing that ever happened to me in my whole life.""- Conan O'Brien"
76561198043143114,Recommended,292030,31371362,Posted: 26 April,all,PapaZola,"10/10- Huge, coherent and immersive game world- Game systems and storyline both engage- Beautifully rendered characters and scenery- Crammed with interesting quests, side-quests and activities- Geralt a more mature and sympathetic lead"
,Recommended,292030,23516406,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Captain Gamer,"The Witcher 3 : WILD HUNT is an action open world game devoloped by cd projekt red .This masterpiece was released back in 2015 (may). However i am giving my review nearly after a 110 hours of gametime.Gameplay :May be on of the best gameplay i ever played , but the most important thing of this game is u only get the best experience the  time when u moderately upgrade geralt's  skills and abilities . Thanks for the  development of  REDengine 3 for witcher 3 which thrown an output of these ""open world freedom"" with tons of elements to do with a merged story line .Frankly i am excited for Cyberpunk 2077 the next game from these devs!......! 10/10Graphics:Well Graphically witcher 3 is a beast ,the surroundings and environments are photorealistic  and upto the highest point . The only game so far used 30% more of my processor power. Eventhough i ended up with medium settings the graphics looks stunning and soon i want to play at max out settings for eye candy sake!..! 10/10Combat:Well as said above the best combat system can be experienced once geralt's bag is filled up with a good portion of upgrades! .The dodge system is perfect ,the combat system may changes sometimes depending on the circumstances ur in. But once u take time to upgrade witcher skills, u will love the combat ...10/10Voice acting:This is my favourite part of the game .Each and every character in the game has the best voice acting ever set in a video game . Never before never again ""It took 2.5 years to complete all the voice recording for The Witcher 3."" Thats enough??...... 10/10Level up system:Thumbs up for devs they make the player to play the sidequests, witcher contracts etc. which ultimately increases the level and takes the player to the best experience as possible.....10/10Conclusion:Well i can say i played an epic and recommended an epic . Yes the best game i played! Sorry grand theft auto ur my second best now sadly !!!!10/10""Your fairy tale, your rules"""
,Recommended,292030,15929054,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Spycer42,"Absolutely worth buying. This game deserves its high ratingsSome pros:- Huge open world with lots of details- Boobs- Nice landscape with fields, forests, mountains, rivers and more- Some huge cities with hundreds of NPC walking around and doing stuff- No load screens, just open the door and get in- You can enter every house in the villages, not only Inns and shops- Windows are windows, you can see the whole world from inside of any building- Lots of different locations, many areas to explore- Many different creatures- Very deep and breathtaking story- Plot twists everywhere, crazy magic stuff, curses, etc- Huge amount of various quests- All quests have some deep story and characters- English voice acting is very good, multiple accents- Takes few hours to finish some quests- Witcher contracts, in which you have to speak to people, gather information, investigate, track the beast, etc- You have a lot of choices and their consequences- Beautiful and epic OST- Amazing graphics, very colorful- Graphics looks nice even on lowest. Just max the textures for details- Characters faces are very detailed, looks almost like cinematic- Good optimization in big cities - you have 30-50 NPC just in front of you and no fps drop at all! I've expected huge drops in Vizima, but it's just like everywhere else- Controls, i think they are very easy and simple. Though some players don't like them- Potatoes, very cheap but effective- Boats, you can break them in pieces and sink- Your own horse- Horse races- Fast travel signs, located in towns and villages. You can also fast travel between ports, when on boat- Beard grows!- No game breaking bugs. Almost no bugs, you just don't notice them usually, game has so much good stuff to doAnd much more...Cons:- Some players have multiple crashes. I may had few crashes, but once per few hours, and it may be related to hardware.- Won't run on a weak PC. That's obvious, you want some good graphics and huge open world - you need a decent PCCan't find any significant cons really...My specs:i5 2400 3.1 GhZ (lol doesn't even match minimal req), 1tb HDDRadeon HD 7950 3GB (overclocked to 1100 and 1550 core/mem, adds around 10-15 fps)8GB RAM 16001920x1080FPS - i'm playing on medium settings with Ultra textures and details, AA and VSync, no Hairworks.I got 45-60 fps, usually around 55 in villages, but game feels smooth even on 40.On 50 it feels like 60. I mean, in fps game i can feel every frame, but here its just smooth and playable (guess that's because it's 3d person RPG)I lose some fps with rain and some other heavy effects (5-10), so that's why i lower some of the settings.Other presets:Ultra - 30-40 fpsHigh - 50-55Med - 55-60+5 fps without AA and SSAOMy specs aren't the best, i still have 30-45 in BF4 and new games on Ultra. I just set it between medium-max to have best quality/fps ratio. Also, AMD sometimes have worse drivers and optimization than Nvidia.  Haven't noticed that 3 years ago, but now i can see1.03 patch added like 5-10 fps, which is really nice for meSo, i would say this game have quite a decent optimization.And ♥♥♥♥♥ all that downgrade sh*t. Just enjoy the blооdу game people! It still looks better than all those games released last years. Just don't listen to that crаp"
76561198069745787,Recommended,292030,18667418,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,MadDoxX,Just an epic Game!! I freaking love it. A must have when you love RPG's :-)Gameplay   10/10Graphics     10/10Story          1000/10Landscape 1000/10Thank you CD Projekt Red for this wonderful experience in the Witcher 3
,Recommended,292030,27113805,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ScalpeI,The best game of the past 10 years!
,Recommended,292030,34674827,Posted: 1 September,all,Bao Lie,+ Atmosphere+ Geralt+ Story & Lore+ Good DLC+ Gwent+ Good sidequests (a model for all RPG's)+ C'mon Roach+ Consistent fast travels- Boat travel- Glitchy quests- No Witcher 411/10 Havent played a game this good in a while
,Recommended,292030,21782122,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Mostly Nice,"THE WITCHER 3: WILD HUNT▬▬ι═══════ﺤ    -═══════ι▬▬Pros:Best game released to dateHas dual swordsAwesome devsCons:Cant wield both swords at same time#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author""One is for killing monsters.... the other is for killing humans... like you.""Too beautiful - hurts to play sometimes because of the beautyImmersion so deep you will often fantasise heavilyDesire to be witcher will consume your normal lifeCard game will have you spending more time in taverns and ultimatley keep you poor until you become grand masterAll the reasons why you should buy and play this game are the same reasons why you shouldn't. Every game here after will pale in comparision and leave you feeling empty or hollow.Overall1066,434/10"
76561198020269240,Recommended,292030,16011959,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Brolaire of Astora,"Seriously, do NOT play this game if you value your social life..."
76561198005708965,Recommended,292030,15981219,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,DeadlyChickenNugget,"I've waited for this game since 2013. I just finished the game, right before writing this review, on the Blood and Broken Bones difficulty, and only now can I say that writing a review would do it any form of justice. I started playing on May 18th, around 6 PM (it had only been out for a few minutes then)After sinking a significant amount of time into this game, I have only this to say: Its the most satisfying gaming experience I've had in a very long time. Probably since before 2010 (when gaming practices were far better IMO). In a day and age like this, this game gives me hope about the industry. Yes, it has managed to move me that much :PAn important note before going into this game:Before you decide to pick this game up I STRONGLY recommend at least going over the entries of some of the characters on the Witcher wiki,This will help you develop a better connection with them as the story progresses. Furthermore, make sure you finish the first 2 games for the best possible experience. All the better if you've read the books too (but the wiki sufficed for me :P )Now to the meat of the matter: the game itself.In my opinion, this game is well worth its full price. Every aspect of it literally reflects the amount of time and dedication the devs spent into it to make it what it is. For one, combat has been balanced greatly; its far from annoying, and as you progress further in the storyline, you can't help but feel like a badass when you've mastered it all and see Geralt pulling off all those maneuvers that you could only imagine in the last 2 games.Make no mistake, this is probably the only game of the trilogy where you'll TRULY feel like a Witcher. Every aspect of the game feels truly organic. Everything gels in well to form a beautiful picture: the music, the general ambience, Geralt, the supporting characters and the side activities - all of them contribute to making this a wonderful experience.The key point being that in this game, whenever you do something- you actually feel like you've made a small difference in some way: destroy a monster nest by an abandoned village and it will get repopulated, finish side quests and people will respond to you differently.Characters from all the previous games make an entrance in one way or another, some as a happy surprise, others not so much.Now to gameplay mechanics:You need only collect ingridients once to brew anything: after this, they replenish with the usage of strong alcohol. I like this, especially since its a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to find specific ingridients in this large open world. Potions act as both preparatory measures, and reactionary ones. You can drink Black Blood to poison Vampires that feed on you, drink Cat to see in the dark, consume Killer Whale to dive to great depths and the list goes on and on.Horse riding is fairly simple, did face a few hindrances about ~10 times in my 68 hour experience, but far from game-breaking.You can equip your horse with various equipment: saddles for stamina, blinders for making it calmer in the face of adversity (monsters) and even saddlebags to increase the load you can carry. Any trophies you collect may also be featured on the horse for some paltry bonuses.Combat is extremely satisfying. You still have light and strong attacks, but nothing as clunky as 2, or as boring as 1. Signs, bombs and potions still pay a significant role, but flesh out the combat tree and Geralt can whoop♥♥♥♥♥with just his sword (if you get that good, the difficulty I played on, I used everything). Chop something up well enough, and you can dismember it. Nothing more satisfying than watching a third of a drowner's body chopped off, or seeing Geralt behead a bandit in a brutal finisher.Key being that you actually feel like a sword-wielding killer mutant, but you're still human in the end. Make no mistake, this game will punish you for stupidity, but not in an unfair manner.The story itself is awesome: the locations range from your Northern Realm's Velen (no man's land), the free and beautiful city of Novigrad and my personal favourite: The Skellige Isles (very norse-like in several aspects, feels like you're in the land of the Vikings to an extent).Side quests have just the right amount of weight associated with them. The choices you make matter right at the end, and you might have several outcomes depending on what you did on your playthrough.The optimization's great. I played this beast on my Laptop, with only a GTX 850M, an 8GB RAM and a 2.3 GHz processor overclocked to about 3.4 GHz. The amazing thing is, that at 1920x1080, I could clock in 35+ fps with medium specs. Needless to say, I was very happy.Sadly, there is no end-game content, but that would just be me acting spoiled :PThis game, is bloody amazing, and influenced me, a thinking adult, to start saying ploughin' instead of ""f*ckin'"" simply because it will remind of the number of times I've heard it in this game :P :PAll in all, if you've been a fan of the Witcher franchise, do not hesitate: pick this game up. Its well worth the price, and if you liked the first 2 games for only their story, well then, you'll be in for multiple pleasant surprises in this one. You'll clearly be able to tell that they put a substantial amount of effort into EVERYTHING.If you are strictly new to the franchise, I'd recommend you get yourself familiar with the lore before investing yourself in this game. Read the wiki, play the games or read the books. Do at least two of the previous things, and you should be good to go.All in all, I thoroughly recommend this game, because even after spending almost 3 days' worth of time on it, I can confidently say it was worth it. That's something I haven't been able to do  in a very, very long time.And finally, remember: steel for humans & silver for monsters, though you'll have a hard time distinguishing the two figuratively."
,Recommended,292030,23696902,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Ratko,Simplythe greatest piece of video gaming experiencemoney can buy. Even the DLCs offer more top quality content than most other full games at 1/3rd the price.Literally 10/10 rate!
,Recommended,292030,30078381,Posted: 21 February,all,SmashingMatt,Not just one of the best games I played recently... but one of the best games I've ever played in my whole life!
,Recommended,292030,16254212,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,☠Afro Punk🐴🎮,"Great game, Great story, great sub stories with-in the main story. This is a pure open world adventure at best and well worth the entry fee. A very long romp through for those who are ready to delve into the Witcher world. Though the game has many janks to it, its easily forgiven because its a open world. While playing i couldn't help but note every game The Witcher 3 instantly either copied or got inspired by, but i assume it was for a good reason because of the experience it will offer those who play the game.Theres some poor developer choices in this game, that i wish was addressed but i guess when you cram so much into the game, youll forget the smallest details. The developers did a might job and i got my rocks off while playing. I enjoyed it a lot and the stories it had.my con so far is i dont care for gwent what so ever. even though i did all side quest except gwent, cause i don't care for card games. Also im not a fan of multiple endings, most will like it, most will hate it, so make sure you make the right decisions. blah! None the less its a good game and worth owning.My soul is finally free!!!"
76561198047933881,Recommended,292030,24561623,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,BlackRose010,99% Of all quests are interesting and even the little events in the wilds give you something to do while on the way to the next quest!
76561198086027681,Recommended,292030,17102915,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Exponent,"First game i ever almost shed a tear, 11/10"
,Recommended,292030,19266072,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Dave,"Certainly the best game I ever bought. It was worth every penny. The game features a huge and very deatiled map. Environments range from plains to swamp and mountains. Besides of main missions there are a lot of side quests that can be done which will reward Geralt either with swords, crafting components or diagrams. Wildlife is full with bandits, animals and monsters. Swords can be crafted, dismantled or repaired. Certain types of swords are relic type which means that the sword can do greater damage if stones are applyed to them which can be purchased vendors or can be found at ? marks on the map. Geralt's ability can be upgraded by levelling up or drawing from Places of Power. Signs can be used druing attacks that can make enemys vulnerable. Alchemy can be applyed to swords or it can be drunk that can make additional damage to human and non-human enemys in a battle. I recommend this game very highly.Pros:Only Steam is required for gameplay if you buy the game on steam.Very nice graphics.No game crashing or freezing.Detailed story.Long gameplay.Cons:Few bugs but they are not annoying."
,Recommended,292030,15901290,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,TheKnightRadiant,Woke up at 10 am and started the game...7 hrs later= quick pause (first meal of the day)Shortest 7 hrs of my life.No regrets. Worth it. 10/10
76561198125411956,Recommended,292030,25104780,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,WhiteSushiEater,"Geralt: Fog's thick as curdled milk...Lambert: Never took you for a poet.Geralt: Oh, but I am one.  Wanna hear a limerick?Lambert: Sure.Geralt: Lambert, Lambert - what a prick.Lambert: Not bad."
,Recommended,292030,16021925,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,「Lovecraft」,I helped an old woman get her frying pan back.Game of the Decade.
,Recommended,292030,15922744,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,dasoccer6,get home from work at 8 pmeat with my girlfriend and watch 1 tv showstart playing The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt around 10pmstay up until her alarm goes off for work at 4 amtry to sneak into bed and fail at stealthget 3 hours of sleep...repeat
,Recommended,292030,29592271,Posted: 30 January,all,T. Silva,This is just worst than crack when it comes to addiction.
76561198038094845,Recommended,292030,15966118,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,The Norwegian Potato,"Took me about 100 hours complete the main story. that is with just a couple of side quests and Witcher contracts, But not once have i been bored in the time i have played.This might be the best game that i have ever played, no This is the best game i have ever played.With a fantastic story and a beautiful world with detail beyond imagination.I feel that this game is more than worthy of a score of 10/10This is an absolute must buy."
,Recommended,292030,15893590,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Kor,"I don't really know what else to say except, this is the game of the century. Period.- Do you like RPG's? Buy it.- Do you like feeling like your decisions matter? Buy it.- Do you like gritty combat? Buy it.- Do you like dark, crude humor? Buy it.Many more hours into it :- Game is huge, overwhelming sometimes. Tons of things to do, I feel I don't even progress, but I know I am - just slow.- Higher difficulties are pretty challenging. You cannot just run in a slice people, you have to think, take cautious, make herbs, *be prepared*.- Story and sidequests are all rich, albeit, sometimes -rarely- repetitive. The game makes me want to do side quests, makes me want to read all the books and it makes me want to learn about it.- World feels real, feels like it's alive and constantly expanding.I guess some people get angry when you're not 1k hours into the game and making a strong opinionated review, but, I do believe this is the best RPG for awhile. The developer worked very hard and the game is in a compact, finished state with very few bugs and issues.In short, they deserve your moneyJust buy it."
,Recommended,292030,34209408,Posted: 13 August,all,shivam121,"The void, The Dread...there is nothing left to game, after completing The Witcher 3 with DLCs. Ruined all games for me, as I try to find the replacement, to play something so astonishingly brilliant, intelligent and deep. This game is near perfect and it annoys me that I might have to wait till 2018/19/20 till Cyberpunk, which I hope will be another masterpiece.There is a sense of completeness after beating this, and a hole big enough that I do not think will be filled by any other game for a very long time.The Witcher 3 follows the story of Geralt of Rivia, in search for his lost love Yennefer of Vengerberg. As the story progresses, He is looking for Cirilla Fiona Elen Riannon, sort of eh... Daughter. Anyway, This takes us to swampy and haunted Valen, Rich and “Civilized” Oxenfurt & Novigrad, and islands of Skellige.The world is huge, detailed, beautiful and lively. NPCs are doing their daily tasks and while they are limited, and slight feels slight repetitive after awhile, it feels much alive. Monsters will attack you and well, fighting them is fun. Sometimes you have a choice to not kill them and outcome changes drastically along with reward.Let’s talk about quests, because that is the real meat of this. There are lots of (Side)Quests, meaningful ones I tell you and not just - go there, fetch this, and done. Side quests, Treasure Hunts and Contracts. While many may feels same, there are almost always multiple ways to complete the quest. In some of the quests, just how you start the quest may change the outcome drastically, and then there are some quest which may not have direct hint in the log towards that different path, but exploring will find alternative endings and it’s so much fun.The main quest is good, except the Villain is not really scary. Apart from that, quests are good, diverse, rich with detailed dialogues. There are couple of quests where you travel, using thing that Geralt hates most, with a certain Elf and bloody hell, it was good. There is a deep sub story in that quest, which you can find using notes scattered around. It’s a sad and chilling story of how that particular event happened. Then there is Baron storyline, with multiple endings depending on choices, which you must find using notes and talking with people. I think this is the biggest plus point of this game. The stories are so good that we are lost in it with an urge to complete it.Another good thing is, there is lots of (optional) reading. Character entries, Detailed Bestiary, Books and Notes found throughout the world which tells the Micro stories which will help understand why a certain NPC is behaving like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥or is too nice with you.Then there is Gwent. Oh man, a game within a Game. it’s a card game like Hearthstone, but with Witcher characters and different rules. It’s fun and there are multiple quests which I enjoyed much. It’s nice to take a break from adventuring, having banter and playing Gwent.Finally, The Music. Oh my God, beautiful, deep, melodious tunes. I use this music when I’m working, want to relax or want to look at my life and mistakes I made (heh) and it fits amazingly well in each situation. I don’t know how, but no videogame has ever done this to me, as I feel empty sometimes while listening to the soundtrack, as what to do now after beating this.Now, some cons. The game is extremely easy, even on the death march difficulty. This was the same problem with Kingdom of Amalur, which may be a con for some. The starting is challenging, but damn after level 10, I was breezing through path without much struggle.Just make sure to kill that Wraith at the well without taking damage, and you’ll know what I’m talking about.Economy is flawed and at mid-game, if you are doing all side activities like me, then you will so many crowns that you don’t know what to do. Visit a brothel or two may be.Third act is rushed job. I mean, this was the case with Witcher 2 as well, so IDK if it was intended or not, but was slightly annoying for me.Still, for the content it provides, and gameplay, I’d give 9.9/10 for this. Just Amazing and well worth at full price.There will be a separate reviews for DLC’s because they are huge themselves. BUY IT NOW if you haven’t already!"
,Recommended,292030,28569593,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,BiGBo$$,This is the best game I've ever played with out thinkingI finished it 3 times and I'm playing now on steam for the fourth timeThank you CD Project
,Recommended,292030,23248685,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Skays,The best rpg i've ever played 10/10just buy it and enjoy
,Recommended,292030,25340499,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,StillFlow,18 quintillion times better than No Man's Sky!
76561198006578814,Recommended,292030,15921308,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Chaos Druid,"Took me two and half days to drag myself off the game just to write this. That right there says it all.This game spares no expense. Questing, Combat, Exploration, sandbox, Voice acting, cut scenes, story, crafting, mini games, graphics and mechanics. They did not sacrifice any of these for the other, Unlike Dragon age or Elder Scrolls, this is a RPG that delivers the FULL experience.10/10 Must buy."
,Recommended,292030,29791482,Posted: 8 February,all,shankly1985,11/10First time playing a Witcher game why has it taken so long? This game truly is a masterpiece..
,Recommended,292030,33801178,Posted: 25 July,all,Idris Rented,BEST. GAME. EVER.
,Recommended,292030,29513361,Posted: 26 January,all,Espylacopa #,"This is, without a doubt, the best game i have ever played! Made by one of the best developers i have ever seen, The witcher 3 features a massive open world to explore, its lands rich in culture, amazing stories, and populated by people who actually feel real, Every quest from sides quests to the main story chapters are absolutely wonderful and often have many different endings depending on your actions, from the war torn land of velen and the story of their self proclaimed ruler ""the bloody baron"" to the power strugle of the criminal gangs and racial tension in the bustling medieval city of novigrad, the scope and breadth of the witcher 3 is unparralleled. The main quest is absolutely wondeful with geralt going to the ends of the earth for his loved ones, and the soundtrack for this game is truly amazing and perfectly captures the atmosphere of the witcher universe. CDPR has done a great job on this game, even releasing many free dlcs other studios would happily charge money for and the 2 paid for dlcs are well worth the price, particularly the blood and wine expansion wich is so vast and full of detail it could be considered a great game on its own!"
76561198040482424,Recommended,292030,15961218,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Chief Inspector Rucket,It's Dragon Age: Inquisition's older sister that actually knows how to suck a♥♥♥♥♥♥right.
,Recommended,292030,22545207,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,k.,They seriously nailed this game....Witcher 3 is literally the definition of perfect.
,Recommended,292030,25462591,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,BCaulfield,Fill your drinks and sit down. I'm about to tell you a great story.I won't write all of the things I've been gone through. It'll be simple pros & cons review.Pros:+ EverythingCons:- NothingYou can buy and play now. I can't believe that this game just became my favorite game of all time.Edit for Steam Awards Test of Time: JUST DO IT!
,Recommended,292030,15962719,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Miami Lawgiver,"After saving a troll from a monster attack, I received an elf's head from him as a reward.I proceeded to sell the head to the nearest merchant (he didn't blink an eyelash), then realized the troll is nicer to me then the villagers I just saved from a monster infestation, who spit at me and call me a freak.I'll never get an experience like that from a BioWare game."
76561198191005090,Recommended,292030,28945079,Posted: 2 January,all,Rexz,"Brilliant game. Iv'e never played a witcher game, but after a friend hyped me up a little I decided to pick it up as it was on sale anyway and Im not having any regrets. The massive ammount of content is overwhelming, in a good way. I don't have any negative things to say about Witcher. You don't need to play the first two games to undertand and enjoy Witcher 3 to it's full potential. There is a very good introduction and I myself watched  recap videos on youtube about the story from first two games. Definetly recommend this to others!"
76561198020647378,Recommended,292030,31835147,Posted: 18 May,all,Sam,"I can't say anything the many other reviews here haven't already said, except that if 80,000 recommendations can't convince you to buy this game, then maybe 80,001 will.In short: The Witcher 3 is amazing. It's an incredible achievement in gaming.Do yourself a favour. Play it."
,Recommended,292030,28656066,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Admiral,"One of the best RPGs ever made by developers who care greatly about it. It excels in many categories while still raising the bar in others. Whether you're looking for good story, great characters, beautiful landscapes, or tons of content to lose yourself in it's got it all."
,Recommended,292030,31310602,Posted: 22 April,all,Skramp /A/,This game it's so good10/10
76561198060195447,Recommended,292030,17146439,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Mr.Crowder0,The best singleplayer experience since the fallout series.10/10 would bang again.
76561197968514473,Recommended,292030,16279610,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Meat-King©®,"“The world seems to be black and white to you witchers, but it is shades of grey for us common folk.”My favourite nymphomaniac mutant with kleptomaniac tendencies and an alcohol problem is finally back. Just like the previous games in the series it has plenty of adult content. Starting with strong language, over racism up to obscene moments. Sometimes it results in something rather hilarious.The general atmosphere of the game is a sinister one, depicting the flaws of people, when they are confronted with crises and war. The already very detailed world of Witcher 2 has been further developed into an open world experience with a remarkable love for detail. The campaign offers several gigantic areas with an impressive amount of missions and monster contracts. Each of these quests have their unique stories and situations.The huge variety of interesting and memorable characters create a vivid world packed with mysteries and intrigues, and provide the path for an epic and compelling storyline. Depending on your choices you make during your adventure, you influence other characters and their development. Some of your decisions have major ramifications for the future of the franchise. Furthermore, certain characters from the previous instalments are reintroduced.While the general combat has been simplified, the variety of potions and buffs has been increased. It makes the pre-battle preparation more interesting, especially on the highest difficulty level when facing several enemies. The specific attack patterns and weaknesses of each enemy type can be seen as another advantage of the multi-layered combat.Despite more than 70 different skills, you can only active 12 of them at the same time. This limitation leads to a rather restricted skill selection and character development, forcing you to concentrate on one of the four skill tree branches. Witcher 2 introduced a better thought out skill system, where you can evolve in all three skill tree branches, and profit from a balanced build.Overall, the world of Witcher 3 represents the current reference for immersive gameplay based on an open world concept. Your journey in this vivid and mature world, as the legendary Geralt of Rivia, offers countless hours of exploration and character development. Nevertheless, it remains questionable why certain features, like the combat system and skill tree from Witcher 2, have not been implemented and further honed in the successor.Amusing quotes:“To the thief who’s nipping goods outha my pantry as soon as put them there! That sausage you took last week – I prepared it especially for you – from the bloated carcass of a mare I found in the mud, rotten eggs and a hand full of larvae. I added some highly personal ingredients. I hope you ate your fill.”Trivia:The character Geralt of Rivia is based on several books by the polish author Andrzej Sapkowski.Achievements:Estimated time for 100 % completion: +200 hoursSingleplayer achievements: 78Multiplayer achievements: none"
76561198184983610,Recommended,292030,34877827,Posted: 10 September,all,PrinceXavieR,"After 20 hours in I decided to stop playing this game. Do not get me wrong I really love this game but I have had this feeling that it would ruin gaming for me. I will definitely come back for this bad boy after I beat other games like Fallout/Elder Scrolls,GTA's  etc... I feel that I dont deserve to play it right now, it's just too  good. The atmosphere, characters blew me away.. Played the first 2 games and loved them but this one is on a different level..Have to play the crappy games first and get them out of the way and save the best for last.Update:after abstinence and too much self control, I gave up and went playing again. Sorry I cant help it.. I am already seeing at least 400 hours of gameplay here.. too good to pass up and with death march difficulty it only gets better...Update :Gwent is taking and sucking me life out. Seriously I ended up just playing Gwent all day, did not really care for Ciri or dont mind if the world will end.  Help!Update: -  game is pretty dope  but I wish there is an option to disable the pointless open world mini game, me just want to play cards., Sadly at this rate I think I will not be able to beat the story..  : PUpdate again: Look at me I am almost 100 hours in I just found the sorceress Triss.. I hope I am almost done with the story so I can get back to improving my card deck..In the end this game should  have been called:The GWENTer 3: Card Hunt!"
,Recommended,292030,25012802,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Maraudeur,"These scars long have yearned for your tender caressTo bind our fortunes, damn what the stars ownRend my heart open, then your love professA winding, weaving fate to which we both atoneИ из снов моих с утра бежишь проворно.Крыжовник терпкий сладкая сиреньХочу во сне твой видеть локон черный,Фиалки глаз твоих, что слез туманит тень.Der Wolfsspur nach folge ich in den Schneesturm.Um dein stures Herz abermals aufzuspüren.Durch Zorn und Trauer, in Eis verwandelt.Durch Zorn und Trauer, in Eis verwandelt.Lass mich deine kalten Lippen küssend schmelzen.De mes songes, tu t'enfuis à l'aube,Ton parfum de groseille et de lilas.Je veux sentir tes longues boucles noiresEt me perdre dans tes yeux mauves, brillants de larmes.Nie wiem, czy jesteś moim przeznaczeniem,Czy przez ślepy traf miłość nas związała.Kiedy wyrzekłem moje życzenie,Czyś mnie wbrew sobie wtedy pokochała?Z moich snów uciekasz nad ranem,Cierpka jak agrest, słodka jak bez.Chcę śnić czarne loki splątane,Fiołkowe oczy mokre od łez.10/10"
76561198148608878,Recommended,292030,35057831,Posted: 18 September,all,callsyn.gaming,"10/10And thats not a fanboy or exaggerated ratingNever played the preceding 2 games.I was simply looking for an immersive open world game.Well gents,Immersive is one huge understatement.I'll make this short.I'm highly satisfied with my life. My golden retriever and choco lab give me joy. My wife and kids give me joy. My self-employed status gives me joy.But this game...It gave me depression when I finished it.Not because the game is depressing. But because I lived in its world and I got attached with it. How the game simulates the main characters and your interaction with them, makes this game feel alive. Parting with the world after finishing the game, ♥♥♥♥ed with my heart and head.I whole heartedly recommend this game.I strongly recommend taking anti-depressants when you reach the main quest: Final Preparations. Keep taking them meds for a month unless you want to orphan your family.CD Projekt Red, I would gladly ransom Tim Cook and use the money to fund your next witcher games."
76561197972729524,Recommended,292030,26732755,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Perus_TC,"I will try to be as clear as I can be without sounding like some idiot fan boy.Without question this game is THE definitive expression of quality and well thought out content throughout the ENTIRE experience.Pros: Graphics,sound design,VOICE ACTING,attention to detail,STORY,Battle mechanics,backstory support,mocap,and dozens of other items too numerous to mention.Cons: The character control is kind of clunky in certain actions like looting crates that are near anything you can ignite(like candlesticks etc).You will light MANY candles inadvertantly while looting same.Changing direction while swimming has the same issue(especially when questing for a submerged item with 6 drowners around)That's about it outside of not needing the Horse most of the game because you can travel faster on foot in mountainous terrain.On flatter terrain the horse is a no brainer.Summary: The game has a Far Cry feel to it as pertaining to map layout etc.(Undiscovered areas with a question mark are the most obvious)Fast travel via signposts etc.The story presentation is a Masterpiece,the music is spot on(especially the female alto work)Attention to little things is almost overkill as you get immersed in the game before you even notice it.I absolutely do not have the vocabulary to express how GREAT this ENTIRE video work of art is.In my almost 30 some odd years of PC and early console gaming there are 5-6 games that are this good and 1 of those is the Witcher original release.The replay value is over the top with New Game Plus and the MANY different story twists that depend on your choices and the resulting consequences.Even the end of the game narrates the subsequent end result of your main story quest decisions.The visuals are in a word ....inspiring.The most miniscule of world content is represented in Startling detail.The fauna,flora,and DA WATTA are absolutely stunning.When whales seem to follow you when crossing large bodies of water whether swimming or boating you have arrived at a point where a gaming dessert is not required.There are even small footprints on the mini map during a Quest that point nitwits like myself with really bad eyesight in the direction of the quest and help you navigate to said quest without popping a gasket.The NPC's in the game spit on Geralt,hurl insults,and are generally irritated with his presence period.There is always some idiot saying something which adds to the real world feel of the game.The Worldfill,bookshelves,crates,rocks,caves,critters,etc etc etc is so detailed that I often got my keester fried by some drowner or wolf pack because I was looking at the blowing grass,trees,etc.The fist fighting quests are MUCH more difficult than the previous 2 offerings and the taunting is hilarious.To sum up(and yes I know I repeated myself) if you liked the original or even if you didn't you NEED to play this game.If you have ANY heart at all you will cry,laugh,kill,NOT kill,and will be convinced you ARE Geralt if only briefly.THAT,my fine gaming friends is all that a real gamer can ask.....it that we become the character and believe we CAN make a difference in this messed up world...if only in our dreams.I couldn't recommend this game higher.   20\10Edit:I forgot to mention that I only did about 10% of the side quests ahich means there is probably 130 hours or so in this game.Not bad for a game that isn't an over rated MMORPG."
,Recommended,292030,33613451,Posted: 17 July,all,Koggi<3,"You can hire a Hooker for 20G, That's cheaper than the baked potatoes you can buy from Vendors."
76561198069179718,Recommended,292030,16051825,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Reillior,"I quit my job, lost my gf, about to lose my home. I could not care less. For I am, Geralt of Rivia. THE WITCHER."
,Recommended,292030,32069102,Posted: 30 May,all,Dynamite,"Best game i have ever played, and i played a lot of games.Just buy and be happy!"
,Recommended,292030,23074642,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,BarelyBeard,"With the main story line taking around 55 hours to complete (without ANY side story) this game takes my breath away as a modern marvel of gaming history. To spare the extended review i would usually give, to get to the point, this game shows imaculent optimization, beautiful story, and extremely deep characters that you end up almost crying over. Ill admit, this game took me a few hours to get in to, as in the beginnning i felt like i was running all over the place, however, despite that,  I became attached to Geralt and Ciri.Visually the game is stunning, the animations, the character models, they all look so amazing. Along with the beautiful models, the voice acting... the voice acting! it is so good, at times i laughed so hard, and at other times i felt the need to cry. Johnny for example, a little godling you find in novigrad; you first talk to him to find ciri, and he tells you how he took a huge dump right as the sun was rising. Diverse is the word i would say to describe the characters in Witcher 3.The game has a lot of content NOT for children and i would advise ONLY 17+ TO PLAY. There are countless sex scenes and intense profanity that may not be suitable for all ages. Although the profanity seems almost more  immersive, as it gives characters their personality at times, there are even times when you would meet a 10 year old and they would be talking about how they saw a woman with huge tata's (they dont neccesarily say it that way). If you are a parent of a child who loves story and adventure, this game is TONS of excitment, however, as a parent, you might want to play over the game yourself to see the content that you would allow your child to see.The RPG elements are found greatly in that there is crafting, alchemy, fist fights with random npc's, contant quests (side story as well as main story), hunting contracts, and more. In many games, i find myself skipping all the dialogue and backround, but in Witcher 3, as i collected diarys, informationaly books, and logs, i found myself often reading them  to get more immersed into the world of Witcher 3.As a final note, i would recommend this game to anyone over 17 or 18 because of the mature elements involved *some are skippable, like dialogue, but if you reach a sex scene, it is a bit harder* but i recommend it as one of the best story-rich RPG's out there. As a PC player, i rarely find myself spending more than 25 dollars on a game, but this game is 100% worth the price. The story is amazing, the characters are so richly invested in, and the overall experience is mesmerizing. Everyone needs to try this beautiful game, and i hope you take my review with a grain of salt because after all, my taste is different than other people in the community. Have a great day, and HAVE FUN!"
,Recommended,292030,16111672,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Tasty,"A paragon of fantasy RPGs. Easily one of the most ambitious games of any kind ever created, Witcher 3 does not disappoint in its enormous scope and the level of care and detail put into everything. The sheer amount of content in the game is mind blowing, with easily over 100 hours of gameplay in a single playthrough. Amazingly, even with this huge amount of content, almost none of it feels tedious or repetitive. In many open world games sidequests are a burden for completionists, but not in this game. Even the smallest sidequests are substantial and usually turn out to have an interesting story or something unique and worthwhile to see - there are almost no instances where you'll feel as if a quest or mission you did was pointless or a waste of time. The combat and inventory management systems have been vastly improved from Witcher 2, which suffered from some sluggish combat elements and a tedious subpar menu/inventory system. In Witcher 3, combat feels more fluid than ever, your combat abilities and signs can be customized to how you want to play, and the quest and inventory management is some of the best I have ever seen. The alchemy system has seen improvement through potions, oils, and bombs being a one-time craft, and they are then able to be replenished by means of more common ingredients.The Witcher universe has always been known for its fantastic storytelling, tough decisions, moral ambiguity, and branching storylines; this game is no exception to that. It masterfully presents some very mature narratives in a dark fantasy setting. Nothing is considered off limits and it doesn't ever shy away from controversial or mature subject matter, and often presents these situations for the player to judge them at their own discretion. You will seldom find the game holding your hand in any way and you'll almost never see it encourage any particular decision you need to make. This has always been one of the best staples in The Witcher, and it inherently makes this very much a thinking man's game. Whether it's taking care of your inventory and gear, managing resources, preparing for tough fight, planning out a trek to the next objective, or working out a puzzle, your wits will most certainly be tested several times over the course of the game.Overall the story of this game, amount of lore, detailed backstory, and wide cast of characters each with fantastic development, when combined with that of Witcher 2, make this series on par with the likes of Game of Thrones or Breaking Bad in terms of storytelling. This game has set a new paradigm for RPGs to come, and CDPR is most certainly one developer who has not forgotten how to make an amazing game - this is true 10/10 material."
,Recommended,292030,22399573,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Gatsu,"Wow...what a fantastic and epic journey this was. I never played TW1 yet, but I played The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings few years ago and so I was waiting for this last part excitingly with my brother for months last year.But I finally managed to finish TW3... after about 10-11 months haha :D, first buying it for PS4 in last May I think and later for Steam. It took me a while because of couple reasons, like too little time, burnout by open world games and MGSV hype. Some might think TW3 is too long as a game and I did too at first. Actually I have often liked more linear and shorter games. But anyway, it's one hell of a amazing game, that you should spend time with and enjoy the story and world, not trying to rush it.The Witcher 3 is indeed a damn long game, perhaps the longest I've played from start to finish, and I still haven't played the DLC. Especially if try complete most of the side quests like I did, takes hella lot of time. I admit that I didn't explore every place and skipped some sidequests like gwents, some horse races and some treasure hunts.It sure is worth your time investment to reach the end, will give the feels. Once you spend hours and hours going through the story and you finally reach those certain big moments you've waited for... they will feel emotional. I've heard it has a lot of different endings and the one I got made me shed tears of joy :).CD Projekt RED managed to elevate open-world and RPG into a whole another level in my opinion. I don't think I've seen so much detail added to side quests either, which alone is one great achievement. They're all done so well and they actually feel interesting. Hunting monsters is great. The way the forests move in wind is incredible, the weather changes too...just beautiful.The story, world, characters, combat, voice acting, graphics are all fantastic. And music...that beautiful music is mindblowing. The voice acting is also some of the best I have ever heard, there is such a huge amount of it and makes the characters feel very real. The choice making is great and the outcome of what you chose, might not be always what you wanted in the end.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is perhaps the best RPG I have ever played. A must have for anyone who desires to experience an epic dark fantasy story.10/10"
,Recommended,292030,26455843,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,WeirdnAwesome,"(HIGHLY RECOMMENDED)Only 54 hours in thus far, but this has overtaken my previous favourite RPGs such as Skyrim and Fallout. Don't get me wrong, those were amazing and I sunk in a ton of hours, but this one is currently blowing my mind.EDIT: 99 hours in, already 20+ hours more than I sunk into Skyrim (considering I played every inch of the base game and completed all it had to offer!) This game is bloody fantastic.Pros- The depth of characters and stories, the choices that affect your gameplay throughout, the flexibility of the world is simply stunning- The graphics and mechanics are simply amazing, other than a minor fall damage problem. Otherwise, this game has me taking screenshots every few minutes.- The in-game card game Gwent is oh-so-satisfying- Fantastic detail from weather to NPC behaviour to monsters. They are intelligent and will respond realistically.- The powers and potions available are amazing. In Skyrim I barely explored into alchemy, but in the Witcher 3 it's essential and makes the game so much more abstract- THE DLCS. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ they have redefined the ideas of dlcs for me. Absolutely worth the money, with so much additional content: Maps, enemies, treasure, npcs, quests, weapons, armor.Cons- None thus far!!!Pick this up, I will highly recommend this to people who enjoy RPGs, and who are bored and looking for a new adventure. Trust me, I'm savoring every moment of it and taking my time to explore the game thoroughly."
76561198121798793,Recommended,292030,16052772,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Suoxi Valley,"Not quite done with it yet, it's good though i guess."
,Recommended,292030,16034586,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,xBladeM6x,"This game is all about a card game called Gwent. I'm not sure what this ""Witcher 3"" is, but it's clearly secondary to Gwent."
,Recommended,292030,31848050,Posted: 19 May,all,ZHERNE sɴʀ,One of the best games out there!10/10!
,Recommended,292030,25560729,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,şerefsiz torbacı gay semih,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I just finished the main storyline and I can easily say this is one of the best games of the decade. First of all, I really wouldn't like to be doing this but I'll briefly compare it to Skyrim since that's what people usually tend to do. In my opinion, this game is way better than Skyrim. I loved Skyrim and thought it was the perfect game...until I played this masterpiece. Skyrim is good but hell, I wish it was 1/10 as deep as TW3. I noticed how lame the characterization was in Skyrim after seeing how well it was done in this one. In Witcher, we got characters with rich variety of emotions but in Skyrim, well, we got robots... But those are all beside the point, here's Witcher 3's pros and cons for me.Pros:+ Awesome graphics: needless to say, this game has pretty f-cking awesome graphics. Nothing much to say about this and this should be the thing of least importance in a huge game like this.+ Great story: I don't think you will find yourself bored at any point in this cleverly designed story full of plot twists and awesome details. Fun fact: There is a 55 minutes long YouTube video showing all the different endings of Witcher 3. Make sure you check that as well after you beat the game.+ Nice characterization: As I've mentioned before, characters in this game don't feel so shallow and unncecessarily boring as they do in most other games. They feel really vivid and they make the game much more fun.+ Extremely fun gameplay: The gameplay, especially the combat system, is really fun. From investigating a crime scene to playing a better Hearthstone-like card game than Hearthstone itself, there are tons of stuff to do.Cons:- Finding a con for this nearly perfect game was very hard but something was bugging me from the beginning of this game. It's the fact that there is no walking option in most parts. You are either forced to walk which is pretty annoyingly slow or you are forced to run as the slowest option which is also pretty annoying. My problem with this is that when you're trying do a precise move such as walking through a door, this creates a problem. It's a really small problem but that was all the negativity I could think of about this game.- I hate portals.Overall, it's a must-play game. Just watch a few gameplays before you buy it just in case you don't magically start loving it.Edit: Apparently, you can also hit CTRL to change between running and walking (thanks to the people who replied) which eliminates the only con of the game for me. It's even closer to perfection now :)"
,Recommended,292030,16057943,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,AIR32,"YEAH, POLES ROCK! Wielkie dzięki!This game is my favourite game, the game of my entire life!‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍‍Hell, this game is optimized perfectly, especially considering optimization in The Witcher 2. I got Intel Core 2 Duo E6750, GeForce GTS450, 4GB RAM.. according to system requirements my pc can't handle this game whatsoever. However, it works at 20-25 FPS! Frankly speaking, I run this game on minimal settings, but anyway this game looks great even on such settings! When you have a dialog with somebody or just some cut scene, the game looks like you set high settings! Besides, developers do care about players, releasing patches.‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍Many players didn't like combat system in The Witcher 2, so devs improved it. Here, in The Witcher 3, fights became more intense and interesting: same signs, two swords, potions and oils and a large amount of movements. At last, there is no stamina while blocking anymore.‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍They finally added horse! Now you can explore the world riding on horse and slicing heads off. That was a good decision, since there is a really huge open world in the game. Of course, if you are tired of riding, you can just use fast travel option.‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍‍Developers paid much attention to details: a lot of various monsters and animals were created. Here the world lives its own life, there is no place where you could not find a creature: wolves hunting deers and lama, homeless dogs, bears, herds of wild horses and, needless to say, monsters, incredible number of kinds of monsters. It is all you can see wherever you are. Some of them you can find even underwater. I did not misspell, Geralt is able to swim now and, moreover, fight underwater creatures using his crossbow.‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍More than likely, you will visit barbers pretty often, because in this game Geralt's beard can grow. Especially if you are a fan of Sapkowski books: according to them, Geralt likes to keep his face shaven.‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍Characters are well made, I would say splendidly. Great appearance of main characters and not only them. Nice voice acting.‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍‍The only thing I do not like so far is an animation for drinking potions and oils usage. In my opinion, they could improve and make it similar to The Witcher 2 (at least taking potions animation).‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍Music is one of the main parts of the game. If you played TW1 and TW2, you might know how the music is great there. And composers made a great job again, compositions are as lovely as always!‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍‍All I described above makes atmosphere in the game unique and inimitable. Not really much to convince you to pay for this game. Nevertheless, I highly recommend you give it a try.‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍I would advise to read all the books of the saga written by A. Sapkowski before you play The Witcher games, especially the third one. These books tell the story of Geralt and the Lion Cub of Cintra, Cirilla Fiona Elen Riannon, his destiny; of politic wars between North (Temeria, Redania, Kaedwen, Aedirn, Rivia, Lyria, etc) and South (The Nilfgaardian empire); of politics and sorcerers, their role in it. You will realize what is going on in this game if you read those books.‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍Локализация вроде и хороша, актеры подобраны отличные, но из-за рассинхронности звуковых дорожек персонажи говорят иногда очень быстро или же очень медленно, что порой раздражает."
,Recommended,292030,20409637,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Drginix,"This is probably the best game I've ever playedPros:-Can't think of any honestly.Cons:-Graphics too eye-catching and beautiful-Gameplay too smooth and fun-Too addicting-Dialogue too good, mistook the game for a movie occasionally- Rarely came across any glitches and bugs, felt weird after playing so much ubisoft games.-Made me get depression after completing the storyline and feeling empty inside-Too fun10/10Would not recommend if you have important work or exam coming up as you will probably waste your days killing monsters and f..u.c.k.i.n.g b.i.t.c.h.e.s in this masterpiece."
,Recommended,292030,19595233,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,! fhidann,nice card game
76561198051142283,Recommended,292030,17180438,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,IDontWannaBeU,"Got this from a sale, which was a mistake.this game deserves the full value 10/10 will complete and play again."
,Recommended,292030,26233198,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Slug,"What can I say about this masterpiece that hasnt already been said? Beat the main story on PS4 and was considering getting the DLC when I noticed it was cheaper to buy the whole thing on Steam and Im so glad I did, I got to live out my adventure all over again. 60 odd hours into my second playthrough and Im roughly a third of the way through. Probbably my favourite game out at the moment and I don't see that changing any time soon."
,Recommended,292030,16957336,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Deafpool,Sadly they didn't add a romance scene with The Crone :(
,Recommended,292030,32907599,Posted: 27 June,all,'Zamo-,This game will always be in my heart ♥
,Recommended,292030,18545780,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Jadarma,"This review was too lenghty for Steam! I had to cut some of the points out. to view the full thing,Click Here.OverviewThe Witche 3: Wild Huntis without a doubt one of the most ambitious RPG games ever released, and certainly the best of the series. CD Projekt Red really hit the nail on the head this time. It improves upon almost all aspects that were criticised in the earlier Witcher releases, added tons of content, hundreds of detailed, well made quests, exiting side activities, not to mention much more popular than intended gwent card game. Overall, this game has received over 200 awards in so many areas! Recommending it is a no brainer, but I will tell you in a very exited fan's voice why I think this game is a must have!!The Pros:Gorgeous- Let's get this out of the way first, the game look amazing. Period. It did suffer a minor downgrade from the E3 presentation, but it still looks amazing (plus there is a mod to enable E3 settings wink wink) I won't spend too many words on this, as isn't that important, but I have to give them credit for such a gorgeous looking game, that is really well optimised too!Huge Hours of Gameplay- If you take your time to enjoy the story, you will easily require about 100 hours to finish the game. If you want to also explore the map, collect all the diagrams, craft every potion, finish all world events and side quests... well, spare about 200 hours. Oh, you want to play again and make different choices? Okay. 400 hours it is!Be Your Own Geralt- A.K.A Story choices! The witcher games were very known for their branching storylines and how the world and the characters in it are affected by your choices throughout your adventure, but the scale at which this happenes in Witcher 3 is to me, just mind boggling. Every choice you make, the game is watching you, and remembering. It will alter the story later in the game. You might find yourself thirty hours after you complete a quest in a certain way by some other quest that you did that, and here are the concequences! So choose wisely, and think before you act!Attention to Details- You know what else matters besides how you complete quests?Whenyou complete them. The order in which you do quests might add dialogue choices or change a bit the way the quest goes. What I will say is this - if some quest seems important, it probably is, and you shouldn't ignore it, or it might turn out bad. But not only the quests are detailed, the world is as well. Characters' homes are actually related to them, and even peasants that chat on the street and give slight details about their lives or whatever, those details are not just dialogue fillers... most of them are actually phisically represented in their surroundings. Everything else is very detailed too! The world is huge and every nook and cranny looks so detailed! Forests are full of foliage, towns are lively, loads of NPCs with homes furnished to every detail.Characters and Voices- Oh man, the characters are so.. alive! They all have their personality very contoured, and all of them have different voice actors! Even run of the mill peasants! It took 900 voice actors and two and a half years to record the dialogue of this game! And the effort was very worth it! Also, the 3D models look amazing, and have so much expression it's amazing. Even details like wrinkles that appear around the mouth when talking, blinking, eye movement, the whole lot!Crafting and Inventory- The systems have been overhauled! Miscellaneous items like alchemy ingredients, crafting components and food are now weigthless! You now have a horse, and you can equip him too! With blinders, saddles, saddlebags (to boost your max carry capacity) and..Trophies!. When you complete a monster contract, you will take a trophy from him and can hang it from your saddle. They even provide passive bonuses, but not so great, more on that in the cons section. Crafting still works on diagrams, and once you know a diagram, it will never show up again in the world, so if you see one, be sure you don't know it and collect it. Potion wise, they have upgrades, and once crafted, they last forever! (well, they have charges that must be replenished using alcohol while meditating) Blade oils now have much better bonuses and last longer the stronger the oil is. A new feature - decoctions, work like potions but are crafted using monster mutagens and are very toxic but last very long. You can also craft bombs with different effects!Leveling System- Vast improvement over the Witcher 2 skill tree, you now obtain plenty of skill points, skills are iterative and will perform better with each point spent in them (to a limit) and you can also make combos using skills from a certain category (Melee, Magic, Alchemy) with mutagens found on monsters to boost some nice passive effects. This gives you many options in choosing how you wish to play the game, but the freedom only comes in the late game, when you have points to spend.MODDABLE!!- Yup, the game features mod support, and you can head over to the Witcher 3 Nexus and modify away. The game is amazing as it is, but if you don't like something, you can change it! With mods! Oh, PC Modding, dear friend!The Cons:Bugs- Not that many, but most are important and may keep you from doing something because you can't complete a bugged quest, or you're afraid it will ruin something, so you will rather wait for a patch. This only applies for VERY few cases, so 99% of the game is fine. Also, rest assured the devs hear us out and are working hard to correct any errors.Trophy Bonuses- As I've mentioned earlier, moster trophies give a passive bonus when strapped to your horse... buuut they are mostly the same. You have like 25 trophies to choose from, but only 5 effects. Could have been more.Skills and Builds- Yep, there are a lot of skills, buuuut... you must equip them to have effect... and you are limited to 12 slots that unlock as you level up and that really limits your potential. The system is needed, as being able to have all you have points for would make you too overpowered, but 12 are just too little and you need to sacrifice abilities for mutagen combos and really think your build through.Crafting Sorting- The thing I hate about crafting diagrams of items is that there is no filtering out the inferior ones. You will soon find yourself being level 26 and have to scroll through all your level 4-17 diagrams to get to your gear. A more powerful filtering system would really be great.Useful links!Witcher 3 Map- Powerful, interactive map, excellent to keep track over what you have done. Check it out!The Witcher 3 Nexus- For those who want to mod their game!The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Hearts of Stone Expansion Review- I have also made a review on the expansion, available here.ConclusionThank you for reading so far, I hope I was useful and convinced you that this game is worth it. One of the purchases I made with the most confidence. This is now my favorite game of all time, and has my support for Game of The Year!If you enjoyed this review and want to see more of my work,consider joining my groupandfollow my curatorpage! Link to the right!Jad's List - Curator Group"
76561197995040938,Recommended,292030,23660313,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Satanic I Swede #Clumsy,I hate portals.
,Recommended,292030,15900108,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Arrisen,Exams ? Pffff.... who cares :D10/10
,Recommended,292030,17451494,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,sherlØck,What the f*ck i'm going to do now that i'm done?As a fan of the book series i just want to say thank you CD Projekt Red.
76561198158354158,Recommended,292030,20551531,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Nerissa,I just don't need real life anymore
,Recommended,292030,15925285,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,hodie,"The biggest time sink since Skyrim. Swim, walk, ride or sail across the northern kingdoms in the best Witcher yet, leaving a trail of empty treasure chests and dead monsters in your wake as you experience what so far has been a thoroughly engaging story arc.Edit: Now that i've seen the credits roll I can safely say this earned its GoTY award; while Hearts of Stone and the upcoming Blood and Wine dlc will firmly place it on top of the gaming pantheon. A true epic that- at the moment at least- in the gaming world, only CD Projekt RED themselves would be able to surpass."
,Recommended,292030,32633800,Posted: 21 June,all,HackerHobbit,"Let's have a chat about this game before the summer sale. This is hands down the best game I think I have ever played. I believe I can safely say this having 3 different playthroughs of this game. The game's story is, to put it lightly, superb. The story has a certain way of developing characters so that most of them are likeable, and makes the enemies even more unlikeable. The story also has elements from plenty of eastern European countries' mythologies, so the story is something that is quite interesting and is easy to be invested in if you live in the Americas, because the eastern European mythologies are so different from what the mythologies in the Americas are. The combat in the game is also quite nice, it provides a good experience in addition to the story, and it is quite rewarding to get kills (especially with the extra finishers, oh my!). The skill system is a good addition to the combat because you can create some pretty amazingly broken combos (alchemy build), and you can really choose how you play with it. For example, I can create a build based entirely around combat, or a build around signs and alchemy, or a build around all three trees. I think that, above all, the part of the game that one should play for is the story, because the developers, I believe, placed most of their focus on the story as a continuation of the books, which I also began reading just because of this game. The game has so many elements that I did not even realize the first time I played through the game, which just made me want to play the game more than I already had, and creates a sense of replayability with the game. The game even has side quests that actually make me want to play them because they are actually rewarding, and some I even became more interested in than the main story at times. The DLC content adds a whole extra package to the game. I loved both Hearts of Stone and Blood and Wine about as much, despite the fact that Hearts of Stone was much, much shorter than Blood and Wine. Hearts of Stone is definitely a more story based DLC, and not adding much in the way of extra areas to play around in, but adds an amazing, well-made story and adds a few gameplay mechanics which I found fun to dabble in. Blood and Wine, however, adds a completely different area from the main area in the game, adds a completely new story for the player to engross themselves in, and adds a few gameplay mechanics which I found to be well made and well thought out for the scope of the DLC itself. If you get this game, and I thoroughly believe you should, please, for the love of all that is good, get the Game of the Year edition. It is so worth it to be able to play the DLCs in addition to the main game. Highly recommended if you are into fantasy games and single-player games. A staple for any Steam library."
76561198089465721,Recommended,292030,23461021,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Madpakke100kg,This game is great! the only thing i have to complain about is the portals. I hate portals...
,Recommended,292030,28175173,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Nekophysix,I am not usually one for RPG's or single player games and I bought this game because I felt like it but I will admit the by far one of the best games I have played in a long while. P.S Tibbles is awesome
,Recommended,292030,16008547,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Bibon,"Buy.This.Game.Story:Sweet mama Jeebus.Gameplay:OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH AWAAWAWAWAAAA OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.Graphics:SHHHHHHHHHHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUU DAAAAAAAAAAAAYUUUMMMMMMMM.Overall:This is the best game i've ever played.You do not play ""as"" Geralt. You are Geralt.Jesus Christ, this game man, it's...it's..................just buy it already.Don't even try to torrent it saying ""I just wanna try if I'll like it""You'll f***ing love it, i swear. Now, go find Ciri."
76561198010496482,Recommended,292030,31680105,Posted: 11 May,all,KillaJoe,Everyone should play this.
76561198036668525,Recommended,292030,15891968,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Bioshock,"The Witcher 3: Wild HuntThe Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is one of the games that I was really excited about!I played all the series, I've done every quest and I'm sure I will do everything that is possible in this game too.The Story is epic. Characters are awesome. World is really big-massive.The world is much bigger than GTA V and TES:Skyrim.The Witcher 3 is also very brutal, you'll see heads and arms laying around after your fights.This is for sure one of the best RPGs in 2015.Little bit about the story of The Witcher.(Little spoilers)WitcherWitcher is a mutant who is trained in special ""Witcher schools"" to become a monster-slayer.They have to go through an alchemical processes with consumption of mutagenic compounds and with a lot of training.They have two primary weapons: the Steel sword is used for killing humans and the Silver sword for slaying monsters.Protagonist Geralt of RiviaGeralt of Rivia is a witcher who grew up in the witchers keep of Kaer Morhen in the realm of Kaedwen.(We can see it in The Witchers 1st game)Geralt is also sometimes called Gwynbleidd what means ""The White Wolf"".He is a professional monster-slayer that can kill any beast.Geralt has a lot of romances in his life that we only can dream about.Wild HuntThe Wild Hunt is a group of specters, led by the King of the Wild Hunt,which is considered to be an omen of misfortune and death.Pros and Consthe Pros:+ Epic storyline.+ Cool armor designs, potion system.+ Great combat system.+ A lot of quests.+ A lot of choices.+ A really massive and beautiful world.+ Good graphics.+ A lot of exploring.+ You can jump now+ SoundtrackThe Cons:- Bugs that every open world game has.- Some repetitive quests.- Game crashes sometimesRecommended for people that love RPG genre or that enjoy chilling and explore the world and its secrets.It deserves a place on the ""shelves"" of every gamer.EnjoyMy PC components if some one is intrestedOS: 64-bit Windows 7Processor: Intel CPU Core i5-4690K 3.50GHzMemory: 8 GB RAMGraphics: Nvidia GPU GeForce GTX 780 TiMotherBoard: MSI Z97 Gaming 5SSD: HyperX 240GB(I might add something later)."
,Recommended,292030,19945264,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Sanyo ..,Game of the Year 12/10Just give it a try and you won't regret.
,Recommended,292030,15937196,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Azeriel,"As a fan of The Witcher series since the first one, I have to say this game does not only met my already high and super hyped expectations, but exceeded it. A true testament on how the developer has matured in this genre and one of the strong contenders in it.I'm actually jealous for my friends who will be experiencing this game for the first time.Would absolutely get amnesia just to be able to play this game for the first time again. 10/10"
,Recommended,292030,34313428,Posted: 17 August,all,vonblubba 🍺,"I'm late to the party, but I finally found the time to play Witcher 3, so here is my thoughts. This is probably one of the best written games I've had the pleasure of playing. Dialogues are the best part, never dull and always a pleasure to listen to (the different accents for the various population were a nice touch). Quests, even secondary ones, are damn intriguing, and you often find yourself doing them because you want to see what happens, not for grinding. All in all, this may be the best rpg experience after the ultima saga."
,Recommended,292030,30219390,Posted: 27 February,all,Nyctar™ 雪,Triss boobs yeees
,Recommended,292030,16103264,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,phlegmo,even like the damn card game.
76561198075369491,Recommended,292030,21846322,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Yazz,"you either love the Witcher, or you're wrong."
,Recommended,292030,16021587,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,TS_Jebus,"This game changed my idea of what the future of gaming should in 2015 should be. CDProjekt Red has legitimately set the bar as developers for what our money is actually worth for content. 16 DLC's for free, right off the back. Patches, and constant stream of information concerning all aspects for your desired knowledge. They have information about releasing video content, and even host a plethora of events for their community. I fell in love with Geralt with Witcher 2, and now I'm back, and want everyone to fall in love like I did.As for the game itself, it is unbelievably good. Like, for real. Words alone can't describe the masterpiece they laid before us. It has combat, story, sound, sex, mini-games, an insanely large, and fully explorable map, a believable economy that took me quite some time to understand. And to top it all off, they even created this AMAZING CARD GAME called Gwent. I'm hooked, I've played priests, pirates, Skelligans, even children (Who made me furious with their insults after my pathetic losses.).  This game makes me feel like they took their time, and poured themselves over every meticulous detail. Except for fall damage. I mean, seriously. Please fix that, holy sh!t.When it comes to the complaints about this game, they are few. The fall damage is painful. The main mode of transportation in the game is slightly buggy. Aside from that, the game did crash for me quite a bit- at first. With some help from some online forums, and trial and error, it is a rarity that I drop from 60 FPS on ultra quality.All in all, this game deserves more spotlight, more credit, more people playing it and supporting CDProjekt Red. This game has majority of every facet functioning, and polished. It has brought back some hope for the gaming world for me.So please, BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME."
,Recommended,292030,16192735,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,R1K,Best game I've ever played.10/10
,Recommended,292030,15908900,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,yura^,"It's like Skyrim with guns, without guns."
76561198089405128,Recommended,292030,25631259,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,RedDevil_mm,"Amazing game, 10 out of 1080 hours just to complete the story mode, need I say more? :3"
,Recommended,292030,23737740,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Everester,"Three Reviews for Three DemographicsFor the ApatheticFor the Obtuse& For the MeticulousFor the Apathetic:This game and trilogy has absolutely given me the best entertainment experience I’ve ever had in my short life. If you are someone who loves deep stories, if you are someone who is fascinated by european high fantasy, and if you are a person who desires to play a game that allows you to live in a complicated and unique world governed by your own decisions, this is the best gift you could ever give yourself. Be very aware that the Witcher 3 is gritty and dark, be very aware it does not adhere to the mainstream codes of morality, and take note that if you give this game a try, it will most likely consume all of your free time until you are simply forced to lay down your silver blade. Hear me with your eyes, I have never been more certain about anything else, it’s worth it, to don the garment of Geralt, the Butcher of Blaviken.For the Obtuse:BUY THIS GAME AND THE DLC, YOU MORON…& For the Meticulous:Most of us are in a giant rotting hole of amusement fatigue. Let’s face it, we consume so much♥♥♥♥♥♥its numbing to think about. Our ancestors from just the last two centuries would all have consecutive fatal strokes if they knew how much heathen filled content we have at our finger tips. However, I’m sorry Great Great Grandma, this is my life, I need to have my avatars. I need my buff pale skinned mutants.Because we are addicted to entertainment, at times it becomes simply annoying to wade through all of the games, movies, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ music, and generic television shows to satisfyingly find something that pulls hard on our emotional heart strings and lets us live the role we desire. Not only that, but to find a work of art that genuinely takes us into another world and covers us in believable glory. This regular priced game and all of its characters gives that to me on a giant elegant platter filled with blood, sex, and vampire guts. Geralt of Rivia is the ultimate example of what it is to successfully discover perfection digging through the muck, he is a unique and a blindingly shiny diamond in the rough.Twenty minutes into ANY of the Witcher games in the trilogy, I’ve been transported into a scenario where I’ve experienced numerous emotional ♥♥♥♥♥♥s. A feeling of intense euphoria where I am treated like an adult! Fragments of time I will never forget until the day I die. A piece of my reality that is taken far away and transformed into a fascinating dream. With Witcher 3 ‘The Wild Hunt’, you feel baptized in the unholy waters of an otherworldly creation…  AND THAT’S EXACTLY WHAT I WANT!Thank you CD Projekt RED & Thank you Andrzej Sapkowskihttp://angryjellyfishs.livejournal.com/To read the full meticulous review, click above. (Its a link to a blog, not a virus or porn)Thanks for reading,EverFor Ciri!"
76561197992035921,Recommended,292030,21447272,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,| n s a n i t y,"If you didn't play previous Witcher games, you will like this game.If you played Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings, you will love this game.If you played both Witcher 1 and Witcher 2, you won't even need to read the reviews before buying this game."
,Recommended,292030,16536836,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Wendy,"One of the best games i have ever played, no small feat that, the only people bad reviewing this game are people who can't seem to read specs.so if your pc can handle this game and you like RPGs you should get it.Just Get It.Edit: The game is a benchmark that other games will take years to reach it's level, The best rpg to date, maybe even the best game to date."
,Recommended,292030,34330976,Posted: 18 August,all,🅺🅾🆅🅴🆃🆂🅺🆈_🆆🅵,"Каждый год появляется все больше и больше интересных игр, заслуживающих наших высших оценок. The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt возглавляет этот список для меня уже второй год. Это просто шедевр. Красивые пейзажи, море квестов(которые действительно интересно выполнять), много мата(мне и правда кажется, что тут без него никуда - речь становится куда интереснее и веселее), прекрасные локации, в которых водятся много разных и даже порой красивых чудовищ. Начало игры приятно удивило, мало того, что Йен, да да, это она, та которую Геральт любил, так еще и Цирилла. Путешествие чудесное, необыкновенное, полное опастности начинает с таких нот, это просто .... Слов нет, чтобы описать такое. Дальше спойлерить не буду, так как игра стоит того, чтобы вы её прошли раз и поняли, что эта игра прекрасна.Все в этой игре связано, сначало нужно подумать, что отвечать в диалогах, а то потом все изменится.Прекрасные доспехи и их чертежи, которые так и ждут своего обладателя в пещерах полных чудищ. Монолиты силы, множество навыков и многое другое вы можете найти в Велене, Новиграде, Скеллиге и еще + доп локации с дополнений Heart of stone, Blood and Wine.Музыка в Witcher 3 очень приятна на слух, во время битвы она превращается в динамичную, когда входишь в темную пещеру или в другие неприятные места, она начинает нагнитать, ну и куда уж без романтики)Игра очень требовательная к ПК, но даже с менее мощным, она интересна.Nvidia hairworks, волосы становятся более натуральными и их больше.Купил игру давным давно, а обзор написать решился только сейчас, так как я просто не могу от неё оторваться.Графика: 10/10.Сюжет: 10/10.Геймплей: 10/10.Музыка: 12/10.Атмосфера: 10/10.DLC: 10/10.и напоследок совет тем кто будет проходить признавайтесь в любви только одной из двух девушек) и лично для меня эта игра без минусов)Итог: Я рекомендую эту игру тем, для кого в играх главное сюжет, музыка и графон.TRANSLATION TO ENGLISHEach year there are more and more interesting games that deserve our highest ratings. The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt has been heading this list for me for the second year. It's just a masterpiece. Beautiful landscapes, a sea of ​​quests (which are really interesting to perform), a lot of mate (I really think that here without it anywhere - it becomes much more interesting and fun), beautiful locations in which there are many different and even sometimes beautiful monsters. The beginning of the game pleasantly surprised, not only that Ian, yes, yes, this is she, the one that Geralt loved, so also Cyril. The journey is wonderful, extraordinary, full of opacity begins with such notes, it's just .... There's no words to describe it. Next spoiler will not, because the game is worth it so that you have gone through it once and realized that this game is beautiful.Everything in this game is connected, first you need to think what to answer in the dialogues, and then everything will change.Fine armor and their drawings, which are waiting for their owner in the caves of complete monsters. Monoliths of strength, many skills and much more you can find in Velen, Novigrad, Skellig and more + additional locations with additions Heart of stone, Blood and Wine.The music in Witcher 3 is very pleasant on hearing, during the battle it turns into a dynamic one, when you enter a dark cave or in other unpleasant places, it starts to rot, well, and where without romance)The game is very demanding to the PC, but even with less powerful, it is interesting.Nvidia hairworks, hair becomes more natural and more.I bought the game a long time ago, and I decided to write a review just now, since I just can not tear myself away from it.Graphics: 10/10.The plot: 10/10.Gameplay: 10/10.Music: 12/10.Atmosphere: 10/10.DLC: 10/10.And finally advice to those who will pass admit to love only one of the two girls) and personally for me this game without cons)Bottom line: I recommend this game to those for whom the main story, music and grafon are in the games."
,Recommended,292030,15938141,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Roadman Shaq,"This is the best RPG I've played for many years. The open world is huge, characters are deep and well developed, you can feel this world is breathing. There are many things to do - main story, side quests, witcher bounties, brawling, Gwent (great mini-game), horse racing and exploration of the world. You can't tell the quality difference between the main story and side quests, because they're both really well made. I recommend this game to every RPG fan out there, especially for people who like a mix of fantasy and real life struggles full of things such as conflicts and omnipresent intrigue."
,Recommended,292030,16177831,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,wade the brain mcclain,"A massive RPG in scope and lore, Witcher 3 delivers on every level. With scenarios that range from fending off racists who want to burn an elf in her own home, to deciding if the murderous succubus deserves to live and run or fight and die, Witcher 3 brings a variety of quests unlike any other game.The game runs wonderously on my mid-range rig (FX-8350, R9 270x) at 50-60fps with medium-high settings (and ♥♥♥♥ing hairworks off). While the graphics have been downgraded from the E3 and VGX trailers, the final product still delivers with beautiful and varied environments and characters.Combat has also been improved from pervious installments. Changing your tactics as you go from slaying lowly bandits to shooting Wyrens and Forktails out of the sky is incredibly fun. It does take a little getting used to, but nowhere on the levels of Witcher 2.Storywise is where the game really shines. CDPR has made a world that really feels human, even though many of it's inhabitants aren't. The voice acting is great and though there are a few reused voice actors, it's nowhere on the scale of one of Bethesda's games.Sadly, the game isn't perfect. Just like others in it's genre, it has it's share of gamebreaking bugs and glitches. Many times I had to reload a save because an NPC I was supposed to follow didn't move, or Geralt decided to never swing his sword or cast any signs. My biggest gripe with the game however, is it's conclusion. I won't spoil anything but it's a big ""what? who?""Finishing off, Witcher 3 is an excellent game. My first playthrough took me 103 hours and I didn't even finish all the side quests, witcher contracts, and treasure hunts. Hell, my gwent collection is embarrassing, I don't even have a full monster deck. Though it is ripe with glitches, the good really outshines the bad. Witcher 3 is one of the best open world RPGs ever released."
,Recommended,292030,27566613,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cosmic Cousin,"This is the greatest and best Game in the world... Tribute. (TLDR)So I played the first Game that came to my headJust so happened to be,The Best Game in the World, it was The best Game in the World.Look into my eyes and it's easy to seeOne and one make two, two and one make three,It was destiny.Once every hundred-thousand years or so,When the sun doth shine and the moon doth glowAnd the grass doth grow...This is not The Greatest game in the World, no.This is just a tribute.Couldn't remember The Greatest Game in the World, no, no.This is a tribute, oh, to The Greatest Game in the World.All right! It was The Greatest Game in the World,All right! It was the best mutha♥♥♥♥in' Game the greatest game in the world.*This Review was not Sponsored by the band Tenacious D*"
,Recommended,292030,15974030,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Noxxys,Couldn't find a stable rating for the Witcher 3.5 hours played: 8/1010 hours played: 9/1015 hours played: 10/1020 hours played: 11/10Still playing...
76561198007539033,Recommended,292030,23822541,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,The Nac Mac Feegle,"Perfection.Ocassionally unstable perfection.Brace yourselves dear readers (count: 0) and fleeting glancers (count: who knows), for this game has supplanted Deus Ex: Human Revolution as my favourite PC game of all time.I say this game is perfect, because in my mind it is. I don't mean to say it is utterly void of faults - as I mentioned already it has a few problems with crashes, and some character models are dismayingly behind those of more prominent components to our experience - but as an RPG game, as a gaming experience, as a fantasy experience and as an audiovisual experience I have never touched any game so utterly enjoyable in all my years of gaming.You know what, people get far too easy a ride saying graphics aren't everything. Those people are full of it: graphics can make ahugedifference for things like immersion, and gods help me I have never seen any game as beautiful, as vibrant, as sphincter-tighteningly jaw-dropping as this one. I kid you not I have been set to 'walk' for theentiretyof my playing experience to date - with the exception of during combat - because I am brought to verge of ecstasy any time a storm blows in overhead while I walk through a woods, rocks cracking and twigs snapping in the canopy above as the foliage heaves to and fro~ Said ecstasy has reared it's delgihtful head again when I've rounded a bend on a track and been smacked in the face by the most gorgeous and convincing god rays ever put into a game as a golden sunset has bathed a deep landscape in beautiful tones. Distant objects are blurred and mixed in a way that suggests an animate oil painting, of a quality such as was never quite achieved by the great masters - if they are dotted with sleepy hamlets, outsized windmills, epic citadels or just farmlands and hilltops, all the better.The gameplay/story, for the two things can hardly be separated, are likewise surpassing. Conversations of a vaguely Bioware mold are often entertaining - brought to life by Geralt's surpassingly expressive and graphically beautiful face, among other things - and they always lead to interesting questions. The storyline is deep and interesting - sometimes quite funny, too - and some of the characters are truly excellent.Enemies roam the countryside - solo or in packs, some of them are shockingly vicious and deadly (you haven't been one-hit until you've been one-hit by a giant swooping Gryphon with a skull for a level marker), curious ""?"" signs dot the maps (each suggesting a likely violent point of interest), and seamlessly integrated quest encounters fill the hitherto hidden stages of the landscape fully and delightfully.Some might say combat is a little simplistic, but it is only as simple as you make it. Technically you can simply navigate most fights by rolling under blows and slowly picking off small chunks of health, but that would ignore the swarms of options at your finger tips for agumenting your craft - magic 'signs' which are somewhat remeniscent of simple Star Wars force powers, targetted oils to coat your blades with, potions to drink before battle - don't drink too much, or your blood toxicity may reach dangerous levels! - and various secondary weapons can all be brought to bear.All of this takes place in a dark, vicious, forbidding and absorbing universe that is far more realistic and convincing than anything from that exaggerated pile of guts and horse dung that is Game of Thrones.This game is epic, it is memorable, it is gorgeous and it is massive.Perhaps the best praise I can offer this game is that which I have offered friends in person:""Remember the way your mind's eye filled in all the details in those old game worlds from games like Diablo, D2, Dungeon Seige, Baldur's Gate, etc? Remember how in your mind you turned the environments into three dimensional experiences? Well, The Witcher 3 is all of those fantasies made stunningly beautiful, not only meeting your wildest dreams but surpassing them in myriad, wonderous ways.Play this game! No matter the price (but I got it on a pretty juicy sale)10/10."
,Recommended,292030,16008870,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,[x] Taan,"One of the greatest games I've played in my life.Graphics are beautiful. The world feels alive and even the smallest side quest is written with true care of the backstory. I imagine Sapkovski participated in the writing. The story, the cinicism, the humor, the horror and despair of the world are conveyed to the player in a great way.CDPR, you really earned your money!"
76561198060203956,Recommended,292030,25353655,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Metsakurat,"The Witcher 3 is an ethereal experienceWitcher 3 is an open world action RPG and the best monster hunter game on the market.The main story is great. The expansion pack stories are even better but where the game shines at is it's vast and detailed open world map. You can literally roam the lands and make a living as a professional monster slayer.The game is such a wonderful piece of art i'm not exactly sure how to describe it. How to do it justice.StoryWitcher 3 is a sequel to The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings (obviously). You play as Geralt of Rivia, a professional monster slayer. Geralt is informed that Ciri, his former adoptive student, has returned to this world and is hunted by the Wild Hunt, a race of evil spectral elves who are out to capture Ciri and use her abilities for who knows what evil purposes.You are on an epic quest to find your former ward, stop the Wild Hunt and deal with all kinds of thieves, monsters, royals and sorceresses that get in your way.GameplayIt's a dynamic third-person action game. You carry two different swords with you: Silver and steel. Silver sword is for monsters and the steel one is for humans, elves and animals.""This is my sword, this is my blade. One is for killing...The other one is also for killing...""You can now use a crossbow as well. Very useful for shooting down flying monsters. You can still use your ""magical"" abilities. Knock your oponents back, shield yourself, burst out a stream of fire and of course make people magically agree with you.What's especially great is that you can now use a horse to travel around the world. You can still walk, run and sprint but you can now do that on horseback as well. You can...HAVE to use boats now as well to reach different places in the game.There's A LOT to do. Different side-quests, monster contracts, hidden treasures, shrines and more to discover and complete. About the contracts...monster hunting. It's amazing! You question the townsfolk, track monsters, bait them and slay them. You're just like a real monster hunter. It's a truly magnificent experience!Another new little cool feature is of course armor crafting and looting. Geralt now has access to loads of different armors which you can find and equip by crafting and looting. Same goes for weapons. You can also upgrade your armor and weapons with runes and oils. You can also ""upgrade"" your horse to make it run for a longer period of time or make him a bit more brave. Roach gets scared of monsters easily.Oh did I mention you can participate in horse racing and street fighting? You can! You can also play cards and visit brothels to ummm...relax!PerformanceThe Witcher 3 is pretty well optimised but since it's such an amazing looking game it still requires quite a beast of a machine to run it on max settings.Such a huge game does not come without problems tho. I've seen my share of graphical glitches. While these are never something game breaking they can still break your immersion from time to time.The game looks absolutely stunning. The music is something you could just sit and listen to for hours. The voice acting is top notch and sound effects are decent enough as well.Animations can be a bit weird sometimes but they do the job. Ahhh what am I whining? The animations are alright."
,Recommended,292030,16053213,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,HateBreeder,"Best RPG I've played in my entire life. Also among my Top 5 list of best games I have ever played. One of the best series ever made.Gameplay is better than ever: fluid, responsive, challenging even on Normal (currently playing on ""Blood And Broken Bones"" which is even more challenging and rewarding), gory as hell (there's a new dismemberment system in the game) and, of course, tons of fun to play. There are times that I really don't mind repeating certain quests (due to failure, etc) because the combat is so much fun. And yes, Geralt can finally jump!Graphics look fantastic, I don't even need to talk about them, just look at the screenshots I took in-game.The Witcher games have always been known by their amazing and epic soundtracks (be it in-game during combat/exploring or even just during cutscenes) and what they've composed and created for this game is nothing short of beautiful and immersive. Some of the best soundtracks I've ever heard in my life.And now, for the Story. Wow. I don't even know where to start because it's just so well made and implemented throughout the game. Even choices that you make during side-quests have impact on the main storyline quests. Everything just ties together. Alot of old friends/characters from the previous game appear here in The Witcher 3, which some of them really took me by surprise. Simply one of the best stories ever made (also thanks to the books prior to the games). I really recommend playing, at least, The Witcher 2 before starting playing The Witcher 3 but there's no need to worry if you've never played any of them. The game introduces you to everything in a really good and functional way.Honestly, one of the few games that's really perfect to me. I would honestly rate it a 10/10. There's even 16 FREE DLCs.Congratulations to CD Projekt RED for achieving such a masterpiece of a game. Buy it. Support these amazing developers!"
76561197990766081,Recommended,292030,31502646,Posted: 2 May,all,Grendel,"This is prob my favorite action / rpg....maybe even favorite game atm.  I could not run it when I first got it and after a new video card it looks better still than almost all new games.  So, I am just now getting into the Blood an Wine and Heart of Stone expansions after upgrading to the GoTY or whatever and they seem great so far.  Ive seen GoTY for a paltry $10 I think so I would jump on that sale if you have not gotten this game for whatever reason.  I felt compelled to write a review after severing someone's legs and then beheading them with the reverse swing of my sword...the moments like that make the combat great."
,Recommended,292030,15894355,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,ZaSpecialist,"Ok, so it's 2 AM, time to fire up this bad boy for 1 hour before I go to bed and wake up for work, since I try to be a responsible person.Importing Witcher 2 saves, picking hardest difficulty to feel like a true witcher, turning mini map off and other hud elements for a perfect immersion, so far so good!Tutorial part, very instructive...some cut scenes, some dialog, gorgeous environment everywhere I look, game runs smooth, really letting my inner kid enjoy this game. So far so good, but WAIT! tutorial part is over, I am thrown in the open world area...WHAT TO DO? so many choices!!! I go pick up some quests, I do a small one just for the funs, some dialog, some tracking...finished it with such excitement and felt very rewarding.Ok well this didn't seem to take to much of my time...but what is this!? Birds sing outside and its breaking dawn as I stare through the window....CRAP!! It's 5:30 in the morning and I still crave for more contracts...."
,Recommended,292030,17609569,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Zero,"I was only 9 years old. I loved Witcher  so much, I had all the books and movies. I pray to the Witcher every night before bed, thanking it for the life I've been given. ""Geralt is love"" I say, ""Geralt is life"". My dad hears me and calls me a mutant. I knew he was just jealous of my devotion to the Witcher. I called him a bloede dh'oine. He slaps me and sends me to go to sleep. I am crying now, my face hurts. I lay in bed and it's really cold. A warmth is moving towards me. I feel something  touching me. It's Geralt! I am so happy! He whispers into my ear, ""I am the White Wolf"". He grabs me with his powerful Witcher hands and puts me on my back. I'm ready. I prepare my body for Geralt. He begins the Trial of Grasses. It hurts so much, but I do it for Geralt. I can feel my insides tearing as my eyes start to water. I push against this force. I want to become a Witcher. I roar in a mighty roar as  I conquer the Trial. My dad walks in. Geralt looks him straight in the eyes and says, ""Law of Surprise."" Geralt leaves through my window. Witcher 3 is love, Witcher 3 is life."
,Recommended,292030,24148847,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Telep0rting Awes0me Guy,"A true masterpiece, the story, the presentation, and the overall sequence as well execution is one for brilliant in no way has another game achieved this much success in its lore and the way its beautiful,enlightening story is brought to the player.While its combat and game-play as well sandbox options may not be favored by many, however this is a game heavily store focused even more so then mafia 2 and for that game i did mention it heavily however i'll repeat please do not buy this game expecting a game like skyrim or so, this is a heavily story,lore focused game and in succeeds in that in every single way.Gameplay+ A fine variety of monsters & bosses to fight.+ Detective like quests, hunting for clues etc.+ A extensive variety of armors/swords and usable items.+ Big variety of quests to do, all of which are worth-while.+ Mod support brings opportunities for community creativity.+ The collision detection is a lot better then many games today.+ No more Qte's in hand to hand combat or so. ( great decision )+ All sorts of stuff to upgrade, weapons, character signs(spells ) etc.+ The game rewards exploration, as well quite of lot treasures & stuff to find.+ The combat requires usage of signs,oil ( on your swords ) & more at times.(This is very varied, many people do not favor the combat however many do)+ Weapons/armor need to be repaired after extensive use, provides further challenge.+ Each action you take really feels like made a difference whether it was a village or a town.+ Gwent is easily one of the best mini-games around, very addicting, light-hearted & enjoyable.+ Crafting is a nice mechanic, specially for rare armors you need collect their building scrolls & have the right items.+ Shop/trading system is well managed as well the shop-keepers have limited amount of cash thus you can't keep selling your crap to them further more.+ The movement is delayed purposefully thus it really feels your character has some wait & isn't a walking stick. ( movement style can be changed through settings now )+ The signs(spells) can be game changing at times specially when upgraded, delusion for ex ( You can skip a fight by altering the opponents mind & not having to fight )- Some odd bugs but noticeable bugs.- Horse spawn locations can be improved.- The controls can be improved for easier accessibility.Visuals+Design+ More than 3 wide zones to explore.+ Character models are very good looking.+ Textures are more then amusing for large game like this.+ The character facial expressions are really well animated.+ The sky is spot on, its very fantasy like & beautiful for its part.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=712259039+ Each location feels hand-crafted & not randomly generated.+ The trees are very much alive, they move a lot & so does geralt's hair.+ The menus, loading screens & general u-i have a very good old touch to it.+ The town areas & overall world in general really resembles the old times of europe.+ You can read about every character included in story once you meet them, ( great for newcomers )+ The atmosphere is amazing, the game will give you a sense of depression, a sense of dread & bitterness.+ As you progress along the story, the loading screens are updated with very well artsy artworks with well narrations.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=712251728Its dark, its gritty & its a sad world, the game will give you a atmosphere like that, the visuals & overall design do a great justice to the lore & its world, its bitter & you can see it as well smell it.( I wonder, i wonder what madness lies here )http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=712255242The way it is represented is more than amazing, its a world full of war, dead bodies lying around, social issues and the game does a amazing job at highlighting it and actually letting you see and experience itIn overall design it is near perfect form its visuals,to its presentation, and its overall u-i.Story+ Story quests are really well engaging.+ Good & meaningful variety of endings.+ Extensive dialogue, many different outcomes.+ The lore is very extensive, never has a game had so much of it.+ It makes you feel at times, it will make you cry, it will make you laugh.+ Each character in the story feels life to it, its almost as if another world with living species.+ The pacing is easily one of the best, the way it keeps so much of it well paced is amusing.+ The main character has a lot of complex character to him, he's mature, hes socially awkward while he thinks he doesn't have emotions ( as of being a witcher ) however in reality its the other thingCharacters have life into them, the dialogue is more than good, store quests are very engaging, the lore is one of them most interesting ones, and the pacing is absolutely incredible, the way game does presents its lore, its characters in them most beautiful way i've ever seen.Sounds+OST+ The voice-acting is a job well done.+ Sword, walking & more sounds are great.+ The sounds of the world are very living-full.+ The music is wondrous, its fantasy, & its got a really good tune & feel to it.Great world and general sounds, well done and well done voice-acting and really fantastic music.ExtraOptimizationIts not the best, and can be improved specially when running on higher settings at a higher end computer the game still has fps drops every now and then other than that specially for medium/low settings it can run fine on budget pc's.Hearths of stone ( Expansion )One of the best expansions to date, more characters, more areas, and a another whole certain story for geralt to follow through ! If you loved the base game and i bet it left you begging for more, then just go for this.ConclusionI'm pretty sure i must have left even some things that are not mentioned in this review, its really one the of best story driven games in recent years, it will make you feel emotions, the characters feel alive, the world feels alive and not just randomly generated, there's a whole lot of world to explore, adventures to follow and a whole journey to go through.There's no reason not to buy this game, specially if you like interesting/weird/odd story's, a great sound track, in depth game-play and much more just go and buy this right now. Its one of the true master-piece in recent years.===================================================================Click me and follow us as Curator"
,Recommended,292030,32791245,Posted: 25 June,all,Stoked,"Simply, one of the greatest single-player experiences I have ever had in gaming. This is one of the few games, I feel, that have ever deserved a 10/10 rating. It is absolutely perfect in my eyes, and in the eyes of almost anyone who has played it. To start it off, the combat in the game feels extremely good and is very fast paced. You get that feeling of extreme power, making you think you are a god, while not actually being one. It's the perfect balance of feeling great, while also being challenging. Secondly, the story is flawless. Everything about it had me hooked, making me want to go more in depth in conversations with the characters. I felt real attachment to the characters and started to care about how my relationships with them were. Furthermore, the choices in your dialogue, actions, and quests, actually impacts the way you play the game and the way the game interacts with you. There are, I think, around 4 - 5 endings when it comes to the overall plot of finding Ciri, but there is a cutscene at the end that details the adventure you had with the side characters, and how what you impacted them in the long run. Where if you chose to do more evil things, such as myself, it can show you that when you just killed someone for your own sick pleasure, you actually saved many lives due to the hidden evil of that person you mercilessly slaughtered. Also, the side missions/games. Gwent didn't really strike my personal fancy, but that might be just due to me wanting to play the game instead of investing time into it. Many people I have talked to, actually find that to be one of the better parts of the game. Collecting cards from the world through Innkeepers, and winning rare cards from top tier players in the region, to finally winning tons of money from the grand tournaments. Though I did play Gwent a decent amount, I did not find myself trying to collect rare cards and participate in tournaments. The only thing i played Gwent for was to get out of paying people or to prevent a fight. In Gwent though, there is 1 best deck in my opinion, and that is to spam spy cards, which is just unfun and very lame. The other decks are viable, but it seems to me that the best way to win in Gwent, is to use a spy heavy deck. And finally, the price of the game is absolutely insane. When I got this game with the season pass, it was $35 on a third party website with a sketchy deal as well. The game at the time was still at a $60 retail price, but after having played the game, I would have easily payed $60 plus the $30 season pass without question. Think of the price of games this way, $1 should equal 1 hour of gameplay. And I played this game for about a week straight getting 150+ hours in it. And to now think that the game with season pass is only $40! And dropping down to $25 with a steam sale!!!! If you have the opportunity to pick up this game for such a low price. TAKE IT. The only issue with this game, is that extreme early game is rather boring and dull looking, but is totally overshadowed by the rest of the game's constant action, and breathtaking locations. Take my advice and buy this wonderful game.EXTREMELY Lit Game."
,Recommended,292030,16388666,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Corvo,Better than Skyrim
76561198010733739,Recommended,292030,15901400,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,DoZeBeenZ,"I'll update this review simply because the game is on sale.CDProjektRED have not created a masterpiece with the Witcher 3, in fact the game is host to many glitches and other undesirable problems.However, this game is a must have for anyone who enjoys storytelling done right. Reading the books will immerse you with the characters much more easily, but even without prior knowledge you will be absorbed in a world that never fails to impress you.Here's a few key features that turn this blissful RPG into an absolute necessity for your steam library.I: Rich lore given to you to read at any time (i.e: updated codex and bestiary will provide you with the know-how to defeat monsters, and also give you background on the various supporting characters.II: Visually stunning. Accompanied by top notch audio quality.While the game does fail to meet the impressive 2013 E3 trailers, it will still do the trick. (What mods can't fix cannot be repaired.) The fidelity that CDProjektRED showed was that of an incredible attention to detail. You will find yourself immersed, maybe for an hour, maybe for a day. The trick is not to worry about the visuals, for though they might improve the aesthetic... the real gem lies below!III: Gameplay that isn't perfect, but very fun.So what if it's a bit easy to fight off swarms of enemies by smashing them with Aard and then twirling around like a coked up ballerina? The game is a fictitious work of art, not made to challenge you in the ways that Dark Soul might do, instead you are dropped into a world where your choices matter, and following the trail of your next target can lead you to unforgettable side quests and other manner of enrichment.There are many negatives, and the list is long enough that some people may steer away from this magnificent beast. That, for me, is something each player will experience differently, and remains as much a part of your perception of what the game can truly provide you."
,Recommended,292030,15946559,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Janitor Japes,It's even better than Shrek.
,Recommended,292030,16006829,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jSLhFPbBUvEAbsolutely amazing game with a very intense immersive world and story driven narrative. You'll find yourself getting lost in a beautiful world of swaying trees, burning skies and the helpless lives of the downtrodden citizens of an unforgiving life. Choices you make in this world will make you regret, feel, and crave the next story... from the minor subplots to the main storyline. Nothing feels half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I hate the horse though, that freaking fear level gets me every single time on the Hard difficulty. Also, seeing what happens to the Baron if you save the Orphans broke my soul... who would've thought I could sympathize with an Abusive Husband? The Witcher 3 makes you think about the weight of your actions and whether doing the right thing is the right thing to do."
,Recommended,292030,16507069,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:CD Projekt REDPublishers:CD Projekt REDInitial release:May 2015Genre:RPG, Action, Story Heavy#Worth/NotWorth:#AbsolutelyWorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationAfter 95 hours, I've concluded the main quest line of the game. I still have around 20 quests in my journal. Granted mostly involving Gwent(the collectable trading card game). However there are still a number of contracts left unfulfilled. As well as points of interest unexplored scattered about the map.At some point in the story I came to the conclusion that most of the game was almost entirely scripted into one general narrative. I was wrong. The choices you make are so subtle and dynamic that the story completely and entirely changes the world. This was eluded to by speaking with people at similar points in the narrative who had COMPLETELY different outcomes for specific events. Additionally, its not like Witcher 2 where there were say around 4 or 5 decisions that would turn the tide.  Witcher 3 has more like 50 that are interwoven to a degree that upon completing the game and reading a guide I still do not know all the outcomes nor how to achieve them.Now, this game had a little rough patch at launch. People complaining about character movement speed. A sort of dead zone of zero reaction to immediate sprinting. Character interaction where Geralt would find putting out candles more interesting than opening a chest full of hot loot. I didn't find those issues that much of an annoyance. However, riding Roach (the horse) became at least for me, a sort of nightmare. Roach had trouble starting into a sprint and even more trouble going near things that were not flat ground. Dead stop running next to rocks. Yeah, next to rocks. I soon gave up on trying to get what I'd call medium distances on horseback. I'd use the cantor as the the slower speed allowed for more control. Especially because even though Roach does not lose stamina on roads, he'd also run almost every time when approaching a fork the wrong way and then dead stop next to a rock. But I digress. Those issues are not that big of a deal.The only other glitches I've saw were that of which you'd expect to see in any other open world game.Reading this back to myself, it seems mildly negative. It is not my intention. I just felt those issues needed to be addressed.As far as barrier of entry, this is by far the easiest to get into of the Witcher series. Potions can be crafted at any time and drank during battle. Which is a huge departure from previous iterations. Which, in my opinion is nice but it also takes away from the difficulty. Looking back I wish I had played on a higher difficulty. I went with Normal(Story and Sword) as my previous experience with the series suggested to my feeble mind. Additionally, using alcohest or a strong alcohol to remake every single potion and bomb seemed so trivial. Previously each potion required all ingredients and when it was gone, it was gone. But again, Making it easier usually brings more people in and from a business aspect I completely understand. So it goes.Overall, the way the narrative progression feels so organic that it seems scripted as if you had no choice begin with even though you actually have all the choice. Combined with the dozens of hours of side quests that feel like almost entirely separate plot threads. Rather enjoyable combat that doesn't get tired until well past your interest in the story has subsided. With at times needing to actually read the Bestiary in order to gain the upper hand on a contract. With great voice acting that makes you actually want to listen to the NPC's rather than skip all the dialogue and just ask where the next waypoint is; Makes for such a complete package that it makes me feel emotionally attached. Easily one of the best games I've ever played.Follow my curation for more"
,Recommended,292030,16434766,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,MeyBodyMeySoul,A must buy and the greatest RPG of all time10/10PSThe dlc is the♥♥♥♥♥
76561198058389226,Recommended,292030,15961519,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,ZazzMatazz,Highly addictive 28 hours in and i still feel like i have barely scratched the surfvace of what the game has to offer.
,Recommended,292030,15937260,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,prismarine,11/10 best gameplayed 24 hours of this game and not even done 2 of the story missions
76561198238431002,Recommended,292030,23564475,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,প্রান্তিক,Witcher 3 The Wild Hunt is a once in a lifetime experience.. Its one of those games which makes you feel you will never find a better one.The game has so much content that the exploration is an experience in itself.. Thank you CD projekt for this beautiful masterpiece..
,Recommended,292030,15891951,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Dan,I've already had more sex in this than I have in real life.
,Recommended,292030,26541438,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Dark Lothbrok,3 WORDS...BEST GAME EVER.
,Recommended,292030,18483287,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Rasmus,"WITCHER 3: THE WILD HUNTThe Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is one of my favourite games, and for good reason! CDPR really shows you make a fantasticgame with their continuation of the book series by the Polish Andrzej Sapkowski, featuring Geralt of Rivia, a witcher on the jorney to find his adopted daughter Ciri, who is part of a old prophecy of the worlds end.No game is absolutely perfect, but The Wild Hunt comes close! You will find hours upon hours of content in this Story rich, Open world, roleplaying game as you come across all kinds of unique towns, cities, people and monsters on your jorney. The scenery is amazing and the graphics are great. An absolutely 10/10 game, if not 9/10 due to minor gameplay irks.PROS:+ Very well crafted story and choises.+ Well written and performed characters, especially in the Family Matters questline.+ Immersive, big world full of things to do.+ Best sidequests ive seen in a game. Each has its own story and own cutscenes.+ Great sound design! Forests and towns feel so alive with the trees and leaves making sounds in the wind and towns full of chatter and people during the day.+ OST is fantastic.+ Gameplay feels overall smooth+ I have a hard time thinking of bad things to say in this reviewCONS:-Gameplay can get quite unbalanced late into the game. Your character can get overleveled and enemies become quite easy tasks to handle, even on the highest difficulty. (New expansion seemed to change this a little)UPDATE: BnW added a scaling system to the base game, which fixes this completely. Enemies once again offer a challenge at high levels.- Has various bugs, but not too many. Expected from a game big as this. Devs have fixed most though.- Some story aspects releate to the older games and even the books so they might be hard to get for newcomers.- No cutscene pausing- Bosses weren't that unique but still fine.I loved almost every second i played, so far i've finished the game 2 times, and finishing up everything including treasure hunts, side quests and other activities such as horse races and fist fights, gave me a good 100-140 hours in one playthrough of the game. W3 has plenty of free DLC content, which include armor packs, new Witcher Contracts and quests among other things. The game also contains a season pass for the 2 expansions that are coming out for it, Hearts of Stone (Out now!) and Blood and Wine, which both will most likely contain 30-40 hours of new content combined.EXPANSIONS(Will extend here once they're out]HEARTS OF STONEHearts of Stone, the first expansion for W3 is now out and i've ploughed through the monster with 10-20 hours of playtime. The first expansion already set expectations for the next one high as it almost or did top the main story with it's eerie and mysterious tale of Gaunter O' Dimm, the Man of Glass and Olgierd Von Everrich, the immortal nobelman who signed a pact with Master Mirror.Geralt gets tangled up in the mess of a contract between these two as he getscaptured by foreign soldiers and gets saved by O' Dimm, but having to return the favour later, by helping O' Dimm finalize his and Olgierd's pact. Many advetures ensue from raising the dead to party to robbing banks and haunted mansions. A very mysterious and eerie expansion, with its funny and great moments. New gear, gwent cards, ares and story with a soundtrack to make chills run down your spine.PROS+ Brand new story, which in my opinion topped the original. Very dark and eerie+ New areas and new loot+ Fantastic characters+ Music made the expansion for me.+ Bossfights were way more unique than in the base game.CONS:- Barely any useful new skills- New echantment service costs way too much- Wish it was longer, i enjoyed it a lot.BLOOD AND WINEFinally the final expansion is out, and as being the last adventures of Geralt of Rivia it's very bittersweet. You take on the last contract from the Dutchess of Toussaint, the character known before from the book series, Anna Henrietta to get rid of some kind of beast thats plaguing the peaceful land of wine. You meet old friends and brand new characters along the way on this amazing last adventure.The expansion itself offers a lot of new content. Around 30-40+ hours of playtime, of course depending on how you play it yourself. As opposed to the first expansion Hearts of Stone, Blood and Wine offers a lot more fleshed out sidequests to do and also features a completely new land seperate of the other previous ones, unlike HoS which was connected to Velen. New monsters, witcher gear upgrades, loot and other features such as Mutations.Toussaint is a beautiful land, full of rich scenery and sunny days and is untouched by the raging war in the other, dark-skied regions.PROS+ Almost full game lenght story and expansion, ""CDPR makes a full game and sells it as an expansion""+ Completely new, beautiful land added to the game, Toussaint+ New level of Witcher gear, mostly based on fan requests.+ A lot of side things to do.+ Many different endings and choises so replayability.+ Update with the expansion overhauled and fixed a bunch of things with the base game, such as the UI and scaling issues.CONS- Hearts of Stone had the superior main story, but not by a whole lot.- Will eat your life away for a while- Last adventure of Geralt, very bittersweet- Could use more conversions with characters from the base game (You get very minimal amounts at the end)- Grandmaster Witcher gear is mad expensiveEndhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=715192086It's been a fun adventure. Massive thank you to CDPR for the wonderful game, story and experience they brough to use last year, and this year."
,Recommended,292030,23737788,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Jaime Lannister,Best game ever
,Recommended,292030,23287285,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,nfshrk™ ( gone busy 360 days ),"I have never played any of the first two Witcher games . Wow. This game is truly astounding.I went into playing this game not really knowing what to expect, although I had heard good things    about it . The Witcher 3 because of the significant difference in pacing.However, they're two completely different games and the Witcher certainly proved itself to me. From the amazing sceneries to the engaging story, this game is definitely praiseworthy.However, the most compelling part of the story for me was definitely the characters. The character development in this game is amazing, and I truly began to feel a sense ofcomfort and love for nearly all of the characters. I loved the characters and lore of this game so much, in fact, that I actually played through the game multiple times,covering the main story and various side quests. It is very easy to put in over 150 hours into this game . This game does not fail to impress and I can't wait for the last DLC .I wish every developer must learn from CD Projekt Red for making a good dlc for a worth buying season pass. Heart of stones expansion is great dlc which i ever played, hopefully Blood and wine also do the same cuz it is the last journey of Geralt so it will be amazing too .Hopefully you give it a shot, in my books its a must buy . I bought A retail GOG version first on the release time now i bought this game again on steam so u can guess how much this game means for me . Congrats to CD Projekt Red for creating such a magnificent experience withTHE WITCHER 3  ..."
76561198215293812,Recommended,292030,28755869,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,philip_abba,"Where do I start?The Witcher 3 is a legendary game, and I have the highest praise for CD Projekt Red. It is, without a doubt, the best game I have ever played, and I haven't finished the full story yet. In this review, I will talk about several different things: Graphics, Gameplay, Story, Soundtrack and Voice Acting, and Bugs/Issues.Graphics: The game is stunning. It has some of the most realistic graphics I have seen in a game, and the perfect lighting system as well as engine works extremely well. The visuals are incredible. There is detail down to individual blades of grass, HairWorks (if you can run the game at more than 10fps with it on) operates virtually seamlessly, the water and rain effects, as well as even foliage, makes this game somewhat unique in my mind. There are also some little things that make the game that much more incredible - animations on characters and monsters alike.Story: The Witcher 3 has one of the most incredible storylines that I have ever had the pleasure of going through. There are 3 very different endings and about 36 different ones regarding small factors. This game isn't like Skyrim in the way that in Skyrim you create your own adventure, while in The Witcher you join in on a giant adventure. Its pacing is amazing - the story never gets dull, and (at least for me) the sidequests never get boring, although a few people I know say they get repetitive, which I myself have not noticed. Almost everything you do has an impact, both long-term and short-term, which is something I myself found quite interesting, as I had to think about the consequences of my actions which is something most games I have played don't offer. The game never gets dull, the story is consistent, and I never feel restricted while playing. Good show.Gameplay: The Witcher 3 handles very well, with a great combat system, although it does have a few issues here and there (I'll talk about that later). The movement is fluid, the spellcasting is easy, and the alchemy plays an important part (it was something I wanted to follow along, Fullmetal Alchemist style) which is a good thing. Playing The Witcher 3 feels like Geralt is a Witcher, a spellcasting warrior who drinks magical potions to fight better (sounds an awful lot like a night of drinking, but trust me, it's way better and there is no puke after). The physics are great (you can play tetherball with a corpse and it works, but this is just an example). The gameplay is fluid, and, if I had to choose one word for it, I would choose FUN. This game is ludicrously enjoyable to play.Soundtrack / Voice Acting: No complaints whatsoever, great soundtrack that matches the game perfectly. Its Folk music, matching the cultural background of the Witcher as Poland long ago. Speaking of the cultural background, the Witcher features many myths and legends from back then, which was extensively researched by the developers. The result is incredible. The voice actors are also perfect and nail their jobs.Bugs / Issues: There are a few bugs, as with all AAA titles, and the Witcher is no exception. However, these are minor and nothing that reloading the game won't fix. Roach has several problems but because he can respawn from pretty much anywhere and the game won't be strongly negatively impacted. Finally, a slight complaint with the combat is that jumping is replaced by rolling, and there is no way around obstacles. This is only minor though. The glitches that I have encountered aren't game-breaking, and so I wouldn't dwell on them too much.Conclusion:The Witcher 3 is a great game, and I cannot praise CD Projekt Red more. As I said, I'm not yet done with the game, and even I know that it is a gigantic masterpiece. There are a few flaws, as with any game, but the bugs are usually fixable. What I love most are the rich diverse cultural backgrounds of each and every single character, how well each of the characters is presented with voice actos, the incredible beauty of the world, and the deep Roleplay aspect being enhanced by moral choices that affect the game both short and long term. No scale is worthy of this game, but, as I have to limit the game to a scale somehow, it's without a doubt a 10/10. Thank you for reading, and have a good day."
,Recommended,292030,16038961,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Inigo Montoya,"Pretty much a ""must own"" if you're into RPGs. I'll start with the bad:Some issues with the UI that make you spend a little more time in menus than you wish you would and the Audio presentation leaves a little to be desired (in such an outstanding package, the sound engine and immersion does stand out a bit as less than great)Everything else is incredible. The production values are off the scale and the attention to detail is almost unbelievable. The amount of love and care that went into this game makes me smile. I'll sit down to finish one of the main quests, then notice 3 hours have passed and all I've done is fart around the map discovering locations.Every sidequest is interesting. This game could be all sidequests and i'd still play it. Also, the image of walking to a town on horseback at sunset on a clear day will never leave my mind for as long as I live.Once you hit level 10 or so you'll become the boss of bosses and the combat will take a major step up to ""fun as ♥♥♥♥""; So stick with it!"
,Recommended,292030,17777026,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Kylo Ren,"Best freaking game I've ever played. You get the same ""post-anime depression"" feeling when you finish the main storyline. You'll feel all empty inside. It was worth it though."
,Recommended,292030,26951275,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,❖ESILL,────────────────────░███░───────────────────░█░░░█░──────────────────░█░░░░░█░─────────────────░█░░░░░█░──────────░░░───░█░░░░░░█░─────────░███░──░█░░░░░█░───────░██░░░██░█░░░░░█░──────░█░░█░░░░██░░░░░█░────░██░░█░░░░░░█░░░░█░───░█░░░█░░░░░░░██░░░█░──░█░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──░█░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░█░─░█░░░█░░░░██░░░░░░█░░█░─░█░░░░█░░░░░██░░░█░░░█░─░█░█░░░█░░░░░░███░░░░█░░█░░░█░░░██░░░░░█░░░░░█░░█░░░░█░░░░█████░░░░░█░░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░█░░░░░█░░█░█░░░░██░░░░█░░░░░█░─░█░█░░░░░████░░░░██░─░█░░█░░░░░░░█░░██░█░──░█░░██░░░██░░█░░░█░───░██░░███░░██░█░░█░────░██░░░███░░░█░░░█░──────░███░░░░░░█░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░
76561198023065495,Recommended,292030,15912624,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Der fiese Türkise,"Blood, death, boobs..."
76561198076388928,Recommended,292030,16015246,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,British Adam,"Simple. So far, one of the greatest games I've ever played.Having now finished the game - yes it is by far one of the greatest game ever made. I knew it would not disappoint. Absolute gold. Incredible"
,Recommended,292030,15960974,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Dr. He,"There's fear spreading in my heart. Me as a simple person who's always wanting to escape from the oppression of real life, is now freakingly afraid.HOW COME??Because every bit of this game I've played through, it makes me feel like losing something, something that I can only imagine and enjoy in my dreams, something that you can never expect in present world."
,Recommended,292030,17928962,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Rock1m1,"In Witcher games, you play as a Geralt – a famous (or infamous to a lot) member of the chemically and magically transformed orphans turned monster hunters, called the Witcher. Unlike most games, the game does not hide the fact that your protagonist Geralt is not a hero – nor does he particularly want to be – or a villain, he is much more complex for being labelled as much. It is very common for ordinary folk to label him as a freak, or even a monster, but if he needs a label as the society constantly pushes for, he prefers the term -- a Witcher. He is not interested in politics or choosing sides in the ongoing war, he is only interested in solving the ‘monster problems’ and getting some coins in return. That is the way of life of a Witcher, and Geralt proving time and time again to be the person to call when you want a dreaded beast to be taken care off.Leading up to the release, Witcher 3 would very often get compared to the Skyrim, and why not? The Elder Scrolls game is considered as the industry benchmark for doing sandbox RPG – the direction where Witcher 3 was seemingly headed. Both games were fantasy RPGs, with a huge world to explore filled with quests and mysterious begging to be discovered. Once the game got released however, the discussion took a turn and instead focused on the stark contrast between the two games. At that point, trying to draw further similarities with Skyrim quickly ends dead in the water though. Where Skyrim puts fantasy and sandbox gameplay at the forefront, Witcher 3 pushes it to backdrop. Instead, it uses it as a setting to explore mature themes which appear not so different to the time we live in. As you work your way to slaying the monsters, the revelations leading to it often paints a darker scenery. Forcing Geralt – hence the player – to ponder: who is the real monster here, the beast or the man?Players are given full reign over the decisions Geralt faces throughout his adventure. They come in all shapes and forms. What is even more impressive, the effects of these decision are very unpredictable, and can be felt right away or…after several hours. This provides an illusion over the decisions, as the player cannot tell whether the decision will have an impact or not, keeping players from making rash decisions and altering the game world in interesting ways. A lot of games highlight decisions as a major gameplay element, but they never tend to be as far-fetching in their implementation like they are in Witcher 3.Side quests in RPGs provide a great opportunity for developers to explore the game world and provide varied gameplay and story opportunities. But more often than that, the novel idea is pushed aside for the foundation of extending gameplay time and stamp it out for a marketing bullet point. Witcher 3 sets the benchmark for side quests. They are like self-contained stories. Other games could easily package it as small sized DLCs and charge them 5$ for each. I love how the game blurs the line between main quests and the secondary quests. Even the random events have more story in them than most other games do in their Secondary quests. Where many RPGs roundup the secondary quests as means of just extending gameplay time --  often through monotonous means, Witcher 3 takes the high road and uses this opportunity to further flesh out the world and it’s lore.The game caters to a lot of different types of players with varying skill levels. Combat in Witcher 3 can be as easy as hack and slash to careful balancing act of preparation, attack, defense and improvisation; depends on which difficulty you play in. If you are seeking for challenging combat, I really can’t recommend enough for players to start from a higher difficulty -- like Death’s March – to have a reason to use the full range of the combat system the game has to offer. Otherwise hacking and slashing your way from the start to finish works with no problem, making the combat system very one dimensional and empty.So what do I actually mean when I say the ‘full range of combat system’? Well, unlike most games, the actual combat is just one cog in the wheel to defeat a monster. Going into a fight with little to no clue about the monster you are dealing with is a straight up suicide. Lucky for Geralt he is a professional, he would prefer to go through a series of steps before coming across the monster itself. This is yet another one of the areas where the game sets itself apart from the rest. Unlike most games out there, simply stabbing the monster several times with your blade will lead you to an ominous fate (you think the villagers haven’t tried that?). Many of these monsters have very specific weakness: some are bounded by a curse and can be only lifted by doing a specific ritual; others have specific weakness which Geralt can decipher by interrogating the villagers as well as investigating the crime scene. Once you have all the information you need, you are better equipped in dealing with these abominations. Most of these quests are under the ‘monster contracts’ and are scattered across every settlement. They are quite short but manage to contain all the elements which make Witcher 3 great -- in a small package-- perfect if you don’t have much time in your hands.When CD Projekt released the original Witcher, it was a solid effort but nothing quite stood out for it survive the test of time. With Witcher 2 the studio had a much clearer picture of what their game was and it showed; the game had the exterior of a fantasy game, but deep down it was much more than that. It was praised among the critics and created a strong fan base for the developer. Unfortunately game was still not much accessible to the majority of the gamers due to some design choices and balance issues. With the third and final entry—where Geralt’s story is concerned—the studio in Poland have finally come of age. They essentially took essence of Witcher 2 and expanded in every direction imaginable, raising the game to the pedestal of excellence. The game rewarded returning fans by providing them with the deep engrossing gameplay they know all too well and love. At the same time, CD Projekt listened to feedback and improved the core interface and fixed the nuances of the past games. All which worked in tandem to make the entire game much leaner and cleaner for newcomers to get into without much trouble. CD Projekt created an all-round masterpiece, more than worthy enough to stand side by side alongside the greats of its genre."
76561197990667701,Recommended,292030,23928627,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Shablaomi,"This game hurts to play. At first it's like so beautifull and you can't stop playing for hours, and then suddently it stabs you in the hearth leaving you dead on the ground, rotting and alone. Only with maggots and a crow that pecks at your misty eyeball. Because that is how you feel after completing the engrossing story and magnificent side quests. And when you finally manage to let go, the god damn DLC comes out and drags you right back in, and you get depressed all over again when it's over. Greatest RPG ever made, and my all time game. All the feels.8/5 never forget"
76561198040695659,Recommended,292030,17135981,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,King of Logic,"great,  worth every penny"
,Recommended,292030,20556166,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,☀Synestra☀,It's not too often I find a game that has questlines that hit me right in the feels. The game is an absolute masterpiece!! Never gets tired no matter how many times I play through it~
,Recommended,292030,23339595,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Orcidea,One of the best games ever made. Period. Nuff said!
,Recommended,292030,16023748,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,minoreply,"Banged three chicks and told two of them ""I love you"".10/10"
,Recommended,292030,15979260,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Dale Winton,I seen two rabbits humping during a cutscene. 10/10
,Recommended,292030,16154757,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,RedMex,Pro+ Open World+ Mature+ Story+ Side Quests+ Choices+ Combat system+ Signs upgrades+ Fistfighting+ Gwent+ Potion System+ BestiaryConsNo =)VerdictGeralt killed Skyrim
,Recommended,292030,25688121,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Doddery,"good visuals, quests, nice open world, just overall fun."
,Recommended,292030,16010937,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Snake,"I used to be on the ""downgrade!"" bandwagon but the game is so beautifully optimized for PC, has such an enchanting world and superb writing, quests and dialogue and is so polished and bug-free 15 hours in, that I cannot help but give it a huge thumbs up!p.s. The graphics are actually pretty damn sweet, for anyone still offended by the downgrade."
,Recommended,292030,17000471,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Galf,"I did a Witcher marathon, played the first two games again, now I'm 155 hours into The Witcher 3 at death march difficulty, finished the main quest, Some side stuff left to do but decided to not do it for now (I feel dirty playing now that the ending has closed the ties of the story), will probably replay after reading the books.So, I'll try to keep it short, because there is way too much stuff that I could say about this game.First off, this game redefines the genre. Like really. Last time I had such a blast it was with TES : Morrowind, which at the time was too a ""redefining"" game, we've been stuck at ""Morrowind"" stage for a bit more than a decade, hopefully the other developers follow suit and TW3 will be the new standard. (I'm especially deluded with Bethesda, so I hope THEY see their errors, finally)The amount of detail put into everything is groundbreaking, I refused to use fast travel for the first 120 hours of game because literally every time I walked somewhere I discovered new content. Quests aren't ""go fetch 5 pelts"", even the stupidest side encounter leaves you with some good content to explore.Technically, it's not as good as they were advertising last year, but still there's nothing close to this. You'll travel without loading screens everywhere (except region changes), you do not realize how game changing it is to get into dungeons and buildings without loading screens until you experience it. I've been playing this maxed with hairworks @1920x1200 with some tweaks on my rig (i7 4790, GTX 970 G1, 16gb ram) and it's really scalable if you want it to run on lower end machines.Gameplay is great but falls a bit short on expectations by the later stages. It's nothing bad though, just a rebalancing of the signs and skilltrees - the igni sign is just totally bonkers OP and the swords skillset is lackluster, with too many useless skills. The fighting itself is very fun *at high difficulties* - I hope they add another difficulty after Death March though!I've never got a game breaking bug and I've been playing since D1, I put 55 hours into the game in less than a week from release and all that I had to fix was closing MSI Afterburner and Nvidia Shadowplay because they made my game crash randomly.So, a little list of the serious cons I found during my gameplay:- there are two or three dialogue choices later in the game that are badly written. Sadly, they're quite important. They're mostly related to the Djikstra quest lines.- rewards of sidequests are silly and useless way too often. I returned a precious sword after traveling across the world and my reward was, ""after adding some more coin"" according to the guy, 20 crowns. A bottle of water can cost 16 crowns. This repeats itself way too often, also the haggling mechanic is borderline useless when 9 times out of 10 you can haggle only for 5 crowns. Boggles my mind why CDPR thought it was fine - I enjoy questlines, but I also enjoy realistic rewards. This would literally be a 5 second fix, too.- as I said, skill development needs a rework. Right now going for the ""signs"" skillset turns the game into easy mode.- An important character becomes silent, or rather single response (I call it ""Garrus Syndrome"" after the endless ""calibrating"" in ME2.), for the latter half of the game. Which in my case it was 30 hours give or take. She takes important roles during this period and it'd be nice to ask her input on how things are going, or maybe one more quest with her. CDPR is already working on this, though.- inventory could use a weight filter... but they're working on it, patch 1.07 will fix a load of little stuff like this.- THE WATER LOOKS LIKE♥♥♥♥♥ Seriously terrible compared to everything else! If this game had GTA V's water it'd look 9000 times better.Aaand that's it. If I had to give it a score, it'd be a 10/10 even with the little blemishes and the graphics downgrade, because it went in a territory no one dared to step before, came out graciously with a relatively bug free release, and CDPR is taking great care to fix all issues in the days post release. You're not just playing, you're experiencing a story... I can't put into words how many emotions TW3 will bring out of you - PLAY IT."
76561198008662228,Recommended,292030,29884734,Posted: 12 February,all,Triumphatus,"Only one thing to say: This is the game of games. In my opinion, there has never been a better RPG and it will take very a long time until there will be a better one. If you don't buy it, your loss......."
76561197991598380,Recommended,292030,18329485,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,GamerGawd,"In all my 25 years of gaming, I will always remember this game as the one I've always been waiting for and finally experienced.Truely epic in every possible way.Witcher 3 has raised the bar so high, future games will be hard pressed to surpass the sheer brillance and detail Witcher 3 has given us.11/10"
,Recommended,292030,31010644,Posted: 7 April,all,Cottonceed,Great game is great.TLDR;It's great.
76561197993310177,Recommended,292030,27000756,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Madmonkey68,"Video games are unique as a storytelling medium in that not only do they allow for a story to be told, but the player gets a chance to imprint their own personality into the character they are controlling. This leads to an increase in immersion and investment, and something that the Witcher III has done extremely well to make its players feel like they are influencing the world they are inhabiting.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an open-world role-playing game that casts you as a the legendary monster hunter named Geralt of Rivia. You spend most of the game guiding Geralt as he explores a collection of massive open outdoor areas, taking on quests, slaying monsters, talking with people, making difficult moral choices, and gradually leveling up his gear and abilities.The storytelling and art direction impresses more than the raw details, and these are the reasons why The Witcher 3 consumed me. I felt more engaged with the Northern Realms than I ever did Skyrim, and even as the narrative advanced and tension mounted, I was still compelled to take it slow and enjoy every second of it.The Witcher 3 succeeds because it puts people first. More compelling than Geralt’s lofty, heroic journey are the stories about the humdrum, circumstantial horrors of the helpless as they watch their world crumble.That’s where the heart of The Witcher 3 lies: not in its hero, but in the complicated world it brings to life.What most action RPGs fail to achieve is an impactful and deep combat system that works in real time. The Witcher III manages to have a combat system that is both intuitive and swift, but with a surprising amount of depth that allows the player to fight as they see fit.Visually it's fantastic, with a varied array of scenery and wildlife mixed with villages and towns that feel alive, they give the game a very special feeling. I would recommend travelling by horse as much as possible rather than fast travelling, as the amount of details that the developers have put into the world is very impressive and it would be a grueling shame to miss it.Wild Hunt is a grand adventure that feels distinctly of its time. It manages to set new standards for video game technology and story telling while accentuating the fleeting nature of technological achievement as an end unto itself. It is a worthy exploration of friendship and family, mixing scenes of great sorrow with scenes of ridiculous lustiness, tempering its melancholy with bright splashes of joy and merry monster guts.Come for the epic showdown between good and evil and stay for the unicorn sex. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,292030,22419203,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,VandeGarde,"I just finished part one and in it for 117 hours. Never seen anything this big and good so far. The story is epic and the world you're playing in mindblowing. Lots and lots and lots of things to do. Be sure to have a lot of time on your hands. I'm getting ready for part two.I've read the books of Andrzej Sapkowski long before they made this game about Geralt. I didn't play the first episode and only got halfway in the second game. The writing from Andrzej and the first two games......seems they did it all just to exercise for this game. Blood, sweat and tears I imagine but worth every damn second of it....and just half way through. More DLC on the way.Damn this is good.ps. I play on hard in the late evening/night with the lights out and with headphones on and a bottle of whisky in reach. It gets scary, there are monsters. Lots of ugly ones too. You'll need the drink when you play it the way it is supposed to be."
,Recommended,292030,15986160,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Hobbes,"CDProjekt Red's most ambitious game to date...The Witcher 3 : Wild Hunt is the conclusion in the trilogy of the Witcher IP series, and arguably represents CDPR's most ambitious project thus far, taking the lessons learned from the first two games and applying them to the Wild Hunt, creating a large, mostly open world role-playing experience where your choices both large and small will matter. Where morality and consequence will have a telling effect on your experience, and where no single choice is always seen as the ""best"" choice. Full playthroughs of the game clock in at 50-100 hours, and whilst time constraints mean if I wanted to do such a playthrough -and- review the game right the way through I'd not be able to write anything for a few weeks, what I've elected to do is a OCD clearout of the opening zone, which gives a good feeling of ""what is to come"", and also gives a good idea of what you can expect from the gameplay and graphics and the like.The burning question...Everyone has seen the VGX footage by now, the absolutely captivating scenery, the high detail, fantastically furnished terrain, the incidental artistry that made it look like we'd be getting an experience that in terms of art and design would blow the predecessor ""Assassins of Kings"" right out of the water. Then we get close to release, in game footage comes out and what we actually begin to see is that the textures have been substantially downgraded, the details and geometry have been altered, LOD has taken a massive hit in areas (including the use of the old graphic trick of distant fogging to reduce the render budget), and overall, the whole experience feels like it's lost a lot of the fidelity.With the 1.0 release, the criticisms came out thick and fast, and CDPR initially denied that there was a ""downgrade"", opting instead to keep quiet and work on patches to deal with stability, recently they've finally come out and accepted it by way of mea culpa. Presumably because of the fact that there's a Digital Foundry article due soon that would pretty definitively mean they'd have no way to excuse themselves by that point. So now it's damage limitation. The question then is - How big a downgrade is it? First, let's deal with my system specs and my settings :I run a core i5-4670 (haswell), 16 Gig of Corsair Vengeance ram at DDR3-1600, and an EVGA GTX 770, nothing overclocked, but this system is a good testbed for new games. As of 1.03 I can run the game at 1080p at 60fps, though not a lock at that framerate, at ultra for most settings EXCEPT for HairFX, which as expected wrecks framerates across the board.The texturing as of 1.03 with sharpening set to max is a mixed bag, in places it's genuinely high quality, in others it reminds me of those crayola drawings you might have seen with ""My first brick texture"", with no bump or normal mapping. There's an inconsistency present that implies that either there's a serious chunk of work to do with fixing various elements, or that CDPR decided to skimp on texturing where they thought players would not pay serious attention to and just focussed on areas where players would likely be present. Grass and foliage is a mess, it's made of flat textures that can clip the geometry and other decals as well as other items, compared to the VGX footage it's a long, long way back from the highly detailed, low clip texturing that was present. Again, this is stuff that can likely be improved with future patches but right now it's a step down from what was expected.""From a distance"" the game does look genuinely impressive, but get up close and the details fall apart. This is an open world that's been created using watercolour brushes, and that's a problem for people used to the details of say GTA V, where you can go down onto ground level and there's a lot of incidental detail going on.The life of Witchery, poverty, and brutishness...The gameplay also, is something of a mixed bag, both in terms of combat and in terms of inventory manipulation. First and foremost you're now initially limited to three of a given potion, much like estus flasks in Dark Souls, and you can only refill them by meditating, more to the point, you tend to use these ""on the fly"" as opposed to preparing and using them up during meditation. Gone are a lot of the longer term things like using a mix of potions before a major fight and balancing your toxicity before engaging, now toxicity raises and lowers in a dynamic that is based more on consumable timing (in a bit like estus usage). This might be me donning my PC Master Race flag at this point but the game definitely feels like it's been blunted for the console crowd. A lot of the refined approaches in ""Assassins of Kings"" have been simplified to make it more accessible, and not in the good way.The overall feel is a game that seems more 'hurried' in all aspects, there's more speed in the combat, there's more ""rush rush rush"" when you're fighting, and a lot of the thoughtful elements in the moment to moment play have been pared back because the console crowd might find it a bit too hard figuring out why you'd want Cat for a specific area and Tawny Owl for another and preparing accordingly.Yet despite this, there's still hope...The big redeeming feature of the Wild Hunt is the roleplay, I can forgive a lot when the writing and the voice acting and the story is as good as the Witcher has become. Assassins of Kings was one of my top picks at the time for it's brilliant story depth and flexibility, and the Wild Hunt definitely shows off the heritage proudly, allowing you to continue in that vein, with choices that already seem to hint at consequences down the line, even in what is supposed to be the ""tutorial"" area.But then there's the price...Fifty Quid. Nope. So much nope. If you didn't pre-order it and manage to save on it. Or you've got a friend who can source it cheaper through the global markets, so much nope. It's good, but it's not Fifty Quid good. I know there's a push by AAA developers and publishers to raise the price of big budget games up to the level of PS4 and Xbox console prices but get real, this is the internet, and we're not going to pay that for a game that's still not bug free, that -did- suffer the downgrade, and ultimately is a mixed bag overall compared to Assassins of Kings.Verdict :Recommended, but not at £50, wait for it to come down to a more reasonable price"
,Recommended,292030,23332112,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Am,I have only been playing Gwent for the past 15 hours. Please send help.
76561198014781962,Recommended,292030,29688007,Posted: 4 February,all,Woofling Howl,Simply beautiful <3 This game has some of the best characters and music you can find in a game
,Recommended,292030,16928824,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,💛Kohath,Absolutely an amazing game
,Recommended,292030,21333183,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Apprentice Taco,There's more things to do within 5 hours of the game then there is to do in the whole of Fallout 4
76561198085023782,Recommended,292030,16247924,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Führericki,"I just want to say that The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is the best game ever made.CD Projekt Red, as a Pole I am proud of you <3________________________________________________________________Chciałbym po prostu powiedzieć, że Wiedźmin 3: Dziki gon jest najlepszą grą, jaka kiedykolwiek powstała.CD Projekt Red, jako polak jestem z Was dumny <3"
76561198146746417,Recommended,292030,19490429,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,HappyTheDragon,"This has to be one of the most incredible games I have ever played. The graphics are amazing, story is likely the best I have ever experienced in a action game and the world is so big and beautiful 200 hours was gone in the blink of an eye. In my limited experience, I have never seen the main story line and side quests of a game blended better then in The Witcher 3. 10/10. Game of the Year. Hands down."
76561198049335726,Recommended,292030,16013855,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,truserøsk,"I came, I saw, I came again"
,Recommended,292030,15910215,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,ImNoobCarryMe,"Thanks for the open world, this game is The Witcher you know, but much more charming, deeper and addicting than Witcher 2. The stories and characters are amazingly well presented, the world is convincing and beautiful. Its' a must have for all RPG gamers.The optimization is quite nice for a new release, you can hardly tell any difference between ultra and high while most mid-tier graphic cards can run this games smoothly on high settings.Cons-Makes me wanna waste money on two TitanX for 4K."
,Recommended,292030,21297020,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Ret,I like this game.
,Recommended,292030,29487499,Posted: 25 January,all,White Wolf,"Without a doubt, the best game of this generation. Quickly became my favourite game of all time. The music, graphics, characters, story... I can't think of a better game. Even its trailers are incredible. ""Sword of Destiny"" trailer still gives me the chills."
,Recommended,292030,21056328,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,noibn,"The Witcher 3 is one of the most impressive games I've ever played, in terms of scope, story, visuals and content. The size of the open world in this game is simply mind blowing, and it's not just a bunch of emptiness and filler. Pretty much every square inch of the world is drenched in absurd detail, and it's so ridiculously good looking you almost can't believe it. So yeah, I was impressed. Beyond that, the story is a great conclusion to the previous two games (though the plot connections are more in the history of the world and the characters, rather than specific story lines, so it's probably OK for newcomers). The characters are written and voiced really well, as always. As for the gameplay, it's pretty good overall. Although the combat can get somewhat repetitive after a while, there are enough different types of scenarios to keep you on your toes, as far as changing up battle tactics and selecting different items and potions to use, etc. As for the story, the main quest is great, but there are also tons and tons of side quests, which make up the main meat of the game. Some of the side quests are very simple and short, but many are just as in-depth as the main story quests. There is very little pointless filler, aside from some collectible-oriented quests. The variety of quests is also excellent - there's a great balance of combat, exploration, and detective work. Oh, and on top of all this, there's also a full-fledged collectible card game you can play, which is really fun. The game does have a few downsides and annoyances that come up every once in a while, so it's not exactly perfect, but the negative points were inconsequential to me, when taken as part of the whole package.I've put over 150 hours into this game (though that's playing with a 100% completion/exploration type of mindset, so your playtime may vary, depending on how deep down the rabbit hole you go), but either way, have no fear that there isn't enough content for the price. In summary, I can say with no reservations that this is one of the few $60 games I've ever played that is actually worth every single penny of the asking price, plus more. So if you enjoy action style RPGs, don't hesitate to pick this up. The only reason I would say not to buy it would be if your PC isn't able to run it well. This is a game that deserves to be seen in its full glory at maximum settings to truly appreciate what a work of art it is."
,Recommended,292030,16575244,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,PDK,"This may contain spoilers but I will try very hard to get at the meat and potatoes without spoiling anything. My first playthrough was on Death March with about 95%+ completion/ exploration spanning 144 hours.Okay let me start by saying GGAT. Greatest Game All Time. Move over Zelda.Witcher 3 Takes over a few months after the events in Witcher 2. Nilfgaard Is on the Attack once again and the Northern Realms are in shambles. Everything south of Redania is under Nilfgaardian occupation and in a move of genius/insanity King Radovid attacked his, leaderless ally, Kaedwen and taken it has his own. This sets the stage of Red versus Black, Redania versus Nilfgaard, with Temeria serving as a No-Mans-Land growing more destitute and plagued as time goes on. An epic backdrop for this fantastic story to be told.Our hero Geralt, having recovered his memories, sets out to find his beloved Yennefer of Vengerberg. Geralt received a letter from her saying that she would meet him in White Orchard. So after a fantastic plot filled tutorial our journey really begins. From the very beginning we see that witcher 3 has improved upon 2 in more ways than just stellar graphics. The combat is still very much like 2, but now we have reposte as a staple ability not a researched one. NICE. Second we have a new dodge move, instead of a full roll its a mellow jump back cut that I like to call The Matador. Once I finally got a stong handle on the fighting it became so much fun to mix and match everything. Especially when an almost nonchalant chain of Matador dodges are executed to evade and slice a whole mob of drowners and nekkers without taking a hit. Reposting is also very strong, and for my tastes very fun. Reposting in this game is a nice mix of an Assassin's Creed meets Chivalry: Medieval warfare style. One can not just sit back and cheeze hold reposte and get it to work. It has to be timed perfectly by watching the enemies attack animations like in Chivalry or kind of like the Batman games. There is also the good old hold and wait block as well, but more things will knock back and stun and just negate a turtle blocking style. The larger monsters in the game often cannot be blocked, reposted or Matador'd. So proper, Witcher 2 style, super roll dodges are needed.   Whats best of all is that they are all balanced and stong/weak in certain situations so you can and must use the full arsenal to excel. A wonderful job was done making witcher 2 better, instead of trying to reinvent the wheel into something new and most likely stupid. Combat is great in this game. It might not be the end all be all that some people want, however, I love it.Along with the combat the new gear is well done also. There is a lot more of it. Instead of daggers Geralt gets a crossbow, much to the discontent of Pope innocent II and indigenous griffins. There are way more things to craft. There are Witcher sets as well that are really powerful. They have upgrade tiers as well, so as you progress you can upgrade them to improve their stats and looks and everything else about them. Each set is based on a Witcher school so each has a playstyle focus. Cat increases raw damage ( my favorite, because you know.... I like to hit dragons for 1000 damage a strike and what not) Griffin increases sign intensity, Bear increases adreniline generation and some others. There are more potions, like Whale which increases underwater breathing and new ""potions"" called Decoctions, which are made from monster specific mutagens that grant long term buffs. For example a favorite decoction of mine is the Ekhidna. When stamina is used (signs) life is regenerated. Combo that with full adrenaline and a Superior Blizzard potion ( signs dont cost stamina with full adrenaline) you truly become The Beatdown and can juggernaut fight most things in a proper Skellige manner.The skill trees have been tweaked and changed. They are in 3 familiar arcs, but there are way more to play with. I love trying to mix and match skills into uber builds. I had such a nice time in Witcher 2 doing so. Witcher 3 has even more. The major change, however, is to the mutagens. Instead of specific skills with a slot, there are 4 level locked hub/ slots that branch into 3 skills. So say one wants to use Red Mutagens to get 5% more sword damage. First you drag and drop a sword tree skill into one of the 3 ""box"" slots then in the mutagen slot, that attaches to that box and the 2 others of that hub, you place your Red Mutagen. Giving you 5% more attack power. When you have 3 sword tree skills in a hub with that Red Mutigen you get 15% overall bonus. It makes it so you need fewer mutagens, but it creates a nice tension between which skills to mutagen and which not to. I still really like Witcher 2's style but I like this one just as much.The open world is a nice addition that most people, Skyrim fans especially, will like. True, witcher 2 was wayyyyy more linear but I felt it was just right. Not too much that you needed way points and a horse and not too little that it was a Call of Duty level. Witcher 3 goes big though, tons of points of interest all over. Secret caves, bandit camps, places of power, side quests, horse races, barfighting, cities, hamlets, military instillations, wild game, monster nests, Special named uber monsters tied to quests. So to make getting around the world easier the player is given 2 new things; Waypoints and a legendary stallion named Epona..oops I mean Roach! Roach is fun to ride, race and jump with. There are times when the movement can get wonky, in thick shrub or when theres junk to block all directions of movement. I did get stuck every now and then and had to put up with the turn around struggle. To go backwords you have to spin the horse around in a small radius, which can be annoying in the previously mentioned instances. I found jumping a lot made the horse control much easier in those sticky spots. Overall though I found Roach to be fun and necessary. I had a blast jumping and sliding off death drop mountain heights and not taking any damage and doing horse wheelies while sliding down snow mountains. Tony Hawk approved horse. The Waypoints are tried and true, bread and butter waypoints. Usually 1 per hamlet and a bunch in the major city hubs.The major city in the game is Novigrad and it gave me nostalgic feelings of Baldur's Gate and Amn (Docks, Temple, Merchant Square anyone?) . It is the main city due to its wealth, location, and importance to both sides of the war. A sort of Jerusalem in feel. The look is more modern Assassin's creed style, of course, but it felt... right. Yeah theres more filler homes that I cant go into than I would like, but overall theres plenty of merchants and active npcs and guards to make it feel real and enthralling. Even the smaller towns and villages accomplish this and also do a good job of showing the horrors and ruin left in the wake of the war. Novigrad even pulls a sort of Shadows of Amn with the underworld factions being the true powers in play in the city. A good job is done really getting the city to come to life with the plot as well. The radical agents and ideals of the Temple cracking down on mages ( from the happenings at the summit in Loc Muine in 2.) The criminal power plays. The people just trying to endure. All of it splendidly done.Here we go. The plot. Amazing. This truly is one of the best stories of all time. Not just for a video game, this is a masterpiece on par with Shakespeare. I laughed, I cried, I felt anger and extreme bloodlust at certain characters. I really felt in alighnment with Geralt. As people continued to give Geralt the jerk around, we both became more angry, soon choices almost turned to butchering innocents to save Ciri. In some places I wish the player did have more freedom to kill. Some Final Fantasy Limit Breaks did occur on some poor ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s............."
,Recommended,292030,18492248,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,TMFaisal,"Remember Skyrim Addiction ? Yep, that's what you'll get from Witcher 3 !85+ Hours of playing and still haven't get bored of it- Long and Emotional and Exciting Story- Lots Of Quests, I mean really alot besides the main story, some side quests are as good as the main story- Exciting Gameplay and fighting style- Massive Open World- And the soundtracks OMG I LOVE THEM!- Special Armor Designs that you'd love"
,Recommended,292030,23766727,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,𝓐𝓵𝓲𝓬𝒆,"The current paragon of role-playing titles and open worlds, The Witcher: Wild Hunt is a game for the ages; a rich and immersive world full of significant decisions and a feeling of intelligent and epic fantasy.The story is particularly fine and draws you right into the action with excellent characters and a plot that keeps you interested from start to finish.The scope and size of the game is enormous, feels like 2x the size of Skyrim. Graphics, atmosphere, sound is second to none, the attention to detail is amazing. And the game runs well and is stable.I'd also like to thank the animators for making human and animal movement soooo very good.This game is a masterpiece."
76561198227212592,Recommended,292030,34517855,Posted: 26 August,all,DimitrisΛ,There are no words to describe how great this game is. It has ruined other games for me. If you love RPG's you will not regret buying this.
,Recommended,292030,15966444,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Käse,It took me 22 hours to figure out how to hire hookers.But now I know how to hire hookers10/10+2 For Triss boobs12/10
,Recommended,292030,15893136,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Dan,"This game will redefine the genre of all open world rpg's, This has really topped the bar and is what we should be expecting from a high priced game.The Witcher 3 looks incredible the world and the whole weather system and lighting are beautiful, the graphics are just top notch.The combat is smooth and fits the style of a Witcher perfectly, easy to learn and very likable.The quests are really good, The story is great, Main quests take a long time to complete and have alot of cutscenes and story behind them, Side quests actually feel like main quests aswell they aren't boring pointless quests like in most other RPG's.Good leveling system, Skill tree, Crafting, Potions, Loot, New weapons and gear.Alot of different monsters, not just copy and paste rubbish. Everything you would expect to see in a fantasy world is what you will see in the witcher 3.NUDITY, Seriously though this is what should be in a game like this, open world rpg, choices matter, you get to play however you want and do what you want, for it to be more immersive for the player nudity is a plus, It makes the game feel more like a real fantasy world you can do anything in it and there a NO LIMITS.There seems to be so much to do in The Witcher 3 for me to spend countless hours enjoying the game. This game is unbelievable, A massive improvement from the witcher 2 and will expect this franchise to keep getting better.One of my top 3 games i have ever played.Take notes, This is Game Of The Year."
,Recommended,292030,16303584,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,WAK3Y,This game is perfect. 10/10.Like killing monsters? Check.Like hunting down great loot? Check.Like crafting great loot? Check.Like exploring a huge map? Check.Like entertaining cut scenes with witty one liners? Check.Like ( . )( . ) ? Check.BUY THIS GAME!
,Recommended,292030,22415976,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,XpandoObject,"Before playing this game, I had almost given up on the Western RPG genre as a whole. But this is now my favorite game of all time.Every quest in The Witcher 3 is written with care and finesse, but at the same time it's all very procedural and unpresuming. Think Elmore Leonard more than JRR Tolkien. I was not at all surprised to find that one of the writers for this game had written crime novels set in Classical Greece before working on this game.The writers have a lot of fun with dialogue. They borrow mechanics from The Walking Dead, Dragon Quest, and Grand Theft Auto. Sometimes what appear to be heavy choices turn out, believably, to not matter. Sometimes an innocuous choice turns out to be significantly more important than you thought. Sometimes a conversation option represents something Geralt wants to say but wouldn't have the gall to say. These conversations are where the ""RP"" in RPG happens. They're acted out exceptionally well in Polish, and very well in English. The characters have also been hand-animated to have excellent lip sync, expressive posture, an interesting tics. They didn't try this, but I think that the writers/actors/animators of The Witcher 3 have enough mastery over human conversation that they could make a 2 hour long quest in which you just sit down and talk to one person, a la My Dinner with Andre.The story for the most part is pure entertainment, but occassionally it will surprise you. Seeds planted dozens of hours ago will flourish into moments of emotion and depth. Reviews have compared The Witcher 3's setting to Game of Thrones'. It's a fair comparison as both have dreary realistic settings. But The Witcher 3 more frequently pierces through  its grey-brown cloak, delivering moments where you're moved by a character's compassion and optimism.The setting is true fantasy. It's a cohesive world, and at the same times, it's an amalgamation of thousands of memes from European and Slavic culture. This is a world where witches fatten children up with sweets, trolls tell riddles, and salt is sprinkled on doorsteps. You'll continously learn more fascinating things about the setting, all the way through the last act of the game.The graphics are beautiful, but you could determine that yourself. Novigrad in particular is as impressive as any city from an Assassin's Creed game, and more interactive.I haven't talked too much about the moment-to-moment gameplay, and I don't wish to. It's good, better than most RPGs and many action games, but it's not the point, either. Combat is to The Witcher 3 what driving is to Grand Theft Auto IV. It's a means of carrying the player throught the story. If it was any more engrossing, I think it would distract the player for The Witcher 3's more ambitious goals.There's a little too much junk to loot, but that's OK.The WItcher 3 is a really special experience. I thought I knew what it was going to be, going in, and I thought it wouldn't be that interesting. I was wrong. It's a cut above every other RPG I've played. It's remarkable to see a game bite off so much, and then chew it so competently."
,Recommended,292030,16726476,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Paul,"It is two weeks after my 200 hour playthrough and I have to fight very strong desire to replay the game already. Reading reddit and other forums every day, I still cannot get this experience out of my head. But I want to resist that desire, wait for both expansions to come out, hopefully forget a bit more of the story and enjoy the second playthrough all the more.This is a third game in the Witcher series, and third one I'd give 10/10. No other company managed this.  No, 10 does not mean the game is perfect - there are some small issues here and there - but it means that this is an unforgettable experience unlike any other. In fact, it kind of became my favourite game of all time. Why?It is simple. There are two things I love most about games - exploring beautiful new worlds, and enjoying well written, interactive, nonlinear narrative.And Witcher 3 delivers both. Oh, how it delivers. The world is one of the largest ever in an RPG, all without sacrificing any of the detail, beauty, or wonderful variety. From swamplands and murky battlefields of Velen, to majestic Skellige isles, through stunning valley around Kaer Morhen to the expansive free city of Novigrad, the world in Witcher 3 has no equal. And of course, as someone who read all the Witcher books several times over the last 16 years, enjoying all these places recreated in such stunning detail is an extra special treat. Arriving to Novigrad was expecially heartbreaking, after remembering the ending of the short story ""Eternal Fire"".And then there is the storyline. This is the best written game since Planescape: Torment. Every quest is beautifully written, makes sense in the world, has an actual context. All characters feel real. The way some book characters, like Dijkstra or Keira Metz or of course Yen and Ciri, were brought to life, is unparalleled. Frankly, this might just be the best adaptation of anything ever.Is it perfect ? Of course not. I have two issues with the story. They are fairly insignificant in the grand scheme of things, but still...it is something I wish was modified in upcoming patches or DLCs. Elaborating further would require spoiling, so I will avoid that.There are few more small issues with gameplay, like Roach not always doing what I want him to do, or inventory being a little unwieldy with a controller, but these will be improved in patches, so whatever.Anyway, to wrap this up. Witcher 3 is the best game I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing. It combines two things I love - exploration and storyline - into a single package, at higher quality than anything else. Other companies should carefully study this game. Maybe we could get less stupid boring fetch quests in other open world games if they do. One can hope."
76561198141700255,Recommended,292030,22450431,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,samandrewconnolly,"Amazing game.I hadn't played the previous two Witcher games but I was immediatly hooked.The characters, music, battle system, immersive story and world will have you replaying over and over.This RPG has set a new benchmark for future games of this genre."
,Recommended,292030,27427527,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MrPaladin,"Time tested, many awards, lives up to all the hype... has DLC that is worthy of being called DLC.   Get this game... Play this game... If you don't enjoy it then we need to get you to a doctor.No need to wait for a sale on this one.  The makers did a good job and it is well worth full asking price for your entertainment hours.Similar to skyrim with openworld feel mixed with fantasy settings.Only downside for this game is I would say to keep children away from it, the violence is graphic, the enemies sometimes horrific and there is nudity and sexual content but it is all well within the witcher universe.  The game tells a great story you can get lost in.Plus you get GWENT!"
76561198107104281,Recommended,292030,16054133,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,A Used Onahole,"60 hours innot even halfway thru first actcan't stop playingsend halpedit: week two of game's release and more than 100 hours inthink I'm close to the endgame nowhaven't eaten or slept muchhalpfinal edit: after 120 hours, I've finally done itthe world is safebeen playing for so long; can hardly remember my own name...ah yes, Geralt....Geralt of RiviaI hate portals.10/10 would lose Ciri puposely just to scour half the continent for her again"
,Recommended,292030,16318951,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Rivnat,"Asked a Troll to explain a explosion to me.""Boom... Big... er... this like.""Was not disappointed.10/10, best game ever."
,Recommended,292030,29822322,Posted: 10 February,all,Jean Neige,"Well, best game ever, once you got into it after ~3 hours good luck to stop playing itedit : 120 hours later still a very good game, currently doing the ng+ and dlcs ;)"
,Recommended,292030,15895110,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,8K RES GAMING @60HZ :),"5 hours into this game and I have already gone through 5 different pairs of pants. Best game I have ever played. The music, the story, the voices, the characters, the environment and the longevity, this game is just amazing. I have only just started this game, but I can already tell this is going to be a game that will be remembered forever."
,Recommended,292030,20604575,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,jimbobslimbob,"You know a game is good when it has you hooked after only 30 minutes of game-time. This game did that to me. Yes, it reallyisas good as everyone claims. It's one of those games you simply cannot put down. I found myself thinking about it way too much and itch to get back to playing it. Not many games do that these days, but this is definitely one of them.Graphically, it looks absolutely astonishing. The environment, characters, textures, attention to detail, god, even the hair looks amazing. The weather and day/night effects are also top notch. You can truly get ""lost"" in a game world as lovingly crafted as this one.The music is also very well done, it fits perfectly with the game and really helps to set the tone and emotional impact of certain events and areas. Truly, not enough praise is given to it, but trust me, it's really well done. Voice-overs are also a strong-point here. The characters (especially the ""main"" ones) are done extremely well and really help to immerse you in the world and form attachments with the characters.The story and quests are also very well put together. Much less of the ""go here, fetch this"" crap that most RPG's use to pad out a game with content and much more involved and intriguing stories that mean just as much as the main quests in some cases. The addition of specific Witcher contracts, which allow you to go full on detective are also great fun. Some of these require a little research and preparation, rather than just running to a point on the map and button-mashing, giving them a surprisingly deep and complex vibe. There is also lots of content to keep you entertained - and as stated above, it's not just rubbish padding (I am looking at you, DAI).At this point I am really struggling to find much wrong with the game. I suppose the only thing that is a little lacklustre is the combat - which can be great sometimes, or very frustrating at others. It could do with a little polishing given the amount of it in the game, but it is by no means a deal-breaker - and certainly an improvement over Witcher 2's. To be honest, it grows on you as well - being quite different to most RPG's I have played, but once you get used to it, suddenly it all seems to come together and work. So really, this is nitpicking. I found the keyboard and mouse controls difficult to get to grips with, but a few rebinds later and all was well (dodge key being bound to Alt by default was a personal bugbear). Also be sure to turn on ""Hardware Mouse"", or else the mouse never feels ""right"". Quite why it is defaulted to ""off"" to begin with, I don't understand.The ""Gwent"" mini-game also never captured me (I just avoid it wherever possible). This is personal taste however, and a lot of people seem to really enjoy it. Never quite clicked with me though. Each to their own. Thankfully you can just skip these - including the ""find them all"" quest related to collecting every card in the game. So what we have here is an optional feature that some will love and play (no con to the game) and others will not like and skip (no con again), making this whole ""issue"" a non-issue.Yep, that's it. I honestly cannot name anymore cons. Absolutely everything else about this game is good - better than good. So, all in-all, this could well be one of the best RPG's I have played in a long time. It is nothing short of a masterpiece. I don't give away 10/10 ratings often, but this game deserves it.P.S. Team Yen, all the way.Jimbo Rating: 10/10"
,Recommended,292030,21383222,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,golden god,i haven't slept since i started playing this. i don't remember what the sun looks like. please help me
,Recommended,292030,21636580,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,TiɛsTσяN™,Just rating for it to be able to stay at 95% or above. This game ♥♥♥♥ing deserves it.
76561198002611920,Recommended,292030,15920151,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Hussar,"Best RPG I have ever played to date.Good combat, not as hard as Witcher 2 but still challenging, I enjoy the swordplay and the enhanced signs and some nice magical variety. Did have to plug in my gamepad as I found it better suited than keyboard and mouse but both work fine.Good story, could be hard to follow if you have not read the books but the characters and events are excellent.Choices matter, your actions play out and change the world, not always how you think, and not always for the better, but you can see what you do have a real effect.Huge world, big areas with so much to do, I'm not sure how long the game is but it is easily 100s of hours of quest alone.Stunning graphics, game is running on ultra for me with not a single slow down or crash, forests, swamps, caves, cities and oceans are all beautiful.In short, I'm impressed and would recommend this game to almost anyone."
,Recommended,292030,15983292,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Vellari,"I'm not very far in to the story yet (L11 on the Velen/Novigrad map), but have to say I'm hooked.The size of the world is very impressive, there is so much to explore (sidequests and locations, random encounters, etc) and I've basically only seen the tutorial map (white orchard) and the first quest area (velen) so, one third of the game (?) or there abouts.It definitely is open world, though certain areas require some story progress to be accessible. Other than that you can ride/walk where ever you like. Don't expect to survive though, there are enemies scattered around the world you will not be able to handle right away, even if you can go there.Fairly soon after I got to Velen and was just riding along the road to my next assignment, game across a ?-point and thought ""oh well, might aswell pick up som xp"" before moving on... Got turned in to a pincushion by bandit archers 10-levels higher than me (didn't have deflection yet). ALL RIGHT, I like it. Just because I can go anywhere, doesn't mean I CAN go anywhere...I loved the combat system already in W2, so no complaints from me. But if you are not in to Geralts fighting style (twirling and jumping around) skip this one. Quite different from other games in the genre. Do NOT play this on easy difficulty, you will just be clicking away on enemies and will not bother to learn the other areas of combat (avoidance, signs, potions, bombs) because you won't have to. You will miss out on a lot. On higher difficulties rushing in and button smashing will only get you killed right quick. Geralt is not a tank knight...Story wise, so far so good. Only come across one 'world changing' choice, but there are sure to be more. Good dialog and voice acting for the most part.UPDATE 11/2016: On my fourth play through now having recently acquired both expansions. Some ""quality of life"" changes (inventory system, alternate movement for example) have improved gameplay even further. But on top of it all the expansions continue on with great storytelling which leaves all game rivals to shame."
,Recommended,292030,16586532,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,SteeL,The Game is very good looking.The Game has very nice story.The Game has awesome soundtrack.The Game is very stable.After 100+ hours had 0 crashes and found 0 bugs. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,292030,15945973,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Farbeyondwastedせんぱい,Played this game love it! Tried to save someone from some elves sliced off his arm instead!Did a quest saw a human and a wraith make out! saw rabbits doing the freaky!Now in all serousness this game is amazing don't listen to all the nay sayers saying OMG a graphic reduce thatis going to totally ruin the game! it wont and the game still looks stunning and this game is well optimizedespecially the newest update 1.0.3 im running i 770 2gbVram and the game runs amazing with everything high to ultraexcept for the hair physics.Pros-Great story so far-So so many side quests-Tons of Points Of Intrests-16 Free DLC-25$ DLC to add way more promise of more gameplay and so far the game already delivers-Choices really change the outcome of a mission-One of the first releases that released with only minor bugsCons-Wish there was a button on the controller to press to enable to where you just walk and not run all the time outside i mean come on the game is so beautiful you don't want to run outside most of the time you want to walk and enjoy the view-More smooth controller supportSummeryIn conclusion i HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone that has the specs to run it. Its a great game that i still haven't finished yet but so much opportunity in the land so much to see and so filled with life everywhere i turn i see something else that catches my attention and i blow off the current quest i'm doing to go see what it is. so much to do such a great game i have no idea why people are calling it a horrible game because it is not!
76561198078175294,Recommended,292030,33199640,Posted: 3 July,all,Karzpa,One of the best games ever made
,Recommended,292030,30874231,Posted: 1 April,all,lyndonguitar,"Great game! very well made by the developers. The graphics, the optimization, the gameplay, the story, the dialogue, sound design, level design, etc. Everything is well made.First of all, the graphics looks stunning, and what's even better is that it runs great on my rig as compared to other games that doesn't even look half as beautiful. That says something about the optimization for this game.The gameplay is great, combat is similar to Assassin's Creed: hack and slash, dodge, counter, block. but in higher difficulties it will feel similar to Dark Souls, utilizing not only skills and reflexes, but also knowledge of the game through potions, bombs, crafting, and enchantments. it doesn't have the best combat system though, after xx hours, the repetitive slashing animations + endless dodging could potentially bore you to deathWhile I had fun playing the game I would admit that I didn't really relate that much to the story. I was not able to play Witcher 1 and 2, although I tried, while I'm pretty sure both previous games looked great at their time, It just looked old and ugly now(standards have been set), and I also haven't read the books. I tried really, by reading a lot of content and lore from the internet but I still cannot relate that much. especially that there's only Geralt throughout the Books and the games as opposed to playing Dragon Age Inquisition after you have played DAO and DA2, or Skyrim after Oblivion and Morrowind. (Different characters, Stand-alone stories, and original IPs). A lot of times Geralt will recognize someone or the characters will talk about a place previously visited in/from the books/games and I don't really know what the F they are talking about, that's pretty much what I meant when I said I cannot relate much.Don't worry though, throughout the story you'll get familiarized with all of the characters and lore and you will still appreciate and enjoy the story nonetheless. It got me hooked into the lore and the more I play the game, the more and more I read about it, especially when I finally finished the story, because I'm not afraid of spoilers anymore. The game gave me the 'empty feeling' when you finish a story, which is an indicator of a very good game for me.The dialogue is wonderful, impressive voice acting and facial animations. it gives you enough choices in conversations, and enough paths to take. The world is very, very huge. and cities are very realistic in scale and fully explorable(not indoors though). there's tons of quests to do, playing it, it felt that the game was never gonna end, so be prepared to invest a lot of time in this game in order to at least finish the story. If Skyrim felt like a great blockbuster fantasy movie, this will feel like a great high budget fantasy TV series(Game of Thrones) because of the length of the main story alone.Overall the game was awesome, If only I had played the first two games and have read the books I could have enjoyed the game much much better. but for those newcomers to the ironically the last game in the series, if you like RPG games, especially western type RPG games, go get it.Score: 9.3/10"
76561198146351267,Recommended,292030,22797583,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Bombiarz chan,11/10
,Recommended,292030,15906807,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Zweis†ein ( ಠ_ಠ),"Update: 298 hours in the game:It's as if I went through the 5 steps of grief trying to cope with the fact that this game is the final chapter of Gerald's story.Rumors say the Witcher franchise will go on. One can hope.Can't wait for the next and final DLC.Playing real life gwent... It's so awesome.Side note: been practising HEMA for some months now. I must admit that Witcher 3 has some outstanding accuracy over swordsmanship and armors compared to other games._____________________________________Update: 180 hours in the game:I passed the point that there is everything there is to be done in this game along with 100% achievement completion. I still findmyself roam in teh workd of the Witcher 3 and I still can't get bored. I always keep waiting for a new surprise DLC to come up or a mssive update to add to the experience.I doupt I will ever review this, there's plenty of good and details reviews out there, so if there is something I can say is that CD PROJEKT RED made an ultimate example of all AAA game producers out there on giving an amazing, detailed, huge, well written designs and directed game in the mere full price of 50EUR followed by loads of updates and a serious number of free DLCs. And above all, offering outstanding customer service combining distribution in all platforms, DRM and nonDRM choices and concent support.It's hands down the most fair traded game I ever got in my life so far and it's wort every single penny from my pocket and every single second from my time._____________________________________Update: 54 hours in the game:The game is HUGE. I'm literally still scavenging and exploring my way around and my main story progress is by far from reaching 10% completion.It's so atmospheric, really sets the ideals and the best example to open world game development and AAA type of environment design. From the weather effects down to every nature detail, my eyes melt in front of the monitor every time I play.Even random secondary quests can be meaningful and story driven. Voice acting and digital face expressions like OMG. And free DLC already out.Basic bugs here and there, some can be annoying as hell. Like getting glitched outside of the map, getting trapped through invisible walls and stuff. But in such a massive game things like that are to be expected. Nothing takes out the fan so far for me.The overall experience so far is amazing and I'm not going to stop until I've felt like I did everything this game has to offer..The review for this is going to come late..!_____________________________________Day 1 Hands On:-Said goodbye to family, lady and friends for a month.-Lived up to every single one of my expectations.-Not a single crash or glitch or bug found yet.-Great optimization, running easily ultra settings on my relatively new but still average hardware.-My first wow impressions: nature, animations, weather, face expressions (I mean.... holy ♥♥♥♥♥nacks!)-Worth every single penny and every single minute spend on this.my awesome-o-meter broke... laters."
,Recommended,292030,21022267,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Squidward of Catarina,"I pirated this game about a month back. Put in 27 hours before reaching Skellige Isles. Upon arrival, I took a good hard look at my surrounding and was simply awestruck. If I were to be honest, I nearly teared up at the amount of work that went into the game. Exploring most of Velen along with the quality of the side quests already convinced me to buy this game, but Skellige Isles basically induced guilt onto me for pirating the game.I wasn't proud of what I did. To atone, I made a promise to myself that I wouldn't touch the game at all until I bought it for real. Glad to say that I was able to successfully carry out what I sought to do. If a CD Projekt Red employee is reading this, I deeply apologize for my immature and cheap behavior.  I'll never pirate any of your games ever again, and I'll encourage my friends to do the same.For people who are on the fence about getting this, there are already other fantastic in-depth reviews that can give you a good idea on what the game has to offer. With the Steam refund system in place, you can always get your money back anyway if you end up disliking the game. But at the very least, give CD Projekt Red the chance to entertain you with what could very well be the game of the decade."
76561198201417297,Recommended,292030,33140159,Posted: 2 July,all,GeneralBelgian,"Its great, each side quest is unique, story is well written with dialogue thats is also ver well done. The graphics are very good. Music is perfect, with the right tunes in the places to give the envirement the atmospheric feel that goes best with it.It has a very good replay value. After 400hrs into the game i discovered new choices wich had an impact on quests and gave other, interesting outcomes."
76561198020158855,Recommended,292030,29288809,Posted: 15 January,all,alienjack,"I'm not an easy guy to please when it comes to games, particularly not RPGs.This game...is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.I've seen some ♥♥♥♥♥ing here and there about the mechanics and gameplay, but I found nothing to dislike about this game, and even if the controls take some getting used to, a good story, for me, outweighs all other considerations.I heard that there was a series of books that this game is based on AFTER I started playing the game, and now I almost don't want to read them, because I'm afraid of being disappointed. This is coming from a guy who usually hates movies and games based on books, because often, the adaptations don't do the books justice. But this game was so good that I'm afraid it will be the other way around this time.The voice actors did a great job. There were the usual instances of voice-actors being utilized for several interchangeable NPCs, but far less so than in other games.The music was fantastic, the artwork breathtaking.If you are into RPGs, or games with a  good storyline, you will be extremely happy with this game. Hell, if you don't game at all, and just like a good story, this game is a good choice.There are a few technical issues, due to the sheer size and complexity of this game. I've got a fairly new, fairly beefy system, and the game hung up or stopped during scene-change loadings sometimes. A few times, actually. You should remember to save frequently, particularly while changing maps.Honestly, though, this is to be expected, given the level of detail, and the enormous amount of content in the game.I am completely satisfied with this purchase. Two thumbs up."
,Recommended,292030,16380723,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Nimbuz,"I can't be bothered to write this review, because I'm gonna go play Witcher 3. You should as well. See you in a year."
,Recommended,292030,20664693,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Avi..,speechless..
,Recommended,292030,23319387,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,dLan,There can only be two scenarios where you're not gonna buy this game-If your pc is♥♥♥♥♥♥(Note: Spending a few hundred bucks to get a good pc to play this game is highly advised)-If you're a complete idiot (Note: you might still enjoy this game anyway)
,Recommended,292030,20515297,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Hizzer,"CD Projekt's trilogy reaches its wildly ambitious climax, shattering expectations set by other RPGs with its visual and narrative scope."
,Recommended,292030,27961801,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Pevey,"I think this is by far the best game I have ever played.  I've played many RPGs, but I'm new to the Witcher series.  My takeaways:Pros- A very enjoyable literary experience.  Choices really do matter.  There are no silly RPG fetch quests.  People act more like real people.  Some lie to you.  Some have motives they don't share.  We all know how silly and stylized the stories in most RPGs are, but I didn't realize it could be different until I played this game.- Majestic open gameworld with the biggest and most interesting city I have ever seen in an RPG.  You could spend days just exploring this one city and not see everything.- Go in and out of buildings and caves with no load screens.  This adds to the wonder of the game world in a way I didn't expect.  Every load screen takes you out of the story for a minute.- Satisfying combat that is difficult to master but also not too difficult to do well enough.  It's not turn-based, but if you focus on the right skills (like alchemy), it's more strategic than straight up button-mashing.Cons- I find the movement controls of Geralt to be a little clumsy.  I feel like the intent was to represent inertia in movement, but the effect is that movement controls feel not very responsive.  This is most noticeable in very small spaces.- The intro is very boring.  I played this game for a few minutes when it first came out, and then got busy and never got back to it until now.  I had no idea the masterpiece that was stitting in my inventory.- The alchemy system requires effective use of potions and oils.  You will end up with an inventory full of different bottles that are just a slightly different color with no other way to quickly tell them apart.  So in the middle of a fight you have to hover your mouse of each one until you find the one you are looking for.  No labels is a minor thing, but it can be etremely annoying. There is a mod to fix this, but currently it is very buggy.SummaryThe cons are minor compared to the overall wonder of this game.  You must give it a try.  It is the successor to games like Dragon Age: Origins and is (I think) the current best-in-class of the RPG format."
,Recommended,292030,23406585,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Mister_Funtastic | Sumarijan,TOTALLY RECOMMENDED!! NOW THIS IS WHAT WE CALL A GAME! #SupportCDProject #IndonesianYoutuber!
76561198271635804,Recommended,292030,25091144,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,artic-,"Casting spells with Geralt is badass like this spell Cáed mil, bloede dh'oine..... Hocus-pocus.... Abracadabra....♥♥♥♥♥♥blanthanna. Overall Greatest Game i Have Ever Played 10/10"
,Recommended,292030,16073914,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,^9KraToS[God-Ωf-War],There is no need to repeat what has been said a thousand times ... Just buy this game already.
,Recommended,292030,35022136,Posted: 17 September,all,N00BRusheR,I finished this game in offline mode so this Timeplay u seeing is not my real time play .This game really deserved to be Game of the year and i defnitly recommend it .Pros :+Great story that u can change it and each of ur decision change the ending and It's amazing which this game has 36 endings !+Perfect visual content+So much contend in this game even if u don't buy DLC s this game would have more than 100 hours timeplay for uand+There is something in this game that we don't see much in games these days and that is kids and different kind of animals in this game .Cons :-There are some Gameplay issues like horse riding and montain hiking but the most thing i hate i gravity in this game which if u fall from short distance u'll die easily .-Low optimization on pc which i don't consider because this game looks nice even on low setting
,Recommended,292030,16003865,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Bionic,"Can eat raw meat, surf down snowy mountains, and murder new born children without a mod.10/10"
,Recommended,292030,19859001,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,gay retard,"THE WITCHER 3: WILD HUNT REVIEWThe Witcher 3: Wild Huntreview I had previously, went into too much unnecessary details. The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt was easily the highlight of gaming in 2015 for me. For one the amount of endless hours I spent playing this masterfully crafted piece of art is undoubtly alot, the real question is if I regret it and no, I enjoyed every second that I spent on the game.It has some of the best graphics that a PC game has to offer. It also delivers an experience that can last up to 200+ hours of gameplay/story. One of the biggest immersive, yet breathtaking open-worlds to grace 2015.So much f*cking quests and side-quests it's unbelievable. The characters and world design are amazing and really captures the feel of the game completely, with tons of characters that are extremely likable.It has an amazing perk system and the signs are very fun to use to get the upperhand on the opponents in battle. The combat on the really high difficulties can be insanely fun, it forces you to learn the enemy's attacks and attack patterns while dodging at precise times to overcome each enemy and it makes you feel like a badass.Speaking of badass, Geralt of Rivia while not being the most intriguing character on the surface is a complete and utter badass, capable of getting all the puh a man, no a witcher can possibly need.This video is a perfect critique:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-aMggRlvttg2015'S GREATEST PORN SIMULATOR. 10/10"
76561197981513845,Recommended,292030,17356433,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,AlexTheRussian,"Fast blade through the airEvil comes in all forms nowFor I am justiceOutstanding game. Game of the year.It's a very long game, or it can be, if you play every single quest through. However, at no times does it feel like busy work, the padding lesser developers (looking at you, Bioware) would fill the game with just to make it seem longer. Every quest in Witcher 3 has a story, unique and utterly interesting, and many tiny, seemingly unimportant quests and decisions follow up with you in the later game to let you know about impact they had.The world is incredibly large and filled to the brim with interesting stuff. It's very hard to find repeating asset, everything feels hand crafted and beautiful. I recommend at some point to stop and just watch the wind through the trees and question if you ever seen anything so good?Of course, that kind of graphical beauty comes with a heavy hardware price, playing this game on less then stellar machine could affect your enjoyment of it, perhaps.Fully recommend entire series, although it's hard to play graphically dated Witcher game, but Witcher 2 is still holds up.This is without doubt the best game of the 2015, if you haven't played it yet, but thinking about it, get it.Update: Both expansions are fantastic from beginning to end. More effort went into the stories for each, the setting, the upgraded gameplay than goes into most games from the start. If you haven't played it yet, grab Game of the Year edition and lose yourself for 300 hours."
,Recommended,292030,15966250,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Akiki.Babayaga.TCE,"My journey so far in The Witcher 3.Flower-picking Simulator 2015.Found a Relic armor, wear it and think i'm tough.Drowners beat the sh!t out of me in few hits.Found a Place of Power, about to harness it.Bear comes out from no where, land a hit, i died.Go make all the bombs I could make.Blow the sh!t out of that place.Hasta la vista bear bear!Boobs.Beat bandits's asses so I can keep throwing swords into the shop.Drink alcohol and fight like drunken master.Pan seeker.Quen - fight - eat - kite - repeat.Found a poor old man, ask him to play Gwent so I can snag a few coin from the poor.His cards are like Yugi-OH!"
76561198133088232,Recommended,292030,32731335,Posted: 24 June,all,Xtremecole,Well I played it at launch on the ps4.There is no comparison playing this game on 1080p Ultra settings!  Its a whole different ball game  lol ;DThe scenery is magnificent!!
,Recommended,292030,19005203,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Edgar Allan Pizza,"after much consideration, i can say that it's probably the best rpg ever made"
,Recommended,292030,16264023,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,TheManko,"Witcher 3 doesn’t do anything wildly original. The combat system is a variation on the one in Witcher 2, and everything else functions much as you’d expect. What makes it special is the quality of the writing and the quests. In other open world games you expect that there will be content which is useless filler. Whether it’s collectibles, simple “collect 10 wolf pelt” quests, or something similar. Vapid crap which is only there to add hours to the game. Witcher 3 doesn’t do any of that.It took me 73 hours to finish the game, and of that total running time I’m struggling to come up with a single minute that I would rather not have played. Some parts were slightly weaker than others, but on the whole there’s nothing that stands out as an obvious waste of time. All the fights felt motivated by the story, and were quick and to the point. In Dragon Age Inquisition there was so much combat, and each encounter lasted for so long that it became a chore to do anything in the game. Witcher 3 on the other hand is a much larger game, but doesn’t suffer from that. There are loads of sequences in the game where you can go hours between fights, and the larger combat set pieces are relatively restrained, never overstaying their welcome. It gets to the point, and then moves on.I can’t remember the last time I cared this much about this many characters in a game. It’s often dark and miserable, but it’s also one of the funniest games I’ve ever played. When you’ve gone through hell, the game does a brilliant job of building back fun and hope into the story. It makes it feel warm and human. All the quests and decisions you’ve made in early parts of the game come back to haunt you 50 hours later, in ways I didn’t expect. I know the script must be a hideously complicated web of decisions that trigger minor and major events all across the game. But Witcher 3 pulls it off with such confidence that it looks easy. These aspects make other big budget games look like a joke. I hope Bioware and Bethesda take notes. They have barely even tried to do anything like this.This sets the bar for RPGs, readjusting my expectations for games. Playing it I sometimes felt sorry for all the developers who now have to go back to the drawing board and aim higher. Will they learn the right lessons from Witcher 3? It isn't about the size or the visuals. It's the uncompromising attention to story and characters. The closest example I can think of in another game where I felt this connected in each moment to the character I was playing is the Shenmue or Yakuza series. And comparing something to those two is the highest praise I can give anything. I almost feel hesitant to recommend Witcher 3 because I can’t believe how good it is."
,Recommended,292030,21593547,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Solenya,"Witcher 3 is not a game, it's a masterpiece, an experience, I can go on and praise the game for ages.Pros.-The game is so well polished and detailed, sometimes you don't even know if you're doing a main quest or a side quest.-Sometimes you just want to stop and look at the sunset.-Eat a chicken whilst fighting.-Can't over do potions, it's the same as getting too high on cocaine.-The song ""Wolven Storm"" will make you cry like an infant.-Those three B(w)itches still give me the creeps.-A load of free DLCs.-Gwent, would pay an extra 60$ to have it as a multiplayer game.-Boobs.-Can't get STDs.-Can't make a girl pregnant.-So much useful and meaningful crafting, epic armor and weapons that when you get them, you'll have shattering nerdgasms.Cons-Makes every other game look like a shrinking♥♥♥♥♥♥on a cold morning."
76561198032771719,Recommended,292030,16159050,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Dreadmare,"If you like RPGs, even just a little bit, then you have to play this game.CDProjektRed have created something very, very special here. It's obvious from the outset that so much care, thought and love have been poured into this game.Everything comes together to create something spectacular. The writing, the tone, the quest design, the art direction, the visuals etc etc are all top notch. Special mention needs to made of the seamless world. Such a small touch that has a huge impact on gameplay. You can walk from the countryside on one side of the map, go through a village, cross a bridge into a city and enter a tavern without encountering a single loading screen at all.This game may is very good"
76561198116599200,Recommended,292030,17787297,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,GoodGuy,"I just finished the WItcher 3 for my first complete playthrough and let me just say the Witcher 3 delivers on so many levels.  It stands shoulder to shoulder with many of the great RPG's I've played to name the more notable on my list; TES Morrowind, Fallout 2, Fallout New Vegas, Baldur's Gate 2, and Planescape Torment.  When I say it stands shoulder to shoulder in terms of RPG experience, I neglect to inform that the Witcher 3 has a much longer neck, towering over the best RPG's in most ways.  And that's despite the major RPG deficit of the Witcher 3, that of character creation.  In the Witcher 3, you don't start off as some unknown, unnamed prisoner who doesn't remember who he is or where he came from. Instead you are a well established character named Geralt who happens to be a Witcher who happens to be based upon multiple books inspired by the same name. So the witcher 3 is about character customization rather than character creation.  And the Witcher 3 does an amazing job of dressing up Geralt in all types of armors, and fitting him with the best looking weaponry available.Visually, the Witcher is stunning.  One step further.  Graphically, I've never played a more beautiful game.  The setting of the Witcher includes many places included in the first game, like Novigrad and even Kaer Morhen.  However, these areas are opened up and you can travel all over the place in open world style.  Other areas like the Isles of Skellige, which have a very Skyrimesque feel, become available as the game progresses.  It's amazing to be able to climb up mountains and look out over breathtaking vistas, crash your horse through rivers and streams, tromp through meadows and swamps and forest, even swim through ocean and lakes.  I would seriously love to go camping in this world, except for the downer drowners, it would be pretty amazing.  The Map in the Witcher 3 is huge.  After my first play through I still feel like I didn't touch the surface.As for gameplay the Witcher 3 plays out a little like a Rockstar game.  For example, the horseback riding in the Witcher 3 much resembles Red Dead Redemptions' horseback riding mechanics.  And that's a good thing.  There are plenty of paths and roads to ride your horse all through the countryside, and the Witcher feels so fluid while on horseback.  Also combat on horse is done well.  There is actually a bonus to combat if attacking from a horse.  Skyrim felt like punishment for trying to ride and attack on horseback.  Also like a Rockstar game, is how quests are presentable.  You can travel around the map focused on completing the main quest while along the way various side quests or interesting characters pop up.  There are so many quests and side quest that one play through feels like just skimming the surface.All in all, this review could be overwhelmingly long with all the great things to say about the Witcher 3.  Is the game perfect?  By no means.  There are still flaws I could note.  For example, one being that some of the world feels like filler.  You can pretty much walk into any home at any time in any village and take whatever you want without an NPC  batting as much as an eye.  Only in town in front of a guard will stealing be an issue.  Also, many of the characters are not vital and they just walk around to fill the game space.  You'll see an odd amount of ""Shady Looking Characters"" walking around Novigrad and also a number of meatheads saying ""pam peram"" or something like that?  But in fairness to the creators, the world is so huge many of the non essential npcs are there to make the world simply feel more alive. The game is still chalk full of characters in which Geralt can interact with.If you are an RPG fan as well as a fan of action oriented open world games like GTA, or Batman, or even Assassins Creed, the Witcher 3 is probably a perfect fusion for your gaming style.  It's like a hardcore RPG without being too hardcore.  In my humble opinion, The Witcher 3 deserves game of the Year, and also deserves to go down as one of the best RPG's of our time.  It's certainly my most epic gaming experience of the year.  The creators of this game really hit this one out of the park.  Hopefully the Witcher 3 will inspire more great games like it.  Cheers."
,Recommended,292030,17680428,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Zlaya Kotleta,"Оставив за спиной 190 часов наигранного времени, море-окиян захватывающих моментов, дюжину вызывающих улыбку ситуаций, пару душещипательных и пробивающих на слезы сцен, а так же отличный геймплей, красивейшую картинку, дурманящую музыку и родных теперь уже персонажей, только и остается, что послать полякам миллион голубей с благодарностями за такую игру. Пшешеки, я вас люблю."
,Recommended,292030,19119311,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,DarK_St3alth,"Rank:9.5/10Recommendation(s):Without any doubt, sell your house/car/dog/soul if you have to.Major Theme:Quality title that sets the bar extremely high.Bought at Price:$59.99You might remember those high school days where you sat in an English/Language Arts class, and waded through a Shakespeare or other such novel or work. Could you imagine being able to do so while actually enjoying it? No, unless you were really into that kind of thing. A lot of people aren’t into literary works, and so numerous deeper ideas don’t surface unless pointed out by the teacher.What if I told you that you could enjoy an epic work, quality to that of a Shakespeare or one of many writers throughout the ages, without having to feel bogged down, confused, flipping through a dictionary, and waiting for the light at the end of the tunnel? The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is that work.Sure it’s a game, but by labeling it as such I personally think does the excellent title an injustice.Don’t be confused or feel out of place when you say that leading FPS titles have no story, or just don’t feel like they have substance, meat, or content. EA, Ubisoft, and many others set the bar so low; I personally think that the quality of stories and titles is as close to rock bottom as possible.This is the first game I’m proud to say that I spent 68 hours going through, just to get to end as quickly as possible. Not that I wanted to rush or get it over with, but I was interested if the ending was even remotely capable of doing the title justice. Was getting to the end a challenge in terms of difficulty? Some parts were, but I felt like I actually accomplished something. I didn’t feel as if they pushed me, dragged me, or even helped me complete the title. That’s with the “old school” difficulty enabled. There are many other difficulty options to explore, but I tend to like having the feeling that I just wasn’t given the ending, I had to battle for it.All the free DLC is a demonstration that CD Projekt Red really does care about the PC gaming ecosystem. They are even the people behind GOG (Good old Games). They aren’t interested in repeating the same old story time and time again, purely to rake the cash in.Being able to save when I wanted to—what a big change that was. Most modern titles could learn from this—it’s not “next gen”—it’s just straight forward. It’s hard for me to remember being able to tell a game “I want to save here”, as the idiotic trend of “checkpoints” or whatever horrible monster the console crowd has cooked up for us persists. The auto saving system is quite well built as well, but I would recommend doing manual saves.Speaking of which, this was again another first in the area where I felt like the PC market space was treated as it should have been. I could throw all the quality sliders to Ultra, have actual hardware tessellation, and make my machine actually work. Even with the latest and greatest GTX 980Ti, the game proved a challenge to it. Surround gaming is certainly possible, but not with Ultra settings enabled (35 FPS).http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=555976898Maybe I’m some “graphical nerd” who likes to be able to say things like “ultra” and “slider all the way”, but it was clear to me –the graphics enhanced the story.I didn’t play the game solely for the graphics, or to see some funny scene. The graphics helped make the plot enjoyable, and more “realistic”, it terms I wouldn’t be able to describe.Speaking of which, the story is really about fatherhood, growing up, and many other things. For now it would be best to focus on just the concept of fatherhood. Ciri has grown up, we know this, but how Geralt handles his daughter (or stepdaughter?) goes to show the challenges of being a father. And this is not something you expect from some badass guy who could slice you up in the blink of an eye. The title does a fantastic job of showing a wide range of emotion, all at the right times. Remember though, you have in a say in this. The entire story is choice driven, your decisions matter, heck, even from previous games they matter in The Witcher 3.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=556013276http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=555999129http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=556014999http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=556021292It took me a while to think what I was going to write after playing. Some would describe it as “right in the feels” or such. I wanted to make sure I wasn’t just writing a review that would prove popular just for the sake of being popular. Just as the craftsmanship apparent in the game, I wanted to make sure that my review did the same as well.Negatives? Well there’s a reason why it’s not ten out of ten. In a list: Cinematics don’t use Nvidia’s Hairworks or DLC outfits, some objects clip incorrectly for a few seconds, and some objects have fade-in/fade-out issues. These are all minor, and don’t detract from gameplay."
,Recommended,292030,16121919,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Winter [Wild Hunt],"compilation of reviews below: Wild Hunt, Hearts of Stone, Blood and Winefyi: the steam folder contains extra content such as the soundtrack, comics, concept art and other goodies.=====================Wild Hunt review:pros: an extreme amount of game content (main quests, side quests, witcher contracts, mini games, & more. The devs also promises free post-launch content), multiple dialogue choices & multiple endings, able to use your witcher 2 save file for story continuity, customizations on the option menus, fast travel included (finally lol), autosaves & manual save slots, expansive open world environment, crafting & alchemy, awesome soundtrack, fantastic visuals ... I mean damn this game looks sick! Character designs, voice acting, & mocap. Final level of the game was epic, & the ending unravels based on the decisions you've made throughout the game (3 major endings + mini endings, which CDPR claims to total 36 unique endings)cons: game volume levels are inconsistent, hair physics tanks fps count, character pop-in's when you are riding on the horse, movement & turn delay is clunky, swimming controls are really clunky, inventory/character menus is drastically better than the previous witcher games - but still a hassle to use & much room for improvement, no horse customization, the game does not reference you on how oils & bombs replenish quantities (meditation), ive come across several bugs & crashes (also the higher the video settings the more likely to get video driver crashes), a few quests were poorly designed & scripted, minimap pathing can be sometimes wrong (especially multiple vertical layered maps), none of the witcher contracts included a dragon =(candle sticks are placed in all the wrong damn places!!!http://steamcommunity.com/app/292030/discussions/0/613958868362794178/Overall, this game is the most ambitious fantasy RPG ive played to this date. It offers a full RPG experience - player choices that fit the players play style, an overwhelming amount of content, & post-launch support & content promised. It has improved flaws from previous witcher games, most importantly the TUTORIAL (ffs), & the inventory interface (although still plenty of room for improvement). I have one pressing complaint - I do not agree entirely in the circumstances that led to the major ending that I received. But since there are multiple endings, you might like the one you get. And by the time you get to the end, you've already spent over 100+ hours of gameplay that was well worth your time. Once you start playing Witcher 3, finding a reason to stop becomes ever more difficult.Witcher 3 Wild Hunt has my highest recommendation, one of the best fantasy RPG ive played, & a must have for all RPG gamers!=====================Hearts of Stone review:pros: great expanded story with new characters & quests, charming humor - as always, higher level gear & upgrades, creative new levelscons: there seems to have been an issue with this dlc or a patch that caused a disable on audio of character voices (I fixed the issue by changing my computer sound settings to stereo)Overall, if you enjoyed the main game - then this expanded content will definitely be your fancy. The story kept me immersed, new monster types had me thinking on how to overcome them, and the final challenge (although a bit trial-and-error) was creatively put together with a satisfying conclusion.Witcher 3: Hearts of Stone has my recommendation.=====================Blood and Wine review:Pro: compelling main story line that had me at the edge of my seat with mysteries & plot twists, a cast of great characters, as expected with great side quest stories & missions, satisfying ending, environment/map design & textures, awesome soundtrack, addition of a character mutagen skill-tree upgrade similar to Witcher 2, real-estate simulator, bank transaction simulator, new monsters, challenging final boss battle, and yes... there is a sex scene (although there could of been more lol)Cons: sound bugs, audio bug as ive experienced in Hearts of Stone is still here (can be fixed by switching computer sound setting to stereo), roach sprint bug when leaving no-sprint zones (like beauclair, can be fixed by re-entering the no-sprint zone & leaving the zone trough a main road so it resets), crafting recipes that calls for ""dark iron plate"" - which does not exist, treasure hunt quest ""inconsistent gardener"" was bugged (I got the loot, but the quest log has not changed it to completed)Overall, I got about 40 hours of gameplay from this. A highly polished finale for Geralt's story, ending the series with a bang not a whimper. The quality of this expansion has stayed consistent throughout the series in which CD Project Red deserves the highest praise. Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, Hearts of Stone, & Blood and Wine to me is the gold standard of RPG games, a bar set high that should inspire other game developers to achieve. And with that, I say cheers to CD Project Red and to all the gamers that have committed to playing all the way to the end of Geralt's journey. This is truly gaming at its finest.Witcher 3: Blood and Wine has my highest recommendation.I sit and wait for Cyberpunk 2077."
,Recommended,292030,21734023,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,StratovariuS,I like this game so much it's flawless gamehighly recommendedP.S I think that Witcher 3 > Skyrim (is real)
,Recommended,292030,27428671,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TheRealCelticBatman,"Arguably one of the best games ever made.  If you can buy it on sale, do it.  If you can't wait for a sale, you will still be happy.  I can see myself putting many hours into this game!12/10"
,Recommended,292030,15980848,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Gutta,"Fantastic, amazing, superb, excellent, outstanding- these are the words that describe this game, although non the less they have (pretty much) the same meaning.Theworlditself is alive and fresh - unlike many bland and monotonous open worlds I have ventured.Thestoryis intriguing, lore-filled, dark and gripping. Every character has their little in-depth background story just enough to create sympathy/empathy to them, giving them a unique characteristic which makes them (somewhat) memorable. Each choice you make will have a consequence later in the game - pick wisely otherwise you may get an ending you didn't want!Side-questsalso contain a plot of its own, some are connected to the main story line, and some are a little adventure of its own. They have a sense of progression and is entertaining to accomplish each quest, unlike most other RPG games that I have experienced.Thecombat, however can be a bit infuriating at times as Geralt can be quite unresponsive, for example: Geralt can sometimes dodge into the undesired location (which often ends up dodging into the enemy's attacks) or going into combat unarmed against say, a wyvern, which requires a silver sword for effectiveness. They are not huge issues but can be a bit of a nuisance. Overall, the combat is a massive improvement as it is more fluid and engaging with the addition of crossbows that can counter certain types of enemies; and signs which now have more crowd control - isolating multiple enemies for more opportunities to counter-attack or evade.Signsmake the combat pretty tactical as certain enemies have weaknesses to a sign, or by using sign you gain advantage of the battle. Potions gives you passive powerups for a period of time which can help fighting bosses/enemies easier.On the technical sidethe game runs really smooth, although with certain drops from 60 FPS to ~40 FPS, also you can configure the game's ini. files to your likings. There is a helpful forum post here:http://forums.cdprojektred.com/threads/36088-A-compendium-of-tweaks-and-fixes-for-the-PC-version?p=1658887#post1658887The Witcher 3 exceeds my expectations and is an RPG to experience.Specs:Gigabyte GTX 780TI WindforceFX 8350 4.00GHz16GB RAMWindows 8.1 Pro 64 bit2TB HDD 7200 RPM"
76561197990276284,Recommended,292030,21546982,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Megafyr,"Bought this game on sale. Feel like I cheated the developer because I paid half and not double. Made sure to buy the expansion when it wasn't on sale.This game makes other games feel like their title should end with ""Simulator 2015"".10/10."
76561198037322057,Recommended,292030,27564042,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,oldmanmaylis,best game ever!!!
,Recommended,292030,17071768,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,JigSaw,"So I been playing this for a while, and without playing 1 and 2 I mutch say, you get into the game very fast, reading up on the lore in game,  its voilent, nudity and faul words, blood and gore, the music makes it so damn good =)"
,Recommended,292030,23604933,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,TAW| V:ExorcisT,"Saying that this game is the best single-player video game I've ever played in my life is neither lie nor overestimation.I played many RPGs for many years, for I enjoy a good story with a decent action. But from all the stories I like dark fairy tales, those which combine the best of my childhood dreams with expectations of an adult. Witcher 3 is that and even more.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorThey say that progress illuminates the darkness. But there will always, always be darkness. And in that darkness there will always be Evil, in that darkness there will always be fangs and claws, murder and blood. There will always be things that go bump in the night. And we, witchers, are the ones who bump back at them.As I played through the main story I realised how I underestimated the impact games can have on a player, for I never thought the storyline can be so engaging. The best part yet, I didn’t even notice I was so invested until the time of the final quest came. And this can mean only one thing – the mastery and skill of people who create the game, CD Projekt RED. Because of the fabulously crafted quests you won’t see the hours fly by (more than a hundred of those) and every minute you’ll spend in the game will be an investment for the emotional and unexpected ending, which will be the crowning part of the whole gaming experience. Consequent DLCs offer additional flavour to that making game huge and diverse as it truly deserves – new miraculous stories with amazing references, new places to visit, new cultures of witcher universe to explore, and a possible new “happily ever after” ending in the “Blood and Wine” expansion.Stunning and memorable soundtrack will accompany you on the path, as you immerse into the mysteries of Northern realms, hunt mythical beings, become involved in war brought by Nilfgaardian Empire, and try to accomplish Geralt’s personal goals.Battle system offers a variety of approaches to deal with your numerous opponents – swords, secondary weapons, silver blade coating, oils, bombs, potions, magic, and even environment that will help you to stay alive. The choice is yours, and multiple armour sets with unique bonuses will help you in that decision. This game in general offers freedom of choice in almost everything, quest options included, so if you are not cautious about your actions you might not even notice the glorious comeback that will arrive one day you play the game. And oh, it will be a day to remember…I think I should mention that this game is worth every penny, even though I believe at this point it goes without saying. Same applies to DLCs, with “Blood and Wine” being almost a standalone game (a damn good one) for a price of a DLC.All in all, after I read all books and played all games of the series I can say with confidence that the story of Geralt of Rivia is one of the best fantasy stories I took part in (for there is no other way to put it) in my life. Sincerely wish you to enjoy it as well!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Jiubmcs27s"
,Recommended,292030,23954487,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Smollik,1 of the best games of 2015/2016
,Recommended,292030,19781445,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,$CRIM,"More than amazing. One of, if not the best game I have ever played in my life. 10/10 I'd sell my soul to experience this stroy again.Update: The last of the DLC has came out and again it was awesome, it didn't just feel like some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t add-on to take your CS:GO skin money it felt like a another new branch of the story with Blood and Wine adding 20+ hours and a brand new part of the map to a already massive one. BAW also added new characters that had reasons for the player to love or hate them thus adding even more dept to the story."
,Recommended,292030,26915944,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tadas,"Every second you waste to read reviews on this game, is a second you could've used to play this masterpiece."
,Recommended,292030,16039936,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Stapanovitch,"This was the first game I have ever pre-ordered and I don't regret it : I finished it on PS4 (thinking my laptop wouldn't be enough) and now, I bought it again for PC ""in case"".It turns out it runs better than the Witcher 2 AND looks better.This game is Game of the Century, I will tell my grandsons about this amazing journey and I will force them to finish it on their Holowatch 3000.Having read the books and played through 1 and 2, I know that my attachment to the characters was already strong before even launching the game and that there might be some bias... but then I would tell you to read the damn books and play the first two games!I am really looking forward for the expansions, DLCs or whatever else CD Projekt will allow me to buy.PS: already started learning polish in order to have an excuse to play through it again later with polish audio."
,Recommended,292030,15959883,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Steel,"One of the best game of all time ,for sure."
76561198154265546,Recommended,292030,26848498,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Firmamento(c'est la vie),"For the ""out-of-nowhere"" steam awards."
,Recommended,292030,19959779,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sour,"After playing this game for over 100 hours (I am still nowhere near completion) I can honestly say that this is the best game to have come out this year nad one of the greatest games of all time and personally, my second favorite game. I don't even know where to start. The sidequests and contracts have a lot of variety; they aren't tedious at all and they make sense. For example you won't come across someone who will ask you to deliver something to someone else or something stupid like that. They're all interesting and unique and they tie into the main story.This game has so much content that even after 100 hours I still feel like I haven't done much. You'll be getting 150+ hoursat least(unless you ignore everything and only do the main story) and it does all this while still having AMAZING graphics (sure, it was downgraded but it still looks absolutely beautiful). Also, it somehow manages to do all this with a small file size and very reasonable price. The game is also getting more and more content since CD Projekt Red has been releasing a ton of free DLC that EA would normally charge like $15 for and the only paid DLC in this game adds AT LEAST 50 hours of gameplay to your game and they're reasonably cheap.And don't even get me started on Gwent... It's so nice to just go to an inn and play a few rounds of Gwent every once in a while. It's actually REALLY fun to play. Probably the best game inside a game I've ever seen.Honestly, there's not a single bad thing that I could say about this game. Just buy it!"
76561198114272546,Recommended,292030,23799558,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,KingSlayer,"I owned this game on disc, only played about 40 hours because it wasnt on my steam (weird i know)but this is by far one of the greatest games ever created. Just amazing.My favourite line so far "" nothing to mourn, they were nilfgaurdians""Graphics 10/10moneys worth 10/10gameplay 10/10story 10/10yen and triss' bodies 11/10this game is worth buying more than any other game out there. cant wait to play 300+ hours"
,Recommended,292030,32978127,Posted: 29 June,all,Kilz Inc.™ シ,"The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a truly remarkable RPG Experience.Blend into the world map and soundtracks, this game exceeded my expectation.Been playing for 4 hours straight since download, and keep me playing everyday because of the various types of sidequest which need to be complete.I'm more into playing the Sidequest than the story itself.The fighthing however seems interesting than other RPG's I played.One thing I like about this game is the graphics, the graphics received an upgrade from the demo.The demo graphics looks normal but the final version graphics looks beautiful as hell.Ubisoft, take a leason from CD PROJEKT RED please.Also, this game offers all of its behind the scenes content for a nice price during sales and it's worth your money.Unlike other games which is seperated, The Witcher 3 gives you all even the content from the DLC's.Can't review much since I haven't finish the game yet.Only at 9 Hours+.Busy doing sidequest but I believe the gameplay is long since they are many things to uncover."
,Recommended,292030,16042243,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Baptiste,"""Why do you have two swords? Is it in case one breaks? Smart.""By far one of the best♥♥♥♥♥♥I've heard whilst roaming around the world.10/10"
76561198042120701,Recommended,292030,15935827,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,l.,"(This is about me beating up helpless devs because they couldn't perfect one of the biggest AAA games ever even though I enjoy the game, and its brilliant, because I can. Don't read if you don't want that)Played about 16 hours, I enjoy the game, the biggest gripe I have being certain glitches.Might get patched, but the jumping mechanics in this game are really broken in non-linear areas, such as cities. I got my way into a place I assume I wasn't supposed to be in and then, spent 10 minutes looking for a way out, until I decided there was not one and fazed up a birdcage by spamming the jump button and flew out. Other problems include objects spawning in, such as pikes and spears, before the people holding them did, finding a random floating wooden sword, and seeing the fabled flying warg. Only really one that ruined my experience. Besides that, one quest with no specific objective (not a glitch) is really nonsensical in a way I have to find a massive beast that apparently can tear off a horses head, yet upon perusing the signs in the area, whaddaya know, not a single♥♥♥♥♥♥given. Same with innkeepers, peasants and the like. My friend also has trouble with lag apparently, though not much(?) Also it destroys my time.I literally listed, just then, all the bad things I can think of, which kinda shows its a pretty great game. I enjoy playing it.EDIT: I found a mission, a guy died, for some reason I felt alot worse about it than I did the story missions, decided to try another way, and then felt guilty about it. And he DIED ANYWAY.:(EDIT-EDIT: It's 50 bucks now which makes it a must buy. Seriously, I've played over 100 hours and I've only played through the game once. The amount of content rivals Skyrim. Wow."
,Recommended,292030,15975314,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Sabrewylf,"So far the majority of negative reviews are coming from people with older machines that have some difficulties running the game. My computer is very new still and I too occassionally get a crash. I have confidence performance tweaks are on the way though.Now, The Witcher 3 is absolutely a great game. I haven't been this invested in a single player game since Skyrim, and that's coming from someone who just now got into the series. The story is very accessible.In short: you are playing as Geralt of Rivia, a witcher. Witchers are people who have undergone all sorts of mutations to make them more efficient at their job: killing monsters for a living. They have feline eyes, faster metabolisms, and even have limited knowledge of magic. Because of that though, witchers are looked down upon in the same way as other non-humans (such as dwarves) are, despite them making the world a safer place. The story takes place in a medieval dark fantasy setting and is filled with intrigue, drama, and sex. All of this is sprinkled throughout a huge world with a staggering amount of sidequests.The soundtrack is great. I'm the kind of guy who will not hesitate to turn off a game's sound and blast some metal over it, but this game really gets it right.Finally, combat and getting around. Movement feels kind of sluggish at first, and especially if you want to loot that one body just 2 feet in front of you the controls are sometimes a tad too sensitive. You get used to it though. The combat is best compared to Dark Souls and Monster Hunter in my opinion, as long as you're not overlevelled or playing a low difficulty setting. Every enemy and monster has one or multiple weaknesses. Maybe you'll have to equip a bomb or lure him into your magic trap. If you're a traditionalist, applying a variety of oils to your weapons will increase their effectiveness versus a specific type of enemy.But most importantly, every monster has distinct attack patterns. You'll see an attack coming and you will be able to dodge or parry it. Kiting and not being greedy with your hits is essential or these monsters WILL take half your life in a matter of seconds. And if you're playing on hard or very hard, meditation will not restore your health. Only food will do that, and a witcher's pockets aren't exactly jingling with coin as it is... Combat is difficult and has its intricacies, and that's just what makes it feel rewarding.All in all I really think there's something to be found here for everyone. Players who are in it for an immersive experience and don't really care can breeze through the gameplay on the easy setting, yet not miss out on the great atmosphere the story brings. Die-hard gamers can test themselves on the third and fourth difficulty settings. The second difficulty is where most, as well as myself, will feel right at home."
,Recommended,292030,16285085,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Auburok,"I spent about 140 hours completing 100% of Novigrad/Velen and White Orchard's maps, and about 60% of Skellige. I completed (to my knowledge) somewhere around 95% if not 100% of the quests, failing one (it was an optional way to deal with another quest). I did all of the treasure hunts I could find, ended up reaching level 35 when I beat the final quest.The Witcher 3 has cemented Geralt in my list of ""coolest game characters"". There's a huge chunk of content to play, and aside from each area having a horse racing event, a fist fighting event and Gwent players to play, not much feels similar. Geralt, as a monster hunter, plies his trade by tracking monsters before dealing with them. Tracking involves using your ""witcher senses"" to follow footprints, scents, and identify other pieces of forensic evidence to figure out what happened or where someone, or something, went. While there's waypoint markers, this form of execution actually conveys Geralt's profession in a tangible way. Half the job is figuring out where the thing you're hired to kill is. Even more interesting is that with more sentient creatures, a fight isn't required in many cases. The majority of the game will consist of fighting, exploring and tracking, but the quests and environments are varied enough to where it doesn't really feel repetitive. There's not ""collect X, bring back"" quests. There's no ""kill X targets, loot, bring back"". Many of the quests are contracts are accompanied with short plots about people going missing, ghosts haunting areas, or monsters coming too close to town, but similar ones are far and few.The story of the game is excellent, and is fairly reactive to choices. A ""perfect"" ending will require balance. You can't have everything, you can't do everything. While you're given the option to do most everything, sometimes that'll lead to a worse situation. While the main story itself can become fairly similar, the side quests will spice up what occurs in the main game and ending a bit. The writing and dialog, while sometimes wordy, is excellent. Geralt has a specific personality, so contextually his choices almost always make sense and it's less about ""good choice"" versus ""bad choice"" and rather varying degrees of grey that fluctuate with Geralt's whim. Some of these choices are influenced by a previous save of Witcher 2, or by simulating a save by getting to Vizima, and those will also change what occurs during the game.The combat is much better than the second game, and to the point where it actually can be fun unlike before. Geralt is primarily a swordsman, and because of this focusing on spells or crossbow isn't really viable, but you can improve those abilities. Geralt can improve his ability to use magic signs, potions, bombs and improve his effectiveness with attacks and defenses through the skill tree. Honestly, the only not so great about this game is the leveling/skill system. There's a lot of specialization required, and if you multi-specialize you'll probably have problems above normal difficulty and doesn't allow for a lot of playing around. Combat and magic are going to take a front seat to alchemy, since alchemy doesn't provide the same low-level enhancements the other trees can.Overall, Witcher 3 is a great RPG with a great story and lacks the repetitive feel of other RPGs. It also lacks some of the detail that a game like Skyrim may provide, such as buying a home and decorating it and getting married, but the rest of the content is so good that it wouldn't really benefit with small distractions like that (it also wouldn't fit in thematically with Geralt's profession). Even at a whopping 140 hours to complete probably 85% of the game, it's a rather tight experience, if an enormously meaty one. It absolutely the RPG of the year, and a definite contender for game of the year."
76561198073972899,Recommended,292030,16994350,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,\DawnBreakeR/,"This is my first real review here on Steam and as fate would have it i am reviewing the Witcher, one of my very personal favorite sagas in fantasy literature. Trying to convince anyone who reads this review to buy this game would be folly as the decision ultimately lies to you, the reader. Instead i will try and summarize the strong points that make this game a masterpiece and avoid to do it a disservice in the process.Armours and weapons.First and foremost they are lore friendly, realistic, cool looking and perfectly introduced into the Witcher world with limitless variations both in number and perks to better suit your playstyle and needs.Immersion.The plains, the woods, the seas all look vibrant and colourful. The creatures that inhabit them blend in harmony making it feel even more alive. They say a picture is worth a thousand words, so here you go:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=477959170Exploration.The world of the Witcher 3 Wild Hunt is ten times bigger than any other action RPG out there. Be it from caverns and underground caves to coastal shipwrecks, the loot alone makes the search rewarding and there is always more to find.Storyline.The books being the driving force behind it, the game pays homage and is truly faithful to the source material. The story is gripping and compels you to progress further to find out what happens next and you feel more connected to the characters compared to the dull npc's most rpg titles suffer from. Characters have true depth, a real personality and story behind them, including the protagonist. I will take Geralt over the mediocre looking mute ""dragonborns"" and undead any day of the weak. You come face to face with real life everyday problems such as crime, prejudice and racism that will put to the test even your own morality.Gameplay.The combat system is simple enough to grasp and become accustomed with. The movement is fluid enough so you can get in and out of combat and engage several opponents or single them out and you can perform most actions relatively easy. Same goes for the inventory, especially the sorting option can be a life saver when you face the task of searching a potion ingredient or a certain quest item. Ingredients of utmost importance can be found in your alchemy tab, to create the various concoctions and oils needed to prepare before entering a creature's lair, be it two legged or not.Replay value.After your first playthrough it's almost certain you'll find yourself taking an entirely different course.The game has a total of 36 different ending variations and avoids becoming repetitive while managing to keep things fresh at the same time.Glitches and bugs.The developers offer their support to the fullest and release patch updates to fix even the most trivial of issues. The game itself doesn't need a rainstorm of mods to function properly or make it barely playable. The npc's respect the physical boundaries inside the world and interact as they should and my mounts don't continue galloping in midair when i am sprinting down a hill, to end up dragging me to their deaths.Furthermore, the release of various free DLC's from their part combined with a flawless launch puts most devs out there to shame. Preordering this title on Steam has been a mistake on my part, so if you are serious about getting this title i would recommend heading over to GoG Galaxy. Their DRM free version and support over there is to be commended.Role playing.Every decision you take affects the challenges you face, how the others around will perceive you and behave towards you. The creators introduced a unique approach with a plethora of choices, choices you sometimes have to make in a limited amount of time, where the consequences of the moral choices you make appear almost immediately or way later as the story progresses, immitating real life to the point it becomes frightening how much work they put into it.The only action RPG that weaves sidequests into main quests making them matter and have an actual impact in the main story.Mini games.Gwent.Best mini game inside a game ever. It's simple and yet addictive.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=451209903Horse racing.One of the most fun to play and competitive in game activities.Brawling.Think of it as a medieval version of fight club. Loads of fun with bashing peasants faces.Soundtrack.One of the best game soundtracks of the last five years to say the least, heavily influenced from slavic folklore/ ethnic music, frankly nothing could fit the tone of the game any better.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQS4o_bYA_MAnything else i add beyond this point is simply redundant, so go ahead and pick it up cause this is the game of the decade. Who knows, maybe this gaming experience will eventually lead you to grab a copy of Andrzej Sapkowski's masterpiece and you will find yourself dive headlong into it's pages.My verdict1000/10The title that set the bar very high and my expectations even higher for all the RPG titles to come."
,Recommended,292030,16131305,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Aloe,"Ok so besides the game giving me eyegasms I can safely say it's a game that caught my interesnt. The dialogues are funny and rich and tell a story. I genuinly feel emotionally attracted to the NPCs. Not to mention Geralt is hot as hell I don't mind looking at him during playing.I do suggest playing it on the hardest difficulty. It makes the combat a lot more fun because you can't go all yolo on them. You have to plan your fights, look at who your opponent is and kill the weakest first. The only time I kept dying was at the very first fight with the ghouls. I wasn't aware of the fact you could walk away and leash one by one. Killing enemies 5 lvls higher then your own is no problem.Would I suggest the game? Hell yea"
76561198041156134,Recommended,292030,16155872,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Don't get weepy touch ur peepee,Released an evil spirit that killed an entire village. They we're filthy console plebs anyways so I don't feel bad. 10/10 would bang a sorceress on a stuffed unicorn again.
,Recommended,292030,15979633,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Code,So Damn Addicting!
,Recommended,292030,17803671,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,VaaN,Unlike Valve.CD RED can count to 3.
76561198041891021,Recommended,292030,32915963,Posted: 27 June,all,sunny24680,"CD Project Red, im sorry. I bought this game on sale for $30 but i felt like I ripped you guys off. I should of payed all $60 if not even more. I have played many games, but I can proudly say that the witcher series is the best I have ever played and to top it all off, Project Red finished the series with a beautiful game as well. The sound track alone should be worth $20 and on top of all that the gameplay, story and character development. OMG i felt like every decision I made in the game had an actaul impact. Forgive CD Project Red, take the rest of my money. BTW roach should be fixed, my mans pops out of no where and ontop of a house."
,Recommended,292030,30119910,Posted: 23 February,all,Alca,Truly a new life hhh
,Recommended,292030,17991393,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Sticky,Don't even have the game.Can make a review.10/10
,Recommended,292030,20971341,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Wolf,"This game is a ♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece, I cannot say enough good things about it. The gameplay is solid, combat is incredible, the soundtrack is FAN-♥♥♥♥ING-TASTIC, the graphics are some of the best I have ever seen, the game looks BEAUTIFUL, characters, story, voice acting are all incredible. There is so much to do and explore in this amazing world and 95% of it is fun, unlike most big RPGs like this, where half the content is grindy, repetitive and boring. I seriously cannot put into words how incredible of an experience this game is, so I won't even attempt and I'll try to keep this short. The only bad thing I can say about this game are the glitches, but I haven't run into a single gamebreaking one yet, and CDPR seem to be doing everything they can to fix those ASAP, unlike most developers nowadays. But the pros outnumber the cons at least 10:1.Overall, this is one of the best games I have ever played. You can see the passion and the hard work that CDPR put into this game. It is truly a beautiful and immersive experience. Some parts will make you laugh, others will make you cry and, when the music kicks in and you draw your sword, you will feel like a Witcher.I recommend this game to anyone who likes RPGs and even if you don't, I'd consider giving this one a shot. There is enough content in here to justify a $120 price tag, so don't worry about that.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is one of the best games I have ever played and the best RPG I have ever played by far."
,Recommended,292030,24729330,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,EliteHazard,"Only game where you'll liberate a Saw mill infested with Drowners to be called a freak by the inhabitants you just saved. 11/10 would be harassed for being a freak againThe Witcher 3 is a game which will require a lot of time and effort if you want to decently complete the game and get one of the many endingsThe StoryOverall i feel as if they tell the story of Geralt of Rivia very well through tough to decide dialouge options to mere conversations during travel.I am a new-comer to The Witcher franchiseand yet, without watching any videos summarising any of the previous story i have understood every decision and why i am making that descicion as there is an option to turn offWitcher 2 optionsbut i believe if you played the previous games the options you made can directly affect parts ofThe Witcher 3.There are multiple endings including happy ones and sad ones and the outcome can vary a whole lot! You canDecide who rules Skelligeand you can evenDictate the outcome for one of the main protagonists Cirillaand you can even affect howHow Geralt, the character you play, lives out the rest of his days. You meet some characters which are overall so well built you can really despise or love! You can build real relationships with some of the charactersSuch as Triss or Yen, and who you build relationships even dictates part of the ending! This is a feature i loveDialouge optionscan sometimes feel worthless and boring but most of the time they feel like they have real meaning and purpose dictating who likes you and sometimes even who rules, ect.Side QuestsSide quests are quite an important role as they help a lot with character progression, romances' andeven who rules at the end! (btw if your wondering why the hell i use spoiler text for this stuff is because i feel as if when playing not knowing this stuff really added to the experience!).Some side quests feel very linear which usually led to me wanting the side quest to be over but some really felt like main questsThe most memerable one which felt this way wasThe Kings Gambitand that chain as it added to the outcome of Skelligeand even some were just damn right awesome!ContractsThe contracts were one of my favourite parts as they felt like i was doing the job that witchers were meant to and allowed me to be a greedy money ♥♥♥♥♥ as it allows you to barter and raise the already rather expensive price for your service and usually is affected by how hard the contract is. Some contracts felt underwhelming and plain out boring like a fetch quest which really doesn't keep up to the quality of other contracts.GraphicsThe graphics on this game were absouletley outstanding and sometimes in Skellige (Especially that Kear Throlde place) the scenery and graphics blew me away!Sometimes hands and other things would go through armour, ect but this can most of the time just be ignored.If you have a good PC you should be able to run this well with higher graphics, i had mine on High/Ultra and the graphics and FPS were outstanding!FPS and PreformanceThe first thing i noticed whilst playing with the settings is that FPS is locked at 60fps which was a bit annoying but still was fine as i usually maintained constant 60fps apart from the initial load into places like Novigrad, this is usually the only time i got frame drops. Other than that FPS and preformance was usually outstanding as there was nearly no noticable frame drops!Movement and CombatAt times movement was a bit clunky and annoying especially on Roach due to the very large turning rotations making it hard to get up narrow stairs and pathways!Combatwas absoulutely phenomanal as it was a just right mixture of difficulty and tactics, ect. as you need to do well timed dodges, rolls and signs to prevail and win!Bosses are one of the highlights of the game because nearly all the bosses are awesome and rather hard to beat (Unless you got very good gear and an overlevelled character for that quest!i found going back to do some Contracts for crowns, most notabley The Doppler Effect contract, where i was a few levels higher than the reccomended the bosses where very easy to beat.Pros and Cons (Summary)Pros-Great story!-Great delivery of story-Enjoyable side quests-AMAZING combat-Phenomanal Scenery-Easy to pick up if you've never played or read other Witcher titles (Like me!)-Very good Preformance-Wide vareity of endings-Good dialouge delivery-Great storytelling (and recaps)Cons-Clunky movement-Some dialouge options feel worthless-Occasional boring quests-Massive Level gaps making it hard to enjoy contracts, ect. you missed-FPS lock meaning it feels like my PC could be achieving better preformance-After the story the end game feels emptyOverallThe Witcher 3 is a GREAT game and i enjoyed it without reading or playing the previous installment in the franchise has a few issues with some common bugs during dialouge and cutscences (Audio not working in certainimportantcutscences so i would definently reccomend!Hearts of Stone (1st Expansion Pass)First off i want to say i bought the Expansion pass and so far  have found that its well worth!Hearts of Stone is a strange, lighter tone (At parts) of the Witcher 3 adding few mechanics and a very small new area to explore to the North-East of Velen.The Story is creepy at parts and overall a worthy addition to the Witcher! The few boss fights in the expansion were funEspecially the Toad Princeand rather challenging even at the reccomended level!This expansion adds around 10 hours to the game which is definently worth it especially if you buy the season pass!Blood and Wine!Now upon completion of the Blood and Wine expansion pack which was amazing i felt the need to update the review due to my love for it! Blood and Wine felt like a game which literally is bigger than some major AAA titles giving me atleast 25-30 Hours in the main story and a majority of side quests. This expansion is a lot bigger the Hearts of Stone and goes into depth which is nearly on par with the original TW3 Story! One of the main features is the newly added Vineyard, Corvo Bianco, which Geralt calls his home!This filled part of the emptiness after completing the story as if Ciri lives and is a witcher (I dont know if it happens during the Empress ending)  she comes and starts living with you there.Corvo Bianco i feels represents the fact that its the end of Geralt's story as there is an armour rack and weapon rack where you can hang up your weapons and display them awesomely! Blood and Wine adds a massive whole new area, Toussiants, which reminds me a lot of France due to the accents! Its a very bright colourfull place covered in a dark, mystery which in the end is very good and saddening. At the end it left me with the same feeling as when i finished the base game until i went back to Corvo Bianco to findMy favourite character in TW3 Ciri settling in to my new home!OverallBlood and Wine is an excellent expansion to TW and really was amazing!Although i would highly reccomend buying the expansion pass because unless you grind your gonna need an extra-boost you'll probably want Hearts of Stones! (It also saves you money and gives you the excellent Hearts of Stones Expansion!)BONUSI nominated this game for the Emotional award!"
76561198029207480,Recommended,292030,16785517,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Mr.X,Lets cut that♥♥♥♥♥♥about random discription details nobody read! Simply do this; buy this game and play it. You WILL enjoy it!
76561198039724096,Recommended,292030,15961254,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Wall,"What makes The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt worth writing a review about? I have only scratched the surface of the game, but ~43 hours in I can report the following notes with in depth (but spoiler-free) explanations farther down.The good:- The largest single-player fantasy sandbox RPG I've ever seen- Beautiful graphics help keep you immersed in the game- Hours upon hours of fully voiced quest dialogue- The writers did a top notch job creating funny, interesting, and emotional dialogue- Decisions you make actually make a difference, and always feel meaningful- Stable and smooth running out of the box. I've experienced a single (crash to desktop) in my 40 hours of playing- Great character customization options allow for a variety of play styles- Challenging and exciting combat- Great built-in card game: Gwent- Beautiful soundtrack that never feels overly repetitious, and hasn’t got old yet.The bad:-	 Somewhat rare but slightly Irritating mount pathing issues-	 Challenging and exciting combat (If it gets to be too much, make sure you lower the difficulty!)Other thoughts:- The game has an extraordinary ability to suck many hours of your life away in a given sitting. This isn’t bad, but it’s probably not good either.Now for the in depth reviews of the points I made above. The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is my first Witcher experience. I came to the game with an open mind, not knowing what to expect. The game world feels absolutely massive. I’ve spent hours exploring points of interest and unknown territory, looking for loot and challenging encounters. The world is completely open from the start, limited only by your own power. Indeed, if you decide to explore immediately as I did, you will find monsters much too powerful for you to defeat. Combat in this game is very challenging. You will want to spend some time researching monsters you encounter in the games bestiary, learning their weakness so that future encounters won’t be quite as difficult. I find myself constantly referring to the bestiary to make sure I know the weaknesses of the monsters I will be facing. This, combined with the seemingly intelligent NPCs make even simple combat exciting. The game has several difficulty settings, so if you find the combat to be too much of a trial, lower the difficulty instead of suffering!The alchemy system in the game is great – tools you can and I dare say have to use if you want to be successful, but never a chore. I haven’t had to do anything that felt remotely like a chore or boring task in the game – everything you do has meaning or purpose. Choices you make during dialogue decisions absolutely have an effect on the future. YOU WILL SEE the choices you make affect the world, and the people in it. Something that caught me off guard was the amount of depth and consideration given to side-quests in the game. Doing side quests are not only interesting, challenging, and fun - they are  truly rewarding! Again, there is a real focus on making everything a player does have meaning and consequence. The constant interaction between NPCs in the game world and the player create an incredible immersive feeling that keeps you drawn into and focused on the game world. The graphics are incredible (I’m playing on moderate hardware and running at high to ultra settings) and help keep you immersed in the game. The game is highly optimized and runs quite smoothly. I have yet to experience any poor frame-rates (below 30-40fps) or stuttering.Character development is done by leveling up and obtaining bonus skill points throughout the game. Each skill point spent makes a meaningful difference, and there is something for everyone as far as catering to different play-styles. The built-in card mini-game, Gwent, may be hit or miss with some players. I found it to be very fun and easy to learn. I have been striving to build my card deck and I can’t wait to explore the various stages of Gwent challenges.TL;DRThe Witcher 3 is my first Witcher experience, and it is certainly one of the best single player RPGs I’ve ever played. I dare say it’s one of the best single player games created to date. If you like RPGs, hack and slash combat, or even just a challenge, give the game a try."
,Recommended,292030,16022372,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,digitalshot,"Buy this game right now!I've been a fan of CDPR's series The Witcher for quite a while now and of course I was extremely excited for the announcement of the Witcher 3. When the game got a lot of hype around it right before it's release date I did begin to question if the game would live up to the hype because I am used to playing a lot of overhyped games that just disappoint in the end. After playing the Witcher 3 for 80+ hours for about 8 days in a row I can say without a doubt this is one of the most amazing games I have played in a very long time.When you play the game you can see how much dedication and work CD Projekt Red has put into this game. Most RPG's will have a main quest and a story quest and with most of them I just stick with the main story and do maybe a few side quests just to level up and not be underleveled. When I do side quests in this game I don't do it for the XP. I do it for the story because the amount of work that has been put into even the side quests is amazing. Think of it this way. There is more story in one single side quest of the Witcher 3 than there is in the entire story of the game Destiny by Bungie.The amount of time I have put into the main story and side quests is about 60+ hours. Looking for the witcher gear and finding the materials to craft them, another 10 hours. Playing Gwent another 5 hours. Exploring the world of The Witcher 3... I've lost count.I cannot recommend this game enough to people who are looking for a game that finally is rewarding and shows off the dedication of developers who put in so much of their time and heart into the creation of this game. Easily worth the $60 price tag."
76561198054500072,Recommended,292030,22356078,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Ayangiin Daichin Unen Bataar,"Epic franchise. Best of the best. The story line is fasicinating and the portraits of different characters are amazing. Geralt, a witcher and he is not that so called hero in the game. However he is a true legend and not that popular among mobs. Well, we can say that the society is stupid. People are ignorant but player still manage a way to live it and embrace many challenges. My goal now is to get the best armor sets and weapons, to kill monsters and increase my level, explore the world and find treasures. Witcher Wild Hunt, is not just Geralt's story. It can be yours, ours. :D Peace."
,Recommended,292030,15959678,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Quealot,Excellent game ... Great story... Can't say a game has ever put me on this much of an emotional roller coaster
76561198052598003,Recommended,292030,18038752,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Dozza,"A perfect game, the story of Geralt the Riv concluded.The game is masterfully presented, the devs have been updating this game with new content like the free-LC they provided after launch gave us new contracts and eye candy and those important gwent cards. They have also been updating the performance and fixing little annoyances, like those annoying torches over treasure chests. I had defaulted to medium-low on launch day, I am now running on ultra/high at a solid 40-50 frames.The story is a long epic, with little diversions and side quests that feel like they should have their own whole game chapters.The side quests have memorable dialogues and twists and turns that give you multiple different endings and scences, begging to get you to play this game again and see what each one has to offer. Some of the quests involving curses get me so indecisive, becuase ghosts always trick me and I end up someone dying or something happening and I just lose myself and get really sad.Each section of the main story touches on a moral choice, like family ties, racial differences, domestic abuse, sexual preferences, you name it. The grey perspective of no right or wrong really gets you to think about what would be the best choice in a world full of evil monsters, and even if you make the choice which you think no one gets hurt, sooner or later you will find a repercussion or three of what you decided to do in your situation.Exploring around the games distinct envrionments is really something wonderful. The swamps of Velen are just fetid mud and composting corpses and monsters ready to drag you to their hellhole homes. Novigrad is a contrast to this, green rolling fields and tall swaying trees, pictuesque and lush. The cold hard islands of Ard Skellig are beautiful, but they house many fierce denizens and the people are just as harsh. The view from Kaer Trolde is possibly the most beautiful scene ever made onto a computer sceen.Playing around with combat can feel a little clunky on a keyboard, horse combat takes a while to get used to. When you go on an expedition to a high spot and hit the wrong button and make Geralt jump off a cliff is rather bothersome. But all these movement skills come with time, and are easy to get adjusted too.Roleplaying as a witcher on a monster contract when you read up the beastiary and prepare potions, bombs and oils makes this just a wonderful experience.When you reach end game content and the specialised Witcher gear the powerful bonuses they give each talent tree are huge, which makes many other armor's obselete, but this doesn't mean much if you think the armor looks cool, like the Ursine set, but c'mon devs, griffen armor is just 'the dad bod' of armors... That aside the armors are extremely powerful and make other armor you find relatively useless, sidetracking you to find the nearest shopkeeper to battle him at gwent and then make him lose his money as you thrash him and then sell him your unwanted gear. The difficulty scale is very noticable when you are lower level, as your gear comes with less augmentations and you possess less skills and equipment, but higher tiered combat is more forgiving, excpet some of those pesky bosses!The visual downgrade from E3 2014, while noticable, does not subtract from this game looking beautiful, check out my sceenshots to see how good they are! There are some mods upgrading the visuals, I am yet to try them out,  but personally they don't look to do much.Every inch of this game is perfect, going home to Kaer Morhen is beautiful, seeing little clues left around from previous games is heartwarming, the devs rememeber their games and make them flow so well. When you arrive at White Orchard, see the devastation left behind in the war between Nilfgaard and the North, it really shows you how destructive it can be. The little township had changed hands, fights between natives and newcomers are all about to boil over and there is barely anything that can prevent this, the Nilfgaardians swagger around and then they get disrespected at the tavern, then they beat up the locals, it is really a spectacle to watch.Nothing about this game made me want to stop playing, but my choices made me weep during the ending, seeing old and new friends die...The perfect ending to a perfect series, this game is a must play for honestly everyone, it is probably the best game I have ever played.DLC hype is building"
76561198068929638,Recommended,292030,32344078,Posted: 11 June,all,Weesla,"This game lacks just one thing:A Memory-wiper, so I can experience it all again.11/10"
,Recommended,292030,26819219,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,lada_,"The Witcher Wild Hunt is CD Projekt's ""out of the ball park"" finish of their Witcher series of games. The art is jaw dropping magnificent.... just wander aimlessly in the massive world, the scenery is ever changing and simply spectacular. The character expressions as they speak, even NPCs, are real and add to the immersion. The story and spoken lines stay pretty close to the original characters' personalities (from Sapkowski's books) even if the game changes things up a bit (by providing alternate choices and many other stories/quests to pursue). Action is vivid and distinct, especially in combat. Once I readjusted my sense of the game mechanics that CD Projekt uses, I remembered how perfect CD Projekt's conception of how to manifest Geralt's particular style in combat, healing, play/rest and travel.So, do I recommend this game? Ohhhh yeah! If you enjoy endless world exploration; if you enjoy story rich gaming; if you enjoy original creativity in art/graphics/design; if you enjoy loads of animal and monster interactions (it is automatic to have a horse to ride); and if you enjoy diverse cultural storytelling; you will want to add this one to your library.The Witcher Wild Hunt .... forever a Classic."
,Recommended,292030,17272595,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,RaberShef,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing GOLD. Even if you haven't played first 2 games, it's not a problem at all. Open-world design is really well implemented. Everytime you set out for a specific quest, you will find yourself in a very different place exploring amazing landscapes, getting even more quests and being part of amazing stories. Really, side-quests in this game doesn't feel like side-quests. Even MMORPG like ""get that, pick this"" style quests have intriguing stories and does not feel boring. There are some side-quests in this game that could easily be a main story for another game. Graphics of this game is really good especially at sunsets it looks damn good. But deactivate HairWorks because it really kills the fps and imo Geralt's original hair is better but I can't deny that HW looks damn good on monsters. There is a mod for activating HW just for monsters you can check it out. They gave us 16 free DLC and some major some minor patches every few weeks. They really listen to their community. This game easily takes at least 60 hours to complete generally but if you don't want it to end and want to explore every square meter of it then it would take a whole lot more and the price is really low for this kind of entertainment. If you have the money, just buy it!"
76561198035505855,Recommended,292030,15985313,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Turdus_iliacus,"Sod the bosoms, asses and brilliant story, buy this game for the gwent card game"
,Recommended,292030,19509945,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Sir Dan,"I've played role playing games all my gaming life. The Witcher® 3: Wild Hunt is an absolute masterpiece. I could make a silly-huge list about all the great things in the game, but just watch a let's play on YouTube. It's impossible to put into words how amazing and immersive this game is.It's hard to say this is the best RPG I have ever played, because I still feel like Final Fantasy VII stole part of my soul and I'll never get it back. But I'm pretty sure this is indeed, the second best RPG I have ever played.Don't hesitate like I did, I should have played this sooner.An easy 10/10"
,Recommended,292030,16053822,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Deathstar,"After months and months of teasing, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is finally out. Polish developers CDProject Red have promised more of the same in the story-department, but also many improvements and, indeed, innovations for the Witcher-franchise. But let us start at the beginning.The Witcher 3, like its predecessors, tells the story of Geralt of Rivia, mutated monsterhunter extraordinaire. After battling amnesia in The Witcher 2, Geralt is finally in full control of his mental capacities, which was about time, as his already white hair seemingly turns grey. Beginning the game, you have one mission: Find Ciri, your foster-daughter. This is all the motivation needed for Geralt to embark on his journey, which again takes him into the Kingdom of Temeria, now conquered by the Empire of Nilfgaard. The world of Witcher 3 constitutes the first major innovation promised by CDProject Red: It's open and sandboxy. White Orchard, Valen, the free city of Novigrad and Skellige Islands are the major areas you are set loose upon, plus a number of smaller, one-off locations without their own surrounding area. Each of the major playing fields offers a sizable map with numerous points-of-interest for you to discover. These include villages with shops, services and quests, but also sort-of random encounters, like a camp of deserters, a monster lair or just some wayward NPC looking for some hired muscle. Interesting to note is that each of the major areas is within itself completely devoid of loading screens. This includes the interior for houses and caves.As you would expect, an open world like this will likely cause even the most focused of minds to stray from its path, that being the main story, and that is a good thing. Unlike the contract-style quests from its predecessors, The Witcher 3 got rid of all ""Kill X [Creature]""-quests and instead focuses on missions more akin to what you would read in the Witcher books. Contracts are usually about a monster of significant strength threatening some peasant's livelyhood - the sort of quest you would really need a Witcher for. After inquiring about the beast, a short investigation will begin, during which Geralt has to track the monster and find out more about it. The ingame bestiary also records any creatures you have faced or learned about and will give you pointers to help you defeat it. Upon delivering a trophy (usually the head), Geralt will be paid the agreed upon amount of gold. Simple, but much more involved than the quests in previous installments. Indeed, some side-quests are more fleshed out than bits of the main story, skipping them would be a loss.Combat has also seen some improvements and now feels even more freeform than before. Of course, the main mechanics stay in place, with light and heavy attacks, steel and silver swords as well as your magic signs to cast in combat. Even with the improvements, fighting multiple opponents in The Witcher 3 can still be unforgiving, even on normal difficulty.Lastly, the inventory has been revamped. Although it can still get pretty messy once you have amassed a whole truckload of alchemical ingredients, it allows you to sort by type and for crafting it will pick the right ingredients for you. Witcher-potions now have more complex recipes, but one vial allows multiple swigs before needing to meditate and refilling them with any alcohol from your inventory - handy. The only ever-present point of critique would be the somewhat clunky controls (mouse and keyboard). Upon first starting the game, it is advised to do some tweaking in the options (protip: Turn ON hardware cursor!).The Witcher 3 is a fairly significant milestone in modern day RPG-games. It convinces both gameplay-wise and in its graphics. The world looks absolutely beautiful, even after the alleged ""downgrade"" since the 2013 trailers. Plus, even before releasing the modding tools, there are already mods for the game to improve its looks even further. Naturally, running the game on max settings will require a very beefy machine, but standard PCs should still be able to run it on high.Those who absolutely did not find any enjoyment in the previous Witcher-games, especially in The Witcher 2, will probably not find a game here that is different enough for them. Also, while it can be played without having completed the first two games, it is advisable to at least read up on the story so far, just so you know who everyone is and where the characters' motivation is coming from. Also, it is worth noting that although Witcher 3 is in its core an open world game, it still tells a story - that of Geralt. This is why there is no character customisation (although you can cut his hair and beard now!) and certain things just are not up to you as the player. That said, The Witcher 3 is a solid RPG and easily a candidate for 2015's top games. A normal playthrough, doing an average amount of side-questing, will last anywhere between 60 and 100 hours. Plus, DLC is already on its way (paid and free)."
,Recommended,292030,15931381,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Sentry Turret,"An open world adventure game like no other, as good as a video game gets. The story alone should make this game a must buy.A pretty hard game just like the other witcher games. Combat system improved, very fun and tactical. You can travel on foot, on horse, on boat or fast travel whatever you think is fun to you. The game has one of the biggest worlds in a open world game. But it's easy and fast to travel around it, yet it does feel big and there are lots to explore on every corner. Voice acting is good as well, but voice of Geralt may sound ''forced'' to newcomers. Background sounds are very nice, mystical sounds of nature and soundtrack of the game fits together well.I also can clearly see with the upcoming patches, most of the optimization issues and bugs will get solved. Don't let these make you think before buying this masterpiece of a game, it is not logical to expect no technical issues from a game with a world this big. ''Do I think my PC can run this game?'' is the only question you should ask yourself.If Skyrim was GOTY with all the bugs, glitches, poor AI, boring combat; this game is Game of the Century, period."
,Recommended,292030,32923225,Posted: 28 June,all,Steelshank,!I lost my virginity thanks to this game!Thank You Geralt of Rivia!!!
,Recommended,292030,24002641,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,AlphaDiode ©,"So good, I bought it both on GOG and Steam. There's so much to do and so massive it's mind boggling. I'm on my 2nd full playthrough to explore the games myriad of options and choices. While alot of the quests are essentially the same sort of quests found in all RPGs, what makes this different is in the story telling, depth of characters and immersion. Some of the quests are quite long and are mini games/stories in and of themselves full of treachery, deceipt, character development and uncertainty, with the NPCs all having their own hidden agendas and motivations.You'll often find yourself making choices which impact the landscape and outcome of the game's characters, villages, quests and stories, relationships and it's never easy or clear what the best choice to make is. The graphics, sound, wonderful soundtrack and atmosphere really do a stellar job pulling you in.The game isn't perfect and no game ever is, there are annoying issues with your horse path finding, getting hung up on objects  and NPCs repeating dialog as you pass by (although much of said dialog is quite humorous) and sometimes weird camera angles but at the end of the day they're easy to ignore given the game's strengths.You can develop Geralt in whatever way you like, care of one them multi branch skill trees/sets along with a crafting system which is easy to use and flexible enough to suit many play styles. It's by far the best of the series.The combat mechanics are excellent. You'll not be able to button mash your way through this one especially on the harder difficulties. Many fights (especially big boss fights) require careful preparation and planning using tactics, potions, oils and knowledge of your enemies strengths and weaknesses.Wrapping up, this game is just dripping with lore and character and it manages to be dark, gritty, humorous, beautiful and perhaps most importantly, believable which is what sets it apart from so many other RPGs out there. It really sets a new standard, and it's going to be a touch act to follow."
,Recommended,292030,18834370,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Zurahh,10/10
,Recommended,292030,16949178,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Gibbons,"I can't recall having played, if ever, a fantasy RPG game quite as enjoyable and engaging as The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt.It would be an understatement to say that this game is my favorite game of the year. It's quite possibly my favorite fantasy RPG game of the last decade. I've played tons of fantasy RPG games from Diablo, the Elder Scrolls series, the Dragon Age series, and so much more... The Witcher 3 gives me everything I ever loved from those games and then some. It throws me in a world that seems more real then the rest, but yet so surreal at the same time that it remains completely fascinating. One of the truely special things about the Witcher games is that nothing is ever so black and white. Characters in that game feel so much more relatable and down to earth. It's never as simple as good and evil. Nothing is super obvious and you really have to think about your decisions. There are long term consequences to your actions and I was really surprised to see some of my choices I made early in the game come back and bite me in the♥♥♥♥♥later on. It's not all bad, but boy do I have some regrets and I love that it makes me feel that way.I enjoyed the main story throughout the game and even more so that some of the side quests seemed to tie into the main storyline in very interesting ways. Speaking of the side quests, I can't get enough of em'. They are so well designed and well written. Every side quest has a purpose, every single one. There are big choices to be made in side quests, and their consequences. There are no filler quests or time wasters like a certain other game I played last year... AHEM AKUAHA * DRAGON AGE * Aghkgh .. .eh.. ah.. Yeah, Dragon Age Inquisition. Side quests in that game bored me to death. But not Witcher 3. Oh no. I enjoyed my journey all the way to the bitter end.I want more! I do. Even after 185 hours, i'm still craving more Witcher 3. I don't usually start a second playthrough so soon after finishing the first, but boom there it is. If an awesome story and sidequests weren't enough I also found the combat to be super visceral and engaging. They've made huge strides and improvements since Witcher 2 and every movement and swing of the sword is very fluid and the animations for Geralt are something to behold. On that note lets also talk about the graphics. I believe Witcher 3 is the best looking game i've ever played on PC to date. I know the graphics were toned down a little and aren't exactly what they showed at E3, but it's still the best looking game around.. probably even better looking with the mods that are sure to come. Besides i'm pretty sure it wouldn't run all that great for most people if they didn't tone it down a notch. It's not all that bad, stop your whining kids. They did what they had to do to make it functional. I'm glad they did, honestly. It looks glorious at the highest settings and i'm getting a good enough framerate. Hops between 48 and 60 fps since I have Nvidia hairworks enabled.. which I personally thought looked pretty cool. If you can have that enabled and maintain a decent framerate I recommend keeping it on.There's about a million great things I can say about The Witcher 3, and all the negative things about it were already fixed in patches, or are being fixed in future patches. The developers show their love to the game and their fans by keeping ontop of things and not only that, but they've been releasing free top quality DLC periodically. I'm talking full fledged quests, fully voice acted with choices and consequences of their own. New outfits for you and your horse. New outfits for other characters. Some more cosmetic stuff, and nice little additions. But those free quests man, damn that's awesome. Anyway, here's hoping that other companies and developers take a couple pages out of CD Projekt Red's book. More games of this caliber would be most welcome, especially if their aimed towards the PC community first and foremost as they should be.So do I recommend this game? Mhm. Without a doubt.Final Verdict: (5 out of 5)"
,Recommended,292030,16007667,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Fel,"I'll start by saying I have loved the Witcher series since I picked up Witcher 2 a couple years ago. I've read all the books and I'm so engrossed in the lore that I can probably recite some of the elder speech phrases by memory.The Graphics of this game are a 10/10 for me. Even on Low this game looks stunning. I mean absolutely stunning. I'm using a Radeon R9 270x (2GB VRAM) and I run this game on Medium/High settings.  It looks amazing. I catch myself in awe staring at the sunrise or sunsets.. The attention to detail in Novigrad completely leaves me shocked at some points.The Gameplay of this game would have to be a 8/10. It plays extremely well, and I hardly ever find myself thinking, ""Damn this sucks.. It's too clunky.."". The only time I have EVER thought this game felt clunky is when I'm on Roach(the horse) and Roach is stuck trying to make things convenient by following the path. Overall though? Combat is intense on Hard+ difficulty. The multiple ways you can play this game is addicting and I kinda can't wait to try them all throughout multiple playthroughs.The Story of this game? 9001/10 I can't even tell you how happy I am about the story in this game.. If you're a long time Witcher fan you will be in heaven. The characters you get to meet.. from the books, or even just from previous games. The side quests are even detailed enough that they have their own stories! That's just impressive in my book.Sidequests..Things to do outside of the main story? Gwent is addicting. You will find yourself wanting to collect every single hero and special card you think exists. The side quests in general are very fun and detailed... but Gwent.. Gwent is truly a special little mini game.Oh by the way, the game is DRM free even with steam. You can launch it regardless if steam is even running on your PC.CD Projekt RED has delivered on it's promise and this game is truly a masterpiece in my eyes. It's everything I wanted and more. The fact that this game will keep me occupied for many many months should speak volumes about it's quality.All the hype, all the waiting.. was worth it. 10/10 game.Thank you CD Projekt RED.TL, DR:Come for the amazing story experience.Stay for the Gwent."
,Recommended,292030,30802509,Posted: 28 March,all,r4m3,There's nothing more to say than:On your knees all the bethesdas and other biowares.The king is only one. And his name is Geralt.
,Recommended,292030,16303690,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,skidbaby,"jesus christ, playing a game that legitimately feels like the devs care is so refreshing these days. every aspect of this game fits perfectly together. easily one of the best games ive ever played.P.S. I have roughly 200 hours in this game by now, I just have choppy internet that cuts out constantly.     It doesn't count my time when I'm offline."
76561198004466555,Recommended,292030,15979799,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Bubbles,Magnificent.
76561198164381608,Recommended,292030,19816816,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Blyatiful Cykastic,"""We are gamers first of all, and we all like to be treated equally. So it only makes sense that as developers we apply the same principle to everything we do here in CD PROJECT RED.”This game is the most brilliant masterpiece I have ever played. The witcher 3, learnt from the lessons of both the witcher 1 and 2, combining the two worlds in its predecessors and adding new regions, generates an open-world game map with massive areas to explore. HUGE as it is, there are 4 main open worlds in the Wild Hunt, with Velen—No Man’s Land, The Free City of Novigrad, Skellige and Kaer Morhen respectively. If you haven’t got an idea how big the game is, each individual open world is bigger than GTA V Los Santos and there are thousands of small quests or stuff to do combined in the open world. Quite noticeably, those small things to explore, do not count as redundant parts of the game. Even a small bandit camp you came across may contain another small quests that may lead you to a letter written with mid-century English and a treasure box that you need to use your Witcher sense to claim with that letter you’ve found. You may meet your old friends in the witcher 1 and 2 in a common witcher contract; depending on the choices you made, these characters may end up in different consequences which makes real-life perfect sense. You may rescue a merchant in need from a monster nests who later on will be willing to provide cheap and fabulous witcher gears to you. Multiple regions of the world, a great number of side quests and witcher contracts, over 100 different kinds of enemies you will encounter…all of which lead you to an adult fantasy you will never forget.The Witcher is about choices and consequences, not about good, or evil. That is why the choices you make during the game has so much impact on both the immediate and the long future. Countless choices you make during the game, from the attitude you treat your daughter Ciri (which may leads to different final endings), to a small witcher contract pay that might not satisfy you, creates a strong sense of identification between the player and the protagonist. For a long time after I finished the Witcher, I imagined that I was playing as Geralt of Rivia, the butcher of Blaviken, fighting for the ones I love. The plot and the pace the story was so well-written that I lost the sense of time when I was playing it. Because every single NPC in the game is a vivacious character, choices you made make so much sense in the aftermath of the world. Even small storylines you encounter during the game provide a later-time consequences. You may come across an old woman cursing the heredities who ruined the pyres they pray on. Sometime after you punished those punks, the villagers would go back to the repaired pyres to pray. You may also choose to betray a group of Scoitel unit who made a living on ambushing the military necessities of the Redania Company. Sometime later, the captain of the group will come to you, insulting you and threatens to kill you……You think the witcher is just about killing monsters? Dead wrong. As a witcher holding the neutrality principle, you got to see numerous thought-provoking phenomenon even mimicking the world we live in today. Wise choice of the writer to create a protagonist, not meddling or interfering with most of the events around you, just sitting beside as an audience, perceiving the matters that happens around you. After banishing, killing all the sorcerer and sorceresses, new non-humans get hanged and killed. “People never stop finding excuses for themselves, what they want to find is a scapegoat.” The time when you first reach Novigrad, you will see a she-elf being rudely questioned by some humans. Once you interfere with them, you got no polite appreciation (no matter what choices you make). Instead, the elf blamed you for not letting her own to resolve the matter. The best choice of this small activity turns out to be not interfering, just watching them to solve the problem by themselves! The game does not encourage heroism as demonstrated in a lot of other games. It’s a game that prompts bystander views. The comprehension of Hamlet varies from reader to reader. Your choices, therefore, greatly manifests your own values and you know what, the world that the story ends is the world that you create by yourself.And that is why I highly recommend this fabulous adult fairytale to all of you, “The Witcher”. As a gamer, this game helps me GROW UP. Not a lot of games actually does that. With only 59.99 dollars to spend, the game also offers 16 free DLCs and the paid DLC “Heart of Stone” is already up on shelf that creates some more fascinating tales of the White Wolf. If you haven’t bought the game yet, that would be an absolute ♥♥♥♥ing pity. Once you were in for the path of destiny with your steel and silver swords, you will never forget your once-in-a-life role-playing as Geralt of Rivia.----------------“If I’m to choose one evil to another, I’d rather not choose at all. ”"
,Recommended,292030,21122312,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,SaLeH,goood
,Recommended,292030,32857006,Posted: 27 June,all,Good Boy Macho,"What can I say? This game is a masterpiece. Witcher 3 brought me to all emotions -- fear, disgust, joy, hatred, anticipation, sadness, surprise, trust, fun and love.I haven't finished it yet and I'm afraid that I won't be able to find the same happiness I'm getting from this game. I don't want it to end but as of this writing,I've already saved Ciriwhich means I'm near the end.I can't say a negative thing about this game. There are few funny glitches but they're not game breaking. Graphics is absolutely stunning. Voice acting is superb and the story is well written. Thank you CD Projekt Red for making this game. Witcher will be always in my heart. If I ever have a son, I will name him Geralt. If it's a girl, I will name her CIrilla Fleur."
,Recommended,292030,15971551,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,peachman,Definitely deserves the title GOTY 2015!This game is incredibly great!
,Recommended,292030,16002977,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Alwarren,"After about 20+ hours in the game, I can wholeheartedly say it is the best witcher game so far, and a great game all around. Graphics is great (give me a break with all that downgrade stuff, yeah the E3 trailer looked better, so what), smooth, and the game plays like a charm.Things I like:1. Large, organic world. The world feels real, and looks absolutely gorgeous. Nothing seems out of place, roads make sense, villages are integrated into the landscape. It looks and feels believable.2. Combat is challenging but not impossible. I am playing on ""Blood and Bones"" difficulty. It gives you a sense of danger, making it exhilarating to enter a stretch of dark forest knowing that there are things that could kill you easily, making winning a fight even more rewarding. It can cause some frustration sometimes, though.3. Excellent voice acting, music, and graphics.4. The folklore. There is a very rich background of lore surrounding the world, things are explained and make sense, adding to the believability of the game.Things I don't like so much:1. The density and location of random monster encounters. There are way too many of them, and they are in illogical places, meaning directly next to a travelled road or a settlement. More than once, you can see drowners lurking directly under a cliff of a village, or a nest of endregas directly next to the road. There is also little variety in these monsters - wolves, wild dogs, drowners, and an occasional nekker or bandit is what you find. If you see a bear and are below level 6, run.2. The main storyline is 90% bloat. While I like it so far, and a lot of the side quests you have to do are really really good, the standard scheme is always: Go place, talk to someone that has information, which he/she will only divulge with if you do them a favor. It's no surprise the game's main storyline supposedly runs for 30+ hours, because it has so much sidetracking that it practically consists of said 90% sidequesting.3. Side quests, witcher contracts, and random stuff is all very nicely done. The times of ""bring me six drowner brains"" are gone, every side quest tries to tell a story, some small, some larger. However, more than often I have felt that it was just a bit too much. Example: I am supposed to escort someone from A to B. Along the way, all of a sudden we get attacked by wraiths. Kill all wraith, repeat three times. It would have been sufficient if there was one or at most two encounters. At the third, it just gets annoying.In general, though, I recommend this game. It's one of the best to come out this years, and certainly one of the best RPG's ever. The flaws I mentioned can be annoying but are generally forgiveable. I would put it on the same level as Skyrim, the only thing that Skyrim has going for it is that you have more different roles - obviously, here you are restricted to playing the witcher. But this limitation also means that there is nothing in the game that you cannot do - there is no thieves guild quest package you'll never see if you don't play a thief, for example.9 out of 10 points."
76561198090142950,Recommended,292030,23483702,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Pepe Avery,NPC: My wife was killed by something in the forest yesterday.Would you investigate?Sole Survivor:1)More info2)Yes3)No4)SarcasticGeralt:1)Yes2)Let's discuss my pay3)WOULD YOU LIKE TO GWENT?The Gwentner 3: Card Hunt10/10 would gwent again
,Recommended,292030,23546773,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,ZeroKing,"Developed with an eye for perfection, CD ProjectRED did it again. Memorable characters, amazing duels, open world filled with life, smooth gameplay, moddable add-ins, and the amazing downloadable expansions. This game is, by far, one of my most favourite RPGs of all times.Give this amazing title a try, you'll never be disappointed."
,Recommended,292030,32066877,Posted: 30 May,all,Scorpion wins,"This game is sexy......the bad is that you will keep on looking for Ciri, even when you are not playing the game..."
76561198044989649,Recommended,292030,15946642,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,LT_Grapefruit,Geralt of Rivia is a better detective than batman 10/10.Srsly a really good game so far tho worth the cash money wad.its easily the best game on my pc right now.
,Recommended,292030,23461670,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,nyyfandan,The biggest problem I have with this game is the amount of hours of my life I had to give up in order to enjoy it all.Just buy the game.
,Recommended,292030,20453701,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Emperor Gandhi,"This game is a very difficult game to review for me. Most things I'm about to say have probably been said by some other reviewer out there, but I can back up most of their opinions. Witcher 3 is a massive game. Averyvery massive game at that. The major issue with these games, however, is the fact that they're usually bland with generic filler side quests. Witcher 3, however, is an incredibly polished game with side quests that aren't meaningless, along with a world filled to the brim with something interesting going on around every corner. For reasons like these, Witcher 3 has been highly praised by the entire gaming community. In fact, people are going as far as calling this one of the best games of all time. I don't think Witcher 3 is the next Ocarina of Time or anything like that, but Witcher 3 is definitely a really, really,reallygood game.GraphicsI'm going to say this now: THESE GRAPHICS ARE ""DOWNGRADED?"" Are you actuallySERIOUSwith that? I find that incredibly laughable. Well, gamers nowadays do have ridiculous expectations (look at Fallout 4 if you need an example) so I guess that explains it. Witcher 3's graphics are INCREDIBLE, to say the least. The entire game is absolutely gorgeous, and is probably one of the most beautiful games I have ever played. Just look at a few screenshots some people have taken for this game. One or two of them could easily justify my opinion on this.GameplayThe gameplay has had mixed reception. Some found it to be intense and enjoyable, while others found it to be really boring. I think the combat, for the most part, was very enjoyable. I found it much more fun actually being a little more tactical about how to approach an enemy rather than mindlessly chop an enemy up into tiny pieces. That being said, there are two flaws with the gameplay. The one that is more important, however, is how easy the game begins to get as time goes on. In the beginning, you'll be struggling with how to spend your money, and what skills you should level up. As time goes on, you'll be swimming in money, so that isn't a problem. Plus, since you have fancy armor and most of your important skills levelled, the game won't be as difficult or intimidating. That being said, if you don't overlevel yourself, then the game is still difficult in a much more exciting way. The other flaw I have with the gameplay is howAWFULthe fistfights are. I can't stand them. They're boring and usually really unfair, and that seems kind of ironic seeing how you're playing as a superhuman mercenary. However, to make up for this, the world is massive and discourages going through the main storyline immediately, something I'm glad for. It is encouraged throughout the game you do the side quests, and it's actually very worthwhile. They feel like actual side quests rather than filler content. To give this game even more depth, you have a game inside a game, called Gwent. I'm not addicted to Gwent like other people, but it is actually pretty fun to play if you're bored. Overall, the gameplay has a lot of depth, although it does have a few glaring flaws.StoryI've never read a Witcher book or played any of the games, so I walked into this not knowing much aside from who Geralt of Rivia and Triss Merigold were, along with knowing what witchers are. Because of that, the main story didn't appeal to me as much as other people, but it does get really exciting when you get farther into the game.The Battle of Kaer Morhenwas one of the best parts to the game in my opinion. However, where this game shines most is how interesting the side quest stories are. As I said before, the side quests FEEL like side quests, instead of ""kill this"" or ""fetch this for me"" in basically every other open world RPG game out there. Because of this, it gives Witcher 3 even more depth and makes it even more detailed. The story overall gives this game life, and because of that, this game has gotten well-deserved praise.AudioThe voice acting is rather mediocre, personally. I did find it to be pretty forgettable. However, this game's soundtrack is absolutely amazing. It fits the mood perfectly, and makes up for the somewhat bland voice acting. The combat music is exciting and keeps you on the edge of your seat, while the overworld music is somewhat calming with a sense of sadness in it because of how dark and depressing the Continent really is. Not much to say here, but the music is extremely good.ReplayabilityOverall, I wouldn't say that Witcher 3 is the strongest in the replayability. However, that being said, the game makes up for this because of the number of things you can do instead of just blowing through the main story. Those people who have 80-100 hours on the game are playing through it normally, along with some of the side quests. If you want, you can crank up the difficulty and do another playthrough. This makes the game 100x more exciting, and you might be able to get about 50-100 more hours of fun from doing that as well.VerdictOverall, I think Witcher 3 is an incredible game. It's massive, full of detail and depth, has an outstanding soundtrack, and so much more. It's not a perfect game and is not the magnum opus of the gaming industry. However, this game is definitely the new benchmark RPG for this generation because of the fact what it did right, it did extremely well. Overall, I would HIGHLY recommend this game, as long as you don't mind some points in the story where it'll slow down a bit.Graphics- 10/10Gameplay- 8.0/10Story- 9.0/10Audio- 8.5/10Replayability- 7.0/10**PERSONAL PICK**.:9.4/10:.+Incredibly detailed+Gorgeous graphics+High quality side quests+Amazing soundtrack+Tons of depth+Huge world-Late gamesomewhatkills the mood-Fistfights"
76561198034602874,Recommended,292030,23255535,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,dmshide,"The Witcher is raw and mold-breaking!I've played all three games multiple times and read the books upon which ithey are based.  The author who invented the character has found a gem here.  This development team has done a great job in capturing its essence.I find the graphics and the ads for the game to be of the highest quality.  Honestly, when is this graphics group going to make a complete movie?  They should.The storyline is 10/10.  The quest choices that you make have an impact on the game.  No really.  Villages you used to trade with can disappear because they are destroyed by choices you make.  Women will stop loving you.  Men will change from friend to enemy and back again because of your political position and how you treat their friends.  Sometimes I would quit just to think about what to do.   Even then, I was satisfied by my choice and yet immensely curious about what I had missed.   This translates to high replay value.Ok, let's address combat controls.  I read many of the negative reviews and this is where most people had a frustrating experience.Being used to Skyrim when I first started playing this, I was confused and frustrated.  I play on PC with a Nostromo controller, so I have as many buttons as I need, but still I was having a hard time.  And then something clicked!  If you've ever played early Battlefield games and tried your hand at helicopter piloting, you know this feeling.  It's awkward, it's frustrating, and then... it's amazing!  It's freeing!  If you give yourself a chance to get it, you will find that the reason it was frustrating is the amount of freedom the controls give you.  You will find that the momentum you could not overcome easily at first becomes a predictable benefit for your combat moves and predicting the actions of others.  The physics suddenly looks right and makes sense.  Other games controls suddenly seem a bit unrealistic as you turn on a dime or change directions from a full sprint without skidding or having to slow down.I for one, learned to love the controls and would not have them change a thing.Anyone else out there find the same sweet spot?  Give me an Uooooorraaaah!Voice acting = amazingComplex characters abound.Welcome to a world that responds to you and makes you feel like you are creating a story and enjoying one at the same time.10/10 for me.Will replay again once the next downloadable content arrives.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,292030,22349147,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Fallayn,Best RPG in a long time.
,Recommended,292030,16007520,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Shadow,Choose wisely.
,Recommended,292030,27126741,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bamanboi,"It's a masterpieceNominated for ""Just 5 more minutes"" award"
76561198034934380,Recommended,292030,33295689,Posted: 5 July,all,shakedlevi32,"I really dont know where to start , so i'll just start, i got the witcher 3 on the day it came out, i never stopped playing it since then(ofc i took some breaks thanks to school and stuff..)I got to the NG+ and never got bored, finished the dlc's and still got the urge to replay the whole story.This game is one of a kind, a game where you're getting attached to the characters, getting amazed by the views, by the great story_line, the endless sidequests, contracts, and so much more and more..and how could i forget ofc, GWENT!- put the game it self aside, gwent adds so much to the game given the fact that you need to search for the cards, participate in tournaments, sometimes i just got sucked to it and played it for hoursafter almsot finishing this game entirely (2 achievments left, too lazy to get em), i can say that the witcher 3 is one of the best games this century has seen so far if not the best.so sad i cant delete me memory to fresh start, altho i can see my self replaying the whole campagin again one day.10/10. notin more. <3"
76561198097222383,Recommended,292030,15937416,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Valkyrie10,"-One of- if not the- most impressive game I have played in years. The freedom to customize Geralt has made a huge leap since the last installment, both in terms of gear and items, as well as skills.-Horse...that I can attack from...need I say more.-The graphics are some of the best I have seen, not just for the series or genre, but overall, particularly the environment, it makes me feel as if I am hovering behind Geralt in a very real world. The character's look gorgeous as well, the female characters mostly. (Triss, Yennefer, Cirrila)-A very good amount of content, not as many quests as skyrim had, but the quests have great content, multiple parts, require forethought and preperation rather than charging in and killing everything at location x.-Plenty of additional content, monster nests to hunt, treasure hunts, witcher contracts, locations to discover, gwent (I played Gwent with the first available opponent for an hour).-Engaging, gritty, and impactful storyline, Everything is interesting, the people I interact with range from kind and considerate to violent homicidal foul-mouthed drunks, and everything I do makes me feel like I've affected someone's life.-Boats...boats...oh, and more boats.-The ability to swim around underwater and collect items/herbs, as well as fight.-Boss fights seem randomized, they have their own behaviors and are often unpredictable for first timers. Two-thumbs up.-Crafting system provides multitudes of options, but is still simple and easier to understand.-Soundtrack, character sounds, animal sounds, and environmental sounds are amazing.-Combat is bloody, gory, and all around satisfying, particularly the finishers.Cons:-Haven't figured out how to kill the random peasants that trash me...yet.-You can steal...which may not be a con depending on your disposition.-There seems to be a bit of an overabundance of herbs, I think I left the prologue with enough herbs to open a floral shop in Novigrad. Which can also be a pro if you rely heavily on alchemy or in the more difficult modes.-No traps that I've found yet. Hopefully they are included in a dlc.-Final game in the series...goodbye Geralt, I'll miss you and all your friends.All in all, a must-own for any rpg fan whether casual or die-hard fan. Would be a great deal of fun to play through all 3 games back to back. Can't wait to see what CDPR does next. Would like to see a new rpg set in the witcher universe. Fingers crossed. In the mean time, anyone fancy a few rounds of Gwent?"
,Recommended,292030,19897774,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Geralt of Trivia,"I've only 1 hour playtime as of this review, but I have owned this game on GOG. I found a great deal for a GOG CDKey on a 3rd party website and took it. But I wanted the DLCs, and I can't buy stuff from GOG because of its payment methods, so I also bought it on this Steam sale. The fact that I paid twice for this game should speak for itself, but I'll write a more in-depth review too.I'll start off with saying that I'm a fantasy fan. So I might be a tiny bit biased. However, biased or not, this game is brilliant. Great story, great stroytelling. Great gameplay. Great graphics. Great voice overs. Great sound editing. I really cannot recommend it enough.I'll just list some pros/cons because I like lists.Pros:1. AMAZING Stroy, with great storytelling.2. It's long. Very long. Long main questline, many, many interesting side quests, some of them unique.3. Great Writing! The dialogues are great, and they're really funny at times!4. Great gameplay, great combat, challenging at higher difficulties.5. Great graphics. It just looks awesome!6. Great animations. They look refiend, and real.7. Big map! The map is rather large, and there are many thigs to explore!8. Amzing dev! CD Projekt Red got developer of the year, and they deserve it. They listen to the community, they have implemented many things that people requested, they even worked on a holiday to fix a bug they had introduced on an update!9. Lots of easter eggs. Take my advice, read every book, letter and scroll you fine. You'll not regret it.10. Mod support. Not as vast as Skyrim e.g., but it has a Modkit and officially supports mods.This game is amazing, but not perfect. It has a few cons, and I'll list them below.Cons:1. Too many pointless collectibles. There are a lot of these ""quesion marks"" on the map, and most of them are useless.2. Too demanding. It looks great, sure, but it's too heavy on system resources, also, it doesn't scale that well. I mean, GTA V looks great (not as great as this, however) but it also looks ugly on low and runs on low end hardware. This game, however, doesn't run well on low-end hardware that well, and it doens't look that ugly on low. But it looks amazing on Ultra, and require equally amazing hardware.3. Mod support not as good as Witcher 2. Witcher 2 had better mod support.4. KB/M controls aren't great. I am only a PC gamer, and have never owned a console, so I can't really be biased towards controllers, but I can say this game is best played with a controller. There's little need for aiming (which, for the life of my I can't do with a controller) but fighting is just better with the controller. In fact, I bought a controller just to play this game propely.Okay, so all in all, amazing game. Title of the ""Game of the year"" was very well deserved.If you're still skeptical on buying this, don't be. It's great. Just buy it.I give it 9.5/10UPDATE: I nominated this game for ""Game within a game"" award, since gwent is just so awesome. But, it also deserved to be nominated for most other awards as well."
,Recommended,292030,17700923,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Sicॐ,"I think there is nothing more to say about this game,it's name says everything.This is by far the best RPG of last years,not only that it's open world and you can go wherever you want and do whatever you want,but the maps are also enormous.There are too many quests to find them all,and also very interesting and fun.The story is easly the best of all 2015 games.Gameplay is a lot more improved than the other games of this trilogy,and you can customize almost everything at Gerlad and he's equipment.And not even that it has lots of hours of content,but there will come more dlcs,and even mods.This might be the new skyrim!With all this being said : ,,  Witcher is not a game,Gwent is!  """
,Recommended,292030,18399619,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Bad Wolfx,A 15gb patch with a massive changelog once again proves CDPR are the best at making games that make you feel like you got your moneys worth. You should probably buy this game off principle alone.
76561198086499308,Recommended,292030,16022012,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,jubilant,"Overall, voice acting and storytelling are incredible. Characters such as Geralt, Sigi (won't attempt to spell his actual name), the three Wolf School Witchers, Ciri and Yennefer are very well played. At the same time these characters' performance and involvement in the game vastly overshadows the roles of other characters such as Triss, Vernon Roche, and Iorventh(who didn't even show up).Combat has the potential to be extremely satisfying but needs some fleshing out. The combat system works perfectly for 1v1 combat. The new rolling system and movement system allows for bossfights to feel crisp and clean and is a huge improvement over Witcher 2's bossfights. Combat against multiple people can become tricky due to how many factors are out of the player's control. There is no way to precisely select the intended target and occasionally Geralt decides to automatically sheathe his sword or to enter the casual walking mode.Character development was completely changed from Witcher 2. I really enjoyed how the player could equip certain skills and how mutagens worked now. No longer is the player forced to get skills he does not want to get on to the following skill in the tree. At the same time, many skills were simply percentage increases in damage or toxicity. The only skills that I felt actually changed gameplay and allowed the player to innovate their playing style was the active/channeled ability modes added for witcher signs.The environment is well portrayed and each region is portrayed uniquely. Through many regions lack any memorable landmarks resulting in the minimap becoming the only means of navigation. Throughout areas such as Velen the war between Nilfgaard and Radovid are ever present, though disappointingly no battles are ever fought in these areas despite the game's attempts to present the tenseness of imminent battle. In fact, I do not remember a single Nilgaard or Redanian fighting at any point in the game.The loot system was what I felt needed the most change. Certain items such as Ekimmara hide are used in countless recipes yet rarely appear in the game. Others actually have a 0% spawn chance in the world such as Cherry Cordial which can only be bought from a specific merchant. Things like meteorite ingots and ore which I never found any use for can be found in random peasants homes while steel only seems to appear in chests in quest areas.The leveled gear drops also became hugely irritating. It is understandable that the game wants the player to be equipped for his/her level, but this mechanic really starts to stand out when Witch Hunter Swords and Skillege swords dropped by every human opponent scale from 60 damage when you first find one to 200-350 towards the end of the game. Why bother holding onto unique weapons when 30 minutes down the line somebandit will drop a common longsword with equivalent, if not better, damage to your current swords. Armors were also disappointing, almost all armor (not including the witcher school armor) looks identical but with a different color scheme and bigger numbers.Overall, if you're most interested in some fantastic storytelling, the ability to squeeze 40-60 hours out of each playthrough, or are just a huge fan of the Witcher series this is a great game.-SPOILER ALERT-One major concern I had with the storymode was how rushed everything started to feel after the Kaer Morhen scene (which in all honesty should have marked the end of the game). Instead the plot becomes incredibly linear compared to other Witcher 2 games (even more so if you consider the scale of this game) where the only thing the player really has a say in is whether or not you leave Ciri on a high note. After that things were all 'Happily Ever After', so much so that I was utterly baffled that I was still playing a Witcher game."
,Recommended,292030,20211706,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,AUSTINTACIOUS,"Best game ever made. What a game! The game is so vast, I am over 60 hours in and am still just scratching the surface. It looks beautiful. My only complaint about the game would be the combat system and the camera movements when in combat, on a boat or on Roach. But that's it! This game is way better than Witcher 2. The characters are brilliant, story and dialogue is superb and you will lose countless hours of fun and enjoyment in this game exploring and looting everything! 10/10!"
,Recommended,292030,21845610,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Gwynbleidd,"A riveting experience. Total masterpiece.+Epic story in terms of both overall writing as well as dialogue.+Sexy times.+Highly sympathetic and likeable characters.+Witchers are awesome.+Ciri.+Great lore.+So obvious how much the devs cared for this game.+Geralt of Rivia.+Fantastic melee and magic combat systems.+Visually stunning. Creature design, lighting, textures and animation.+Peasants.-Some very minor graphical glitches.-A few quests are prone to becoming glitched and unable to be completed."
,Recommended,292030,31136638,Posted: 14 April,all,DerLugga,"Alright, what could I say about this trilogy? First of all, I played every episode and don't get tricked by my hours on The Witcher 3, I played it offline while we moved to an other city and I play it on Death March at the moment and it is really challenging, but fun. So let's start with the review ^^Story (10/10)The Witcher has an awesome storyline, that proceeds throught all episodes. But if you are too lazy to play the whole trilogy, there is an option : You can transfer your ""The Witcher 2"" Savegames to the Witcher 3, so that the game knows, that you played the second episode. But if the game finds no savegame nor the second episode, it tells the story different and more clear with more explanations. That you don't miss anything :).Gameplay (10/10)The gameplay is very smooth, but i personally prefer to play with the gamepad, I didn't tried to play with mouse and keyboard, so I can't tell you how it's like to play with it. The standard key-assignment is good enough and you learn pretty fast how to fight your enemies, you have a lot of choices to fight your enemy, with spells, with your sword or your crossbow. You can dodge/parry much better than in the last episode. You can just dodge in a direction, roll away or parry/block the attacks with your sword (It does not work on every type of enemy).Graphics (9/10)The graphics are mindblowing for 2015 but I sometimes see some problems with the textures, but if you don't look too close at the graphics, than you would think it's the best looking game you've ever played :^).Pro's and Contra'sPro's- A very good looking game- CD Project Red has an eye for details- The battle system is simple, but amazing.- Nice new minigame called gwint, I could just spend days playing this cardgame- The Story is well done and your decisions are important, they could change everything- Witchergear can be found in the worldContra's- Roach (Geralt's horse) is sometimes really buggy-You can get interrupted by Bandits or other enemies while being in a dialogueConclusionI personally loved The Witcher Trilogy and I can recommend this game to literally anyone, who's a bit interested in this game, but he's not sure to buy it.I hope you enjoyed reading this little review of mine. Please excuse some languagemistakes of mine, I live in germany but I wanted to try out an english review^^."
,Recommended,292030,30006294,Posted: 18 February,all,Pigeon23,"A complete and utter masterpiece. The graphics, narrative and gameplay are all as good as it gets; the world is filled with an insane amount of detail; the DLCs are better than most other standalone games; and there's a game inside a game - Gwent is complicated at first but soon becomes very rewarding.Overall, I'd recommend this game to anyone who can appreciate a game this good.10/10 - My favourite game of all time."
,Recommended,292030,32574124,Posted: 19 June,all,Heaven or New Vegas,"This is game is propably the best game of our time. And propably best game ever. The level of storrytelling, gameplay, design, characters, graphics, this game is so unique and brilliant, you want to live in it. Blood and Wine is defenetly the best DLC which was ever released. It is better then the stand alone game sometimes. If you can -- you NEED to play it, because in era of Mass Effect: Andromeda and Call of Duty: Whatever the ♥♥♥♥ they are making this time, Witcher 3 is like a pearl in the sea. If you are new to videogames and need to start with something -- this is your choice. Just play it, seriously.10/10."
76561198224442156,Recommended,292030,26858078,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AFTERSHOK,Must have!
,Recommended,292030,30814840,Posted: 29 March,all,ByStranger,Best game I have ever played
,Recommended,292030,16002084,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Rex Croatorum,"I'm exploring this amazing witcher world. I find a whole garrison of deserters, bandits and rapists above my level. I kill them all with difficulty with my sword, gabriel (crossbow) Igni,aard and bombs. took me almost 40 minutes, but it was worth the fight. it's time to loot the bandits and see what they were guarding and which stuff they hold in their pockets. I find some pretty nice loot. there's one body left behind a bandit's horse and I walk up to it and loot the bandit. the Ploughing horse kicks me and I lost all of my Hp. i'm dead, 2.5 hours of progress lost because i'm a cretin and forgot to save...11/10 would get beaten to death by horses again.don't believe the reviews. Horses are the strongest bosses in this game. AVOID HORSES AT ANY COSTEdit : I just finished the game  afther 265 hours and I loved the ending!"
,Recommended,292030,16283799,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Aneu,Easily one of the best RPG's ever created.
76561198061472445,Recommended,292030,16974911,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Mexican TryHard,"I finish Witcher 3 and realise, that there is nothing this sort of high quality releasing anytime soon;(Ciri and Geralt da best"
,Recommended,292030,17733146,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Defender of Sexyness,"Most people are cautious to spend this much money on a game (myself included) but I believe this game is worth every cent. All those positive reviews you see on the store page do not lie. The amount of content you get in this game is worth more than its pricetag.Playing the previous game is not necessary but id reccomend it to familarise yourself with the many characters, current events etc.The game reflects on developers who care about their product and customers. Game was running perfect on ultra when i first bought i and after a recent update i reckon i got a 30% performance boost topped with a bunch of free content.Amazing gameplay, a rich story that you can alter and replayability makes this my 2015 GOTY for me."
,Recommended,292030,16150663,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,fox_keith,"Just finished story line.This is so awesome game.One of the best ever!Thank you, CDRP!_P.S. What should I do with my life now?"
,Recommended,292030,16234752,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Battler,"What are you waiting for? There's no excuse to not buy this game.The game surpassed my expectation by far and I enjoyed every single quest, contract etc. After 80 hours I decided to finish the main story and still there's a lot to do in the game.PROSExcellent story.Great music.Dynamic combat.Tons of content.Dynamic weather.Yennefer.Crafting and alchemy.High variation of enemies.GwentFunny dialogues.CONSHorse control.Ignite near chests.Damage taken from falls it's insane."
,Recommended,292030,16033078,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,ekim,( . Y . ) / 10
,Recommended,292030,23052144,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,☘️  theLucky ☘,The best RPG ever made!  10/10!
,Recommended,292030,26994548,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,L u c i u s ツ,it is a good game but i dont know why im not playing it
76561198062357147,Recommended,292030,27359049,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,~P~R~I~M~A~L~,Wicked game---buy it now.
,Recommended,292030,19032782,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Korieeeee,The wolven storm touched my heart. Kept listening to the song for days and days.
76561198247666016,Recommended,292030,19031014,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,laurelxue,-Big world full of magic and sword;-Great story;-Many beauties :D;-Splendid graphics;-Colourful mission design;The Witcher 3 has no doubt to be a GREAT RPG!
,Recommended,292030,28756588,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Angelmaker,"A true masterpiece which was made with a budget about a third of GTA V. Content worth more than 150 hours of your time, fantastic visuals, captivating story... This game has won every possible award and more for nothing. Easily the best game I've ever played."
,Recommended,292030,16018029,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,[BOREDOM],The ♥♥♥♥ is Skyrim?
76561198008662174,Recommended,292030,18786355,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Ohnenick,"103 hrs in I have by far not finished the game yet, but it is easily one of the best fantasy RPGs I ever played.The world is gritty and dark and very fleshed out, making immersion into the game easy. True, its world isn't as open as Skyrim's, but the characters are far more developed and real. I always found Bethesda NPCs a bit on the two-dimensional side.It may not have as many explorable areas as Dragon Age Inquisition but even the side-quests (and there are many) are (almost) always interesting, have a unique backstory and refrain from DA:I's generic ""collect x of y"" or ""walk from A to B to C"" approach.The graphics are awesome and the love for detail is a joy to behold. Pack on top of that a really customer instead of revenue oriented developer (many DLCs are for free, where do you see that today in big high quality games) and you have - in my opinion - a game worth every single cent you spent for it, even at full price (which I don't regret paying for it).There are a few clouds on that bright sky too, of course. The things that bugs me most are the controls whcih seem to lag just long enough to be a bit annoying and the camera which tends to go to unfortunate angles during combat. That leads to you not being able to see your enemy from time to time until you move your character. And while the music is very good, the tracks are very short, so after 100+ hrs there is a certain repetition that might annoy a few people.Those are minor gripes though, as are the few bugs I encountered. They do nothing to lessen my enthusiam for and enjoyment of this game.A month ago I'd say if you ever play one RPG franchise in your life, play the Mass Effect Trilogy. I would qualify that now and say if you're into fantasy RPGs play The Witcher 3. You can deepen your experience and immersion if you played 1 and 2 and even further if you read the books, but even if you didn't this is a great game.CD Project has reached a status for me that Bioware has almost lost: I'd buy any RPG game from them immediately at release at this point."
,Recommended,292030,26848685,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,falc,Best game I've ever played. Also Gwent.
,Recommended,292030,31353437,Posted: 25 April,all,KnyH,"Great game that takes some time and effort to really enjoy what's unfolding in front of you. The different land areas are really something to behold. You have to invest a lot of time in this game, which I'm sure will be difficult to do if you ""have a life"".PROS• Huge, coherent and immersive game world• Game systems and storyline both engage• Beautifully rendered characters and scenery• Crammed with interesting quests, side-quests and activities• Awesome DLC Expansions• Triss and Yennefer ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )CONS• Long loading times• Occasional framerate drop10/10"
,Recommended,292030,16206985,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,♫♪Cinderella♪♫,MUST PLAY!!!
,Recommended,292030,26813237,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CamiRock17,"It's the witcher, you don't need anything else."
,Recommended,292030,17547461,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Đﾑ√łĐ MØN$Ŧ€Я,"Wild Hunt is a grand adventure that feels distinctly of its time. It manages to set new standards for video game technology while accentuating the fleeting nature of technological achievement as an end unto itself. It is a worthy exploration of friendship and family, mixing scenes of great sorrow with scenes of ridiculous lustiness, tempering its melancholy with bright splashes of joy and merry monster guts. Come for the epic showdown between good and evil; stay for the unicorn sex."
76561197996727464,Recommended,292030,16029958,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,George of Rivia,gotta bang 'em all80085/10
,Recommended,292030,16775612,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,SkySatan,great game
,Recommended,292030,25210174,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Epix,"Hello. I am not good at writing reviews but I love this game so much wanted to write anyways.I honestly don't know where to start.Characters; You feel the characters,you love the characters. They all have diffrent personalities and looks. Ciri,Yennefer,Triss,Geralt,Vesemir and so ...They are so well thought and designed.Music; The soundtrack to this game... Its just unbelievable.It makes you sad when it needs to, makes you angry when needs to. Its so good and melodic. If you play with music disabled. Enable it.World; The world is huge with diffrent kinds of characters all over it. You go to Velen. Go to the country side. People are diffrent. They are poor,sad,scared. You go to the cities. People hate you, they are wealthy. You go to Kaer'Morhen. People there are your friends. The buildings,views are amazing. Wherever you go there is a new esthetic to it. Places are diffrent and not boring.Story; As a person that did not play Withcer 1/2. This game got me into the story so hard. I got sad,happy,angry. Everything is so detalied and perfect. Don't hate me but I think this game has better story than some other popular series that are on TV at the moment. To be honest with you, I played the whole main story with goosebumps.Items; There are so many items with diffrent characteristics and abilities. You can never collect everything.Dialogs; I hated the game with dialogs like this. But this game... The dialogs never bore you. It changes the story a whole lot as well. Encourages multiple play-throughs.I know I am a bit late playing this game. But I honestly think I made the best decision of my life buying this and playing it. I absolutely love this game and RECOMMEND THIS TO EVERYONE. IT IS A MASTERPIECE. I felt sad and empty when I completed the game."
,Recommended,292030,15983192,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,DANG3R,لعبه قويه وتستاهل كل ريال تدفعه فيهامميزات في العبهيسدك شي واحد بالعبه تدعم اللغه العربية ترجمه وقوائم كلها بالعربيسلبيات اللعبهالشي الوحيد الي ما اعجبني بالعبه نظام التخزين يتأخر احتمال اوصل المهمه الثانيه وخلثها وهو الا الحين ما سوى لي حفظ لذالك اذا لعبتها حاول تحفظ يدوي كل اشوي علشان ماترجع من بعيد
,Recommended,292030,32634027,Posted: 21 June,all,i_throw_rocks_at_retarded_kids,"I love this game SO MUCH!After over 35 hours in-game, I am still continually astounded at the beauty of this game... The landscapes are magnificent, the cities feel totally alive and NPC's are scurrying around doing their own stuff. The story is awesomely crafted and you get easily attached to the main character, Geralt, as well as all of the others side characters, who are all different. Every quest is different and you never get the feeling that you are doing the same thing over and over again, as is the case with many other games.This masterpiece is worth the double of its price, in my opinion"
,Recommended,292030,20409962,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Zireael,"Not sure where to start this review .This is the best game i've ever played in my life . for real .Graphics are amazing that sometimes you will have to stop and enjoy the areaCharcaters and voice acting are so good and alive . you will get attached to most of them and even cry/shed a tear in some situations.combat and crafting/alchemy system really good and fun .Enemies are so detailed and great and  every fight is a pleasure (besides Siren's Xd)The world is so alive and full of things to explore and enjoy with . Novigrad is the biggest ""real"" city i've seen in a gamei spent hours enjoying Novigrad and its amazing how good it all looksbeside that i found out how much i like the witcher lore and ordered the first book .i also watched two long videos that combine the story for both previous gamesthis game is 11/10 and you must get it with all expansnions !BEST GAME EVER."
,Recommended,292030,32951092,Posted: 28 June,all,ThoRanDz,"I was wondering how big and fun this game, but now I realise this game was so great and fully RPG inside.The story is powerfull. I feel not only just playing but this game just like telling a story to me.The world is so big, and a lot of adventure inside.It will take a lot of time to fully finish this game. But I will !!!!It was GREAT GAME, GREAT STORY, AND GREAT GRAPHIC !!"
76561198066580119,Recommended,292030,15976617,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,iSayBooyah26,"The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a massive open world RPG that sets itself in a gritty, yet beautiful world influenced by Slavic and Norse mythology. I mean it's got 'Wild Hunt' in it's name. That says everything!In The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, you play as returning protagonist, Geralt of Rivia. A witcher who now seeks to move on in his life and continues his saga, going back home to Kaer Morhen. Settling in and finding peace wasn't the hard part. Facing a group of icy horsemen called the Wild Hunt willing to end his life while pursuing the emperor's runaway daughter is.I don't even know where to start. The seamless and continuous world of Novigrad's cities, to the dangerous countrysides of Velen; also known as 'No Man's Land'. The seemingly endless number of quests to do, chasing down Witcher contracts and killing griffons, Ghouls, and other beasts that await your bloody death. Not to mention the amount of things to discover and explore when you're just roaming around on your horse, which I've found doing more than fast travelling, as this fantastical realm is one of the most beautiful I've ever seen.Choices. It's a word that some games define it very well, like BioWare's Mass Effect and Dragon Age IPs. You get to choose what your character does, where they go, and so forth. Every choices makes a different in the world that affects someone. The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt has implemented this in an extraordinary way. Think about what would happen if you saved the lives of bandits in their camp, originally to have you killed. Will they continue raiding other nearby villages? Or will they be inevitably caught in their demise, killed by a feral beast that lurks around their camp? Every single one of your decisions affects something in this world. Whatever happens on the road is as you see, and it's not even scripted.I ride on my horse from the rural hills of Velen, and into the city of Novigrad, finding monster nests, caves, thieves, wolves, and not to forget the men and women in distress when they're being attacked. These are just things along the way to a story quest that I follow, but end up getting lost in the world, wanting to explore it and choosing to help those in need. I don't even continue on to the story quest-- roaming a bit more of the areas around me, and occupying myself with the side quests.The combat has been changed and it's almost completely different from the previous Witcher games in the series in terms of smoothness and fluidity. When I evade or roll out of my enemy's attacks, it all just flows. For your fights and encounters to go the way you want them to, you must time your parries and attacks correctly. Every time you execute an attack, the enemy may go into a flurry of attacks and stagger you, gaining the upper hand in the fight. Nevertheless, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a masterpiece.-     10 / 10"
,Recommended,292030,25706222,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Zorin,"You'll feel every conceivable emotion while playing this game.Whatever type of story or gameplay that the Witcher dives into, it does spectacularly. All of the quests from finding a frying pan, to the main quests have a quality of writing unseen in 99% of other games. The lore is really deep and may require a bit of research (especially its jargon), but it's incredibly easy to get immersed in the world.Speaking of the world, it looks fantastic. I use a (slightly bottlenecked) GTX 970 and running it at high settings feels great. Pictures don't do the game justice, as pretty much everything you see has animations or are affected by physics, from the plants and trees to character's hair. The sunsets and sunrises look particularly nice, and you will probably end up taking screenshots of just how good it looks.The characters are the best I've seen in any game. Almost every character has the same depth and grey areas as any human, so they feel believable and likable, even the darker characters or ""villains"". Geralt himself seems another grizzled but talented protagonist, but his character develops really well throughout the game, and at one point you witness him break. It's a distressing moment as the guy you see deal with (pretty much) every situation calmly and with confidence, and who you basically identify with/as, just break down in his moment of weakness.The length of the game is pretty insane. The main story will probably take around 40 hours, and with the side quests/contracts/treasure hunts and exploration, you can easily get into 100 hours during one playthrough. Even then, you'll still want to come back. Plus, the DLCs are both excellent, with lengths longer than most modern AAA games, at a third or a quarter of the price.It's so good I've bought it 6 times so far, and two times were for me. Once on GOG, once on Steam (with DLCs). The other 4 times are gifts because I wanted everyone to experience it.So yeah, it's a good game.Go get it."
,Recommended,292030,21975238,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Untold,"I was not sure about this game at first, but I literally fell in love with it after a number of hours and am currently devastated that the main story is over.The graphics are stunning. Often, you find yourself thinking that ""this scene would make a great painting"" or ""look at how much detail they put into this!""The characters are perfect. Geralt is a badass, Yennefer and Triss are as strong as ever, Ciri plays a great leading role, and just about everyone in the world ""adds"" to the world in some meaningful way.The world/level design is excellent; the environments feel realistic and lived-in. Each environment is unique as well. For example, there are snow-covered peaks, pitteresque orchards, busy towns (and a legitimate city), and even castles.The story and quests are amazing, with no fetch-quests or mindless killing contracts.The music is incredible!The combat can be a bit annoying at times, but it does have its fun moments. If you plan on buying the game to cast magic spells, you should know that magic is not at all a major part of this game.Some of the technology in this game is so cutting-edge that you have to see it to believe it. Loading screens are virtually non-existent, and in Novigrad, the capital, you can walk right into a building and see the city outside through the window. I want you to play this game and have the experiences I did, so buy it at any price because it will be worth it!"
,Recommended,292030,20666309,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Gunguru,"The Witcher 3 is more than just a game, it's an experience.The Witcher Wild hunt is possibly the best story told in gaming.  It has some of the best characters each being unique, having their own story to tell.  The ""Witcher"" novels really played a great helping hand with the setting and characters, giving the characters a great amout of depth and personality.The score is also well suited and creates the perfect atmosphere for each location/quest.  The Visuals are also top-notch.  But none of these come close to the story telling/writing skills of CD Projekt Red.  I can not think of any better way to tell Gerald's story.  CDPR really took their time on this game, making no real compensations(except for the little downgrade problem which is understandable) and I appreciate that.  Thank you.I will continue to support CD Projekt Red with their future endeavours while they produce such stellar games.  I DO recommend this game.  It is worth your time and money.EDIT: The expansions are just as great.  If you liked the main game you'll love the expansions."
,Recommended,292030,23596562,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,iDevil360,"Playing it for a second time as Im writing this (currently 173 hours), this time with both DLC's included. Still didnt start any of the DLC's, as the main game is huge. Like, huge huge. EXTREMELY HUGE. You only realize how big it is after you play through the game for the first time, since your second playthrough allows you to concentrate more on side-quests. Oh also: EVERY SINGLE QUEST, NO MATTER IF MAIN OR SIDE QUEST, it ALWAYS feels like it has its own story. It never gets repetitive, like other games where you follow, kill, eavesdrop, kill, follow, etc. (cough Assassin's Creed). On my first playthrough I was (sadly?) too eager to finish the game, as I kept wanting to know what was going to happen next, until I reached that point in the game where 80% of my unfinished side-quests failed, due to a no-return point. Thus, I started said second playthrough and oh boy, just stop reading this and PLEASE BUY THE DAMN GAME ALREADYEDIT: I SWEAR TO GOD, PLAY THIS GOD DAMN GAME AND BUY THE DLC'S, THEY ARE A MASTERPIECEEDIT EDIT: 228h OF GAMEPLAY AND STILL GOING STRONGEDIT EDIT EDIT: 253h AND STILL NO END IN SIGHT"
,Recommended,292030,27220580,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Turon,"Taking a page from David Foster Wallace: ""Witcher 3 as religious experience""This game is so good it actually got me OUT of a depressive rut.How?First, it broke me down to my most pitiful self. I was already in a sorry state before I even started this game but once I played it I lost even more sleep, I barely ate, I did nothing else but play the game. Of course I felt terrible physically but, hell, I was starting to smile again!And then from the pieces it built me up. I realized that it's a once-in-a-decade kind of game and if I didn't take care of myself I would not be able to play another one like it. So I started living more mindfully in hopes that I would be more ready whenever another game of its kind does come out.Throw out the technicalities on what makes this game a must-play. It was simply an enlightening experience to me. It also didn't hurt that I enjoyed playing it.When has a game been so good it helped you change for the better?"
,Recommended,292030,15941220,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,AoD Zimbabwe Pete,"Amazing graphics.Monsters that give zero ♥♥♥♥s.Boobs.But i have to reverify the game files every time i want to play. And its always the same 3 files that get jacked up..Beyond that, i am absolutely amazed with this game. I have spent the majority of the time I've played just walking around looking at the scenery. Its kind of hard not to... Buy it and you'll see10/10 would get into huge fight with wife for buying this, again"
76561198080433317,Recommended,292030,15946617,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,celtbhoy1993,"A masterpiece and an unforgettable experience. It has it's faults, it has bugs and this entry in the series is still as clunky as ever but it's the best game i have played in a long, long while. The sheer amount of content is staggering, games like this are so rare in the current trend of AAA titles.10/10"
76561198262912521,Recommended,292030,32404893,Posted: 13 June,all,Gloria,"В общем, не будет много слов. Напишу кратко:● За неделю игры видела больше сисек, чем за всю жизнь.● За неделю игры Геральт выпил больше алкоголя, чем я за всю жизнь.● За неделю игры Геральт отымел больше женщин, чем мои бывшие сокурсники все вместе взятые.10 сисек из 10.Шучу, много слов всё-таки будет.О плюсах игры говорить можно бесконечно. Лимит на количество символов в обзоре мешает всё описать. Игра бесподобна. Из всех игр, которые вышли за последние годы, самая достойная. Сомневаюсь, что игру такого уровня мы сможем увидеть ближайшие пару лет, если не больше. Тут есть всё, чего душа пожелает:● Сюжет. Нет, СЮЖЕТИЩЕ!● DLC, на которые вообще не жаль потраченных денег● Разнообразие скиллов и билдов● Большой выбор снаряжения● Огромное количество квестов, даже не сюжетных, которые просто бесподобны● Бордели и шл...куртизанки● Верные друзья. Возможность не просто их встретить, но и помочь в их бедах. Слушать диалоги при участии Золтана и Лютика - бесценно.● Да куча всего, что делает эту игру просто божественной *тут идёт список на пару листов*Но всё-таки есть недостатки.Оставим слова о том, что игру я ждала больше, чем два года. Да все ждали. Перейдём к сути. Точнее к сути того, что мне не понравилось, не оправдало ожиданий.- Заявление разработчиковСлова о том, что они делают открытый мир и ровняются на Скайрим, меня удивили.""Ну ничего себе, опять годами буду проходить игру"" - подумал я. И обломался. Что из себя представляет ""открытый"" мир в Ведьмаке 3:5 локаций, отдельно существующих друг от друга. Одна большая локация включает в себя Веленские земли и Новиград. Тут вы можете бегать из локации в локацию без загрузок. В остальные локации доступ возможен только через телепорт.Больше ли мир, чем в Скайриме? Да, больше, но по ощущениям по ходу игры - нет. Если бы сделали все 5 локаций как одну большую, что и есть в Скайриме, тогда 0 претензий. Но да, стоит отметить, что тут игра обходится без постоянных загрузок при входе в каждую пещеру. Да и не такой пустой мир, нет желания накатить модов, чтобы разнообразить локации и города.- ФиналНесмотря на то, что он у всех разный, и в зависимости от ваших действий и решений меняется, всё-равно слабоват. Я ожидала большего. Многие моменты были упущены и не показаны. Какое-то чувство недосказанности остаётся. Я перед финалом прошла все возможные квесты, чтобы получить полное, развёрнутое окончание трилогии. Я знаю, что часть финала показывают во время прохождения игры, после определённого квеста, но всё-равно это не то. Лучше видеть всё и сразу в конце игры, чем в начале/середине.- Импортирование сохранений из 2-й частиВообще ни на что не вляет. Можно забыть про него, выбрав варианты ответов в диалоге, которые наиболее соотвествуют вашему прохождению 2-й части. Всё-равно многие персонажи были забыты, даже парой фраз о них не перекинулись на протяжении всей игры.- Нельзя грабить корованы.На этом, пожалуй, мои личные претензии и заканчиваются.Итог:Если говорить о соотношении того, что мне понравилось и что не понравилось, то чихать на ожидания/обещания, даже на корованы, ибо плюсов всё-равно в 100 раз больше.К покупке однозначно рекомендую. Это бывает крайне редко, но игра стоит своих денег даже без скидок. А уж на распродаже не купить, это просто грех! Must have любого уважающего себя геймера, который ценит в играх не только экшОн с графоном, но и сюжет, атмосферу, диалоги персонажей."
,Recommended,292030,19748309,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,ShakeDrizzle,"There is no word that can describe this monumental masterpiece.Amazing story, tons of content, epic characters, amazing expansions, gorgeous graphics and improved gameplay mechanics.It would be a crime to give this game less than 10/10."
,Recommended,292030,26877031,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,» BL1NK «,one of the best games live ever played it's a masterpiece :)
76561198017473021,Recommended,292030,32566006,Posted: 19 June,all,Jonikon,Witcher 3 is my top 3 rpg's i ever played+ Good story (addictive have to play more to see what happens next) :D+ Even side quests storys are intresting and fun to do/play+ Theres alot to do at witcher 3 i recoment it ^^
,Recommended,292030,32868729,Posted: 27 June,all,Woah Mendi,10/10 game
,Recommended,292030,20729965,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Crowzer,"The Witcher 3: game of the year 2015.And I know why now!Even The Witcher saga is not my favorite (never played the first and the 2nd) games, the 3rd one is very brilliant. The story is ultra-rich and for the first time side quests is not meaning boring quests such as the others RPGs.Visuals are pretty nice even with the downgrade. A couple of mods (E3FX, textures mods,etc...) and you can relish beautiful landscapes, nice looking NPCs, gorgeous  interiors, etc..The world is really huge and living, no places are empty. The devs put so much life is town which is really impressive and also truly immersive with NPCs doing a range of activities.Honnestly this my first time I play a The Witcher and I undoubtedly enjoyed. Time to play the first ones now!"
76561198173155991,Recommended,292030,15993989,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Cacophony,"This is ten percent luck, twenty percent skillFifteen percent concentrated power of willFive percent pleasure, fifty percent painAnd a hundred percent reason to purchase this game"
,Recommended,292030,15990232,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Lukewarm Bong,It's so good. It's soooooo gooooood
,Recommended,292030,23404740,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Letho,Farewell White Wolf..It's been an honor.
76561198110538007,Recommended,292030,26477326,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Mumbo,"Ok so how do I begin ..1.Buy Game2.Download Game3.Play Game4.Stare at the amazing landscape for 2 hours.5.Be good guy Geralt throughout the story.6.Romance Yennefer, fall in love with her irl (my proudest fap ever)7.Get to final quest.8.Get worst ending possible9.Alt+f4 after the epilogue cuz feelings crushed.10.stare at the empty monitor for 2 hours.11.Go on youtube listen to crones ODT get feelings crushed again, whine like a baby11/10 would play againMasterpiece"
,Recommended,292030,23253274,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,ahmetrcagil,Storytelling done right.
,Recommended,292030,16001883,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Criffix,I feel bad for paying only 43.99€.
,Recommended,292030,19490263,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Mezuki,"It is a shining example of what RPGs should be: an experience that makes you believe that you’re truly part of a game’s world and that you have a very real stake in it. That’s exactly what Wild Hunt has achieved here. The Witcher 3 is a masterpiece, and in many respects simply one of the bests and most exciting game in recent years. It captivates players with artistic vision, a huge world and an epic story. The developers were not looking for cheap applause - game design is uncompromising, consistent, thoughtful and nuanced. There is no saving the world, here, no great evil force pervading the landscape, or a doomsday clock ticking down to inevitable destruction, with only you to stand in its way. The story of Wild Hunt is a personal one, set in a huge and unrelentingly beautiful world. The game is massive. This is in two ways - one of which is the scale of the map. It’s bigger than Skyrim’s world and after tens of hours you’ll have barely scratched the surface. It’s a beautiful world, too. You stumble in a beggar and a quest with a magnific and well built story starts  and then you realize that is just a SIDE quest, thats pretty much the quests in a nutshell: It is one better than another. Not only do you care about the characters and want to see how their stories end, but you want to scour every inch of The Witcher 3's glorious game world. It's a world you want to get lost in, a world where fast travel is an afterthought and a world you want to keep exploring in case there's something you've missed. The variety of quest is outstanding. It has to be given how many there are, but you can find yourself searching for a person of interest one minute, playing cards the next, then starring in a play soon after.This is the new standard for open world role-playing games. There is no such thing as a perfect game, but The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt come as close to perfect as any RPG to date.A monumental achievement of staggeringly aching beauty, the Witcher 3 stands proudly as one of the (if not the) greatest video game of all time, regardless of genre. Geralt's final, epic ride, is the high water-mark by which all future games will be judged and found lacking. Indeed, it's only disadvantage is that it completely ruins every other title on the market right now by nailing every single aspect of game design with almost supernatural clarity and perfection. If you play one video game in your life, make sure it's this one.Quality like this doesn't tend to arrive until way later in a generation, so we doff our caps to the team at CDPR for breaking tradition to deliver one of the best RPGs we've ever played. Make some room on your hard drive and shelf, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt deserves a permanent spot in your gaming library."
,Recommended,292030,15894648,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,UncleGamer,"The game has a more open feel than Inquistion, yet a more alive feel to the landscape than Skyrim. The questing is well written and engaging and you feel like you are part of a living world. This is easily one of the best RPGs I have played in a long time, cannot wait to truly dive into the game play."
,Recommended,292030,15985276,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Michael2499,It's Aight...
,Recommended,292030,16097010,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Chief,GOTY GOTY 10 ИЗ 10
,Recommended,292030,27926010,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,K!113R,Just play this game and don't ask any question :D
,Recommended,292030,17642428,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Zeus_CM,"The most anticipated RPG of the year! Witcher 3 The Wild hunt concludes the award-winning studio CD PROJECT RED's trilogy about the witcher Geralt of Rivia. This is theirs the most ambitious title with which they wanted to show high quality Witcher 2 storytelling in a much bigger open world format. Many were skeptical that they will succeed in doing so. Was it worth the wait? Did CDPR succeed in their ambition?The StoryThe world is in chaos. Several kingdoms are fighting for supremacy, but none of them are aware that ""winter"" is coming. Everyone is on the edge, villages are burning and monsters are behind every dark corner. The story follows witcher Geralt of Rivia as he is desperately trying to find Ciri, a royal daughter, which he himself raised as his own, which disappeared when the Wild Hunt attacked their home. The Wild Hunt are sinister elves from another dimension trying to take over this world as they destroyed their own. To do that they need Ciri, which has a special power that will allow them to completely transcend to this world. In order to find Ciri and defeat the Wild Hunt, Geralt must gather his old friends, but one does not simply do that, as they have problems of their own. For the first time you encounter your first love, Yennefer, which you forgot about long ago as you suffered from amnesia. Now that your memory is back, do you stay faithful to your new valentine sorceress Triss or do you go back to your old love of your life? That is just one of the many decisions you will have to make throughout the game.GameplayWitcher 3 is a huge world filled with things to explore, full of secrets, hidden dungeons and many dangers. By completing side-quests and the main story you will get 100 hours of story rich gameplay at a minimum, and to explore the whole world add at least 50 more. Since the story is not linear and in order to experience all possible endings and romantic conclusions add another 100 or so.What impressed me the most in this game is the amazing quality and quantity of the side quests. Almost every side quest is unique with its own short story. Some seemingly simple tasks can get very complicated fast as you uncover the story behind it. Moral dilemmas and critical decisions you will have to make are present in almost all quests. Many of those side quests directly affect the main story so it is very important to do them all for the best story experience.The combat system is an upgraded version of the one in Witcher 2, with a greater emphasis on the action and combination of spells, potions and bombs. Skill leveling is better organized and much easier to understand. It is split in 3 categories. Swordsmanship, magic (signs) and alchemy (potions and bombs). There is also a fourth neutral category with useful effects for any skill tree.Even though it is easier to combine multiple skill trees, for those that like hybrid builds, CDPR didn't follow through with that idea entirely, because of the mutagen system. Mutagens are substances which are dropped by monsters that are used for enhancing one's stats. Every mutagen can has a type that is linked to a specific skill tree. Using only one type of mutagen (e.g. blue mutagens) and leveling only one skill tree (e.g. signs) it will grant you the strongest possible stat increase. Because of that fact pure builds are the strongest while hybrid build are at the great disadvantage, which is a shame.One build I looked forward the most since Witcher 2 is the pure alchemy build. Using powerful bombs and enhanced potions was something I didn't try before. To my sorrow bad UI design made that impossible. Since you can only put 2 bombs/potions on the quick bar you need to constantly pause the game, open your inventory and put new bombs on the bar in order to use them. Shame. However, fighting with swords and spells is better than ever in trilogy so at least that made me happy.One of the best things in the game, that doesn't have anything to do with story or anything, is the Gwent. One of the best minigames I've ever played in any game. It is seemingly simple card game, where you build deck and collect cards throughout the world like in Pokemon or Yu-Gi-Oh. Gwent is so addicting and popular that there are even real life card available to purchase.Artistic impressionSoundtrack is something special to me, which in combination with beautiful graphics, really expresses the rawness and brutality of the beautiful Witcher world. Voice acting is heterogeneous and top quality, as it is its quantity. You will rarely encounter the Skyrim situation where you have a feeling there were only a handful of actors working on the game. Character animations are the best I've seen since L.A. Noire. The only thing I hated is CDPR using terrible nVidia Hairworks that doesn't run well even on nVidia graphic cards. Why not use much better AMD TressFX which works well on both AMD and nVidia cards...?Bugs and patchesThe game of this size is prone to bugs. Some quests can get stuck and in order to proceed you need to reload, so it is advised to save often. In rare cases that doesn't help though. Luckily, CDPR fixes bugs very swiftly and releases bug and performance fixing patches every now and then for all platforms. Free DLC every other week is just an added bonus.ConclusionCombat system is very satisfying except the alchemy thing I mentioned and game not supporting hybrid builds well. Graphics are top-notch and you can disable horrible nVidia HairWorks and you will not miss it. In my option hair looks better without it, although monster hair is glorious in some cases with it on. The fact that Geralt's beard grows in real time is a proof of the quality and details CDPR put in this game. Soundtrack is extremely well fitting which in combination with realistic presentation of wind blowing, lightning system and weather effects, creates a very unique atmosphere, it truly brings the game to life. Non-linear story and high replay value make this game a 'required reading' for all gamers!"
,Recommended,292030,16190413,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,FiddlyBro,"I don't even need to explain how good this game is to you, just looking at how this game has already won over 800 awards should be self-explanatory. But i'll try anyways._______________________________________________________________________________PROS- One of the best, if not, the best story i've ever come across in a video game ever.- Great graphics (i've probably spent at least 30 hours just wandering around in the game admiring the views)- Dozens of great characters (Fukken love Ciri)- Great audio- Great music (I love the main menu music so fukken much)- So many places to explore, enemies to hunt, items to collect, quests to complete)- The company who made the game is CD Projekt Red (which is probably my favorite game devs out there. They listen to the fans, they keep the game patched every once in a while to avoid gamebreaking bugs, and most importantly they don't release overpriced worthless""DLCs"" that so many game devs do nowadays. Instead, CD Projekt releases ACTUAL Expansion Packs that adds another 30+ hours into the game with a whole new great story, maps, weapons, armors, and characters.)CONS- There's really no cons in this game hat i can think of.FINAL VERDICTThe game is perfect in every aspect, there's really nothing bad about it. I can't recommend this game enough. if you like RPG games, get The Witcher 3. I can basically go on forever praising this game simply because of how good it is. so i'm just gonna end this now and tell you that this game is DEFINITELY a 10/10 for me."
76561198055267544,Recommended,292030,19473252,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Peanut Butter,Won GOTY & Best RPG of 2015.
76561197990713058,Recommended,292030,16022517,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,shingo.rs,i can't stop playing..........thank you CDPR.
,Recommended,292030,16416564,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Silent Koala [MY],"This game is brilliantly amazing. That's what i can summaries in simple sentence.tldr version review (scroll for deeper version):[+]- Amazing variety of quests- Deep sidequest content- A lot of surprise element in main/sidequests- A lot of variety in story/backstory of world/npcs/monsters- Multiple solutions on how quest can be approached -high value in replayability- Cutscenes was done really well - made the game 'alive'- Sword fighting is really engaging and fun. Higher difficulties are recommended- The card game gwent is simple but amazing[-]- Minus main characters, the game somewhat lack variety in 'world' npcs. so many lookalike.- Game world loading need improvement - some merchant/blacksmith/npcs in some part of location required player to meditate before them appear- Roach - the horse, need a big tweak- After acquire the witcher weapons/armor, others type of weapons/armor pretty much can be discarded without prejudices...plus thus other armor was fugly...- Couple of distraction activity like treasure hunt/Point of Interest/Undiscovered Location bug needed patch- Skellige lack of in land distraction type contents- Smuggler's Cache was too much/dull/drag to collect- Inventory management and sorting need to be rectified. Too cluttered/Not sorted as it’s should be.Full version review:Witcher 3 is a game changer, it improve by miles from previous game. The stories are no more focus on political garbage, but now focus on Witcher stuffs. The storytelling has matured a lot. More story about the world they currently live. What and why it got into current state. The Story about it’s current inhabitants whether it’s human or monsters, both are defined in this game. The cutscenes bring the game alive even more.There are a lot of activities for players to enjoy. Even the sidequests are deep and flesh out. There’s a lot of quest that might be long with deep storytelling or even as short as couple of interactive dialog that bring smile to your face. The game has been built with ‘easing’ the entry of newcomers in mind. Story element of previous game is not really that important if you want to venture into this one. A lot of it can and will be explained within this game..It's beautiful looking game with a strategic and fast/fluid combat mechanics. It's hard at first but rewarding along the journey. The world is vast with contents and now it’s yours to explore. The outcome of decision you make along the way may or may not favourable, to you or the people you interact with. The results may appear right away or not at all until hours of hours of gameplay.You choose what you like, there's no definitive right or wrong. Most of the time, it's just a lesser of two evils ..... it's your choice.""In Witcher's world, there's no right or wrong, only decisions and consequences.""This game deserved all those awards given to them for sure."
,Recommended,292030,20645536,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,🐺 Wolferatus 🐺,"Good Open World RPG, a lot of quests to do and you can spend a lot, realy a lot of play hours. if you love RPG Games this is a must have. Much better then Witcher 1 and 2. they also worked on a better fighting system. And like in AC Games you dont spend only hours playing the story, you spend also a lot on the mini Game GWINT and collecting all cards from the Sets or just chilling by visiting the ""brothel"" or winning punshing idiots who think they are better then you  or challenging other riders who thing they have a faster horse then your beauty.Pro:Play HoursGraphicMusic OSTA lot of Side Quests and Story12 Free DLC2 Big AddOns - more quests and play time :)Devs works on Patches and fixesContra:Price on Steam to high (Retail cost 45€, on GOG 49,99€ and on Steam 60€)a few little bugs and glitches10 from 10 Points."
76561198069405822,Recommended,292030,25596740,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,L.,When you first start out you only get a few cards but the first oppenent is really easy to beat after that you can start your way to becoming the best gwent player in the world where you beat everyone with hero cards there's even a card named after you. There's also an amazing immersive rpg where you can fight monsters like a badass. It's also a sex simulator where you can try and ♥♥♥♥ any women you see. 10/10 By the way did I mention Gwent?
,Recommended,292030,15968058,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Mons,"Masterpiece. Literally one of the best RPG's you'll ever play. Huge maps, satisfying difficulty, lore, gameplay and story. Haven't had a single moment where I felt bored. So many quests to take and each one has a relatively unique story and doesn't feel like filler just for the sake of having content. They're thought out and each have their own story. The world is basically free of loading-screens, allowing you to seamlessly travel from one place to another on foot. Pretty much a masterpiece in terms of content. Money well spent. Even the expansion DLC's. Both are worth their money."
,Recommended,292030,15967397,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Adel,"Reallygood pointsabout the game :Amazing Side QuestsCharacter AnimationsStoryAudio and Visual immersion : Weather, Wind, NPCs discussions, lightning, etcButtsCombat SystemWriting & Decision TreesPoints of interestHuge MapGreat Skills Tree : Big but you are still limited in your choicesGood Ingame CinematicsJUST BUY THIS GAMEMore seriously regardingbad pointsi would like to highlight mostly minors bugs/things that can be bothering but that's all :Looting Interactions, you can often be frustrated by interacting with a candle/light instead of the bag you want to loot for exampleMovements, making a u-turn with a horse is kinda annoying, jumping and trying to grab edges doesn't always workInteractions with high angles are not the best, gliding (unmounted), horse collisions (mounted)Even with theses ""bad points"" it's really worth the buy ! With the amount of quests to do, monsters to kill, items to gather, people to talk to and places to go in this vast and rich environment, every piece of the main quests will feel so great to go through."
,Recommended,292030,16008151,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,bmo,One of the only few games which forms such strong emotional ties with the characters.10/10 best storylineSO DEVASTATED THAT ITS THE LAST INSTALLMENT
76561198030827019,Recommended,292030,16011592,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Racke,Hands down the best game I have ever played. Buy it.
,Recommended,292030,16589889,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,mg-mat,...You promised me that you follow me into the forest...
,Recommended,292030,20478657,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Bacon Overlord®,"Pros:Great story (if you like a constant and almost neverending chase)Good graphicsNever had any slowdowns or graphic issues, stayed at 60 FPS or above even during hectic scenes.The witcher battle system was adequate for most battles even though there really were only two sword swing animation variants.Cons:Clunky controls (at best), especially when trying to line up to loot something.  Trying to stop or pivot and go in a different direction?  Forget it.  I can't count the number of times I've walked up to a drop off and tried to turn around and leave and had him walk right off it because he couldn't just turn around even though I was pressing back toward the way I came.  He has to walk in a little half circle to turn back.. just annoying.Unlootable containers in several different parts of the main map and even the current DLCStory gets really fragmented and broken if you skip too far ahead.  Almost as if it can't keep up (Example would be not recruiting anyone for the fight at Kaer Mohren), etc.Way too many times there was no quest indicator (circle) when the quest objective was outside of the area I was in, requiring me to use a fast travel post.  Using TAB while on the map didn't target anything either.  Required a fast travel to another location a couple times to clear up.Combat AI needs work.  When you hit the attack button and your character stands there or when you are trying to attack a single monster and you jump to another one (totally in a different direction).  Forget heavy spin attacks... they simply don't work.  Light spin attacks work, but good luck changing direction.Way too many points in the game where you get stuck from swimming into areas that are too shallow to swim in, but can't stand up.Swimming also has several issues when you try to get out of the water.  The grass may be at eye level, but you can only ""get out"" of the water in specific areas or you'll get the infamous ""can't do that right now"" as you are standing in front of a wall that sticks 3 inches out of the water and can't pull yourself out.The same is true for climbing.  There are several (way too many) areas where you can't climb a location that's less than eye level.  And others where you can climb a piece of grass...The storylines with Ciri require you to play her... without leveling her or upgrading her gear, etc.  One can assume that's meant to make the battles more challenging I guess.  But, in the end, it just belittles the amount of time you put into leveling Geralt...I give it a thumbs up... but barely.  The glitches and issues made the game frustrating in certain points moreso toward the end.  I felt like I was playing one of the early Tomb Raider games in some instances.  Unless you plan to use a gamepad, I wouldn't recommend this game if you're used to Fallout, Elder Scrolls and other easier to control games.EDIT:I forgot to mention:The UI isn't very intuitive either.  It works like a console game.  If you press ""M"" for map, be prepared to navigate back out of the console-menu tree.  Which means pressing escape a bunch more times than you thought to get back to the game.The inventory system is a mess.  It doesn't scale with your level with some types of weapons (uniques for example), but with others it does... but it doesn't make sense because a level 5 bandit can drop a level 30 sword.  How was he using a level 30 sword?  But, you can turn around and kill the bandit chief (level 10) and get a level 10 unique weapon.... that's useless since you're level 30.Don't bother trying to sell the unique weapons or armor to a merchant like Hattori... the items will stay in their inventory forever and you'll never be able to get any new items on their offering side.  At least not in the several weeks I played (in-game weeks) after I tried selling things to various merchants.  Whenever I would come back... the items were still there and no new items were available.Crafting presents another whole set of issues when (and if) you find a diagram for a sword for your level.  By the time you gather the materials, you've already out leveled it (they don't scale to your level for some weird reason) and you're more likely to find a better weapon off a level 1 mob since everything BUT unique items scale to your level.Lots and lots of issues."
,Recommended,292030,16154136,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,maltekl,This is probably the best game I've ever played.
,Recommended,292030,34590120,Posted: 29 August,all,neosjog,.
,Recommended,292030,27945284,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Vincent,great 10/10
76561197999214769,Recommended,292030,15942140,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,_# 'Infînîtý ♫ `,"The Witcher 3 is a wholesale improvement over the already-good Witcher 2, Wild Hunt’s geographical size is impressive on its own—this game is much larger than previous bragging-rights-holders like Skyrim and Grand Theft Auto V, and it feels it.Come for the epic showdown between good and evil !!"
,Recommended,292030,26446075,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,GonarcH,Scorecard:1) Essential purchase2) Recommended purchase3) Recommended purchase during a sale4) Not recommended unless heavily discounted5) Not even recommended for Steam game collectors
,Recommended,292030,16005485,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,HOBO`,"Gwent is ""literally"" more addictive than Hearthstone. ^^6.5/10"
,Recommended,292030,15959835,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,kokoreç,"A universe that should be compared to the likes of Lord of the Rings, Game of Thrones and *insert one of your favourite fantasy universes*. It is dark, it is dangerous, but most importantly it feels complete.I was hooked in to the story so much so that I had to find Ciri as fast as I could, which took me around 45 hours.  Considering it also took me 2 and a half days to finish, you might have an idea how obsessed I was.For those that didn't play the previous games and don't know about the books, Ciri, might not hook you guys in as much. Although once you get to know her, you'll care.If my opinion changes after my second run, I will update this post. Also most of the problems with performance and crashes seem to be fixed with 1.03."
,Recommended,292030,17508602,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Muyu,Only one word can describe this game: Majestic
,Recommended,292030,17117663,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,The Colonel,♥♥♥♥ing beautiful game.
,Recommended,292030,15904636,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,[D*P] DrummerGH79,"Unbelievable. I'm freakin' blown away and I've only scratched the surface! The graphics are beautiful and the atmosphere is second to none. The side quests actually have meaning with unique stories attached to them. The main quests and overarching storyline are better than a Hollywood movie. Character design, humour, and writing is top notch! Probably the greatest RPG of all time. Definitely GOTY 2015. If you like western RPGs, this game is the new benchmark. Buy it!"
76561198093545918,Recommended,292030,16368081,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Seraph Vigil,"Herb Gathering Sim 3 is a wonderful game. The story is exquisite and provides many compelling reasons to gather herbs. The game adds many new herbs to gather such as gryphons, strange flying plants best harvested by using the long range gardening tools refered to as a ""crossbow"". The wide open world is also beautiful leading to the second purpose of the game; taking screenshots of yourself gathering herbs. Once you gather the herbs you can use them to craft herbal tea that will make you better at gathering the moving variaty of herbs that locals refer to as ""monsters""420/10 would gather the herbs again"
,Recommended,292030,15959868,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,[GE] miru,GOTY
,Recommended,292030,17711701,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Sultan_H,"Oh man where do I even begin, well to start off if you do not have a good graphics card and sufficient ram then forget buying this game because the demand on your PC from that game is a killer literally.The graphics are beautiful and the atmosphere is great, if you run into an MMORPG with this much content what would you do? I was like jaw to the ground for 10 minutes pulling my hair on how much there is to explore.If you are reading this and the game is not in your Cart or library then WHAT are you waiting for get it now.P.S Don't forget to buy all the DLC that comes with ;) worth 30 hours extra of play time, you will enjoy it10/10"
,Recommended,292030,24318334,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Almighty Pickle,"By far the greatest game of the decade in the entire gaming industry, especially when it comes to RPGs and adventure games.Even the DLCs, no DLC of any game can compare to these, this game is worth to get even at full price after it's been released for a year now.CD Projekt Red, our lord and savior, may you bring salvation to the defiled and evil gaming industry."
,Recommended,292030,21741845,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,DNAGAMES,Pros-Best RPG I've ever played throughComplex combat systemLayered monsters with different attack styles and weaknessesExtremely complex characters that make them feel realisticMany hours of gameplayMany (small) free DL C's and one amazing DLC with atleast 10 hours of contentCons-Long loading screens when you die and when you boot up the gameThe endings do not have good reasoning behind giving the player that ending
,Recommended,292030,27092332,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Roggan,"I recently found out that the minigame connecting your Gwent-games has sidequests and even some story about some weirdo with grey hair and his friends. That's pretty rad for a minigame, it may be tedious and annoying sometimes but after all it is a nice addition to Gwent."
,Recommended,292030,22406199,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,viri,Makes everyother game look bad
76561198151114216,Recommended,292030,33198390,Posted: 3 July,all,Damon Dicaprio Bassoon Guy Lopez,"Great immersion into an extremely intricate fantasy world. The character interactions between the protagonist and NPC's is next level of RPG. Side quests are often very interesting in the choices and decisions you make that ultimately impact the ending of the quest. I found myself having real moral dilemmas at whether not I did the right thing. Although the game play (combat, small puzzles, tracking, etc.) is pretty simple, the entirety of the combat system and leveling allows for different playstyles based on tankiness, agility, magical abilites. You can basically level into whatever style suits you best.Main story is extremly long and great, with amazing acting, animation, and cutscenes. By the end of the story/game, you feel very connected to your character and the world around him. Also, Gwent is probably the best side content in any game alongside the already amazing main story and such. Definetely a buy for any RPG or fantasy lover.(All hours are from base game without any DLC, and I haven't finished everything to do in the main game."
,Recommended,292030,20659013,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Rhaegal,"The new bar for all other RPGs. Step over overrated Elder Scrolls games, nobody will let you get away with being half broken at launch with lacklustre writing anymore. Probably.The Witcher is a series you might remember by book or game, but you need not play or read them to get the ""full"" experience of three. You'd be more knowledgeable about things, characters, factions and etcetera, as would be my recommendation since they're very good, but not necessary.The graphics are fantastic as you've might have heard.. the amount of hype and all. The combat is generally well balanced, favouring those well prepared: it can be frustrating if you're not - especially on higher difficulties where the wrong step leaves you dead. You can always die if you make a mistake. It comes packed with an incredible amount of things to do, from simple two step fetch quests to much longer multi-quest, well, err, quests.Gameplay can be deep as you want it to be. You can prepare as much as you want for your fights, making potions for healing, damage, or other effects, bombs which have different uses against monsters, as well as blade oil to buff damage towards said specific types of monsters. Or you can run in and get dead. Your choice.Story? I'll leave that up to you. It's best to be in the dark about this game; all I'll say is the game deals in grey, don't expect happy rainbows and kittens: the choices you will make may not be favorable, and that is what makes it so good.Lastly, gwent. Personally, this is a fantastic part of the game I never thought I'd enjoy. It's a turn-based strategy card game. It's awesome.Will go down in history as the moment Geralt of Rivia came to life and slayed the monsters of over-hyped broken games, leaving those developers get their **** together and make something actually good.Heh. Unlikely. I'm hopeful as a dandelion though.Recommended."
,Recommended,292030,16002833,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Truther,9.8/10 a mature RPG masterpiece not to be missed.
,Recommended,292030,16048984,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Red Devil,good game
,Recommended,292030,15957458,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,SpartanInaho00,I slayed dozen of monsters just to get a pan back.
76561198002850148,Recommended,292030,16042027,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,vid,"Imagine a dark world, larger than Skyrim with better combat, graphics and sound. Add in the extremely gray Witcher world settings and you have The Witcher 3. If you like RPG's buy it now."
,Recommended,292030,15986295,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Irx,AWESOME.11/10.
76561198127769358,Recommended,292030,15989532,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,EmperorDemo,i would TOTALLY buy this game again!
,Recommended,292030,16046670,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Sav Kjarr,"Rank high up there with the likes of Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy VII, Zelda: Ocarina of time, Morrowind, Dragon Age: Origins and the other very few colossal greats of our time. Rarely do games like this come along. Hands down, a strong contender for best RPG ever made."
,Recommended,292030,20472479,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Flavinha,"Andrzej Sapkowski <3I played the game because i'm huge fan of The witcher books.Did i like the game? NO!  I JUST LOVED IT!""Cirilla, Pavetta of Cintra's daughter, Calanthe the Lion's granddaughter. The Elder Blood, the ice flame of the North, the destroyer and renewer, whose advent has been predicted already hundred of years ago. Ciri of Cintra, the queen of the North. And her blood, of which the queen of the world will be born.""Baptism of Fire.If you enjoyed The witcher 3 i highly recommend you to read the books.CD red projekt I have a one wish request, i wanna see Geralt Vs Vilgefortz  PLEASE!"
,Recommended,292030,29550209,Posted: 28 January,all,Dreejavu,"I don't want to say that this is the best game ever made, but it is. The world is massive, the story is (thanks to the books) rich, long and features incredibly interesting characters and moral questions, the atmosphere is grand. I want to live in this world, but then again I also don't because the world sucks. This is a really mature game that depicts war as it is, confronts you with moral choices and questions fate. You'll have to decide over the lives of peasants and it's not seldom that the game will make you feel like the most terrible hero there could be. The ugliness of this game is its beauty.Play The Witcher 3 for its story and the atmosphere it builds up in every tiny corner of its huge, huge world. Every side quest has a certain relevance and even the vile notes you'll find lying around somewhere have a touching story to tell.Also, read the books first to fully understand the concept of the world you'll dive into for easily 100 hours. It's not necessary, but you will feel so much closer to Geralt and all the different characters he meets."
,Recommended,292030,25764080,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,MW2K,"I haven't played the Blood and Wine DLC yet.The goodIncredibly detailed and fleshed out world. Exquisitely immersive. Nothing out there comes closeNovigrad is the best fantasy city everBrilliant voice actingDetailed models and animationsThe main quest is both well-thought out and poignantBrutal and bloody game - it pulls no punchesChallenging combat at times, especially boss fightsDeals with racial tension and inequalities arguably better than any other game that features itLots of superb attention to detail with the world and characters.Rewards exploration and nosying about - nooks and crannies aboundThe badGeralt's movement isn't as fluid as it could beSome routine quests in placesGame world doesn't always respond to your actionsUnless you've read the stories and played the previous two games, you may not be up to speed on who's who and what's what in Geralt's world."
,Recommended,292030,16053635,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Molin,"Game finished downloading at 10 pmLaunched the game, started playing.Felt tired, looked at clock. It read 5 a.m.14/10, this game is a life stealer"
,Recommended,292030,15983268,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,[ARX]AnthonyPS,"This is the best RPG game I've ever played in my life.I dare to say this is currently the best RPG game available in the world.The main story,including the side quests are all beautifully written.They implemented a new combat system which is much more challenging compared to The Witcher 2.Stunning graphics,huge map,beautiful scenery,epic soundtracks,and cool fighting animations.Do you still think the story's too short ? They will release new DLCs worth 30+ hours of gameplay.Almost every aspect of this game is truly amazingly designed and it will grasp your emotion and force you to 'feel' the game much more than other RPGs.They added character expressions and the dialogues between characters aren't crude anymore.They still have their distinctive uncensored nude girls and sex scenes everywhere too.The choice you choose from the dialogues will have bigger impacts to the output,and you'll have more choices compared to The Witcher 2.The side quests can no longer be ignored and you must do it or die.The level suggestion gap between the main quests are pretty big and you'll have no choice.But all of the side quests has their own story.Playing this game is like watching a really,really long movie,with the power to control what will happen and how do you want your character to react.Almost every detail in the dialogues and missions requires your decision and it will change the output.But of course,no game is perfect.The enemy dismemberment graphics is still pretty crude.You'll only see red textures from a dismembered enemy.But I'm sure they have their reason to decrease the gore.Some bugs are still found in the game,but it's VERY normal for new games to have bugs.I'm sure the devs will repair the bugs as soon as they can.They have shown their five-star work quality by making this game.I do admit that some bugs are extremely annoying and some of it will prevent you from finishing certain missions (like getting stuck in the burning stable's roof in Crow's Perch if you jump inside it).You can always prevent it by frequently saving your game and not doing the same action you did before.So,is this game worth your money ? YES,absolutely.You can sell all of those dota cosmetic items,CS:GO weapon skins,etc you collected for this game,and believe me,you'll realize that this game worth way much more than mere in-game decorations.Buy this game,you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,292030,21151160,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Tedpicker,"GOTY 2015, absolutely.  Maybe game of the decade :P"
76561197998831277,Recommended,292030,16003307,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,ジョナス,"Extremely well made, the amount of content you get for 60 bucks is ridiculous, worth every penny. 11/10"
,Recommended,292030,20015589,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,sniper squad,"This is not game of the year.This is game of century. ﻿TRISS <3When u finish the main storyline, you will feel incredible emptiness. I highly doubt that i will experience something as epic as The Witcher 3, ever again.﻿I am sad and i want more ﻿+ Gwent"
,Recommended,292030,30523396,Posted: 15 March,all,ZAEION,Good game. Beautiful graphics and scenery and great story and free side missions.
,Recommended,292030,24900418,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,SirKarp,"A lot of other people have already written very good in-depth reviews, so I'll keep this short. One of the best games I have ever played. Amazing story, great sound design and soundtrack, memorable characters, fantastic voice acting, nice graphics and cutscenes... All of it. An amazing work of art- this is what video games are about. One of my favorite games.EDIT: Expansions are great too, with the same amazing quality."
76561198107312170,Recommended,292030,23810700,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Darthwellington,"The Story, The graphics, The Open World, The characters, The DLC, The Expansions..... Truly a masterpiece.I've put a couple hours into this game, and can't wait to put in more.  Always something new to do, or something old to do differently."
,Recommended,292030,28085929,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,satsun,"Great game. It took me over 80 hours to complete the game, that's the main quests, most of the secondary quests, many monster contracts, but very few of the treasure hunts. There are side games, such as Gwent (a strategic card game) and horse races, I didn't play Gwent and probably did only a few horse races. Needless to say, the game has more than 80 hours in it.The fighting in the game is fairly simple and easy to use, I used a 360 gamepad and found that quite manageable. I initially felt a bit overwhelmed learning the various crafting methods but quickly became accustomed to everything. The graphics are very good and performance is equally good but I did play a year after release and am using a GTX 1080.The story is good and sometimes it's difficult to tell peoples' intentions, which is good, but the story is very long. They manage to keep the story going without becoming repetitive, even doing monster contracts didn't feel repetitive like Skyrim (didn't I already kill a bear in that same cave!?). When it was all over, there were still a ton of undiscovered locations on my map, probably just monster nests and guarded treasures.I recommend this game; high-quality producion with 80+ hours of play time."
,Recommended,292030,23210218,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,[Epic!]killy,"Just take my money and make Witcher 4!!!Please?P.S. All i actually want to say is: ""Thank you CD PROJEKT RED for making this epic game."""
,Recommended,292030,23779216,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,LoneylS,"Compared to Witcher 2,the basic combat system has improved a lot,didnt make me wanna quit at the beginning like i did in 2,XD.2nd,inventory system also improved a lot,easier to sort through diffrent kinds of items,even easier after the recent update.So,if ur somehow bad experience in 2 is bothering u,and making u heistate to buy the game,dont.by the way,Geralt looks funny sometimes,enjoy."
76561198061619400,Recommended,292030,22323568,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Dog,"A DLC for 10$ is better than most games made today. Let alone the game itself.  10/10.What this game does right is - sidequests. They don't feel like a job, rather they feel like stories, which you WANT to listen to. THAT is how you do sidequests!Don't get me wrong, it's not the only thing the game does right, it's just something way too many rpgs do wrong."
,Recommended,292030,23235051,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Ŵħąłҿ,Hands down best 🎮
,Recommended,292030,15937395,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Siegwolde of Ludenbeorg,Cut a man in half so hard he kiss his own♥♥♥♥♥10/10 game of the year
,Recommended,292030,16873930,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,鱼,"Great game, that's all"
76561197972369796,Recommended,292030,23477622,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,OldFart,"I am 70 and have been gaming since the late 60's. I wrote my first game on an IBM 1620 in Fortran 2D. The Witcher 3 is by far the most polished, thoroughly entertaining and beautiful RPG that I have ever played. The two DLC's are even better then the original game. It is funny and challenging, but most of all a lot of fun. With all the different and complex quests, this game will appeal to all audiences. I cannot recommend it enough. Too bad it is the last Witcher. I have played them all. I paid full price for the game and DLC's. I feel that I have gotten more value than I payed many times over."
,Recommended,292030,23916696,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,jellis13,"The best game i have ever played in my entire life! Yeah, its that good."
76561198033438493,Recommended,292030,23056815,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Friday,"People usually come here to find out if they should buy a game or not. Let me give you my two cents:Has this game received more than 250 awards? Yes. Did I become a fan boy? No.Have I played The witcher? Yes (at release day with all the numerous bugs). Did I like it? Yes. Did I become a fan boy? No.Have I played Assassin of Kings (Witcher2)? Yes. Did I like it? Yes. Have I become a fanboy? No.Have I played The Wild Hunt? Yes (HoS too). Did I like it? HELL YEAH! Have I become a fan boy? YOU BETTER BELIEVE IT!Now, don’t expect I started running around with two kitchen knives strapped to my back, making Aard sings at people on the street. Not THAT kind of fan boy. Nor did I get a Gerald/Ciri tattoo, or traveled to beautiful Poland to ask CD Projekt for autographs (cool as they may be).But this game offers a wicked narrative, S.U.P.E.R.B. graphics (on the proper gig, mind you), immersive gameplay, which will reward a player with hundreds of hours of fun (211.1 at the mo’, but B&W isn’t out yet).You will manly try to ignore a tear at Geralt’s fatherly affection towards Ciri (I am the father of a daughter meself), or puff up your chest at Ciri’s antics.Rarely will a bug throw you off balance, and even then, it will grab you by your breeches and drag you back in in a jiffy.You came here for advice? Here it is: get the game! Get it now.If you are short on money, wait for the sale period and get it. Buy the hell out of it.Of course, you can be a rebel and torrent it, but then again, how will the artists who gave us this masterpiece will be able to give us another? Geddit?Peace to all."
,Recommended,292030,26693340,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,[PG] Gimff,"The witcher 3Well what can I say about The Witcher? It is by far my favourite game, ever. Like seriously I love this game. A lot.The good?Well where to start? The incredibly detailed massive open world? The immersive story and the thousands of interesting and relevant side missions? The feeling of completely and utterly losing yourself in this fantasy world. For some sort of comparison, I have 128 hours on the witcher 3 on steam at the time of writing this. Those hours were all played on my gtx 550ti, getting 10fps on the lowest settings. I have played maybe 500+ hours on my ps4. I am waiting until I get a new gpu so that I can properly experience this game. There are too many good things to go over here, just know that overall this game is amazing! Now on to a few negatives that I have picked up.The bad?No game is perfect, there are a couple of things that I don't like about the witcher 3, so I will detail them here for your information.The combat: It may feel clunky and unweildy at first, the same goes for the movement. However if you play it at more difficult levels, it's actually pretty good. It's not a good ""spam quick attack to kill"" kind of game. The combat requires thought and preparation.Spells: While usefull, I did not feel they were powerful enough, they should make you feel ""baddass"", the spells in The witcher did not invoke this feeling for me :(.Story: I loved it, but be aware that I have heard some critics think it was too simplified, I disagree, but I am just pointing that out.ConclusionBuy it! The game of the year edition is well worth looking at as well as it includes all the dlc for a very reasonable mark up. If you don't have a lot of money I say wait for a sale (same goes for every game out there), but even at full price this game delivers and more! Good job cd projekt red!Disclaimer! Not for low end systems...like mine ;)"
,Recommended,292030,16119871,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Cassynder,"Easily one of the best games i've ever played. The open world is gorgeous, the story was stellar and the characters excellent, with great voice acting all round. There are a lot of quests, contracts, treasures and secrets to find, as well as interesting NPC's to meet and places to explore. Novigrad especially looked fantastic, as cities go. Lots of references from the books thrown in which makes it very rewarding for fans of the series. I was most impressed by the quality of a large number of the side quests, which could have easily been part of the main questline, as well as the excellent Witcher contracts, which really made you feel like a professional monster slayer.The leveling system is deep and rewarding, giving you XP for completing quests as well as small amounts of XP for every monster you kill, so you can level up and assign points to four skill trees. Sword skills, alchemy, magic and a passive skill tree. You can't earn enough to max all of them out, so you'll have to commit to a play style that suits you best and stick with it, which offers good replayability as you try different skill sets.In all, the amount of content on offer here is substantial and i cannot recommend The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt enough. Either watch a recap of the first 2 games online and get this one, or better yet play through the entire trilogy and you won't be disappointed."
76561197969405700,Recommended,292030,23563550,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,DestroJR,Game Of The Year 2015-2017
76561198006704066,Recommended,292030,23257715,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,ChalkStorm,I wish I didn't own this game so I could buy it again
76561198087277682,Recommended,292030,25445367,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Crab Man,Every other game is a dissapointment now
76561198158693456,Recommended,292030,27043386,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MurDock,Just buy it！！！
76561198036560573,Recommended,292030,20961953,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,slime,it has cute girls
,Recommended,292030,26994202,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stry8993,"I'd actually written The Witcher 3 off at first. All the hubab about the downgrade, and what not and watching people play the game just... it felt off. And I've loved the first two games. I decided that I need to swallow my unfounded bias, and just jump in, give it a fair shake... and well... 182.6 hours later. I'm waiting to do a new game plus until the game isn't so fresh in my mind, but it is absolutely a master work.Everything is enjoyable. Nothing feels drawn out, and no character overstays their welcome. Their are moments when you are just lost in the world. When it takes your breath away. Others when your heart is broken, or you fear for the outcome of a certain situation. The game pulls you in, but sets you free. Everything you do feels as though it has a point. Things are placed and designed in a such a way as to compliment the gameplay but to also feel organic in the world. It was designed, and crafted, but it feels as open world as any other game. Like a Theme Park, that means something.You have a stake in this world, in it's characters. The things you do feel like they matter. And through this, and it's expansions, there is no other game that has come close. It is a game for the ages. It sits in the halls of the greats with Half-Life, Doom, Baldur's Gate, and many others, and it sits well atop that list. Deservedly so."
76561197989545031,Recommended,292030,26782965,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[DeDT]Alison Angel,One of the best  Games ever
,Recommended,292030,15989113,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Dex,"Without a doubt the greatest RPG of our time, absolutely amazing story for both those heavily invested within The Witcher's story or not, you're sure to find interest in the world and the characters, as this is far from a fairy tale and as always with The Witcher nothing is black-and-white.Graphics are superb and the game runs like a dream, and this is while using an AMD FX-8350 and an R9 270X, the game runs absolutely fine.The ever so slight annoyance with this game comes from the combat which has a few problems, mostly because of how the camera works.But this game is worth your money without a doubt, probably one of the best games I have ever played."
,Recommended,292030,20243777,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Amlaith,"I am not the sort of person that games a lot of single player. I have always been a fan of the Assassin's Creed series, but Witcher 3 stole my life. I don't sleep, I barely eat and I think every red haired female I meet is Triss. This game has the graphics, the story and the sidequest are a lot of fun aswell.The fact that you can make decisions that changes things ingame and can even change the ending is awesome. You can get a haircut or a shave. Sex is also an option ingame, so for all the virgins behind the PC screens, prepare some lotion and toilet paper.This game might not be completely perfect, but it's as close to perfect as any game has ever been before.11/10"
,Recommended,292030,16765282,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Emilia,I hate using portals
,Recommended,292030,20707617,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Ruzis0™,"WOW, this is one of the best games i ever played, big LOVE <333333"
,Recommended,292030,29325135,Posted: 17 January,all,Greta,"Hands down this is probably THE best game I've ever played.Story, graphics (with mods), gameplay, atmosphere, everything is just top notch.CD Projekt RED put love into every little single detail.You will even find bread and wine on tables on the last edge of a city.Not a single game is even near to be as perfect as this one!Play it. 😊"
,Recommended,292030,25576793,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,hurdygurdy11,"I want to give everyone at CDProjectRed a big tight hug and say ""Thanks for everything!""I mean, how can a game be THIS good? How can the story be so tight and complex and layered at the same time? While also ensuring that the world remains open for you to roam as you wish? And how can the graphics be so marvelous and yet so very well optimized?And why, oh, why do I still think of Geralt and Yennefer and Triss and Ciri and reminisce about what has been and what could have been, if only.Also, I don't think I'll ever forget these five words:Axii, Igni, Yrden, Quen, Aard!!!The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is one of the finest RPG I've played ever and will probably play in the future. It puts a gargantuan world in front of you, with so many things to do - witcher contracts that are always fun, scavenger hunts, random interesting places with loot, fist fight championships, horse races, Gwent challenges, and all this in addition to normal questing (some of which are really fantastic and not your go-there-get-this type). And I've not even mentioned the main story yet, which in itself would have made a fantastic game.And get this, the game has a whopping 36 different end states depending on the choices you make in-game. The Witcher games have always been very good at delayed consequences i.e that consequences of your actions are not immediately seen which makes those choices that much intriguing. It really hits you in the gut when someone indirectly lives or dies due to one dialog choice that you made! But the wow doesn't end there...I've lost count of the number of times I've stopped in my tracks to admire a sunrise or sunset (I've actually once meditated in a spot till morning to catch the sunrise over a cliff). The game looksthatbeautiful. But even more impressive is how lived-in the game world feels. No matter where you go, each place has its own flavor and a past. And none of the things you do in the game feel trivial (think Skyrim). Everything amounts tosomething. And sometimes even in ways that oy don't expect.GameplayYou still have your two swords, you still have your potions and signs and oils. And the game's biggest achievement is in making you use ALL of them to progress. This is not a game that you can just hack-and-slash your way through. Every encounter requires a strategy and prior preparation. I lost count of the number of times an odd potion and sign combo has saved my♥♥♥♥♥The UI is wonderfully streamlined, putting everything within reach and not complicating matters like the second Witcher game. In truth, there isn't a single flaw that I found in my 100 hours of gameplay.IF you are an RPG lover, not playing Witcher 3 will be one of the biggest regrets of your life.It's not everyday that you see a game that gets almost everything right."
,Recommended,292030,27980290,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,it's Peab,"''Mother-♥♥♥♥ing-Masterpiece''✓ Compelling Characters✓ Great Pacing✓ Outstanding Graphicss✓ Eargasmic Soundtrack✓ Well-Forged Level Design✓ Intriguing Story✓ Strategic Combat System✓ Immersive Immersion✓ Hours and hours of Exploration✓ Quests with Consquences✓ Difficult yet Rewarding (on Death March)✓ Romancable NPCs (or as my mother would call it ''Pussi.)''Minor Nitpicks✗ Inventory Management (over time you'll accumulate decotions and they all look practically the same which causes you to search for that one decotion which can be immersion-breaking if you're in the heat of battle✗ Occasional Bugs(which can get your character stuck or lose a save file )✗Important and beloved characters all disappear after you finish the main story :( </3My 2€[1] I was personally hyped asf for the game on release and only got to finishing it around now , as I wanted to play the game on Ultra as God intended. It's that beautiful and engaging to see this game in its maximum beauty and anyone who has an appreciation for technology and graphics would have done the same in my boots.[2] The Witcher's fantasy style is not your typical GRIM gore everywhere and olden english or Happy brightful fantasy style ( tho they implimented this for B&W). It's unique and is a hybrid of the two it gives the realistic approach but not too realistic and gives it in the the sweet spot of realism and fantasy , which is why so many of us appreciate the witcher's fantasy setting.ConclusionThis game is a must buy and seeing how the prices are dropping like crazy, it's a HUGE must that you get the game. I'll not let you in on the wonders the game holds for you as I'll want everyone who takes and interest in this game to experience the game in it's full glory."
,Recommended,292030,16334046,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Mentasm,"Got a haircut, dropped some tawny oil, went to the brothel, sold some honeycombs. Today was a good day."
,Recommended,292030,22922158,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,BushElito,"Has only GTX 750 and i5 4460 @3.20 GHz.Geforce experience thinks my PC is too weak for Witcher 3.underestimatepower.jpgCranking down all those AA and AO options to disabled allows me to have the game run 60 FPS on medium to high with some fiddling in the options.Take THAT nVidia!I'm not kidding, this game is amazing. From the technical standpoint up to the gameplay, this is probably and arguably the best singleplayer RPG you can get in the current date. Especially on sale.The performance/graphics ratio is superb, as the game runs great on my 400 euro PC which isn't that amazing AND looks great.Gameplay is, of course, great. You will get your♥♥♥♥♥whooped like in Dark Souls, even when playing on normal difficulty, at least if you went the way I did (it involves ""Melee only"" and ""lol who needs alchemy"").And it's probably the only RPG that made me think over about the story."
76561198063289627,Recommended,292030,15965986,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Max,"I am loving this game. Looks amazing, can't wait to see how they improve it.The combat is suitably difficult, but once mastered is rewarding. You are punished for making mistakes, as it should be. Expect to die a lot, and save often.Controlling Geralt, whather on the ground, in the water or on a horse can be quite challenging in small spaces. he has a turning circle, quite a large one for a man. Most of the areas are large enough so it doesn't matter but yeah, can be frustrating.The story is lovely, although I feel like I'm rushing, so slowed down to take in the wonderful side quests. Very varied, never dull. World is huge, but admittedly a little smaller than I expected.But yeah, buy it."
,Recommended,292030,15970727,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Eskapados,haven't left my house in three days...I might be addictedFour words: best game ever made
,Recommended,292030,16005741,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Daisuke,"Geralt picks up a witcher contract about a imp stealing things from the merchant.Geralt comes up to the merchant and says this lovely line""So you're looking for an imp, or was that an imp-erfection with your notice?""I don't think I have ever cringed this bad ever.But overall, I am having A BLAST with the game. CDPR you did a fantastic job.A Loyal Fan, gives this game... A 10/10...""You smell beautiful""""Geralt! We are at a funeral!""""You smell beautiful at the funeral.""P,S, Took out names from quote, so no spoilers :)"
,Recommended,292030,16015502,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Mesmerised,"Best game I've played this year. It may even be the top few games I've played for the previous years. Highly recommend for the story, combat and the beautiful environments! And of course the different endings makes you wanna play it again for a different route."
76561197973323360,Recommended,292030,16054608,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Hendergod,"Has one of the most beautiful world of any game. Stunning detail and realism along with endless exploring and great side quests makes it incredibly immersive and full. The game feels alive and everything you do has a purpose and an outcome. The game could easily last hundreds of hours whilst staying fresh and exciting and the card game, gwent, could easily be a game of its own.Sometimes the fps does drop but usually in cities or some detailed areas but it's not game changing and is rare. Also, in cut-scenes occasionally the background lighting changes or more frequently objects disappear.Other than this The Witcher 3 is amazing and the bast game of 2015 (so far)!9.5/10"
,Recommended,292030,16051382,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,mack,"This game is pretty damn cool. For one thing, it's HUGE, and there's so much to do and see. Yeah, you have a selection of main quests, but you never really feel rail-roaded into doing them, and you can pretty much go at your own pace, doing whatever you want. I find the combat nice and fast, and challenging enough, and would strongly recommend people don't use the locking system while attacking (it's a bit♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. But overall I'm really enjoying the game and would highly recommend it. As with other Witcher games there's a good depth in choices, consequences, and characters that keep you engaged throughout. Certainly anyone wanting a deep RPG with Deus-Ex-like choices, and Age Of Amalur-like combat and cityscapes need look no further. It wouldn't surprise me if this became my game of the year (and we're only in May) - it's that good, and has mod support for later expansion. Don't let this one pass you by :)"
,Recommended,292030,29003721,Posted: 4 January,all,DHZ,AMAZING GAME!
,Recommended,292030,21599910,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Tahnun,Best game ever made. Masterpiece.
,Recommended,292030,16115382,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Salmon,yes
,Recommended,292030,16095438,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,lordsebastian101,"What I didn't likethe only thing i didn't like in this game is how the story progresses from the 2nd game. my problem with the game is that the seemly major political choices that you make in the witcher 2 are almost meaningless, and witcher 3 plays out the same no matter what you chose. this was a big disappointment for me. another thing is that choices concerning certain characters (King Radovid) are clearly ""good"" and ""Evil"" and very limited, you are also forced to deal and help characters that were enemies in the 2nd game and again has very limited choice. Basically on the political side, witcher 3 story is very disappointing. I was expecting much more.What i likedOther than the political side of the story progression, i love everything about this game! from the rich open world to the beautiful graphics. The main story revolves around Geralt (the witcher) trying to find Ciri and save her from the wild hunt (specter Knights). There's also plenty of side stories and quest lines. Witcher 3 has a HUGE amount of content with very well done and interesting sidemissions that actually have an impact on the overall story, a tone of monster hunting contracts and random events, There seems to be an endless amount of stuff to do. Combat isn't easy and you have to use potions, oils and the witcher's powers to win fights. You can also fight on horseback but it is awkward and doesn't control too well. CD project red delivered on everything they promised and much more. This game is one of the best RPGs of all time and is a MUST BUY! but i do recommend you play the first 2 games or read the books before playing the witcher 3."
,Recommended,292030,16127150,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,HuyTran Gaming,"I want to find Ciri, but eveything Gwent wrong."
,Recommended,292030,16072473,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Very Buttery Bread,"Cool game, the controls are quite good, and the story is quite exciting, no griny side quests too. There are still some minor lags, but still it's a good game."
,Recommended,292030,17117213,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Death Toll Rises,"BEST! GAME! EVER!This game is totally worth the $59.99 price tag.  If you are looking for a masterpiece of an open-world RPG, then this is it. Dragon Age 3 doesn't come close to this. Fallout 4 will have one hell of a time trying to match the quality. If this doesn't get game of the year something is seriously wrong with the industry. I won't go into too many details because I know many have already covered it. Every single quest is very unique and believe me you won't run out of things to do for at least 100 hours. I completed the main story right at 90 hours and I still have a lot to complete as far as side quests/witcher contracts.Just get it! I swear on my level 37 armor set it won't disappoint."
,Recommended,292030,28194476,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Oliseo,"Simplt the most amazing game of all time. The level of detail is beyond the scope of this mere review.  From the feathers floating away as a villager plucks a chicken, the way the water ripples when you cast a sign, to the actions you take that have an actual effect on the story that's told.I played the main quest the first time I played. I'm playing again and have far discovered more the 2nd time around.  This is a tale of epic proportions that sucks you into it's world, with characters you care about, and characters you end up hating, and characters you fall in love with. These aren't two dimensional beings, they are fully fleshed out beleivable people, that fill this majestic fantasy world.Intrigue, double dealing, monsters, vampires, backstabbing, swashbuckling, romancing, gambling, picking fights, getting in scapes, sitting wonderously watching the sun go down whilst sitting atop a mountain in skelligie and believing you're actually part of this living, breathing, vibrant, world.When I play this game, I am the Witcher.  He is I.And I love every minute of it."
,Recommended,292030,27047629,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aleks,NOMINATED WITCHER 3 PLS
76561198126809696,Recommended,292030,30560011,Posted: 16 March,all,[Guarana97],One of the best Games i've ever played
,Recommended,292030,23925716,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Last_Panda | Make Artworks,"Only played 15 hours (In one day) but this is enough to make a small review.Despite being similar to other games in the series The Witcher, Wild Hunt has improved its gameplay in various aspects. The combat style, which has been completely renovated, takes place in a usual system of gender role playing of action combined with the use of spells,and between the new mechanics introduced in the game, are the ""meanings of wizard"", the technique of combat on horseback and on the high seas, the possibility to dive, and the inclusion of a beast as a weapon instead.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt presents a huge world where the player can wander freely, depending on which part of the story is being played, offering countless places to be visited, such as the great free town of Novigrad, the dreaded swamps of Velen, the stunning islands of Skellige, and the territories of the empire of Nilfgaard, which between them, including the Grand Royal Castle in Vizima.The scenario has changed it's size and is currently alot bigger than the previous games in the series, causing the players have to use boats and horses for some locations. However, it has been incremented the option to make quick trips to locations already exploited by the player.For the purposes of comparison, The Witcher 3 was described as ""20% greater"" than The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, one of the most enormous games already produced in history.Only buy this game if you have a good PC support for this one ( NO Potatoes allowed! )  and if you have time to play it (would be a waste leaving this game in the library and not play it, starving children in Africa could have eaten it)9,8/10"
76561197965026337,Recommended,292030,30786061,Posted: 27 March,all,CaptShank,"Challenge someone to make a better game. The new bar has been set, and it's high."
,Recommended,292030,31250780,Posted: 19 April,all,jaed,"The more i play ,the more i want to play .... Never disappointment for a sec .. Really enjoying it"
,Recommended,292030,32073301,Posted: 30 May,all,witch,discovering all the question marks in skellige took me six weeks
,Recommended,292030,33143761,Posted: 2 July,all,Thunderoblivion,I've been lost in this world for a while now. Loving it. Great graphics. Great story.
,Recommended,292030,32331429,Posted: 10 June,all,Michael Scott,"This is possibly one of the best RPGs ever made and you can see that CD Projekt RED put their hearts and souls into this gamePros:-Amazing story with multiple endings-Crap ton of content within main quests and side quests-Side quests aren't like most games, the side quests in this game are full-fleshed out mini-stories-Even the ♥♥♥♥IN DLC has amazing side quests-Huge, full of life, and intriguing world and setting-Beautiful graphics, no graphic mods needed-CDPR's game engine makes modding easy should you ever choose to add some of the great mods available on the NexusCons:-Some quests in the main story can feel repetitive from time to time-Your horse, Roach, becomes autistic near water or cliffs-This game will eat many hours of your life"
,Recommended,292030,30819573,Posted: 29 March,all,Master,"Monstrii, vrajitori si vrajitoare, taramuri fantastice/medievale, un joc pe care trebuie sa il joci inainte sa mori..."
,Recommended,292030,29778659,Posted: 8 February,all,WhiteOne | Courage. |,"It's a must buy !Great experiance, great story, stunning landscapes and soundtrack !You can get lost into it !"
,Recommended,292030,19349796,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Cobalt Thunder,Game of the Year.
,Recommended,292030,27169714,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Latuniux,There is nothing left to say.Simply excellent and remarkable in all it´s complexity!
76561198045987237,Recommended,292030,16726730,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,ЯΣvengeX^™,After 121 hours I finished the story and I didn't explore everything:THIS GAME IS WORTH EVERY PENNY
,Recommended,292030,18948078,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Saltieno,"The best way to embrace the true greatness of this game is to look how the series has improved since the first and second part of The Witcher. You simply won't find anything that hasn't change for the better.- Vast open world that IS NOT randomly created and filled with dull stuff,- Story, which engages you from the first 10 minutes to the very end,- Graphics, even despite the whole controversy of a thing called downgrade, still makes from this game THE BEST LOOKING RPG ever created,- Soundtrack, it finally goes back to the style presented originally in The Witcher 1, something what makes you forget that's just the video game, it gives you the felling you are in there, in some village , city or that you are fighting with someone / something, which makes from every single battle - an unforgettable thing,- Every single side quest, and believe me there is A LOT of them, is actually a little story that keeps you playing with the same force as the main quests - I call it - a new quality in RPGs,- Choices and their impact on the story - even a small choice that seems insignificant at the time can wage on the whole world around you,- THIS GAME IS MATURE, finally something dealing with a lot of subjects which are usually handled very childish or not at all,- Combat - nothing more to add, it's decent, though it's nothing to be praised really, you won't be able to mash buttons and win - you have to dodge, use signs, and on higher difficulties get yourself ready to have an oil for a specific enemy and a bomb to put an end to his misery.The Witcher 3 is not a game without its flaws, although nothing that can't be fixed - some balance issues, economy basically showing Geralt as a very wealth person (which he should not be), small performance problems like stuttering in Novigrad and in my opinion very limited after the end content. Many of the things I struggled with had been already fixed and there is no need to disclose them.All in all one of the best games in the last few years (even a decade)."
,Recommended,292030,33326398,Posted: 6 July,all,Adrian7203,I love this game! The best game I've ever had!+ graphic 10/10+ gameplay 10/10+ dubbing [PL] 10/10+ DLC's 10/10+ Soundtrack 10/10+ Fightning system 10/10+ Story 10/10+ New game plus 10/10+ Roach 2/10+ EVERYTHING
,Recommended,292030,16034109,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Nikki,Most fun I have in a very long time.
,Recommended,292030,17493314,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Berto,"I play videogames for more than 20 years now and I've played A LOT of them. The Witcher 3 is my favourite game of all time. It's that simple really, it's basically my dream game becoming a reality. I feel lucky and grateful I had the privilege to experience it to the point i'm sending a thank you letter to CD Projekt Red.5/5"
,Recommended,292030,17390055,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Smilo,"I was wrong. Skyrim is not the best rpg open world, The witcher 3 is....by faaaaaaaaaaaaaar!"
,Recommended,292030,17081435,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,SilentRider,"As a big fan of the Witcher world, I can say: One of the best games I've ever played. I've read all the books about Geralt and Ciri. The Witcher 3 sums that all up to an epic finale adventure with dozens of decisions and consequences. Can't express it better or in more words, I love you CD Project Red.Go your own way. 100/10"
76561198039988371,Recommended,292030,17277307,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Hello there,10/10Would trash avalla'ch's cave again.
,Recommended,292030,19023324,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,GoldenOwl,"Troll asked me politely if I wanted to be in his soup.""No thanks.""""Eh, okay. Sorry for the trouble.""chivalry/10 GOTY"
76561198067690943,Recommended,292030,16096178,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Schnurrbart_,One tip for playing this Masterpiece.....Always save !Never shave !
,Recommended,292030,16763685,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Kapitan Bank,"""Some fight for glory, justice or gold. I fight for those I hold dear.I'm Geralt of Rivia. The witcher""*Throws baby in oven*10/10"
76561198062997942,Recommended,292030,15963307,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,DirtyDongles,Amazing. Lives up to the hype.11/10 would bang Kiera again.
76561198206576312,Recommended,292030,27326118,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ali W,Never gets old
76561198165434542,Recommended,292030,15974338,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Joe Bear,Hands down one of the best RPGs I have ever played! Buy this game!!!!
,Recommended,292030,20796232,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Deja Q,10/10;GOTY 2015;100/100;5 Stars out of 5 Stars.You got the point..
76561197987306810,Recommended,292030,27330945,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Harlock,"Good Points:+ Best adaption of any phantasy saga ever. (100% Bias, very much in love with the books).+ The amount of content the game has it will keep you invested for a lot longer than this, sadly, 20-40 hours history games. Took me around 350 hours to me (Full complete, Base Game + Both Dlc's) but... well.. no fast-travel, enjoying the ride, etc. A normal playthrough will put you on around 60-80 hours? I dont know for sure ^^'Also, make yourself a favour and dont play it below Death March Difficulty. It will crunch you a bit on the beginning but this is not Dark Souls difficulty level of game, and you'll enjoy it more than killing people just by looking at them...+ Both DLC's are really worth it.+ Some really awesome Side-Quests+ Gwent is love. Gwent is life. (It's not a flashed out card-game, but feels really good for a mini-game).+ For 15€ it's a robbery (to CDPR)Bad Points:- Some quests can be totally missed (http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/699808-the-witcher-3-wild-hunt/71884534)but it's only ""problematic"" around the ""A Deadly Plot"" Quest- Game still has some bugs to this day, but nothing game-breaking if Im correct.- Battle mechanics could be better, but they are improved (not like it was too hard to achieve) compared to both previous titles.- The moment you finish, and you have to join the ""oh man... I'll never have new content anymore"" feeling.- Plot has his flaws because too much content and an open-world sometimes dont work (just sometimes?).PD: Also, if you enjoy it, read the books, they are easy / fast to read and they are very good (imho).PD2: Thank me CDPR, you didnt sold a copy until I write this review (for the steam sales) on November '16! XD"
,Recommended,292030,16039601,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,SHOGUN KAYO!,Just seen a rock troll wanting to sing trolololol11/10.
,Recommended,292030,17271971,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Dawg,"Wow, wo-♥♥♥♥ing-ow.This is, hands down, one of the best, if not THE best game I have ever played.An amazing RPG by any standard, sets a new benchmark for all RPGs to come. It takes everything which The Witcher 2 had, and was already great, and perfects it.A huge, beautiful(not kidding, graphics are absolutely amazing) open world, filled with stuff to do, an emotional, deep and mature story, told perfectly well(always thought it was one of the strongest aspects of the Witcher series) with a great cast of characters, each having a different relationship with Geralt. It's nice to see how that relatioship evolves during the story as a result of your choices. As a matter of fact, many choices, even those which seem completely basic and irrelevant to the main story may lead to some sort of consequence later in the game.Also, the game features great combat system, which requires use of all of your abilities. Only drawback that it becomes quite easy in the late game, nothing too dramatic though. And to sweeten the deal, the awesome developer CD Projekt Red provides free weekly DLCs, like the game wasn't amazing already...This is how I pictured a perfect conclusion to the Witcher Series and even better! It over exceeded all of my expectations.I could go on and on describing how amazing this game is, but why even bother, this game is an essential.Now that you are done reading, go and get any accepted payment method and purchase this game!"
,Recommended,292030,34804358,Posted: 7 September,all,💎D.va💎,Great experience❤❤❤❤❤❤
,Recommended,292030,31633888,Posted: 8 May,all,FedaykinPT,"Well, what can I say that wasn't said in earlier reviews? Nothing.This game takes you through the main quest, an intricate and beautiful constructed plot, and when you're led astray to carry out some side missions, the story intertwines and leaves you with a sense of completeness unlike any other RPG that I've played so far. I've played all of the installments in the franchise and I can say that you can buy every single one of them based on the story alone.Now  the combat system improved alot since the days of Witcher 1, so you sense the fluidity of the your Gerart of Rivia hacking and slashing, blood and sinew stravaganza, or throwing bombs exploding all around and casting your signs in a heartbeat.Then there's the world immersion, very detailed and with alot of exploration to do.Well, I only have 262 hours of gameplay. This is my first pass at it. I still need to explore blood and wine, new game+ and grab all of the loot :D.Want a wife reppelent? A pass to the Underworld of Antisocial? The friendship of the Old Ones? This is the game to buy."
,Recommended,292030,19012752,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,R3HAB,"I am not writing review until this point i unlock 100% achievements and i realize this is the most awesome story rpg,I am extremely surprised bout how the game reacts for every focking choice i took. Once i said stupid things to Yenn, next seconds she portals me to 100ft above the lake, in kaer mohern, with 3degree celcious cold. So i load my quicksave chose sorry this time and got sweet scene. Damn Yenn!And to whoever doubt to get season pass or expansion, don't hold your wallet. You wont regret watching witchers setup heist like GTA pro and next hours become exorcist in the focking Van Gogh-style-painted world.I am looking for porn in this game and get my hands bloody for slaying monster.10/10 would slay again"
,Recommended,292030,25473566,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Low Roar,"This is hands down the best game that I've ever played. Superb storytelling with an amazing story that wonderfully balances world politics and personal conflict. A serious, dark tone that also revolves around morality and religion with a likeable, badass and sympathetic lead and an amazing set of main and secondary characters with great voice acting and writting. The witcher 3 has a huge, beautiful, coherent and immersive game world that feels alive with very interesting side quests and activities that are so well written and good that could have been part of the main game/quests. The game looks phenomenal with beautifully rendered characters and breathtaking scenery. The roleplaying is very deep and detailed with so many different type of choices (ex. good/bad)that have a MAJOR impact on the story and on the characters. What I liked in the choices in this game is that unlike most of the other games, there are some moments when there are no good and bad choices. There's bad and worse, or bad and evil. There are so many difficult choices in this game that are fantastically revealed later on. As far as the gameplay goes, the combat is really fun and responsive with a very detailed customization and crafting system and a wide variety of swords, armors, skills and items. The ""detective part"" of the game is very fun. You have to use your witcher senses to ""investigate"" an area in order to track someone down or to learn who was here and what they did.With the Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, CD Projekt Red’s saga has grown into something magnificent. It’s a truly epic game with an amazing story that will have you hooked on throughout the whole game and that sets the bar higher for every other new RPG game . I couldn't help but care for every single character in the game, which made making decisions much harder. The Witcher 3 at this point is a MUST for every fantasy world and RPG fan.For all the reasons above I'm giving the witcher 3 a perfect 10/10. Even after finishing the game you'll still want to come back to this breathtaking fantasy world to explore more interesting side quests, kill monsters and meet new characters."
,Recommended,292030,19202992,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,NiTroX,"If there is game what are qualified to receive this award, only this!I can not think of another candidate's GamesHey Witcher3! You deserve to enjoy the honor (GOTY)"
,Recommended,292030,19482868,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Phasoms,GOTY 2015
,Recommended,292030,26413595,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,koverino,"I'm not the type of guy that likes games where you have to upgrade your skills and stuff. But, this game got my attention.The developers cared a lot about the game. The amount of detail is just insane. Every bit of the world is detailed, the characters are well designed and the story is fantastic. And while others make DLC's and call them games, they make games and sell them as DLC's.It would be dumb to count all pro's because there are too many of them. :)Overall, this game is a masterpiece. And I love it. 10/10!"
,Recommended,292030,18456152,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,GODonuTella,"You can do everything you can't do in real life, like magic and talking to girls"
,Recommended,292030,17481748,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Oskarius95,10 out of 10Masterpiece
,Recommended,292030,28541668,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,CSn| Der Krieger105,"I'll fully admit I was a bit apprehensive about purchasing this game even though it was on sale. I had played Witcher I and didn't really like it and never bothered to check out II so I really wasn't sure what to expect. After pressuring from some friends I made the plunge and downloaded it. I'm very much glad I did as this game and its expansions are fantastic.Usually RPGs like this don't engage me much at all. Skyrim or Fallout for example bore me to tears and I have no clue what anyone sees in those ugly, buggy games that can honestly only be described as complete messes IMO. Not sure what it is about them. Perhaps lack of interesting characters, or story or terrible pacing just kills it for me not to mention how unimmersive they are. I'm happy to report that the Witcher III had none of those issues.While the environment is massive and exploration is a key component of the game, there is a strong character focus that brings the story and game world to life. Geralt and all the characters he meets during his adventures are all very real with understandable motives, goals, struggles, and flaws. They have personality and feel real. This fact, coupled with the excellent animation and voice acting really brings them to life and makes you invested in their story.The story deserves particular mention as it is one of the strongest I've experienced in quite a long time. The Witcher III loves grey and there is no clear good versus evil cliché that often occurs in many RPGs or game stories more generally. The story is well told and well presented. Flashbacks and dream/fantasy sequences are well done and gameplay and story blend extremely well together. Interactivity is paramount and very few things are relegated to cut scene. This, with the strong character focus, certainly keeps you invested. The in game documents and glossary also build a rich world and the quest descriptions are fun and interesting.Gameplay wise it is excellent although there is some flab here and there. Generally, the swords are sharp and slice whatcha need to and the spells work to give you the edge in combat. Although that edge may not be needed because, at least on normal difficulty (Story and Sword) the combat gets easy by about level 10. I strongly suggest you raise the difficulty or turn on enemy upscaling to keep yourself challenged. Beyond that balance issue, there are some other minor quibbles. The crossbow is crap and nearly entirely worthless except for flying enemies that Axii can't bring down or the occasional quest that requires accurate shooting at targets. It generally speaks to combat being a bit more layered than it really needs to be. Oils, potions, alchemy, crafting.... Tons of things that can be done, and may be needed on the highest difficulty but otherwise just get in the way. Crafting of weapons and armor is particularly dumb as it doesn't really seem to be necessary. Yeah you can find the diagrams and materials you need, go to a smith and pay him to make armor or you could just buy it from him or find something even better just lying in the over world or being carried by an enemy. Controls are generally fine although can be clunky indoors and Roach sometimes controls weirdly and gets stuck in things but usually not to the point where you need to reload a save.Beyond that though, gameplay is solid and the ability to run from fights is greatly appreciated if things turn south or you wonder across enemies 30 levels too high for you.Graphics wise the game is stunning and puts Bethesda RPGs to shame. Even modded Skyrim doesn't look as pretty as this game. While some textures could be a bit higher resolution, it still looks fantastic and the scenery is a joy to behold. The sound design also deserves mention. The wind, rain, animals everything is extremely good and feels realistic and really aids in the immersion. The soundtrack is also fantastic. It also runs well even on AMD GPUs. You can easily max the game minus Hairworks on a single 290/390/480/970/1060 class GPU and as long as you have a CPU made in the past 4 years you'll be fine. Crossfire works decently well and two 390s, in my case, do a good job pushing the game at 4K. Haven't experienced any crashes or freezes, bugs are minimal and usually are an occasional clipping problem with NPCs, and loading times aren't bad at all and generally are rarely encountered.The expansion packs are well worth it. Hearts of Stone is engaging and tragic but also has some good moments of comic relief and fun. Blood and Wine is truly fantastic. Toussaint is even more beautiful than the mountains of Kehr Morhen in the main game and has a light and fun feel to it. The subtle nods to the Witcher books and gaming culture are also well done and extremely entertaining. Both are worth the price. Especially since their combined length is easily over 40 hours. Each one could be their own standalone game....So yes I highly recommend the Witcher III and its expansions. Even if you didn't like the old games this one is different and better. Some may say it is dumbed down or made easier compared to the old ones but those people are objectively wrong and just out to feed their superiority complex. The game has been made more fun and engaging and you will waste weeks of your life playing it. So download it right now."
,Recommended,292030,34244958,Posted: 14 August,all,Dark Ghost - EL MITO BAIDU,"This game is great not only because it is with perfect graphics which for me is something very important, I really like this series although it would change some things, I will share with you my points and opinion about the game.First of all, I love games that make the most of the current graphics, so I really enjoyed this game, the audio is great too and the songs are done strictly showing that they did not spare their efforts to impress both graphics and audio quality.What I've never really liked The Witcher is the gameplay and the crafting system, of course after half the game we get used to it, but whoever remembers starting any of the titles knows what I'm talking about.I do not say that they are wrong since it is a game for adults but for those who are more fan of fun and less fan of simulations as I will always be wanting something easier to play because even for me if I am very concentrated in ""combos and techniques Button presses and mouse twists ""I lose focus of battle and cool things in the game.Hearts of Stone: It is especially recommended for those who have already finished the main adventure and never tire of the universe of The Witcher 3. However, anyone who is still starting the RPG may find it a good idea to advance a bit in the plot before investing in a purchase : In a title that brings in more than 100 hours of gameplay, an additional 10 or 12 hours may seem even intimidating to anyone who has yet to explore basic content that is already quite rich.With the expansion, CD Projekt RED gives a new lesson in the industry, delivering a job that really pays off, especially if you like the main adventure.Blood and Wine: The best thing about this exp was because of the scenarios. Toussaint is an entirely separate map. As de Gracia points out, ""it's like a development from scratch. Blood and Wine was literally built from scratch.""RPGS HISTORY BEST BOSS FIGHT!WON AS BEST RPG OF DS3, KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK (BEST DLC EVER)Including more than 250 Game Awards of the Year, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is the most prized game of 2015.NOTE 11 \ 10History: 11Musics: 11Gameplay: 9Optimization:10Graphics:11Boss Fight 11Unforgettable experience."
76561198103460068,Recommended,292030,16081990,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,leileijoker,Can't say anything but great. Best RPG I've ever played!
,Recommended,292030,20809619,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,zebez,Simply put: One of the best games I have ever played.
,Recommended,292030,23075609,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,"Dickfuck, the Dongsmasher.",Litterally the best game I have ever played.
,Recommended,292030,16086618,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Warramir,"If you PC is able to run this game, buy it. It is awesome!9/10"
76561198065782394,Recommended,292030,15904304,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,sL1ck ♨,"Might be the best game this month and also can be the best RPG game of the year (2015) in my opinion.Developer/Publisher : CD Projekt RED really doing its job very well,they make a nice and beautiful game,after playing this game for 5 hours,this game offers the experience of playing with the look of a lovely atmosphere and tempting,the storyline of this game is good so far,and the game runs smoothly on my PC.(+) Huge World(+) Great character and beautiful world(+) Responsive fighting mechanism(+) Good story,so far...(+) Lots side quests(-) Requires a PC with a good system to get the best quality of this gameI recommend to buy this game for you fans of RPG games,especially fans of the game The Witcher :)9.0/10"
,Recommended,292030,20272415,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,nativelog,"This game is an absolute masterpiece.We could talk for hours about the almost infinite amount of content it has, but the most important thing is how well crafted that content is. Other games might rival it in size, but no other has such high quality in so much quantity.The entertaining and challenging battle system, the great story for both main and even more so, secondary missions, the appealing and beautiful graphics, the leveling up and customization skill tree, and so on. Everything in this game has been designed which such care and love, you won´t be able not to love it yourself. Hundreds of hours of joy, and more if you add the expansions which maintain the same excellent level."
76561198168395906,Recommended,292030,15905776,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,RYDXTR,"the game is great, but i kinda hate the control"
,Recommended,292030,16279830,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Rogers,"Before I take a couple paragraphs to tell you why this is the best  game I have ever played lets just dispense with the big question. Is this game worth your money? Absolutely 100 per ♥♥♥♥ing cent yes. Now the good and the bad.So I have been playing games for a very long time. I started out with the original Red Alert when that game came out. I knew I would be playing games in some capacity for my entire life. I was hooked. I love a game that immerses me, that brings me into its world, characters and story. The Witcher series has always done that for me, but the third is a true triumph of not only the series but of gaming in general.Story/Characters/World -This game has the most immersive world one that truly is breathing and alive. NPC's have work schedules and their interactions with you and the the rest of the world are among the best I have ever seen. One example of something cool I saw was a fisherman putting his boat into the water. Well his boat sank, and he started crying and freaking out. It was amazing to see that amount of detail and believability when I was just riding by on my horse.The world is beautifully hand crafted and interesting. It has a lived in, gritty, believable feel to it. It makes a world like Skyrim that I thought was excellent feel dead, lifeless and crap to be brutally honest. Everything about this world is vibrant and alive, wildlife, cats and dogs wandering the streets and forests. People washing their clothes, painters preparing their trade, people arguing or gossiping. We have all seen this in one way or another in previous games well it's never been done as well as CD Projekt Red has pulled off. The amount of detail given to this game world shines through and through making it a truly amazing experiance to explore.The characters are varied and interesting with their own motives, excellently voice acted and animated. The characters are fun to interact with and learn new things or just see how they behave in their lives. I watched a drunken Skelliger (Viking basically) stumble out of a bar and off the dock. The texture counts on characters are also absurdly high, if not the best I have ever seen. It seems just about every pour is modeled. The dialouge is a joy to listen to, with its emotional range as well as humor being unsurpassed by anything else.Quests-This is one of the main triumphs of the game. How excellent every single quest in this game is. Every quest has the depth of a main quest with detail and love shown to it. The cinematic (ingame ofcourse)  work for all of the events, even random encounters is top notch and helps you care about what you are doing. This comes back to how well the characters  and voice acting in addition to music are done that add so much excitement and intruige to the quest lines.In Skyrim and most RPGs the side quests tend to be the best with the MQ falling flat and lifeless. The main quest and choices you are forced to make on more than one occasion put Biowares (black/white) decision systems to shame. Quests, all of them have gravity and feeling to them. Whether its helping a broken family fix their lives (or attempt to) or  encountering two travelers and drinking with them.It’s a beautiful well crafted set of quests and it is in the top form of the finest quest lines and stories ever made in a game.Gameplay-Looking at this game as a long time fan and series veteran it is the culmination of what CDProjekt started doing with the original Witcher. The combat feels nice and smooth (clunky but I'll get to that in the negatives) Executions are amazingly fluid just like the combat and sword play. Signs are incredibly useful and are quite required to defeat some of those harder Witcher contracts and groups of enemy evildoers. The game has added fast travel as well from signposts in the world that you explore similar to points of interest in Skyrim. It is a solid system with fast load times (mind you I am on an SSD) in addition to the nice feature of the MQ story line being retold to refresh you when you hop back into the game. In addition to this you have a trusty (and ungodly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥) horse to ride that you can upgrade certain aspects of his  movement, fear level and help you carry more loot. The horse movement feels  good when it works. I'll get more into thatin the negatives.Graphics-""BUTT DEH GAEM WUR DUWNGRAYDED"" Jesus ♥♥♥♥ing Christ if I keep seeing this ♥♥♥♥ I am going to lose my mind. It seems the number one complaint of ♥♥♥♥ing idiots who have quad titans and suckle of the parental ♥♥♥ to this day. Idiots notwithstanding the game looks absolutely  incredible. The weather system is 100% amazing, incredibly immersive and at times it actually transforms the large world into a seeming threat. Traveling through a forest during a rainstorm is actually terrifying. It is a fantastic day and night system featuring the most beautiful sun rise and sets I have seen since Crysis.The game has more of an oil painting vibe and feel to me with rich colors bringing the world to almost a storybook life. The character models are phenomenal and I have yet to see better animation or facial emotion work other than MAYBE LA Noire but at this point Witcher surpasses it.The game on ultra looks incredible and you know what? On Medium it looks phenomenal too. I have a buddy who is running a 580GTX and he's running on Medium settings at 60 plus frames and it looks fantastic. With all the bells and whistles turned on it is one if not the best looking game on the market. With CD PRs mod policy of (do whatever you want) We will get the 2013 E3 demo level of fidelity back they have already said its possible but good luck running it.People whining about a downgrade are seriously insane.Negatives-Okay, first off the movement  system in this game is clunky and sloppy. You will find your Geralt wandering past loot bins and over roofs multiple times and its going to start ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you off running in ♥♥♥♥ing circles trying to get the loot bin or get through a doorway. This problem is solved most of the time by not running every where and walking. It is a problem in addition to no FOV slider the camera angle inside of buildings is quite awful as in Witcher vision. It's too damn close to Geralt.The movement is my main gripe, but level locking items is also a huge annoyance for me. I understand why they  did it but I don't like it. If I explore enough of the world fight big enough bad asses and I find an amazing sword at level 5 I should be able to use it for the next 10 levels. I should be able to find the best sword in the game if I look hard enough for it. I love exploration. I despise any and all restrictions on that. Fine if I wander too far, and there is a monster that is too tough for me, guess I gotta come back later. That being said I think the Witchers level system is one of the better I have seen in terms of level scaling.OH YEAH. THE HORSE  I don't know what happened but I feel like it was one of the only things in this game that  feels a bit half ♥♥♥♥♥. The  horse combat feels quite bad, the movement is worse. Roach (your horse) will randomly stop or terrain for no reason when running (I've lost more than one race to this ♥♥♥♥) it just seems something is wrong with the terrain collision or something. The call horse feature also sometime works sometime does not. If you take it as it is, and consider Roach actually mentally deficient I think you will be able to deal with his ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Or just walk and fast travel most places asI have learned to do.So I hope this review has helped you decide whether the Witcher 3 is right for you.Gwent is so good and so addictive its going to be its own standalone game. That good."
,Recommended,292030,19679026,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,• Exely,Hunt or be a victim
76561197963129976,Recommended,292030,15964710,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Mephz,A game that made me feel bad about helping orphans escape from crones that were going to butcher them.  Screw you Witcher 3!
76561198040623811,Recommended,292030,15898303,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Battle Sneeze,"first impression of the witcher 3 (as of 2.5 hours into the game):The looks of it aren't quite as great as I had hoped, but it's not so bad that it takes away much from the experience. Blood textures and other ""wet"" textures do look plastic as ♥♥♥♥ tho. On the other hand, character models are GORGEOUS; especially Geralt. Which is nice. So far (1.5 h in) no boobs. Will return to that topic again when relevant. Dat♥♥♥♥♥tho.As to game play: The combat mechanics are solid, but the movement mechanics can be a bit TOO fluid at times, with stairs being the bane of my existence. I'm especially fond of the fact that the signs (and expendable weapons such as grenades) have been beautifully integrated in a quick-select menu. Gone are the days of the witcher 1.As to the game's actual performance... there's never any lag, no loading screens, and the movement between indoors and outdoors is as smooth as could be. Good job so far, CD projekt.One thing to note, though; Introduction is a BIT long. felt like I had to watch about 20 minutes of cutscene; although this was all rendered in the engine, and looked pretty damn good, still. And 'dat♥♥♥♥♥ The witcher living up to it's name in the... ehem.. lower regions? Anyway. Stellar performance so far.Rating as of now:Graphics: B+Combat mechanics: AMovement mechanics: AUI: A♥♥♥♥♥♥ FBooty: SStory: Can't comment yet.Conversational system: BDislikeable humans: SOverall I'd give the game a rating of A so far, although I will update this as I get deeper into the experience."
76561197974897315,Recommended,292030,16300944,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,mark247gamer,180hrs and still loving it!
,Recommended,292030,15906373,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,jub,Played for 12 hours.Still enjoying the tutorial.The game hasn't even started and is better than most games I played.11/10
76561198026899737,Recommended,292030,33279822,Posted: 5 July,all,#CoK Rangerstown_SWAT,step:1 murders farmers chickenstep:2 repeat10/10 get free chicken club
,Recommended,292030,19300886,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Turquoise_Falcon,There's literally thousands of positive reviews for this game. Mine won't matter. Read all of the other very detailed reviews and then buy this game
,Recommended,292030,28185879,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Redoholic,in game can sex 50 laides10/10 it buy pleasehow to spoken
,Recommended,292030,27090757,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Luş,"The feels you get from this game are on a whole new level. It set the bar so high (story, graphics, char dev, gameplay.. you name it) that no game will reach it any time soon."
,Recommended,292030,22780564,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Lord Vernon of the North Field,"The Witcher 3 has such an incredible level of depth and craft that it's certainly one of my favourite games. I can't really recall getting attached to characters in a videogame like in The Witcher, so much so that I genuinely felt empty when I finished it. There's an overwhelming number of positives and so few negatives to Wild Hunt, which is rare for a game of this calibre, especially in recent years:Pros:- The Story: engaging, with suitably serious and funny moments. Dialogue is well written, and the story delivers a great sense of epic-ness as it unravels.- Combat, which has good tempo and is very fun.- Sublime visuals and scenery (if you've the hardware to support them, thought the game still looks good on lower settings).- An awesome soundtrack, which you also get in mp3s and flacs with the download.- The Value: it's not very often that I'd consider paying full price for a game to be more than worth doing (though I'd still wait for a sale) - The Witcher has a superb level of replay-ability. The sheer size of this game means that upon replaying you'll find plenty of  details you'd missed on your first play-through (which took me about 60 hours, though I hadn't done all the side quests). Not only that, but the variety of different choices you can make and the different endings to the game have encouraged me, at least, to progress the main story three times. There's plenty of free DLC too and the paid DLC, Hearts of Stone (the only one as of now), is definitely worth getting.Cons (which are minor compared to the pros):- A few, fairly minor bugs (often funnier than they are frustrating).- Horse racing feels a bit shallow - you win based off your horse’s stamina and how good you are at blocking your opponent.- The armour and weapon durability mechanic isn't particularly important (you could probably go the entire way through the game without repairing anything). I also didn't find myself using oils very much, but perhaps this is just down to laziness.- Moving around in small spaces can sometimes be tricky.- The ending-defining decisions you make come in the later stages of the Wild Hunt, so how you act in the earlier parts of the game isn't very important other than for the fate of individual characters.Many other reviewers have said that The Witcher 3 is one of the best games to come out in recent years, though I can't really think of any other RPG that offers quite as much. Functionally, this is one of the best RPGs ever made as far as I'm concerned, and I strongly recommend picking it up."
,Recommended,292030,17411675,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Illumination,"Illumination's Summarized ReviewI can't stop playing The Witcher 3, and here's why:- Massive Open World- Tons of interesting side quests- Engaging & Responsive Combat System- Alchemy & Gathering Ingredients is fun- Incredible voice acting- Inventory and menu systems have a huge improvement from Witcher 2 with layout, design, hotkeys etc.The Witcher 3 is a masterpiece. It's how a third game in a trilogy should be.UpdateAfter starting on my second playthrough, I've realised that this game deserves every right to be what it is. A beautiful masterpiece, that wakes every form of emotion in you. Certain people claim that videogames are nothing but past time activities and another form to escape from the reality we live in, and yes that is true. But what if you actually experienced the amazing stories and got to take part in the decisions that were made. That is actually what videogames are good at. Telling stories and letting you be a part of it all.The Witcher 3 takes you into a world that is truly crafted from the ground up and raises the bar for what you can expect from a franchise and a developer. It is a living, breathing world that guides you through the hours upon hours you will spend in it."
,Recommended,292030,23010514,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,🅱️owe ☿,tiddies10/10
,Recommended,292030,32259531,Posted: 7 June,all,XcruelkillerX,"What happens when Skyrim gets a better combat system (Reminiscent of the Arkham series), and an ultimate graphical overhaul; with a brilliant story in whichyou choose what path to take?The Witcher 3.Just go buy it, and support CDPR :)"
,Recommended,292030,33046886,Posted: 30 June,all,Syimey,This is a MUST HAVE game!I Downloaded the Cracked one before but in the middle of the game I feel so wrong.Then I waited for Summer sale to buy it (50% off=already in the middle of the game xD)Need to drop them some bucks coz making a great masterpiece.GAME OF THE CENTURY!Play it urself u will know.
,Recommended,292030,25243471,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Ahava_be,"Best game ever! World is amazingly big, there's everything you would look for in an RPG."
,Recommended,292030,28153917,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,SuperSandro2000,Best RPG ever! Just do it! I mean buy it!
,Recommended,292030,28042764,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,FabrySamp,"One of the best games ever made, probably the best in its genre. Masterpiece."
,Recommended,292030,17530858,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Dog burger 12,"This game is one of the greatest games I have ever played. It took me 177 hours to complete everything the game offered, and it was worth every dime I spent. Every hour I gave was also spent immersed in this beautifully crafted world. Truly it is--without a doubt--the greatest modern RPG, if not one of the greatest RPGs, ever created. From its game mechanics, level of immersion, and detail, which goes far beyond the persnikety and into the obssessive, it is a finely tuned and orchestrated experience. Characters feel like real, grounded humans (or non-humans), despite this high-fantasy setting. In fact, CDPR's ability to create such believable characters, makes the world feel less fantastical and more in the norm.A monster plagues a nearby village? ""Oh, that's totally normal."" I would often think while playing.Sure, that might seem like a bad thing, but by bringing the player into the world this way, CDPR is able to better communicate things, like the impending doom approaching (*spoilers*) or the racism present against non-humans in a way that is far more believable compared to other RPGs. In short, The Witcher 3 does not contain those certain pitfalls of storytelling that often plague RPGs that deal with issues found in the real world. Issues such as racism, political corruption and war crimes imbide a sense of gravity, so they never feel contrived or ridiculous. Other RPGs often struggle with this due to their often farcical natures and high-fantasy settings.Another issue with other games--particularly Elder Scrolls--is the ""create-your-own-character"" mechanic. Sure, you can make up a story for your character and deck him out with sweet armor and weapons, but when you get down to it, there is not any real lore to support who your character is. I do realize you can choose to be ""good"" or ""evil,"" based on your actions (such protecting a village or slaughtering everyone), but it's just not the same as playing as an well-established character. Geralt of Rivia--on the other hand-- has several books under his belt, so there is a lot of lore already supporting who he is. Yet despite that, you can still makes choices that change the world and how it percieves Geralt; it just compounds on top of everything else he's done in the books and the previous games. Each choice you make adds immersion because Geralt's previous actions are known and felt in the world already. Whether through befriending the villain of the last game, or by choosing who Geralt is to love (or if he is to not love at all), choices are felt not only in the present, but have resounding echoes from the past.Before I digress too much, I'll end this somewhat-review/somewhat-pitch with this: buy this game. Play it. And you will understand why I love this game so much. So I bid you adieu, and may Freya (or Melitele) be with you. Let the Eternal Flame guide you, and remember...avoid portals at all costs.***I STRONGLY RECOMMEND YOU IMPORT YOUR SAVES (OR EVEN PLAY THROUGH THE PREVIOUS TITLES) IF THAT     CHOICE IS AVAILABLE TO YOU.***"
76561198056468788,Recommended,292030,33024136,Posted: 29 June,all,TheFramPlay,"BEST GAME EVER!!!No lie, this game is probably the greatest creation ever made and thought of. Just buy this game if you've ever thought about getting it before. Full price or not, just get this game. It's a great one for the books and honestly no other game company could ever would or could creat this amount of content (great content at that) for it's players out of the love of the craft. These people who made the game did something amazing and bold. No overpriced content, just a great game at a great price with great dlc. Out of all the games I've ever played, this is by far the best one I've played. Much much love to these developers and the author of the witcher books.This game had all sorts of lore from the books that just made me so happy! Seeing Ciri for the first time not through my imagination, it was amazing! I almost teared up knowing that she was the little cursed monster that Geralt saved. And all sorts of wars, and ugh!This game is so great, I can't even speak right about it, it's just so much that makes me want to scream and shout!WHOOOOO!Anyways, it's a great game, just play it, all pros no cons. Deserves 100% on steam ratings."
76561198004609356,Recommended,292030,23042484,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Tille,"9.9/10 almost perfect ... great game, just finished main plot, excited for the addons10/10 art design (e.g. ingame posters, flags, uniforms portaits and backdrops)9.7/10 character progession9.5/10 German localization ... German Yennefer has mixed perfomances, everyone else is awesome10/10 sound design9.8/10 story telling9.6/10 level design ... great but some hidden schematics are hidden at aweful places10/10 world design ... small stuff like other witchers commenting on the fact you amulett does not mach your witcher school outfit9.8/10 character design ... less ""♥♥♥♥♥er"" more friendships and relationships with banter and jokes9.2/10 texture quality ... seen better textures but compared to install seize it is amazingBonus score for ingame TCG Gwint: 10/10"
,Recommended,292030,27804069,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,shroom _|___|_  ╰(º o º╰),Kreygasm
,Recommended,292030,33031355,Posted: 30 June,all,Obese Walrus,A masterpiece 10\10
,Recommended,292030,33284839,Posted: 5 July,all,Tobster,"The best game I have ever played in terms of gameplay, story, graphics, content, open world etc. This is the kind of quality all AAA game developers should strive for."
,Recommended,292030,23931371,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Mint,"Just finished the Blood and Wine expansion pack after beating Hearts of Stone and the main game. Honestly, I've never been more depressed in my life."
,Recommended,292030,33257922,Posted: 4 July,all,aaronth07,"I don't usually review a game until I complete it or play for a significant amount of time but I feel I must with the sale about to end. The game is amazing and has some of the most unique side quests I have ever seen. Every side quest feels like it could be an actual story mission.The atmosphere is also great. When you're riding roach around or just walking in the woods somewhere, turn your UI off (the default key is ""Home"") and just walk around, it's really amazing.As for the world, well, the world is good. It's not the most interesting and exploration focussed world I have ever seen, but definitely very far from the worst I have seen. Like I said earlier, it's not the most explorable open world as most, if not all interesting things are marked by a question mark on the map. From there, it's simply a task of setting a marker and following the minimap.Let's talk about the story. I am not that far into it but this is by far the best story I have seen in a game. I may just have missed out on the other games with a great story but this story is the greatest I have seen, very interesting and unique. When you start out it seems pretty generic but once you actually get into it, the real story starts to show and it all comes together. In my opinion, the best story in this game is not the overarching plot, but the smaller stories. For example (no spoilers): The Bloody Baron quest line. That was a story within the main story (you had to progress that quest line to get further into the main story) and it was amazing. The actual story that you needed to complete had nothing to do with the main story, yet it was given the same care as the main story. Like I said before, I am not that far into the main story but I find it amazing that they would put the same amount of effort into those quests, even if it is mandatory to progress in the main story.This is definitely a must buy/play/have for any gamer out there. I can't wait to see what CD PROJEKT RED will do with Cyberpunk 2077.NOTE: This is not a full review and not my final review. Once I finish the story and/or feel like I have progressed a significant amount, I will redo my review to be a much more detailed and polished review"
,Recommended,292030,27530907,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,maximreality,"one of the best games ever created, the amount of work that went into this game is amazing."
76561198024831482,Recommended,292030,27670589,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Errabundi,I'd love to have more time for that. But so far it takes my breath away.
76561197993813979,Recommended,292030,26442422,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,GoneToWalkAbout,"If you don't already know how amazing this game is, then you must have been living under a rock troll. The visuals are outstanding, the story is engaging, the combat is fantastic, and the DLC is free.GraphicsStoryMechanicsFree DLCThat's what it takes to create an awesome game. /clap"
76561198073647831,Recommended,292030,26905572,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,h3llbat,"Well i am not writting an esay , this could be , but i dont want to keep this review that long :D.About the game : when i first started it i thought , it was a nice game with good graphics and nothing super special.Well i was convieced that i was sooooo wrong , and i was glad that i was so wrong , played so many side quest and all the main story , although i have to say that i didnt like the main story so much but the gameplay was absolutly gorgeous(thats why i enjoyed playing many side quests).Played even the DLCS and i have to say that i enjoyed it so much that i wanted to replay both dlcs :)Overall if it hadnt have been for the dlcs i would probobly just liked the game and nothing more11/10 would replay this whole game AGAIN"
76561198093137473,Recommended,292030,22348570,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Flower Mio,Words can't describe this game...
,Recommended,292030,22366867,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,duck with a sharingan,"I have never played a game as good as this before.The audio, the environments and graphics, the mechanics, the lore etc. are all amazing.Some 100ish hours in and I'm still discovering new things, still being offered unique quests, still seeing new sights.Nothing else comes close to it really - right now it's without equal."
,Recommended,292030,32886499,Posted: 27 June,all,Crazy Danish,"Truely the most immersive game I have ever played. Beyond the gameplay and the graphics it is the cities, the landscapes, the writing and oh... the charaters. All are stunningly beautiful to behold. And what a way to end the game, with the Blood and Wine DLC... THAT IS HOW IT IS DONEI'll always have very fond memories of this game. Thank you CD Projekt RED."
76561197994273865,Recommended,292030,22358306,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Requiem,"Great stories & characters, acceptable rpg mechanics & character development, super good looking graphics with nice world & character art.  Equipement & gear is gorgeous, as are the 'romanceable' lady characters.  Alchemy and crafting are simple but do work.  There's a LOT of content, so much that it can borderline be a problem for completionists.  Nothing is ever perfect, but this is my 2015 Game of the Year for sure."
,Recommended,292030,32876076,Posted: 27 June,all,JOEJETT,"The Witcher3 , Wid Hunt.Ive come across this game by word of mouth from a friend; and Im so glad. I am thrilled by this, Im going to spend so much time with this, its fantastic. MUST REMEMBER TO EAT> AND OCCASIONALLY SLEEP !"
76561198128610808,Recommended,292030,32960242,Posted: 28 June,all,Karesz,"This has to be my favourite game in the RPG genre.A true masterpiece, and example how a game should be done.GGWP CDPR!"
76561198007780502,Recommended,292030,16094139,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,The Bear Jew,"never i have played a game that every side quest has more story than other games main story, this is the best RPG,nay, this is the best GAME i have ever played. everything is perfect. the only thing that disappointed me was not seeing or having any mention of saskia and iorveth."
,Recommended,292030,23277484,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Phantom Wolf,"What can I say about The Witcher 3, I mean, other than it is probably the best game I have ever played?Great story? Check.Unforgettable characters? Check.Great RPG? Check.Immersive? Double Check.Choices matter? Check.Regret a few choices (and cry over them)? Check and check.Soundtrack? Amazing. Check.Side quests unrepetitive and interesting? Triple Check.The only way I see that you might not enjoy this game, is if you don't care, at all, about story and simply just hate RPGs, other than that, it's a MUST HAVE title, and the full price is laughable considering the hours you can put in the game, the immersion of the world, it's polishment, and (limited, though present) replayability.100/10 - Will start playing again."
,Recommended,292030,23050494,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,ポイーさま,"This has been the best game I have ever played. This is also now my benchmark when playing a game.The game- is Ambitious. and they pulled it off.- has a good storyline.- has an adequate battle system. Might not be the best, but it is perfect for its own- is excellent on voice overs. I never get tired of all those accents and Geralt's boring voice.- has the best DLC's. Good free DLC. Hearts of Stone DLC is just superb.- is wide! I can't stop the complentionist in me to get to all those question marks even though I finished the game.Some notes:- I feel the movement is a little bit clunky. I don't know if it's by design but I can say it's not smooth. Even with the alternative movement setting, I just feel it can do better.- I'm not really sure about this but the UI seems a bit slow (30fps ish). I don't know what a 60fps UI feels like but when you play the game then hit that start button to open up inventories, maps or quest, it just doesn't feel right to me.- Crafting system could be better. Since it's a world with too many items, it's just hard to find the components you need using the UI.I strongly recommend that you buy this game. Sale or not."
76561198064220247,Recommended,292030,27573136,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,desert,"Stunning visuals and story, humor, fights - Witcher has it all. Absolutely worth buying. After I completed the main game I already knew I would buy every DLC it has."
,Recommended,292030,25393807,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Wall Builder,"I hate everything, but I am being completely honest when I say that this game is a goddamn masterpiece."
76561198273332384,Recommended,292030,25257676,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Manja,it's more like a 190h long movie than a game.
,Recommended,292030,22607274,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Ana #Blue,"Geralt's beard grows in realtime and I just had sex on a unicorn O.oGreat soundtrack, stunning graphics and interesting story.The Hunt is coming  *** breathing intensifies ***11/10  would buy again"
,Recommended,292030,22512626,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,heavierthanlife,"I've been enjoying this game for a while yet didn't bother posting any comments, but just now I was blown away by one detail that no one has mentioned(as far as I know):In certain quest, when approaching the cat school witcher, I was mocked as I'm wearing a feline set.Last playthrough in this quest I was in undvik set and he did not say a thing to my armor.Now I wonder how many details remain unnoticed.Update: Took off my boots before the bootblack scene in Toussaint, and then... good job CDPR."
,Recommended,292030,26103535,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Veyr1se,I finish this game.. and now.. i feel empty inside.. dont know what to do..
,Recommended,292030,16025782,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Hedless,"Having Played 50 hours of this amazing game, I feel I'm nowhere near writing a full review, but I'll do it anyway.As an opening statement, I've read all the books (translated) played 11 hours of Witcher 1, and completed Witcher 2 so i'll make references back and forth.First off, for the first 49 hours I'd been playing on low textures, because I'm an idiot and should've put them up to high/ ultra, but for the record, the game still looked amazing and I never looked at the graphics again after the Balcony scene. This is mainly because the game is so immersive, the story so detailed that frankly I was so focused on what I was doing the world passed me by, but I enjoyed exploring, finding a cave in the middle of nowhere, only to be savaged by a Golem way higher than me was very satisfying, especially when I came back levels later, studied it's attacks, learnt it's weaknesses and capitalised on them. The combat is way more enjoyable than Dark Souls for me. With Signs, Sword attacks and various potions as well as an expansive skill system, you can really create some fantastically focused builds.Controls in combat are smooth, while out of combat, they can be a little off at times, often walking back and forth over an item before i'm able to pick it up, underwater controls were actually my biggest weakness in the game, but it's a controller game just as 2 was.The game is vastly superior to 2 in so many ways (i'll mention this more as both differ in style over 1)Inventory screen is vastly better, i'm not removing my items while trying to equip others and it's all round much better. Though the skill screen is annoying in that often I end up removing my mutagens by accidentQuests have consequences, both side and otherwise, heck even the random events have consequences both good and bad so it really gets you thinking at times about the potential results of your decisions. Won't mention any here because spoilers but they can really take you by surprise, often the result not occuring for hours later, heck I didn't see the result of one of my decisions until 30 hours later, and that was just a random event.The world is massive, no I mean Massive, even Novigrad, the biggest would take a good 15 minutes around the outside (roughly), i've been lost in there so many times.Quests are like nothing we've come to expect from RPGs recently, ALL quests are brilliantly voice acted, they have interesting storylines and you often don't feel like it's just a fetch quest, there is more intrigue, and all round you actually want to explore to find everything.There are so many references back to the books which never fail to make me smile, Heck the entire ballad in Novigrad is a reference to the first blood ""The Last Wish"". You can also find a compressed version within the game. The story of Ciri turning up in Kaer in a dress, again a reference to the book. And the ""Basilisk"" that was a Wyvern random event, that was a reference to the book whilst it was actually Ciri who called the gentleman out pointing out the differences between the two creatures but it was still in the game in some form. All of that makes me respect CDPR even more for so much relation to source material as well as forging their own path. It's a fantastic mix.Let's try to wrap this up because I'd rather not keep more of your time when you should be playing so:Pros:- Massively detailed world- Combat is fun yet still hard, even at level 17, you lose your focus against a swarm of level 4 drowners, you're going to lose your vitality quickly- Benefits to exploring, and you actually feel like you want too- Quests as aforementioned as so detailed and often allow you to make a choice you think about- Combat is not always the solution, you may choose to let someone free rather than killing, they could take a chance turn their life around or sink deeper into darkness, who knows- This is candidate for game of the year in my book, best game I've played in years- Contracts give you the story, the preparation and all the tools to take on some of the best designed creatures in the world. so exhilerating to take down some mighty behemoth after one hell of a tough fightCons- Clunky controls at times, especially underwater- Odd bugs, such as characters floating around, or leaving their hair behind, seriously, Triss looks scary without hair, personally i've experienced no game breakers- The mutagen system is confusing at first, not realising you had active skills, I messed up my first build and needed to respec- If you miss some gwent cards in the prologue, or a merchant dies, you ain't ever getting those gwent cards (hopefully this will be patched, as people who didn't pay attention during the prologue have that achievement locked for themOverall though, this is an amazing game and I think it's going to be the game of the year, so I hope you all enjoy it as much as I have so far, now, stop reading, draw your silver and get back to making crowns"
76561197996604397,Recommended,292030,15997758,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Uncertified Anvil,"The environment is beautifully made, there's a ridiculous large amount of content, the combat is awesome, and you get to have sex atop a unicorn.11/10"
76561198038419741,Recommended,292030,16055367,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Azaiko,"I am already 19 hours in and I still have the feeling that I just started. There are so many good things about this game. The world is huge and rich, the quests are interesting and fun, the sidequests are their own little stories, the combat is fun for what it is. Every single RPG fan should have play this game."
,Recommended,292030,16050058,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Mr. Pickles - Good boy,Jogo que vale muito mais do que você paga.Um dos melhores jogos já feito.
76561197964014740,Recommended,292030,16117236,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,obs_baku7,"I loved the Witcher when it came out - I wasn't so in love that I would have called it one of my top 10 games of all time, but I loved it.  The Witcher II absolutely knocked the first game out of the water.  It solidly broke into my top 10 games list.  My anticipation for the Witcher III was through the roof.  The game does not disappoint.  I didn't think it possible, but the Witcher III far surpasses the Witcher II.  Right now I'm even suffering from Skyrim syndrome - I've played almost 50 hours of the game, and haven't advanced the main plot very far at all.The combat is excellent, I like the leveling system a lot as well, the voice acting is superb, the game is visually stunning, gwent is the best side-game in a game since blitzball in FFX and, of course, the game is extremely immersive.  This is especially true if you have played the previous games and/or have read any of the books.I also heard a begger deliver the monty python leper sketch in the game. 10/10"
,Recommended,292030,15992953,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,branpurn,"Easily the greatest game in the series, and undoubtedly ranks as one of the greatest RPGs of all time. Bodes well for Cyberpunk 2077."
,Recommended,292030,16002055,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Yai Lee Wau,"Likely the best open world RPG I've ever played. Immersive, Beautiful, and Epic"
76561198008337829,Recommended,292030,16021796,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,ƃoɹpou,"""For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction""Saved a spirit who then went and murdered an entire village!Saved a man from killer monsters. Man ends up killing more people than the monsters ever did.So awesome! 10/10"
76561197964496131,Recommended,292030,16002082,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Jimmy Tugboat,Fantastic game!  Such graphics!  Very rain.  Much swords wow!
,Recommended,292030,16083972,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Percy,"You know how every now and then there is a game that defines a specific genre? Well, this is one of them.This is what games should be. You think the price is too high? For the quality and amount of content you get, the price should easily be triple. Witcher 3 has only one focus as a game, and that is quality. This you can see in every aspect of the game. You will stop to listen to every dialog, you will stop to admire the scenery and you will stop to think and feel as the game challenges you emotionally. This is a complete experience, and the dedication of this company for its game is all too clear.This is how you do a damn game, this should be the industry standard. Nothing in this game feels like just another checklist feature, or a paper/cardboard feature.Compared to what I think is its main competitor, the game follows the already set in standard. Dragon Age Origins was a good game, while Witcher 1 was decent. Dragon Age II was a shallow game while Witcher 2 was a good game. Now Dragon Age Inquisition is an empty single player MMO game, while Witcher 3 is a masterpiece.10/10 Would cry again after helping the Red Baron deal with you know who, by doing you know what."
,Recommended,292030,32903538,Posted: 27 June,all,DarkTReaper,"This game.is simply amazing.I never believed a game would attract me so much.Firstly let me say i never even knew about the witcher series.witcher 3 caught my attention cause everyone was positive about this game.Like 95% positive reviews.I was like,hey this game looks pretty decent,ill keep track of it.Then i learned more and more about this game.saw some gameplay and was like,i hesitated with skyrim and i got absolutely absorbed into its word.This could very much be the same,ill give it a try.And damn.....Did the game suck me into it's word,i felt i was so connected with geralt.It just felt amazing.Theres nothing negative about this game,even if you go into detail theres nothing flawed in this game.Maybe combat only,but mostly its pretty good.The story was amazing,the different choises actually had different outcomes.The graphics are f@king gorgeous.The word is just full of details.Im just simply fascinated that i could get attached to a game like this.When i hear a soundtrack of the game i always feel nostalgia and want to come back to the game.CD Projekt red is just an amazing company,i wish we would get another witcher game :(  .lets not forget they gave us free dlc,while other companies charge you for them.But anyway,i totally recommend this game,as i said,i never even knew about the witcher games,i said,why not give it a try?And i enjoyed every minute of it.It could be the same for you,(and its gonna be) i guarantee you."
,Recommended,292030,27565009,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Naofumi,Game of the year? What year? Every year!
76561198144842281,Recommended,292030,20460829,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,The Real Fallen,Best Game of 2015 hands down.
,Recommended,292030,15943016,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Cautious510,"Started out with kind of bad impressions - the movement and combat didn't feel right after having played a few hundred hours of Bloodborne.After having played some hours into W3, though, I can safely say you really do get used to it.  And I grew to love it.  There is so much more to this game that makes up for whatever is lacking in the movement mechanics that you won't even be thinking about it before long.The quests are amazing - even the sidequests seem well thought out.Some standouts:  Story, graphics, voice acting, alchemy, combat (never thought I'd say that), and sidequests.Whole heartedly recommend this to anyone who likes RPGs (or action/adventure games), and it's a serious contender for GOTY.9.4/10 [wrote this at 27 hours in]"
,Recommended,292030,22559957,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Tea Lizard,i like it alot
76561198052108110,Recommended,292030,16000589,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,JetHead,"Never played the previous Witcher games? Or, like me, just have them chilling in your games list unplayed? DOESN'T MATTER!This is one of the best games I've ever played. This is a game that can actually call itself 'next-gen' because it's miles beyond what passes for it lately. It stands on its own as a remarkable experience.The graphics are technically great, but the art direction is fantastic. The world is truly alive and sprawling, just begging to be explored. The minimum requirements are a little more demanding than they should be, if you don't quite have what it calls for there's a good chance it will still be very playable. If you do have a nice shiny new GPU, this is the eye candy you've been waiting to throw at it.Even only being vaguely familiar with the Witcher universe, this game quickly engrosses you into the world, the lore, the characters, and the perfectly knit gameplay that makes you feel an active part of it. Without losing the cinematic level of quality.The combat is well balanced. This is no button masher, but it's not complicated either. Higher difficulty levels actually require attention and planning to make it through. Enemies are not forgiving, and rushing anywhere unprepared will be met with a very quick lesson on what not to do.The story is enormous, yet fully voice casted with attention to making every single line of dialog be well delivered and acted. I can't imagine how they did it without being a narrow on-rails game. This thing is huge and intricate, with everything being of substance. There are no useless fetch quests, everything is rich and detailed!I think you get the idea, it's incredible, and you don't need any previous experience with the series. I'm ending this here because I need to go back to playing.tl;dr  Projected on a wall at 60fps, it's like being inside a fantasy world."
,Recommended,292030,22364190,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Arcanous,"People don't exagerate when they claim this is one of the best games ever made. A game so huge it'll take you around 60-80h to finish main story line, and over 250h to complete. Character development, choices that truly matter (in most cases), and awesome voice acting, as well as impressive visuals make this game go further than any other has ever gone before. Just as an example in terms of its scope, it took more than 950 people to record all the diferent voices throught the base game. You won't ever find too contracts to be the same, each and every one of them has its own background, story, etc. And, not to mention that you can inmerse yourself as deep as you want in The Witcher world, given the huge amount of history you can find in books, notes, talking to NPCs...  If not the best game, at least it's the best RPG I've ever played. Even better than Skyrim, I could say. But what truly matters is, I've had tons of fun playing through it. Well done, CD Projekt Red, impressive."
76561197960281570,Recommended,292030,23529564,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Combat Gorge,"Going to keep this short and simple, first I would like to preface I'm not a fanboy of the series, I picked Witcher 3 up because of the sale.With that out of the way, Witcher 3 might be one of the best games I have ever played. Graphically it is beautiful, voice acting is great, and the story is like a good book you don't want to put down. Combat not only being superb has little strategic elements thrown in to help you in a tough fight like oiling your blade or taking a potion before a fight to give you an edge. The Witcher powers come in very handy in combat as well  and are also useful in certain dialogue options. The Witcher 3 is hands down worth every penny you will spend on it, so I highly recommended it.The only gripe I ever had was weapon and armor durablity making me travel far and wide for repairs breaking my questing.DLCI'm not covering the free DLC because that is entirely optional and obviously free. So the first DLC “Heart of Stone” I wasn't exactly gripped while playing it, just didn't have that flare the main campaign had to keep me entirely engaged. Sure there are definitely some good moments but what is added to the game doesn't really feel connected to you as the character. However, is it worth $10? Yeah, based on the time you will spend doing the missions and some of the extra gear you receive it is worth that cost. However, I would consider this DLC something to purchase if you want more things to do.The second DLC “Blood and Wine” I really can't praise enough, it has everything you would want: a whole HUGE area to explore, some old characters revisited (never played the previous games, gathered the history from the dialogues an such), some decent fights, new loot, and a little humor here and there. However, for me the reason I was most satisfied by this final DLC is it wrapped up the story and gave me that satisfying conclusion that the main campaign epilogues didn't really do for me. If you have the money purchase this DLC without a doubt."
,Recommended,292030,25632994,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,.Krɪstopħer12 - FeelsGoodMan,"One of the Greatest RPG I have ever played, this game literally had me hooked for 2 weeks to finish it. Extremely Recommended, Must have!!Pros:Great StoryGreat GameplayAmazing Depth and takes a while to finishRewards Learning game mechanics and can be played through multiple times.Cons:Rare bugs that arent game breaking and can be fixed by just restarting the game.RECOMMENDED BUY!!"
,Recommended,292030,22220510,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Lametta,"Easily one of the best rpgs yet.Great story,graphics and nice sidequests(storywise).The second witcher was better than the first one but this one is much much better then the 2nd one.  Witcher 2 had a bad combat system imo but in this game it was actually enjoyable and much better.Graphics wise there are places where you just stop to look at the scenery. It's simply amazing.Story is great and even the story of the sidequests is enjoyable .Armor and weapon variety is huge.Combat system with  many many different potions and enemies never gets boring.If you dont like Witcher 3 you probably dont like RPGs in general. Too bad the series has come to an end.Only game atm that trumps this one is dark souls for me.Let's hope for better and more through CDprojekts new Cyberpunk game."
76561198269372974,Recommended,292030,26332758,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,G!anT,This Game won 251 GotY awards more than TLoU which's 249 GotY awards n currently the most awarded Game in history So....by far for me its the Best RPG game I've ever played ❤
,Recommended,292030,23573579,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,JazzGitti,The only game where I don't mind watching the cutscenes.
,Recommended,292030,16042702,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Justin,SO GOOD
,Recommended,292030,32698751,Posted: 23 June,all,Ezah,"Witcher 3 is one of those games that you just have to play to truly comprehend it. The previous iterations were each good games at the time, but Witcher 3 takes it from on rails, throws it into an open world, refines every mechanic, and throws some more in on top. Combat is smooth and diverse, with a multitude of ways to attack, defend, and either amplify yourself or hamper your enemies through skills, potions, signs, and oils. The cast of characters are basically 50 shades of grey, with many people hiding dark secrets, and many times having to strike bargains with a terrible evil in order to accomplish something for the greater good. Very rarely will there be a cut and dry good vs. evil decision to be made. Along with this, the quests are made in such a way that they won't get boring. Witcher contracts take detective skills to hunt down monsters, which then requires learning weaknesses, from holes in attack patterns to oils to signs, and even some negotiating skills to squeeze some poor gravedigger out of all of his money. A smart compromise of fast travel is implemented through having specific points available to travel to and from, so it's not so simple as popping open a map and instantly teleporting to where you want to go, but convenient enough to avoid the tedium of slogging 10 minutes across a map to point A, 10 minutes to find point B, and another 10 minutes back to point A. Experience is focused mostly in quests, as per usual for Witcher games, but there is plenty of reason to explore, what with points of interest everywhere to gather new equipment, crafting materials and diagrams, and even skill points from places of power. Inventory management is done (mostly) very well, where crafting and quest items are all 0 so you pretty much only have to debate over juggling those 20 swords you got from slaughtering a pack of bandits.As much as I try to accurately write about why you should or shouldn't get a game, there is nothing that I can write to state how great of a game and swan song Witcher 3 is. Just go buy it. On sale, its $25 with all of the DLC, and it's by far the best and most complete game I've played to date. Do yourself a favor, and go buy it, and then go buy it for some of your friends after your 3 week hiatus from life. And then go play the game again."
,Recommended,292030,26131004,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Pim #Baby Mario,Just started playing this masterpiece
,Recommended,292030,16949006,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Bdav,GOTY 2015
,Recommended,292030,16117031,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,[LST] HeyDaniko,Thus far this game has been everything I wanted it to be. And I thought my expectations were ridiculously high.
76561198068129822,Recommended,292030,30257369,Posted: 1 March,all,Creeeeeeeeed!,Witch Hunter called me a mutantBurned him alive with igni11/10 will purge heretics again
76561198121781446,Recommended,292030,16093096,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,GreatnessAwaits,"For me this is the best RPG and single player game i have ever playedStoryline 10/10the story is very feeling i feel like the story is very well told you can really do whatever you want your not forced to do anything you dont want to do,For example you can be a ruthless killer or be a nice guy helping people,And you can make you enemies or close friends it is a truly amazing experience.Gameplay 10/10I am very impressed with the combat its not like The Witcher 2 where you really did not use any spells i find myself on my on just using them,The combat is difficult but it makes you really want to master it in this game dodging and parrying etc is essential to stay alive.I recommend starting the difficulty on blood and broken bones it makes you need food and drink to get back health.There is so much to do it is really overwhelming so many missions,treasures,Witcher contracts,etc it really just immerses you into it,And the skill trees allow you to play how you want and invest points into spells,combat,alchemy,oils,potions,and so much more.Characters 10/10I find myself reading every character entry i find just seeing the history of each of them,each character is so different in its own way some characters you will love and some you will hate and you can decide for yourself in the dialogue if you want someone as a close friend or a enemy but be wary decisions will affect you later.Sounds 10/10When im riding through a forest i find myself hearing wolf howls birds and just the sound of my horse hooves hitting water or just on the ground it is just so dynamic and real sounding and each beast has its own and very unique sound.Graphics 10/10i have mine set to ultra the frame rate is amazing when im playing sometimes i just sit back and admire how good the graphics are it is definitely one of the best graphic games up to date,The trees moving and the water reflection and the sunsets etc were so well put together its just amazing.Overall 10/10if you like rpg's or single player games or just having a good time and getting lost in a world full of adventures.I would highly recommend this game to anyone this game was long awaited and anticipated and it did not let down one bit.I would call this game a master piece and one of the greatest games of all time and definitely a need to play."
,Recommended,292030,16014360,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Pibulous,"First of all - This game will blow you away. It is the third and last game in Geralt of Rivia's trilogy, and I would say that it is a fitting way to send off one the most epic gaming protagonists of all time.You start in a very poor region, looking for your friend and previous lover Yennefer - only to find that she has some startling news. Ciri, your one time ward and someone who is often considered by Geralt to be a daughter-like figure to him, has returned after years of exile. You are asked by the ruler of Nilfgaard, a southern country invading the northern realms, to find Ciri (her real father) and ultimately bring her to safety.The story then becomes complicated, but not hard to follow as you explore the vast and beautiful (and not to mention deadly) world in an attempt to find her. Even at the end of the game, I still have around 30 uncompleted side and monster quests left to do, with tens more to find after that. There will also be random events you stumble on by accident, which lead to even MORE side quests. Doing these also reward you with better swords and armor, items, and offer new ways to enjoy this land.This is a fantastic game, in terms of graphics (for those with a booming black smoke-emitting machine of a pc; although on my £750 pc with good processor and graphics card I can run it on medium settings native resolution) and gameplay, and the developers have gone to town with the project as a whole. Plus, with two 10 hour and 20 hour extra stories coming in October 2015 and Spring 2016 respectively, there is no reason not to buy this excellent open world RPG right now."
,Recommended,292030,25387992,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,FullBitGamer,Literally the best RPG to come out in the last 10 years.
,Recommended,292030,27895892,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Elektra,Great game <3
76561198052392126,Recommended,292030,15973631,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Link,"Good, lord. This game is without a doubt one of the best games I've played in years. The attention to detail is baffling, and the game play and graphics will be guaranteed to blow your mind. This is a triple A title if I've ever seen it. My expectations for any game that come out now are going to be incredibly high, I'm afraid I might be disappointed :cBuy this game (y)"
76561198031157140,Recommended,292030,21778497,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Rotten Chromosomes,"I haven't played in a while.But the memories I made will never leave me.Words can't describe, friends.There will never be anything better.10/10"
,Recommended,292030,15971390,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,FistofThor,only cons are the sometimes buggy horse riding and swimming otherwise its a masterpiece
,Recommended,292030,25329248,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Rockzo,"Quite easily becoming one of my favourite games of all time.I'm honestly finding it so hard to find another game to play at the moment, without coming back to this.I haven't even started the DLC yet, and im nearly 100hrs into the game.Story is brilliant & the voice acting is absolutely amazing.This game has had me laughing most of the way through, even brought a slight tear to my eye at a few points too!Would definately recommend this game to anyone.EDIT: 150 hours into this game, can honestly say, it's about time a game came out with as much depth in it.The care and attention to detail is absolutely remarkable, not suprised one bit that this won over 200 awards."
76561198073055055,Recommended,292030,23060503,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Foxone,"This is the best game i have ever played, the level of detail is stunning, One of the longest stories out there. With Blood Of Wine coming soon, which will be adding a new region, CD Project Red know what they are doing.I highly recommend this game to anyone.An absolute 10/10!!!"
76561198019091226,Recommended,292030,23251450,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Baggervance,Best RPG i've ever played.  Buy it.
,Recommended,292030,21212015,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Llekzi,"I'll keep this short - The game is a masterpiece, nothing less"
,Recommended,292030,23327223,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Latitude 47<,Best Game Ever Made!!Best Story.Best Gameplay.Hats off to developers.What a game they have created.
76561198178908461,Recommended,292030,25651963,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Alohaaa,Screenshot Simulator 2015. <3
,Recommended,292030,28122847,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,heat,"Best single player Game Ever made!Great story, gameplay, graphics and jokes.Absolute treasure among games!100/100"
76561198016723449,Recommended,292030,27742954,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kero Omega,Yes.
,Recommended,292030,21473444,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Robioto,"ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I'VE PLAYED IN YEARSI've never plated a game that is so full of content and content which is not copy and paste but genuinely meaningful to keep you hooked for hours. If you enjoy open world games in a fantasy setting this game is a must. I'm 100 hours in and I'm still going, I just keep coming back to it.PROS:- Amazing lore with unparalleled depth- Superb characters with fleshed out personalities and back stories, even those in sidequests- A huge variation of monster and enemies to fight- A massive world which constantly rewards exploration with loot- A huge variety of environments which are greatly designed with a painstaking attention to detail- A good story which keeps you hooked- A fun combat system with different ways to play- Amazing soundtrack- Great array of sidequests which all have meaning- Graphically absolutely gorgeous- Amazing atmosphere- The card game Gwent is ridiculously fun and addictiveCONS:- Combat can get a bit tiresome after long stretches of play- The magic system (signs) are fun but Quen is by far the most important on higher difficulties- Some very minor graphical glitches, but to be expected in such a huge game- The world maybe has too much to do for some, which will drive completionists insaneOVERALL- One of the best games for years which I highly recommend to any gamer, it makes an appearance in my top 20 games of all time from my 22 years gaming, which is no mean feat."
76561198086667537,Recommended,292030,30898895,Posted: 2 April,all,TeitGeit,"There are few games that can make you play for a hundred hours and still leave you feeling like you haven't explored the whole game yet, this game is one of them. With a huge world of monster camps, villages and epic quests finishing this game to it's full extent is going to take a long time. Many of the sidequests have intresting story and great loot which help you progress troughout the main story and helps add to the lore of the game.Buying this game (especially if you get it on sale) feels like you've just made a great deal, when you know you will get a lot of gameplay out of it. I've played this game for a hundred hours now, and I will probably play it for a several hundreds more."
,Recommended,292030,31507875,Posted: 2 May,all,DuckyDucky,"After almost 100 hours I can say that this is by far the best game I've ever played. The story is amazing, the graphics are fantastic, the gameplay is great and the quests are fun. Every character you come across feels extremely real. The relationships between Geralt and his friends and partners are amazing and the game makes you really care about them. From looting the deepest, darkest dungeon to killing monsters in distant lands I have learned one thing. I really hate portals.10/10 BUY IT NOW"
76561198041736591,Recommended,292030,15994654,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,[EO] Onikenshin,"This is by far the best game you will ever play.This will be the most detailed review. Read it all if you want to be really sure what this game is.Sure, you will complain about this and say ""BUT AGE OF EMPIRES AND CHILDHOOD"" well screw that. I don't care about your nostalgia. I grew up on DOOM and AoE and Starcraft. I was doing all the jazz too. This was the best game I have ever played.I did not complete all of the side quests or Witcher contracts or treasure hunts or secondary quests because...1. Side quests were often silly and not as interesting as secondary quests2. A lot of the Witcher contracts were out of my level for quite some time and I never got around to doing them all3. I had mastercraft Ursine armor. I didn't need to do all the other treasure hunts. Ursine armor is life.4. About half of the secondary quests don't tie into the story mode, I pretty much only did the tie ins but a healthy amount of them were finished.I would like to start out with the beginning. This game has the single best introduction and training feature ever to be in a video game. You can spend upward of five hours in White Orchard to get everything. You can, and I HIGHLY RECOMMEND spending as much time as possible to get everything 100% in White Orchard. It is worth it for story. It is worth it for mechanics. You need to do it if you are on the two highest difficulties.Combat - This combat is great. It seems clunky as first but it is really quite smooth. It is very unforgiving on the higher modes and YOU CANNOT BUTTON SMASH! I learned the hard way. I started on Death March, and gradually lowered. I finally got a feel for the combat so I stuck to blood and bones after about 8 hours into my playthrough and I only lowered it when I fought bosses I was ill equipped (bombs, oils, potions) for that I shouldn't have been so.You need to use your bombs, your oils, and your potions on harder difficulties. Even if it is just Enhanced oil, you will destroy everything. Those early werewolves you encounter in the very first areas of Velen, you can't kill it without bombs and oils. It's health regen is just too great. Most people I read on the interwebs waited until they were well above level and could safely DPS it. Your starting Items really do suck and you need better ones as well as abilities.Bombs, Oils, and Potions. Buy your formulas early so you don't get destroyed later in the game. I went through with level 1 swallow and didn't even have that until about 15 hours in. Seriously do all the quests and if it tells you to make something MAKE IT!This game makes you think before you fight. I prepared for my werewolf fights by finding the ingredients to the cursed oils. Then I set up my potions, swallow and thunderbolt. After the very early first two you encounter I was prepared for the next ones, the harder ones. I thought about it how I would do it. ""I will dodge and then use my Igni hoping to light it ablaze. If not then when it jumps me I can roll backwards and throw a silver bomb which will hurt it badly. Igni will be back up and it should light it on fight but I will be able to land attacks in""There are some creatures that takes more preparation and knowledge. On the harder difficulties you won't be able to kill the big bad vampires unless you have fought the lesser, weaker ones. They help train you. Really it's about how many monsters you kill because with each one you kill, you learn their weakness. You learn what to do to prepare. You learn what types you need oils and what types not so much. (Trolls, elementals, gargoyles, so hard thankful I had oils)You need to use your full inventory pretty much. You need to use your knowledge, You need to use your Bestiary. Killing different types and named monsters increasingly help you by adding to your bestiary. Knowledge is key. There are a few books that actually help in that regard.Use ALL OF THE SIGNS!!!! Many of them are useful when going against large amounts of enemies. I used Axii more than Aard, Igni, Yrrd, or Quen when against a large group of humans that could easy chain kill me. I would Axii their halberd/spear/shield people and end them. Use your abilities and it's up to your creative mind how to do it. I have used Aard to take many of the enemy out to the ground so I could engage fewer foes.You won't be making a lot of money on PC. You don't have the exploits that PS4 and Xbox have. So Witcher Contracts and looting. Don't sell your alchemy or ore/ingots/crafting supplies. You need them.This game has by far the best crafting system in the entire history of crafting systems. There are hundreds of supplies. There are hundreds of ways to get the supplies if you count dismantling items. A lot of the rare items are FREAKING RARE! Dermitium or whatever the heck it is, IT IS HARD TO FIND! I RAN OUT! You need so many things for your higher tier gear it isn't funny. But it's part of the Witcher world.I spent so much time looking for diagrams for ingredients or ingredients that I found every mystery point in Velen and Novigrad. Every single one. I have no regrets. I found side quests that are more memorable than the main story line. I fought epic battles that was only overshadowed by boss fights in the main story. Some of them were far more dramatic and cool then the actual story fights.The choices I made I saw reflect throughout the entire game. This is the one and only game where I have cried because of choices I made. It made me frustrated, not because I couldn't win, but because I chose the right choices. I was a good person. I chose the right. I let the consequences follow. People died. Things happened. It frustrated me that in this world bad things happened to people I liked.The Character development is unmatched. It brings humanity to this world. Everything is grey save a few people. It makes me angry that I can't stop many of the things. Stop or change. I have emotionally invested in this world.There are very few fast travel points. This is so good. Many people will think it is a burden but it forces you to actually travel. You explore the world. There are not many quests that are forcing you to do this tedious tasks. Very few actually do.There are a plethora of Fetch quests that have been better than the plots to most games such as Dragon Age, Dragon age 2, Dragon Age inquisition, Skyrim, DOTA 2(<LoL is better by the way) and every quest is different. There is not a quest that plays out the same. Each is unique.Many of these little quests will impact the main story in immense ways. There has not ever been a better game with better quests. Ever. This has just set the bar with how an open world RPG should be made.This is one of the few games where the side characters you meet once and never again actually have personalities. You will have people putting up Witcher Contracts that are each unique and breath humanity into this game. Some of the most interesting people in this world were not the main story line people. They were the farmers, the guards, the soldiers. I liked quite a few of them.READ ALL OF THE DIALOGUE! PLEASE DO IT! PLEASE YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW IMPORTANT IT IS!Please let me tell you about the monsters. They are each different and fight completely separately. Trust me. Every creature plays differently. They each have their own personality. Bird, beast, Nekker, Drowner, Hag, Ogroid, Instecoid. Everything.It has it's own personality and will mess with your emotions.TLDR; Good combat, lots of unique quests and creatures. You can't be dumb and play hardest settings"
76561198051346853,Recommended,292030,27130031,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Elias,"'I'm a Witcher. Heard you wondering about my swords. Well, one's for monsters, the other - for humans.'- Geralt of Rivia--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------TLDWJust play the game. Its perfect. 10/10"
,Recommended,292030,23392754,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,love2kick,"Oh, i love The Witcher franchise. You hunt beasts, doing epic quests, beating scum and make love with some nice women, But when you walk thru Novigrad early morning one peasant YAWN LOWDLY IN YOUR EAR!And also this game is awesome in any aspect - graphics, quests, storyline, RPG elements, dialogs, everything is outstanding!"
,Recommended,292030,25790157,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,DeluZion,Nothing comes close to this game. It's the best RPG I have ever played- Beautiful story- Nothing feels repetitive- Easy to learn combat- Has new game+- Visual stunning beautifulHardest is to say goodbye to this game after finishing itI would recommend this game to everybody its a MUST play
76561198025492026,Recommended,292030,22166071,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Cinnamon Toast Crunk,"Let me start off by saying that this is one of if not the best game i have ever played. The graphics were beautiful the story was fantastic, and immersive i also love that they have kept with a lot of the same voice actors through out all three games. If you love RPG games with deep plot then do yourself a favor, and buy this game. Also Triss is best girl."
76561198040257934,Recommended,292030,22163250,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Aris Boch,"G'day GamersJust do yourself a favor and buy it. This is a well produced game with lots of content and well done story telling. The expansions are excellent (for a dlc it has far more content than alot of AAA games). I have very much enjoyed this game, and I can not wait to see what else CD Project Red can do.Aris"
76561198011100169,Recommended,292030,15941885,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,DraKKuLL,"Imagine a cross between: Skyrim ( big open world ), previous Witcher games ( lore ), Souls series ( Deep and fluid combat ) and Monster Hunter. Yeah, this is The Witcher 3.For me this is a masterpiece, and set a new standard for open world RPG.Do not allow this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥* about ""downgrade"" push you away from this amazing experience. In the first place, people whining about downgrade don't even are able to run the game with 1080p at 60fps, and the game already is the best looking game, period!10/10, and possible GOTY of 2015 ( still have to check the new Batman and MGS V )."
76561198034407824,Recommended,292030,15942702,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,^1John Henry™,Since Release on Thursday 19.05.2015 i got alot of Impressions.The Game for myself is awesome.I see alot of issues on forums because the graphics are bad or fps of 15.I can only talk for myself i play on 4k with all on ultra settings and have seen more worse optimized games in the past and actual but i`m pc only so i can`t make a compare to consoles because i`ve never played console games.So you may need high gear equip and you need to like RPG`s but it`s not Skyrim or DA:I and if you haven`t played TW1 and TW2 it`s probably not the Game your looking for.But as a Fan of TW1 and 2 and this Genre a 9/10 from me!
76561198110887171,Recommended,292030,15946501,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Anatrox,"Witcher 3. A few step's foward, some oddly, back.From 2 to 3 , the story became better , so did the graphic's , overall, way better then 2 , BUT. Sad things that are now gone,Meditation -> Foward time, no longer show's the charactert kneeling in the background and day moving foward in the background.Sitting and drinking potions in preparation for a battle. GoneGetting ready for a battle by acciring the proper potion, that would make the boss battle 10x cooler, Gone.Combat mechanics , Well no change there.Aside from that all good thing's , and you get to get in a another sorcerer pant's so thats always a nice welcome"
,Recommended,292030,28123961,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Apex The Messiah,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄The “Game Within A Game” Award
,Recommended,292030,25451864,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Quiznatodd Bidness,Should be considered the benchmark of RPGs moving foreward.
76561198139679588,Recommended,292030,30821816,Posted: 29 March,all,UmadAtaHologramBro?,GOTC
,Recommended,292030,19874941,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,dR ocTaGoN,"I'm going to start off by saying that I rate The Witcher 3 as one of the best games ever made, and I've been playing PC games for over 25 years so I don't make that statement lightly.I only have one gripe with the game so I'm going to get it out of the way first, and that's that there’s a major disparity in how useful the different skills are.As an example let's say you have a choice of three combat skills which are +5% fast attack damage, +5% strong attack damage or +2% crossbow critical chance.  The fast and strong attack options are going to be good depending on how you play, and putting points into one or the other will further sculpt your style of play down that path, so this feels organic and works well.  However because it’s a core part of witcher lore that witchers fight with swords, the crossbow does exactly f*ck all damage and is only used situationally for either bringing flying monsters back to ground, or for the limited situations where you need to fight underwater.  A crossbow attack takes about three times as long as a fast attack, and even a critical hit only does about 1/4 as much damage, so it's like going 'Oh dear what a tough decision I have, do I want the skill that turns Geralt into a 7 foot tall demi-god who eats rocks and sh*ts lightning bolts, or the one that allows him to p*ss his pants in the line for the bookstore?'Right. Moving on to the plethora of good things I have to say about the game; the writing is absolutely top notch.  I would put it slightly behind Planescape: Torment but on par with Baldur's Gate 2, which basically means top 5 of all time.  Everything from the dialogue between the main characters to the peasants grumbling about their peasanty bullsh*t feels natural and believable, and there's excellent voice acting to back it up.  Some of the conversations between Geralt and the emperor Emhyr var Emreis (voiced by Charles Danse who played Tywin Lannister in Game of Thrones) were so good they made me jump up and down in my chair.Witcher 3 is a huge game in terms of content and yet the quests are varied and interesting.  Rather than creating a 100 hour RPG with 80 hours worth of fetch quests CDPR have created a game where you'll genuinely feel like you’re part of the story and will consider the possible consequences before you act.Graphically the game is stunning, and although I'm not a huge one for graphics I'm surprised by how much the painstakingly constructed animations (particularly the facial animations) contribute to the how immersive the game is.The combat mechanics are great and from what I'm told they scale well with difficulty (I haven't played on the lower difficulties so I’m relying on second hand info).  It looks like they've used motion capture for a lot of the combat animations and it shows. If they haven’t then /mindblown.All of these things combine to make The Witcher 3 an extremely immersive and engaging RPG and a triumph of modern game design.  I haven't been this impressed by a game since Planescape: Torment and Baldur’s Gate 2.  Do yourself a favour and play it."
76561197990231939,Recommended,292030,27618346,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MrAzn²,1 of the best game ever!A must buy for every gamer !
,Recommended,292030,23215452,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Veronn IV,"Best game i have played so far. Catching story, beautiful all around! This game is simply amazing!"
,Recommended,292030,28153196,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,PrettyP1nk,"Amazing game. Looks great, feels great, but that isn't what makes this game the best open world game of all time. What makes it the best? It adresses all those little annoying things other games have. I'll list some of them below.Fallout 4: Have you ever wanted to scream at your npc buddy to get a move on? They're walking so slow, and you arn't even halfway there yet! The Witcher 3 has their npc's run at the same (or close to it) pace that you are going. Want to walk? Walk. Don't feel like waiting a year for the npc to walk there? Run there. One of my favroite features, hands down.Far Cry: Taking out bases loaded with bad guys can be fun, but grinding the same mission with just a few diffrences can be frustrating to say the least. Every open world game has to have some level of grinding, but at least the Witcher 3 does it a little diffrently. (I am adressing Witcher contracts) Each mission you take will have the same idea, find, track, kill, but due to the diffrent types of cretures you are fighting you are forced to take a diffrent approach each time. Which leads into the next point...Batman: Okay, you killed this guy with a punch to the back, not this guy has armor and won't die so time for a punch to the face oh wait that guy is protecting them I gotta take him out first yada yada yada it gets old. The Witcher 3 has potions and oils. Each creature fits into a certain catagory that has certain weaknesses. For example, one ghost like monster can become near invisible and then reappear behind you and hit you in the back. It can be hard to counter this. But, if you throw down a certain bomb, they can't transform into anything, or in other words that can't become invisible and preform a sneak attack. Because of the nature of the Witcher 3, you will usually only be facing one or more of the same cretures, so you don't need to do everything at once. Oils and potions arn't needed much in the game on lower diffiucutys, but on death march it is a must. You also leared ahead of time what you're facing, so you can prepare all you want.All games with poitions, gernades, c4, and any consumble weapon: Have you ever thrown a gernade only to wish you hadn't as it takes you five minutes or so to craft each one? In the Witcher 3, there is a feature where you meditate, and your health is restored. You do not need a bed, you just kneel on the ground, anywhere, anytime, as long as you arn't near monsters. If you used any of your equipped gernades, potions, etc, ALL of the ones you used will be refilled to the point that they were before you used them. This way, the game incorages you to use up your stock, making fighting using gernades much, much more fun.Grand Theft Auto 5: You really want to get somewhere, but you need a car. You call your mechanic and he says he'll deliver you your car. He takes a little while, but eventuly he gets to you. He parked on the other side of the road though, so you run across. Just as you do, a speeding npc hits you, and you instantly die. NEVER CALL YOUR MECHANIC AGIAN! Insted, press 'X' on your keyboard and Roach, the world's best horse, will magicly appear for you. This takes no longer than five secounds from pressing the key to mounting Roach. Best transport in any game ever.There are many, many more things in the game that I would love to talk about, but I really can't list everything. If you want to know more, look up YouTube videos or better yet, play the game. It's so very well done, and gets my highest respect. Do remember though, just because people love it, does not mean it doesn't have moments where you just want to rage quit. Every game will make you want to do that at times, so just stick with it. Happy hunting!-PrettyPink***UPDATE*** I just hit the 100 hour mark, and I gotta say, this is the fastest time it has ever taken me to rack up 100 hours from the day I bought the game. I'm still loving the game, and by doing a good amout of side quests, witcher contracts, and a few gear hunts, I'm about to finish the game on story and sword mode not including the dlcs. And, I've heard you should play them before finishing the main game, so I really still have a while ahead of me."
76561198299908246,Recommended,292030,30870506,Posted: 1 April,all,tejasgokakakar,The game is a masterpiece no doubt in it.With less than half the number of employees of rockstar games what cd projekt red has done is really commendable.Everything from the beginning to the end of the game has been perfectly polished and redefines the incredible genre of RPG. The best part of the game is that it perfectly handles and executes the game much above its hype which nowadays is a very rare thing to see in the video game industry.With the success of Witcher 3 CD projekt red has raised the bar of expectations for its upcoming game Cybepunk 2077.CD Projekt Red has created a gaming icon-Geralt of Rivia who will never be forgotten may it be in the field of RPG's or in the gaming industry as whole.
76561198065443008,Recommended,292030,33234628,Posted: 4 July,all,Bärlatsch,Certainly one of the best RPG's (and games in general) ever made. 10/10
,Recommended,292030,23254335,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Oloremo,One of the best games ever made.
,Recommended,292030,23264159,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Earwig,"It's difficult to fault an experience as rich as this.The Witcher 3 is an expansive game, throwing the player into a world filled with lore, loot, a range of quests and monsters to kill.Monster hunting is great, using the beastiary to assess the potions, bombs and oils you will need to handle the situation.You will also be solving mysteries using your witcher senses.While the combat may feel easier than The Witcher 2 this is because it's less frustrating and more fluid.There's an in-depth alchemy system using herbs and monster remains, as well as detailed armour and weapon crafting.Not to mention the entire Gwent side game.Even for people who aren't the biggest fantasy fans I think you will enjoy this game.I took me 80-100 hours on normal to beat the base game and the Hearts of Stone expansion is massive. With Blood and Wine to be longer (30 hours)."
76561198075199450,Recommended,292030,15998277,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Quaniel™,"In my own personal opinion and after played a couple of RPGs single or online I strongly believe that Witcher 3 is the best RPG in this time period and in the top 5 RPGs ever. strongly recoment it to Hardcore and softcore players as well, also to new RPG players.Its hard enough for those who prefer it rough or easy enough for new-comers or casual players."
,Recommended,292030,16098184,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,ThesaurusPG,"100 hours into this game, I can definitely say that this is the best RPG I've ever played. The game's storyline is not only extraordinarily captivating, but also superbly presented. Also, the atmosphere in this game is one-of-a-kind. It may sound exaggerated, but some side quests have more depth than the main story of Skyrim. Additionally, the card game gwent is highly addictive.10/10 would grow Geralt's beard out again."
,Recommended,292030,27019740,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Neoyoshi,"I lost a crap load of my Social life to this game, and i still have not experienced a fraction of what it has to offer."
76561198030255700,Recommended,292030,16003071,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,kanuti,"Holy hanging balls.It's the child of Skyrim and Dark Souls.10/10Get it now, please.You can buy women. (hint hint)"
,Recommended,292030,20998342,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Sym,What a god damn masterpiece.The first game that I have ever sat through the entire credits just listening to the music and reflecting on how the story went for me. Incredible game.9.9/10
,Recommended,292030,15973183,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Lionel Messi,Definitely worth playing =)(There are so beautiful SweetFX presets for this game <3)
,Recommended,292030,23308244,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,nut,"An oddly enthralling experience, even if my PC can only run it at 15 fps..."
,Recommended,292030,30698789,Posted: 23 March,all,John Battman,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. I don't have way with words but this just too amazing.Pros:+The story was very interesting.+The animation was on point.+Ciri+The ♥♥♥♥♥+Yennefer+Combat is definitely enganging.+The DLC+Talking RoachCons:-Triss (that ♥♥♥♥♥)-my pcAll in all, I give this game 9.9/10"
,Recommended,292030,27136219,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sannan75,"Simply the best game I've played in the last 10 years, it feels so complete, so well thought out. 120+ hours in, playing through the amazing DLC's now and fully intend to restart immediately after using new game+, just an incredible experience on every level."
,Recommended,292030,25559700,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Merlotmanick,"My all-time favorite game, along with my all-time favorite DLC.People say nothing is perfect but this game honestly pushes that aside.Worth every cent for the game and DLC's and for whatever cost it takes to upgrade your rig to play"
76561197993715865,Recommended,292030,30831360,Posted: 30 March,all,The_Pike,"Well, I thought Skyrim was a 9.9/10 kinda game, but Witcher 3 makes it seem more of an 8/10 now.Aside from a few bugs (graphics in cutscenes mainly) and the riding of Roach (the horse) being a bit odd, I really think this is a fantastic game:- Captivating Story- Gorgeous scenery- Engaging combat system- Character Development unlike any other- Finally a game that makes me want to craft and use Alchemy without being some uber-nerd for it.GOTY Edition for £17 - Stop reading and start spending."
76561198141690948,Recommended,292030,19095910,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,<<<o>>>,This game is just amazing. 90+ hours and i dont regret 1 min of it :D
,Recommended,292030,27883917,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,(ง ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง ᶠᵘᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ  ☠,BEST GAME iVE EVER PLAYED!
,Recommended,292030,32607242,Posted: 20 June,all,NoahGotStyle,"This game is the best RPG game i've played in my life and one of my favorite games. You can do so much stuff.You learn a lot throughout the whole game.The athmosphere is amazing, if you're like me you would love this game immediately!and like me i take a lot of pictures in this game, cuz i love taking pictures in real life. Makes it more fun to play the game when you find nice photograph spots n♥♥♥♥♥♥like that. Story is good, The quality is good, Combat is good, this game is perfect, i recommend this game for those who likes RPG and Combat and a good storyline.HF playing!"
76561198031762132,Recommended,292030,33147130,Posted: 2 July,all,Tivios,perfect game for those who love RPG with a long and deep story. i have i this game over 100 hrs and i still have stuff to do with out DLC's
,Recommended,292030,33132313,Posted: 2 July,all,Desperado,ONE OF THE BEST GAMES EVER MADE.10/10
,Recommended,292030,17534107,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Ahab,"If you don't own this game, then ♥♥♥♥ you."
,Recommended,292030,19477967,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Athlon,10/10 GOTY
,Recommended,292030,28711070,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,CDunks,A Masterpiece10/10
76561197985459797,Recommended,292030,25171133,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,AnderZ EL,Best RPG ever if aliens exist no way they have anything that come close to the witcher series!Grafics 10/10Sound 10/10Storry 10/10Voice acting 9/10World 10/10Art style 10/10i can go on for EVER this is a MUST buy if you enjoy any kind of RPG games!
76561198097989542,Recommended,292030,15989579,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,xkroex,just buy this game don't think about it just buy it.
,Recommended,292030,15987741,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,King Insane™,"71 Hours in and not even close to end the first chapter/act but overall the BEST RPG i have played in my entire life! an instant classic.Not only have i not run into ANY fetch quest at all but every quest be it side or main or just a treasure hunt delivers deep storytelling and A grade voice acting. Where most games these days just put in some generic lines and send you to cave a to retrieve item b and rewards you with some xp this game does quite the opposite. You're not going to do sidequests to just level up but to overall improve every aspect of your gear like bombs, oils, potions and more, aquired via schematics tied to a very deep crafting system wherein every item in the game as trivial as it seems at first becomes useful.Furthermore this game delivers  top notch story telling in every aspect, be it the music, voice acting or overall writing even the tiniest side mission is more entertaining than most games main narrative. You start to care what is happening to the world and characters around you while you yourself decide what happens next.Consequences EVERYWHERE some might be minor some major but you'll never know who might come back later to bite you in the butt. Sometimes it takes hours and hours until some character from an early side mission shows up and completely changes the outcome of some other side quests or even parts of the main story. Those consequences splinter into smaller ripples as you go on and you'll feel the effect of every single one of them as you play.The combat system in my opinion (playing on the highest difficulty level) at first might give you the impression that it's just poor old ""more health for monsters, more damage for monsters"" BUT as you go you actually learn the depths of the whole system coming together when you figure out certain monsters weaknesses, movement and attack patterns you quickly learn that every bit of damage you take and every death is actually your own fault by not fully utilizing your tools and movement. Has it flaws? maybe but for me with all of it's features and different variations and play styles, from focusing on bombs, using the right oils or even utilizing your crossbow it has a wider range then just ""click LM to attack hold RM to block"" what most people think it's all about. For lower difficulty levels that might be true but as the higher ones go you have to learn  and eventually master it if you want to get better at the game.The graphics? Well you can certainly take a look at my screenshots and convince yourself of this games beauty. Do i care about a downgrade? not really, do i think it's okay to downgrade to make the most profit? from a customers standpoint i'd say no but i seriously don't care about the graphics as much as the story or the game's general content. But one thing is certain, the overall artstyle  and general use of it's graphics engine makes this again one of the if not THE most immersive RPG i have played.If you're curious about my system after looking at some of my screenshots here you go:I7-4790k @4,4ghzRadeon xfx R9 280x 3GB16GB DDR3 1600 RAM.I run the game at around 50-60 fps with minor drops to 45 in big cities with a native 1080p monitor setup. This however might have something to do with my HDD, if you're using a SSD your experience might differ. However do notice i disabled hairworks, motion blur, blur and depth of field due to personal preference. Everything else is maxed to ultra/high (personal preference tbh) The shadow quality doesn't really make a difference between high/ultra and can save you some fps unless you stand still and want to do screenshots there is no difference you'd notice while playing.But even those minor fps drops don't really affect anything in the game, disable fraps or whatever you use to see your current framerate while playing and you won't notice the drops at all unless it's going up and down constantly. Another plus are the loading screens which, even on my HDD are no longer than 3-5 seconds (never saw a tool-tip or anything, just the typical story wrap-up during loading)One more note though, one of the things people don't seem to notice are the AMAZING facial expressions. More often than not was i amazed by this games lively characters and that certainly gives the story another bonus on top of it's exceptionally good writing.So let's summarize:- Amazing Story telling and facial expressions- Outstanding writing and quest design- A Grade voice acting and immersive sound design- Beautiful art design and overall graphics.- it NEVER get's boring, after 71 hours i feel like there is still so much more to explore/do and experience i can't wait to play some more- REAL Consequences and effects on the world - no pretend consequence that lead to the same outcome - every Playthrough WILL be different!- 200+ hours of content without any of it being repetitive- Best quest side-quests to date!To finish this long review: There is a new king on the throne and that one sits to stay for a long while!The Witcher 3: Wild hunt definitely deserves the title of a true Masterpiece. For every little bug or small graphical weirdness, you'll run into 10 times the quality content that makes up for the few bugs you might encounter. I could probably write a lot more about this game without any spoilers or go in depth into some of it's deeper aspects but i'll let you guys explore this yourself.A 10/10 in my book. This game will change the way how RPGs are being measured in the future. Never listen to people crying and ♥♥♥♥♥ing about this game in the forums or on articles on the internet. Do youself a favor and buy this game, you will not regret it. Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,292030,15936109,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Comrade Pierre Tru-Dank ☭,"Probably one of the best RPGs out there, the combat is fun, the story is great, the world is massive as well as being very immersive and deep, there is a ton of substance to the world. There are tons of things to do and explore, there are tons of quests and side quests which are all very unique and non repetitive.  The graphics are beautiful even though some textures are not the sharpest, the world still looks beautiful. I recommend this game to any one who is a player of RPGs and who (like me) has been disappointed by the lack of good quality RPG games lately (seems like before this, the last good RPG that ever came out was Skyrim). Also, in the game you can also stare at Yennefer's♥♥♥♥♥ so there's that."
76561197995282423,Recommended,292030,16031485,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Mormon_Jesus,BEST RPG i have played in  LONG! Time like baldurs gate 2  we are talking here.  55 hours just to the main quest! and i could still hundreds of hours of exploring. everything about the story of this game was spot on!!!! the ending were ♥♥♥♥ing perfect! everything about this game is perfect! worth every cent! hands down!  other companies out there making RPG's take notes THIS IS HOW YOU MAKE A GOOD RPG!!!!! holy♥♥♥♥♥♥can't wait for  expansions! for real no joke if you want a game worth its salt this is it!!!
,Recommended,292030,16042627,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,TheMightyBuffalo,"Hands down the best game I have ever experienced in all my days of gaming. I mean it's all here: vast and gorgeous open world filled to the brim with neat little side quests and things to do; absolutely fantastic storyline and the story telling is so utterly epic and climactic; loads of interesting and beautifly created characters with deep backgrouds, some coming straight from the books; extensive lore that's told not only in the various books scattered throughout the world and in the dialogue, but in the real-life books aswell. There seems to be some debate over the combat system of the game that it is a dodge/hit type of system and while i can't really disagree with that, I have to say that there is more interesting ways to use the combat system that makes it more fun and interesting, using counters, potions, and spells concurrently is what ive been doing, I just like to think of it as a very simple combat system that can be used differently in most cases. All in all I'm giving this game a 10/10, I can't say it's a perfect game, but it comes god damn close, and not many games can say that."
,Recommended,292030,16091070,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,SirSleepzAlot,RAG DOLL EFFECT 10/10
,Recommended,292030,16130648,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Kreidebleich,"Well what should i say, it probably is the most well programmed game i have played in the last few years and yes it has got a downgrade but to be honest: WHO THE HELL CARES ? It still looks great and I'm gonna play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it for sure, so thank you CD Projekt RED for the best game i have ever played.10/10"
76561198094254197,Recommended,292030,16021751,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Ken,"Damn this game is awesome!If you're the type of person who loves a great story, then this game is for you.Soo much things to do!"
,Recommended,292030,19462113,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,tixon_it,12/10 best game ever
,Recommended,292030,20069061,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Palilly,"Witcher 3 is a masterpiece... It's not good, or extremely well done, it is a one in a lifetime experience. You really just want to run after every stranger on the street grab their shoulder and tell them about it."
,Recommended,292030,17149453,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,steef,"It feels like Skyrim and Mass Effect had a baby.Skyrimesque theme for the world but the richness and depth and impact your interactions have feels like ME. The combat is better than Skyrim and very fun but still a little clunky. Dodge roll FTW.One additional thing that has made it special is that a good portion of the monsters and world is unique. Sure there are Werewolves and Dragons, but there are also all kinds of weird things, Water Hags and Bogmonsters and things.^First Impressions after ~20hrs. If you love RPGs and need something to hold you over until Fallout 4, grab it for sure!!A very solid 9.2/10. HYPNOTOAD APPROVES!"
76561198028608825,Recommended,292030,17167978,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Zoydex,this game is really epic i enjoyed every single quest in the game !Moreover the graphic and the environment of the game is epic !I i highly recommend  it to anyone who love to try a game with real fun !
76561198037123939,Recommended,292030,17212472,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,$150M,Holy Moly this game is good.
76561198072597017,Recommended,292030,18263963,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,BmoreBraap,"Where to even start....to put it simply, this game is a masterpiece. The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is without a doubt one of the best RPGs ever made.An absolutely MASSIVE open-world made up of 2 huge main areas and several smaller areas that give you a nice variety of scenery & cultures in each area. All of which are littered with TONS of activities and side quests that are just as well written as the main sotryline. The combat is deep, engaging and very well animated(great executions) and consists of ranged, melee and magic. All can be upgraded several levels which unlock new skills and abilites that give you a new effect or animation. There are hundreds of armor sets and weapons that are all highly detailed and a ton of fun to collect and upgrade.The dialouge choices and consequences from your actions in this game are something truly special, the likes of which I have not seen in a game since the Mass Effect series. Almost every single quest in the game has unique different endings(as well as the game itself) and ALL conversations have several different dialouge branches that allow you to choose what type of Witcher you will be(good/bad).And ontop of all that, the graphics are absolute top notch and are hard to rival on the PC if you have a higher end rig to run at max.I did not have the chance to play the previous 2 Witcher games before Wild Hunt and it was still very easy to follow to storyline and catch up on the lore. Although if you have the time, I would imagine the characters and story will have even more meaning if you played through the first 2.To sum it up, if you have ANY interest in RPGs or immersive beautiful fantasy worlds full of deep rich lore and great characters, this is a no brainer. 10/10"
,Recommended,292030,17076080,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Mito,One of the best Games ive ever played.
,Recommended,292030,16017853,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Dr. Kushenstein's Monster,"i had low expectations going into this game, i didnt really care much for the first 2 games. but damn i really love this one.the world is beautiful (esp the skies omg) even after the ""downgrade"". the story is great, keeps me playing for hours. keep getting distracted by exploring and side quests and realize 5 hours have passed and i havent eaten yet.  the combat is fun, the quests are all awesome, lots of things to craft, always discovering new crafting recipes tucked away in caves or tree stumps. The only bad thing about it was the controls were a little weird at first but ive gotten used to it.theres just so much stuff hidden out in the world to find.Great game, pick it up, worth full price imo.9.5/10 for me. might just be my game of the year."
,Recommended,292030,16023362,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,nkmloh89,"Epic game, epic soundtrack, simply epic :)"
,Recommended,292030,25818538,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Ekrah,"Amazing, best game ever made. The atmosphere is amazing, the world is extremely lively with tons of in depth missions. The characters are all unique and interesting. Story is spot on, everything ties together perfectly.Decisions you make impact the world and characters severely. I bought this game twice and have completed it three times, third time managing a 100% completion. Hundreds of hours to entertain you with in depth, meaningful content.Every game developer should take a break, sit down and complete The Witcher 3. The Witcher 3 shames almost all games and several developers, a true masterpiece which has set a huge standard for gaming.CD Projekt Red were a small indie company which not many knew of, yet they managed to create a game so amazing it was able to get GOTY 2015, over 800 awards (most awarded game in history) and ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" on the base game and it's expansions. CD Projekt Red outdid themselves and deserve applause.The fact that you can purchase the base game for only $25 (the price of a movie ticket) during a sale is amazing. The best $25 you will ever spend. Even buying this game twice I still feel as though I scammed the developers and should have paid way more for the game.The Witcher 3 will make you laugh, cry and feel warm inside. After playing this game almost all other games will seem extremely dull and plain.I recommend purchasing the Expansion Pass, as you will inevitably purchase it if you play the base game. It offers two expansions. Hearts of Stone which tells an interesting and twisted tale and offers up to 10 hours of additional, in depth content. The other expansion is Blood and Wine which is a massive addition and adds a entirely new, jaw dropping, beautiful new region.The Witcher 3 is by far one of the best games ever created and deserves the price tag. Strongly recommend this game over everything on Steam."
,Recommended,292030,23306613,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Просто добавь воды,"Стоит того, что бы узнать ""историю ""чучела Единорога""!10/10"
76561198032102126,Recommended,292030,19298221,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,dwhansen777,"I've been playing computer games since the days of DOS 4.0  Having completed Witcher 3 with 325 hours of play time, I can say its is one of my 5 top all time games in 30+ years of PC gaming!  Every aspect of the game was outstanding.  I played with the ultima graphic settings using Win 7 and NEVER had a crash...plot...pacing...meaniful side quests...consequences of actions...character development...etc. were all top notch.Ranks with the Ultima series 4-7...Mass Effect 2 and 3...Planescape:Torment... and Starflight 1 and 2 as my all time favorite experiences.98/100 final rating."
,Recommended,292030,16606340,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Mustard Jelly,"This game is Epic, the best witcher game hands down.The story is very well written, the characters are incredible and stunning to look at, you can actualy read the emotions on their face.I have played for nearly 140 hours and did not get bored once, there is so much content. The sidemissions are also very well written, no stupid fetch quests.5 stars out of 5!""Above was my original review when the game came out in 2015. Now in 2017 i can honestly say that this game is a classic that will be remembered for a long time and sets the bar for future RPG's. Baldurs Gate 2 (also a brilliant classic) was my favorite game for a long long time but now shares it throne with this absolute gem of game. CD project RED is the Steven Spielberg of Game Dev's, this company threats is player base like kings, free DLC, great expansions, no DRM, i just hope they keep this up with their future game Cyberpunk 2077."""
76561198089216891,Recommended,292030,20069278,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,BK-201,I cant get to play this game cuz of my poor computer but I'm not gonna delete this game!! I havent even played it yet but im a huge fan of The Witcher series and ill get the money to buy better graphics card! Not even gonna look at the game play of any damn youtuber out there.
76561197987156433,Recommended,292030,22092114,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,MEC,Wish I could wipe my memory so I could go through all of this again.Buy this.. Now.
,Recommended,292030,19421398,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Combocookie [BE] Hail GabeN,I wasn't sure if I would buy this game for 30 euros. Now I already think it's better than fallout 4. Such a beautiful game.
,Recommended,292030,32994151,Posted: 29 June,all,The Mayor,"I am only 40 hours into this game, only, and I have hundreds of more to go. I love this game and I objectivly was not a fan of the first two Witcher games. I found them good, solid games, but uninteresting and formulaic. This game though? Amazing, just amazing. It's sprawling, beautiful, scary, sexy and diverse. You go from generic ASOIAF type war torn medieval lands with poor everyone, burnt out cities and somber people to sun lit, money tossing, gwent playing to so much more inbetween. I was looking for a game like this since I put down Skyrim for good, and this fills that void and so much more. There isn't much to say but play this, play it, love it, and be thankful we live in a time when games can be this good."
76561198162410724,Recommended,292030,33235663,Posted: 4 July,all,biggieliten,Probably the best singleplayer game ever.
,Recommended,292030,15936539,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,wew,"First off, I would recommend playing Witcher 2. So many returning characters and being able to import your save for your story decisions as well as understanding the story a lot better.One of the best games I've played in my lifetime, there has been no game I've played with a better story. The story makes you feel so much empathy towards other characters, there are some moments that you will cry, laugh, and fell guilty. This game also has choices of dialog that will effect the story, the choices can really impact the stories pacing and even turn around the main plot. The gameplay is excellent, it's hard to find a game that's difficult yet very rewarding. killing basic enemies is easy, but the boss monsters are right at dark souls difficulty. This is open world too, but don't expect the freedom of Skyrim, the game relies more on story than freedom which I think is a fair trade. As much as I love this game, I must say it's not exactly perfect but close, because too many bugs hinder this game. There are a TON of bugs, but nothing ground breaking as far as I know. even though there has also been a lot of debates on the downgrade, I still think this game looks jaw dropping gorgeous. All the little details in the cities, and interiors. The scale of this game is amazing, I praise you CDPR for spending all your time on this masterpiece and hope to see more."
,Recommended,292030,15934318,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,jaeger,"A lot of negative reviews cite bugs/crashes, poor graphics, and clunky PC controls. While some grievances may be true, they are not as detracting as some reviewers make it out to be.I have crashed a couple times, but since my second crashed I lowered the graphic settings and I no longer crashed (and then I got a second 980 and pumped this up to ultra and enjoy it's breath taking visuals in buttery smooth 60 FPS.) Quicksaving is readily available in this game (F5) so a crash should not set you back that far if it happens. This game is MASSIVE. I am not surprised that it has crashed twice.I'd like to see the graphics everyone thinks this game would have/was going to be shipped with, since on ultra the game looks amazing. This hands down the most visually striking game in my large library.The controls are not bad, they take some getting use to. Once I got used to the Keyboard + Mouse control scheme I fell in love with it. People say it is clunky and unresponsive, for me it feels like I am actually in control of a body not a ninja on skates. There is a back swing to every attack, a period of wind up before the blade travels forward into the faces of your enemy, just as it would be if someone were to actually swing a sword. It leaves you open to counters if you are caught using the wrong move or continuation. Learning the distance of your blade and how to keep it with rolls and jukes is important to your survival.The beginning area/noob land (White Orchard) does feel a bit fetchy, but that's because you are basically fetching. You're level 1 and everything kicks your♥♥♥♥♥ Keep your head down and cut your teeth as the game feeds you how to excel and enjoy its armor crafting, sword smithing, monster slaying, recipe collecting, alchemy brewing, melee fighting, magical signing, crossbowing, bomb-throwing, skill treeing, fist fighting, card playing, woman ♥♥♥♥ing, role playing extravaganza."
76561198101362986,Recommended,292030,15935613,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,bhatz829,"I was never really into the witcher games all that much. But this one really seems to tickle my fancy. So far, it is much more addicting than most RPGs. And I am a big RPG fan! There are a few bugs here and there, but nothing that interferes with the gameplay too much. Stuff like, the GPS giving you a path that goes way out of the way. But it still shows you the main location to go, It's easy to figure out a better route on your own. Sometimes the controls are a bit buggy while walking around. I got stuck walking over a piece of wood. Would also be nice if the horse jumped over low objects. But overall...great game! VERY ADULT ORIENTED! Not recommended for children!!"
,Recommended,292030,16053742,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,WittyBanter,"What can I say, what can I say. This is truly a masterpiece of a game, and I’m not referring to the rigged IGN reviews. This game is so rich in its story and open world. The fact that people say that the combat system is crap does the game no good. Yes I do agree that the combat system can be a spamathon sometimes but there is a deep and knowledgeable combat system in the sense of the oils and potions you brew in preparations to each fight. Each monster is truly unique and are even better if you are slightly under-levelled. Each huge monster that you face (which can occur in the wild) are like boss fights and you learn them. You learn how they attack, defend and ultimately what there weak to. There are only a handful of monsters the game tells you what they are weak to and you essentially wing it from there making the monster fights that little greater and much tenser. Now the quests, the main story line quests you could say drag on a fair bit in some cases but the game rewards you for the hardship you undertook. The characters are amazingly written and have there only unique quirks and great voice actors making them believable. Then there is Ciri, The star of the show you may say. Probably the most and believable character, and definitely the best wrote. I won’t spoil too much but the ending of this game is incredible. Secondary quests are also imaginatively written to the extremes of (Spoiler Alert!!!) a plot to kill the king which effects the games ending drastically. Of cause there will be fetch quests but that is the nature of RPGs.In conclusion 10/10 would save Ciri againEdit* Now having completed both DLCs i can firmly say that The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt is my favourite game of all time (Seriously you can check my profile desription if you wish) and i would easily reccomend this game to anyone in a heartbeat if they are prepared for the heatwarming yet dark tale that is The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt (And the DLCs)"
,Recommended,292030,17162849,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Archon,"One of the best games and the best series ever made, hope there's Witcher 4 :DWitcher was EnhancedWitcher 2 was SUPERIORWitcher 3 is Mastercraftedwell I guess the DLCs are gandmaster eh ?"
76561198048080861,Recommended,292030,29928472,Posted: 14 February,all,Gilford The Brütal Legend [DFS],"Truly an amazing experience. The Witcher 3 is by far one of the best Triple A singleplayer games I have ever had the pleasure of playing through and I am beyond glad I decided to play it.I have never before decided to play a Witcher game, this game however really did catch my eye with how everyone even to this day keep talking about it as one of the best games ever made, some go even beyond that. And so I decided to find out for myself if it was true.The Witcher 3 is an open world action-adventure fantasy similar to Skyrim with an amazing story and great gameplay and absolutely BEAUTIFUL visuals that are beyond anything I've ever seen.The gameplay, mostly being the combat in Witcher 3 is really impressive, it focuses on knowing your enemy's weakness and using it to your advantage in ways that vary depend on who you face. Layered in such a way that while it seems complex, once you learn your enemy's patterns it's as simple as that.The one aspect of gameplay and story I would like to praise CD Project Red for is making it so choices actually matter, yes, something that not even Telltale can manage to pull off quite so well. Your choices determine whether you get a better ending or a worse one. A total of 16 different endings with varied results on multiple subjects and even more on the two expansion packs.Length should last you about as much as it did mine. Around 80 hours provided you decide to play the game for all of its worthwhile content, also worth mentioning that the sidequests in this game have a real impact on the story which actually motivates you to play about all of them.Of course, this game being the 3rd installment, if you're like me and you plan on playing this, you may want to do yourself the favor of watching some quick recaps on previous games, or if you'd feel inclined play them for your own experience.All in all. I really enjoyed the Witcher 3, by far one of the best open world games I've ever played. Pick it up as soon as you can. 10/10."
,Recommended,292030,21578912,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,redsoul41,"A FITTING END FOR THE TALE OF THE WHITE WOLFReview - The Witcher 3: Wild HuntRole-playing games have always been one of the most engrossing game genres this past years. With Dragon Age Inquisition taking 2014's Game of the Year. This year another RPG game takes the crown in the name of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. A lot of RPG games have very great stories and presentations but no other game redefines the genre itself than The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a massively open-world, action RPG game. Following the events of The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings, the player once again takes the role of Geralt of Rivia. With his memories restored, Geralt now begins his search for his lover, Yennefer of Vengenburg. Their reunion would then lead to another search but this time, they'll be looking for the Child of Prophecy, Ciri. But finding Ciri is not the only thing the witcher should worry about as The Wild Hunt itself is also in pursuit of her.PRESENTATION - GRAPHICS: 10/10 MUSIC/SOUNDTRACK: 10/10The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt features a massive open world that removing the HUD can actually get you lost in a few minutes. The game's world is so engrossing that just following the main roads isn't enough. Drifting away from the main path is tempting especially for those who love to explore, as the game offers a lot of things to be discovered whether it's a bandit camp, a nest of monsters or better yet, some hidden treasures. The game also features a day and night cycle that largely affects not just how much can Geralt see through the dark but also some quests that requires to be done at at a certain point of the day.Like the first 2 witcher games, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt brings back its traditional way of having conversations with NPCs and other important characters. Some of them, however, requires the player to make a choice quickly as there will be certain points in the game that responses will have time limits. The game has very much improved on this part as compared to The Witcher 2 because the characters now show more emotion whenever they deliver their dialogues and how they react to what you have to say. It has also improved the game's graphics adapting a more brighter and more lively appearance compared to The Witcher 2's dark and serious graphics.STORY - 9.5/10The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt's story is weaker compared to what The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings has offered. But what pulls The Witcher 3 apart from other RPG games is the content of its sidequests. The Witcher 3 has a lot of sidequests scattered across the world map and each sidequest will always have a story of its own and a grueling decision for players to make. As how Witcher games go, being a hero is not always the answer and sometimes you have to choose well which is the lesser evil. The way The Witcher 3 challenges players to make difficult choices is one of its strong points as each choice carries its own consequence that may somehow affect other quests. The Witcher 3 has redefined what a sidequest really means to a game and that not only the main quest should have a solid storyline. After all, it's the sidequests that actually let's you know more of the game's world.GAMEPLAY - 10/10The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt has also improved the game's combat system making it more fluid and elegant. A lot of players complain about the game's combat system but they somehow fail to see that this is an RPG game and you are playing as a witcher and not a swordsman who just hacks and slashes though everything. The combat system adapts to a witcher's fighting style. Monster battles are very unique in The Witcher 3 as there will be times that you need to prepare first before going for the kill as there are certain monsters that require you to use oils on your blades and drink potions and decoctions for additional status affects. The game's world is very unforgiving because even if you have a very high level, the player will still be prone to death whether they battle a low level monster or not. Despite such, the game doesn't prevent players from great challenges. Quests are labeled with what recommended level should the player pursue each one but you are still allowed to take it even if you're a lot of levels below the recommended level though a skull mark on a quest means certain death.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt also features a skill tree that will depend on what the player's preferred fighting style is. Whether you fight more with your blades or with signs or both depends upon the character build you make. The game also features fast travel points but with how unpredictable the The Witcher 3's world is, I somehow rarely used it since there are a lot of surprise/sudden events that occur in towns or on the road.I already finished the main game for over 100 hours yet there are still tons of things to do. Aside from hunting monsters, there are also treasure hunts that can help you acquire better and stronger witcher gears. There are also fist fights and horse racing but my favorite one is the Gwent card minigame. What's more is that upcoming expansions will then add more content into the game though it'll be not relevant to the main questline.PROS:+ Great graphics+ Great soundtrack/Voice acting+ Sidequests are full of content+ Choices matter+ Beard growthCONS:- Some minor open world bugs- Weak main storyOVERALL - 9.8/10The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a MUST play. If you're looking for a game that's full of story content then look no further. I recommend this game to those who enjoy open-world/action/RPG games and to big Witcher fans out there. Whether you choose to romance Yennefer or Triss or both, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is no doubt one of the best games in 2015!"
76561198054997553,Recommended,292030,17257670,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Reljadin,"Honestly the best RPG I have ever played in my entire life.-The game just has so much depth to it, the story is amazing. Even the side quests make you want to know what happens next in contrary to side quests in other RPG's where they are just a bore but you have to do them for leveling or something. Mymomloves to watch me play because of the story, she says it's so well written that she prefers watching me play this instead of watching a TV series.-Combat is by my opinion close to flawless for a medieval third-person RPG. There are so many ways to defeat your opponents and it is extremely fun but yet so diverse and skill-based, esspecialy on higher difficulties, and maintainsto provide a challenge.-The graphics arebeautiful.Full stop.-The world itself is very detailed and actually make you feel like it is alive. It makes you feel like you are in a real dark fantasty world. Killing monsters in overrun villages makes the people repopulate the village allowing you access to blacksmiths/armoreurs/merchants etc.-Taking Witcher contracts actually requires preparation (assuming you are the appropriate level). For instance, I tried killing a level 6 monster when I was level 3. I tried to killed it but I was demolished. I loaded a save game and read the info in the beastiary log for that certain monster and prepared everything that I needed to kill the monster. It actually worked but it was still a very tough battle. It makes you feel like you are aREAL WITCHER.-I never RP'ed like this in my entire life. For a guy who read a few Witcher books, making it visual and playable, is like a dream come true. Though The Witcher 1 and 2 were amazing for their time this game just stands out.-I haven't finished the game but I have so many hours on it because both my dad and I are playing on different save games. Even though he doesn't speak English well he enjoys the game but I still have to translate some stuff to him. He says this game brings him a lot of joy because he works all day and when he comes back late at night he can't wait to play.Conclusion:I r8 8/8 m8 it is gr8."
,Recommended,292030,32898484,Posted: 27 June,all,RayZ,Worth every cent and more.
,Recommended,292030,16009805,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,GUNSLINGERN7,"A Dark Fantasy RPG with  Absolutely stunning graphics , The fight system is challenging. The Story is compelling and well thought out. If you are a fan of The Witcher Series then this is a must have game. I have been a fan for years i have read the Witcher Novels & the games tie in seamlessly. The world is massive I spend alot of time just riding around exploring and   doing side quests . There is so much to do in the game I'm 24 hours into the game and i haven't made it very far I really believe there is over 100hrs of gameplay. If You are a Witcher Fan this game is worth every penny. If your not a Witcher fan then you need to be ."
,Recommended,292030,32883880,Posted: 27 June,all,Trey,"This game is better than Skyrim, in my opnion."
76561198042130207,Recommended,292030,19025988,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,ArmlessGirl,"Beautiful game, shame it's the end of story."
76561198042214306,Recommended,292030,26174917,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Atticus,Yes
,Recommended,292030,30893016,Posted: 1 April,all,Lvchaos,"I've heard great stories about this game, and they were true. All of them."
,Recommended,292030,31039675,Posted: 9 April,all,Darkseid is.,wind's howling
,Recommended,292030,31313253,Posted: 22 April,all,Fluzzyy,"This is easily one of the greatest RPGs I have ever played. The characters and quests (yes, even (especially) the sidequests) are interesting and and different from eachother, the world feels vivid and alive, the story is interesting all the way from the beginning to the end (all ends). The combat is engaging and challenging, and the game doesn't force you to work through a lot of extra filler-content. CD Projekt RED really nailed it with this one, and set a milestone for other companies to work towards.10/10 fell in love with the franchise."
,Recommended,292030,31722961,Posted: 13 May,all,LadyGrace,"Meant to play it casually, ended up consuming my life - 10/10"
76561198044212009,Recommended,292030,34215913,Posted: 13 August,all,boodazen,Seriously one of the best games I've ever played.
76561198063050553,Recommended,292030,30760023,Posted: 26 March,all,BryanTehHero,"The worst thing about this game is when it ends.The best RPG in years no questions. CDPR raised the bar for every game to come.Bought it when It came to pc, bought it when it was on the ps4. No game is perfect but this game is close."
,Recommended,292030,33962777,Posted: 1 August,all,Fsihy,Played this game for three weeks and ended up racking up approximately 180 hours from start to finish.I regret nothing.
,Recommended,292030,34503176,Posted: 26 August,all,ZED,"Game of the year. More like game of theCentury.Pros:-Awesome Beards and Haircuts-Dialogues that will probably change your storyline-Awesome storyline-Badass Fights.-GRAPHICS!!!-Roach-Gwent-Boat-Obi-Wan spells-CUTSCENES!!! Lots of cutscenes!-Hot Ladies-Crafting swords, armor, glyphs ...-""Show me your wares""-""I hate portals*-DLCs that are larger than the actual main game and that aren't expensive-Witcher Contracts-Awesome looking sets of armor and swords-Breast$, A$$ and $EX-Great Voice acting-Great Music-Meditation-Alchemy-Skipping dialogues with Space-""Looks like Rain"" / Snow / ""Storm is coming""Cons:-Underestimating the jump1000/10 would play gwent while a monster is attacking a city"
76561198066653029,Recommended,292030,30663043,Posted: 21 March,all,Blackjack,"This is the only review i have ever writtten and probably ever will write. This IS the best game ever. If you haven't played this and you have the slightest intrest in RPG's , this game is for you. I have never felt this way about a game before. Its setting, characters, gameplay, decisions, everything is simply 100% amazing. Would recommend."
76561198087332573,Recommended,292030,32037484,Posted: 29 May,all,BubbleGuppers_Official,"There's certain games that come around every so often that raise the bar of gaming to new heights.Red Dead Redemption, Final Fantasy 7, Metal Gear Solid and Metal Gear Solid 3 Snakeater, Mario 64, Grand Theft Auto 3, Bioshock, Half Life, Fallout and the other big Bethesda titles such as Morrowind and Skyrim, Halo, Doom, Resident Evil 2, Diablo, Baulders Gate, Metal of Honor, Legend of Zelda (pretty much any of them), Knights of the Old Republic... The list goes on...Witcher 3 takes the culmination of 25 years worth of ground breaking strides in video gaming history and manages to shatter every single blip on the list while at the same time progressing the art of video games to a level that many never even thought possible.This game isn't just a game, its a masterpiece on so many different levels that it's difficult to fully describe the love and admiration I have for literally every aspect of its existence. Growing up I always wanted to play a game that truly let me feel like I was slipping into a new world or could become someone else thats more grand and heroic than my actual self.I played Metal Gear when I was 8.I played Morrowind when I was 10.I played Bioshock when I was 13.I played Red Dead Redemption when I was 16.I played Skyrim when I was 17.I played Witcher 3 when I was 21 years old and every notion of what I thought a game's limit as an art form was shattered and still yet, 2 years later, I can't see any game releasing anytime in the next several years that could raise the bar any higher than CD Projekt Red did with this game.Playing a game as masterful and near-perfect as Witcher 3 makes me glad this is a hobby of mine, because for the hours I've played it (and still play it) I can disappear from the troubles of life and become Geralt of Rivia, my favorite character of all time, in one of my favorite settings of all time, in hands down one of the best games of all time.So thank you, CD Projekt Red, for making a masterpiece."
,Recommended,292030,31302555,Posted: 22 April,all,🔴 duNN',"10/10Incredible game: the world, the story, the characters, the lifetime, the side quests, the atmosphere etc... are great !and the gwent, that card game is so good."
76561198163010648,Recommended,292030,30805469,Posted: 28 March,all,mantruffel83,"There's not much I can say to add to all the other in depth reviews.  I just want to do my part and give this game a possitive review.  Forget game of the year, more like game of the century."
,Recommended,292030,30814817,Posted: 29 March,all,gabicapatina1040,10/10Would bang Yen again
76561198189490695,Recommended,292030,35174728,Posted: 24 September,all,The Random Gamerz,"I really recommend this game to anyone that are looking for a good story game.I just finished off the main story line and also all of the side quests.The atmosphere, characters blew me away.. Played the first 2 games and loved them but this one is on a different level..I would give this game a 10/10."
,Recommended,292030,30410901,Posted: 9 March,all,Lrä,"Any gamer who hasn´t played this masterpiece is missing quite alot.No matter how deep i looked into this game i couldn´t find any cons to point out. The witcher 3 is where gaming reaches it´s peak, needless to say anything more."
,Recommended,292030,30836015,Posted: 30 March,all,Neurotic,"One of the greatest games all time. Graphics, stories, effects...10/10 Slavs will rise again."
,Recommended,292030,30935765,Posted: 3 April,all,チチヤス,gerald haet portal
,Recommended,292030,30937752,Posted: 4 April,all,Fr0st_P1xel,"I used to hate RPG games (I didn't like SKYRIM!!) .Having played this on PS4 for over 200 hours and now playing it on PC for dem better graphics!Unless you really really really hate games, there is no reason for you to NOT buy this...even at FULL PRICE!11/10We need devs like CD projekt red :)"
76561198043730957,Recommended,292030,31372081,Posted: 26 April,all,Shadowshark,After 276 horus of gameplay that took me to finish 100% of the main game + both DLCs on death march. I'm thinking of playing everything all over again. 10/10
,Recommended,292030,15938256,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Nightfury,The Best Open World Game 2015 and of course TATAS!!!!
76561198029625848,Recommended,292030,16038432,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,xXx69PuSsYSlaYEr420xXx,"The Witcher 3 is the best open world RPG I have ever played. I am a huge witcher fan so this might be a bit bias. I do believe this is also the best of the 3 witcher games. The combat is fun and easy to learn but hard to master. But the story is really what makes the game. The main story is really good and makes you care abouit the characters, but the side quests are unbelievably good as well. The side quests in this gqme qre unpredictable and better written than most other games>The only down point is that the camera and movement is pretty clunky due to it being a port from consoles."
76561198025596010,Recommended,292030,18888181,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Obry,"The Witcher series, culminating in the Witcher 3, is more than your regular RPG - it's a once in a lifetime game that takes you through Sapkowski's amazing world along with some of the best characters you've ever encountered.It's not only the storytelling that's brilliant, but the gameplay, graphics and sheer size will also stun you. CDProjektRED proves it is the best RPG company out there.Read the novels, play the first games - Geralt of Rivia's final adventure will be that much more powerful if you do.Hands down, at least story-wise, it's the best RPG series of all times IMO."
,Recommended,292030,19032007,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,[KoD]Mr King_Dorkus[Wizad],I CRIED PLAYING THIS GAME MORE THAN AT A FUNERAL
76561198076623670,Recommended,292030,34584058,Posted: 29 August,all,RIP,Best game i ever played!!!10/10
,Recommended,292030,32880325,Posted: 27 June,all,Queen Satania,love the atmosphere
76561198134027540,Recommended,292030,27442464,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Fullmetalalkami,"Its pretty hard to write a review for a game that is genuinely this good. 30 years of gaming and literally thousands of games later this is the top, optimised to perfection ( i5 4690K & GTX 970 Ultra, no hairworks solid 60fps ) only 2 or 3 crashes in 300+ hours playtime. I wont go into how beautiful the game looks and sounds etc as its been gone over so much but the storyline, the combat, the choices and paths you can take and overall freedom is absolutely amazing and CDPR have created a true masterpiece cant praise it enough.Just for a bit of reference and light reading here's my general top 5 all time game list, thanks for reading!1. Witcher 32. Final Fantasy VII3. Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty4. Fallout 35. Skyrim"
,Recommended,292030,17404736,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Wraithek,"The best RPG since Fallout New Vegas, 'nuff said."
,Recommended,292030,16019810,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Helith,"If you like RPGs, even just a little bit, then you have to play this game.CDProjektRed have created something very, very special here.  It's obvious from the outset that so much care, thought and love have been poured into this game. Everything comes together to create something spectacular. The writing, the tone, the quest design, the art direction, the visuals etc etc are all top notch. Special mention needs to made of the seamless world. Such a small touch that has a huge impact on gameplay. You can walk from the countryside on one side of the map, go through a village, cross a bridge into a city and enter a tavern without encountering a single loading screen at all.Even the negatives, such as the inventory system which needs a serious overhaul, don't detract from the overall experience. They become minor blemishes which you will put up with (until they are overhauled or modded) because the game is just that damn good.This game may just be the best game ever."
,Recommended,292030,25247469,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Kronus,"Witcher 3The gaming world is an environment that evolves constantly and deals with many types of games, many genres and the quality of many of those games ranges from worst products ever made to masterpieces that deserve to be played and praised. Witcher 3 is situated in the latter category. The company responsible for this jewel is CD PROJEKT and they have created a game that set in stone some expectations many games will never see.Witcher 3 is an open world RPG focused on the story of Geralt of Rivia, a monster slayer also known as a witcher that is searching for a child concerned with a prophecy called Ciri. For those that prefer a fast game, I guarantee you that this one is not for you. The witcher 3 is an insanely long game with so many things to do and will take a massive chunk of your time. The main story itself can take 40 hours+ and if you decide to do the extras too, add another 60 hours. However, if you decide to buy both DLCs as well you are looking at 14 hours more for Heart of Stone and 25 hours more for Blood and Wine. Unlike most games, the DLC will not be washed up content nor boring areas but rather amazingly unique quests that will blow your mind even further.One of the first features that I noticed in Witcher 3 that took my breath from the beginning was the graphics. The areas are amazingly well done; the special effects are astonishing which adds even more to the immersion. For instance, while Gerald is traveling with his companion to an Inn, you would see a ravaged land and corpses of hanged people swinging. Other effects which will move you will be the day and night system which give a realistic feeling, especially when you see the beautiful sunset in the morning which will remain in your memory for a long time. The last effect that amazed me was the rain that starts randomly. The effect is so realistic that after a while, Gerald’s armor becomes soaked and you could almost feel wet (no pun intended) from watching it.  Those effects will let you enjoy the game even if you just decide to just sit and watch the environment and surroundings.Another feature that blew my mind was the skills customization. As Gerald levels up and touches places of power, he gains more skill points to use in his talent menu. There he can decide to either specialize in Combat, Sign, Alchemy and General. Each tree is unique and the player can combine abilities from all the trees to create unique combinations. Furthermore, the player can also customize his skills even further with mutagens, which are parts recovered from monsters or bosses which give the player boosts depending on the type of skill equipped. Those mutagens can give the player increased health, more powerful sign effects, faster stamina recovery and many other effects. In terms of customization, the game created a unique system that players will loveThe main story line is amazing and its originality is refreshing. There is no cliché good guy in the story. In fact, the beauty of Witcher 3 resides in the world being filled with many shades of gray. Some parts of the main story is also extremely emotional and some players will shed tears while also laughing when dealing with humorous scenes. As an example, Gerald is an amazing main character who responds sarcastically the majority of time. It is refreshing to see his dialogues compared to most games focused on good and bad decisions only. In fact, throughout the story line the players will have to face many gray decisions with some consequences revealed much later. Overall though, I can guarantee that players will enjoy the story line massively.Morality is one of the features that is ignored in most games due to the usual ‘’good or bad’’ decisions system. Witcher 3 once again turns to a unique theme and changes this whole system. The world here is grim, dark, violent and essentially ruthless. You will very rarely have good decisions, most of the time it will be gray decisions. For instance, in a side quest you have villagers that were protecting a beast which killed some of their townsfolk due to tradition. In this particular quest you can either try to kill the beast or attempt to appease it and depending on what action you take, at the end one side will end up killing the other. If you decided to appease the beast when you come back the villagers that were trying to destroy the beast will be dead, killed by the other townsfolk while the other route leaves the beast’s defenders dead. In fact, the side quests have a huge impact with the morality and it is what defined the Witcher 3 world. Each side quest is different with a massive amount of lore behind it. We are not talking about the generic fetch quests that are seen in many open RPG games but rather full-fledged quests with unique story lines behind them.A feature that would have been worth the 60$ alone for the game is gwent. For those unfamiliar, gwent is a card game very popular in the witcher 3 world. The game is challenging and very satisfying when you play against the NPCs in the cities trying to collect every single card from innkeepers and important characters. The game has 4 decks each playing out differently and cards with very distinct effects. It involved 3 rows, each with different units. The first line is the melee units, the second is range and the 3rd being artillery while also having a field zone which can change aspects of the game. The game also features some magic cards and some units have special effects which can completely change the round. The uniqueness of this card game is that it is focused on three round, 10 cards but the players do not draw anymore unless that is the effect of a special card. Would I have paid full price for the game for gwent alone? Heck yes!Boss battles in Witcher 3 are amazing Unlike many games, boss battles can be hard or easy depending on the difficulty set on and the preparation. In the game the players can enhance their armor for limited periods of time, sharpen their swords for short periods, use potions and concoctions to deal more damage to specific monsters and also research the weaknesses of those monsters from the bestiary menu. On the highest difficulty the player will have to make great usage of the bombs, range attacks and the dodging system in-game. Some bosses are on par with Dark Souls fights even if it is just bounties or side quest bosses. Will the people enjoy the fights? Most likely.The cut scenes in this game are downright breathtaking. Witcher 3 has some of the best cinematics ever features in an RPG and adds a whole new level of depth to the game. The players can also expect nudity in the game and to a certain point sex scenes between the witcher and other different characters. After all, Gerald is a sucker for witches. Overall, the cut scenes are extremely well made.The last feature I want to touch upon is the sheer size of the game. I would not be joking if I said that the game is on part with Skyrim in terms of size. The player will spend many hours especially if he is a pack rat such as myself or if he likes to explore every sign of interest on the map. Luckily the game has signs of interest to unburden the player from wasting time. That being said, players can still be expected to spend massive amounts of time if they really want to find everyone treasure and accomplish every achievement.In terms of bugs and troubleshoots, this will be the smallest section of the review since I personally did not experience anything. No crashes, freezes, error nor even tearing during cut scenes which are often seen in many games. For this reason, Witcher 3 gets 10/10 in the tech area.Overall, Witcher 3 has definitely set a new bar for future open world RPGs which I doubt will be broken any time soon. Is Witcher 3 amazing? Yes. Do you need to play the prequels in order to understand the story? No. Is it worth 60$? I personally think it is worth 120 but that is jus"
,Recommended,292030,18890893,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Arty,"The Witcher 3: ReviewFirst of all, I have played the game alot more than what my play hours are on this account:A quick summary of the game. It's a great game, with very few flaws. I highly recommend it, however it does have it's cons.Pros:-Great Graphics-Great Story-Improved combat-Decent voice acting-Improved length in quests-Interesting lore-Upgradeable gear-Very well done boss fights-More monsters to kill-Unique side games-Nothing looks copied and pasted-Realistic nature: grass/trees/etc-Realistic NPC's and conversations-Multiple enviroments-Options effect gameplayCons:-Un-natural responses-Few bugs, such as getting stuck-A half decent PC is required-Very pricey-In alot of cases, you seem overpowerdOther random things-Played in puddles for a good 20 minutes-Tried to kill Roach-Watched my beard grow-Cut my beard-Wasted orens on a card game-Lost at a card game-Hooked up with Triss-Road around on Roach for 3 hours straight-Watched Geralts hair sway in the wind for too longThanks <3"
,Recommended,292030,18904898,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Fishzerg,"Without a doubt one of the best games that exist up to this present day. If you are at least somewhat interested in games with good story, adventure, exploration and action, you should play Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. This can't be done justice by a quick review. The game HAS to be experienced. The graphics, voices, sounds, music, animations, they all are top notch quality, and contribute to an immensely convincing immersion and atmosphere.Wild Hunt is filled with a seemingly endless amount of story driven quests, and not a single standard fetch-quest. There are plot twists, big and small stories everywhere. Some of the larger  quests (such as parts of the main story) are among the absolute finest and most complex stories ever written, not only within games.The game world is open and absolutely huge, among the largest that exist so far. And yet you never get a feeling of repetition when it comes to the surroundings. Everything is varied, immensely detailed, and on top of that different aspects of the surroundings show up according to time of the day and weather (which is dynamic). I played the game with HUD turned off except for the small potion icons and medallion with health bars. I suggest this set-up, because even though you might spend slightly more time manually checking the map, you will  truly learn to appreciate the amazing surroundings that you pass through."
,Recommended,292030,15911491,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Gwynbleidd,"Do not waste your time reading tons of tons of reviews. Every one of them won't be enough to describe the experience and the feeling that game has and keep providing to you. Just buy without remorse or fear, download and play it you won't regret it.You will know what i'm talking about after that and will thank for my review. There are really no words enough to describe this ♥♥♥♥ing Epic Legendary Masterpiece. (OK, that still not enough)Thanks CD Projekt Red and Andrezj Sapskowski."
,Recommended,292030,15930531,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Azu,best goat escorting simulator of the year 10/10
76561198060121560,Recommended,292030,25155535,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,SlapTacular,"First thing just let me say, I LOVE this game. It is one of my favorite games if not my favorite game of all time. I may not have as many hours in this game as some other games, but I enjoyed my time in this game more than any other. I guess I will just do a simple pros and cons list to make my points for my review of this game.PROS:-Fantastic Graphics.-Amazing Story.-Combat is good.-The game kept finding a way to keep me interested.-Good leveling/skill system.-Very interesting quests.-UI was ok, but then they updated it. (it's much better now)-All of the characters are amazing. (especially Geralt)-Great sound design.-No fps problems or crashes.-Gwent is enjoyable and got me to spend time gathering all of the cards in the game.-Voice acting is great.-Huge variety of monsters and people.-All of the stuff you can craft/potions you can brew.-Great environment/world design.-If it's on sale, it is only $50 for the game and all of the DLC which is a steal in my opinion, it is well worth it. I would buy it even if it wasn't on sale.-Good ending, multiple endings for the base game and DLCs too.-The DLC is also amazing just like the normal game.(I'm sure there's more.)CONS:-I don't like how when you go into combat, you can't jump or sprint and you sometimes get stuck on tiny things on the ground or in a corner easily, which can be frustrating at times.-Roach's AI isn't the best.-Not really that big of a deal but when I was playing through the game I noticed that the werewolf and the katakan have the same death animation.-Sometimes it started to get a little tedious when I was going around the entire map looking for the blueprints for the wolven armor that I wanted. I had find about a lot of blueprints, and even with the help of youtube, it still took a while to get them all. (the armor took a lot of stuff to craft too but it was worth the trouble)In conclusion, I think that this game is an amazing game. It is well worth the price and even more so when it is on sale. Support the devs so they can continue to make more great games in the future. 10/10"
,Recommended,292030,16050155,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,rei,"I've seen people trying to compare this to Skyrim, or GTA V (wut), or many other games, and frankly, it's impossible to do so. You can't compare anything to The Witcher 3.It created an entirely different kind of game, not truly an action game, not truly a RPG, but something so much better.It WILL blow your minds.PS: 42 hours in and I'm still VERY far from the end. Be warned."
,Recommended,292030,23566627,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Dipperoni,"Like Skyrim, but for adults.Also there's boobs."
,Recommended,292030,28088509,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,vodahmin₁/₁₆/₉₈,"~Witcher 3~█▌♥makes you work for everything (sex)♥▐♦it has beautiful, no, the best graphics♦▌♣an amazing storyline that is fun to play♣▐♠you have plenty of choices that change the story♠▌◘the high difficulty will make you kill yourself (probably)◘█~voɗɑɦmin ♛~█▐♥I gave this game the award..♦▌♣“Whoooaaa dude” 11/23/16 ♠█"
,Recommended,292030,28918917,Posted: 1 January,all,Allende911,"This is the best video game I have ever played.It's probably not for everyone - it's very story and lore driven and if you haven't played the first two games or read any of the books, it might be hard to keep track of all the people and places that are thrown at you.But for those that are able to stick with it, this game redefines what a video game can be. The world of the Witcher is massive, and no stone should be left unturned. The main plot is like reading a great book, and all the side quests are their own short stories. This is an engrossing, deep and magical game and I didn't want to ever end."
76561198027993975,Recommended,292030,20876081,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Cpt Wasea Azure,"Simply put this game is amazing. It has a very interesting Polish lore behind it, very well designed and voiced characters, great main and side quests and beautiful design/visuals.I hesitated with buying Witcher because I was not sure if I will like the setting but I was dead wrong. Game really sucks you in no matter if you like medieval/fantasy setting or not.You can follow the main story with lots of pretty good looking cut-scenes or go for side quests and exploring. Game world feels big and you will be overwhelmed by amount of little quests and activities you can do.-I strongly recommend doing Bloody Baron quest - one of the best things I have experienced in this game.Combat can be simple button mashing at times but I have to say - sword fight animations that they put here are fantastic and killing enemies feels very rewarding. And prepare to die a lot too, Witcher is not very forgiving.You can also craft armour, potions, weapons. A lots of it!And yes, there is famous nudity but done in a very elegant and mature way.I have only one issue - Gerald has mind of his own and in some areas wont do what you want him to do. The controling the guy can be extremly frustrating at times especially in thight interiors.I bought Witcher 3 at the full price and I must say - with this amount of content, free dlc`s and great replay value it was absolutely worth every penny. This is the game that will keep you busy for hours.edit:After 90 hours I got to the end of the main story in Witcher 3 (got the good ending too)!What a ride that was, I must say that from now on Witcher 3 is my number one RPG experience even before Mass Effect trilogy.90 (!) hours of story, side-quests and now I still have tons of stuff to finish like Witcher contracts and undiscovered locations. And I could start NG+ after that.I strongly recommend this game to all my friends here on Steam, incredible amount of high quality content and emotions!"
,Recommended,292030,16546430,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,keiko,"""The Witcher 3: The Wild Hunt....its the best thing that ever happened to me in my whole life""-Conan O'Brien"
,Recommended,292030,30807531,Posted: 28 March,all,Nightrader,Buy this instead of Mass Effect Andromeda.
,Recommended,292030,15966328,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,parKS,"EDIT:This has to be the best single player game I've played, it has in-depth characters, story, graphical fidelity, combat mechanics, crafting and so much more. The only gripe I would have to say is the combat could be a little more developed. But after 130hrs in-game and DLC still coming if you are still on the fence about Witcher 3 definitely worth picking it up if you like RPGs and other games like Elder Scrolls, Metal Gear Solid, Fallout, and Diablo.Old Review after 10hrs:After getting it to work with patches and driver updates as well as spending an hour fixing the graphical settings so the game didn't crash every 20mins or so. It's been quite enjoyable and expect to sink many many hours into this one. If you didn't like The Witcher 2 all that much I'd suggest giving this one a go. I'm getting a bit of a Skyrim vibe after playing for a few hours."
76561198057725658,Recommended,292030,15941640,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,8BITONION,The Witcher 3 isn't a game its a way of life.Gwent is the game.
,Recommended,292030,15934359,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Thc`,10/10 Would Witcher again.
,Recommended,292030,16052535,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,「Octopussy™」,"If you haven't already gotten this game. I highly suggest you look into it as it is full of story, beautiful graphics, hours upon hours of gameplay and most of all . . .♥♥♥♥♥♥ Lots of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,292030,18256653,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Rainbow,"I was thinking for a long time what to write, but in the end I will write just this:The best singleplayer game ever made. True masterpiece and must play game for everyone who enjoys amazing storyline and great gameplay which will keep you at your PC for hunders of hours (which is really rare at single player games these days). Skyrim can suck it!!11/10"
,Recommended,292030,16429774,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Basar,"A really nice sequel to two awesome games. Very nice story, awesome voice acting, good graphics. The built in card game named Gwent is nice as well. Free DLCs are just the cherry on top. However, that is not to say the game is perfect, as one might expect from a game with so much content. The game takes ~ 100 h if you do all the side quests and not skip dialogues. The actual duration will vary with your skill and the difficulty you play on. Skipping dialogues and rushing through the main quest line (which I entirely not recommend) can reduce game play time to 25-30 h I guess.A few things I noticed that are wanting:(i) Much like Witcher 2, main quest line gives huge XP even if it's a mundane task of talking to an NPC, whereas the side quests give really quite little except for contracts. At some point you are quite forced to proceed the main quest, this especially holds for higher difficulty settings.(ii) Some controls are hard coded and cannot be reassigned, that is annoying if you're a lefty, or just don't like the default hotkeys.(iii) Again much like Witcher 2, strong attack is quite weak and not really very useful, because the animation takes a lot of time and you can get interrupted mid-animation.(iv) You can have up to 12 skill slots, which means if you're spending your points on more than 12 different skills, you'll be wasting some points. And what's more, those 12 slots get unlocked pretty much by the end of the game. Moreover, the required points for unlocking tiers are very steep, meaning you'll have to distribute points to skills you rarely use/don't use at all.(v) The Alchemy tree is quite weak overall, at least it's what I felt compared to Witcher 2.However, don't let my criticism mislead you into thinking the game is not very good. It actually is even better than Witcher 1 and 2, both of which I loved. I just wanted to point out the lacking sides of the game. The positive stuff far outweigh the negative ones."
,Recommended,292030,23556659,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Pepsu,"(This review is spoiler-free)The witcher 3 is simply put, one of the best games I have ever played in my life.After 55 hours of gameplay, I still have an INSANE amount of things to do even though I completed all major side quests, many minor ones, and the main quest itself.The devs went out of their way to make this game as polished and as filled with content as possible. There's detail and depth everywhere you look, There are always things to do, hidden lore or old european mythology to find and read and many more.I can sit here and praise this game for all the things it did right and I could probobly write a book on everything it did right, even the devs know how to treat their customers right!But, since everyone's praising this game and has allready said what needs to be said (superb story, vivid and wonderful cast of characters, amazingly detailed and multiple routed side quests, amazing character progression, fantastic RPG mechanics, developer treating you like a human being and not a wallet and the side quests that are so good, you can't use words to describe them) I am gonna base my review on the negatives this game has to show CDPR the things that didn't work in this game to help them make their next game, Cyberpunk 2077, the greatest game ever. All my hours are on Blood and broken bones! (2nd hardest difficulty) so, it should be known by now that my review has to be taken with a grain of salt.Let's start with some minor issues:I appericate that the devs handed me the soundtrack on purchase (and the sountrack itself is legendary) but, I can't help but feel dissapointed that there is none of the ambient music in the files.Controling your horse roach can be a bit difficult becuase of weird camera and movement problems. They never bothered me during races or normal horse-back riding but still, something worth mentioning.I don't mind the UI, but I know a lot of people who hate it so, it has be in here.Alright, now I am gonna mention my biggest issues with the game.Starting, with the endgame gameplay setup. After you beat the story, the world feels empty as all main plot characters disappear and you are left with nothing but the few side quests you didn't finish. I wish I could have gone contract hunting with those characters or even talked to them for more dialogue sequences and simply, seeing them again. With such interesting characters that feel so life-like,  at least radiant quests would have done justice. I can litterally sit for hours hearing the characters talk about anything, even their morning. They are THAT interesting.The Camera is a bit wonky and doesn't feel right at times with wrong angles and unresponsiveness especially, in combat. The devs did relate an alternative mode which does help a bit, but I think that this is something worth mentioning as it bothers me a lot in combat. Also, I feel it would make combat even more satisfying than it allready is if we were in full control of the camera during combat.despite being bigger than even gta V, the world has some empty parts with no room for exploration. Parts like ard skellig's explorable locations are all under the sea or on an island, I wish there was actual places to discover on the main island of Skellige.Speaking of Skellige, The main story section of Skellige felt really rushed as the main character didn't spend much time there. I think I am the only one who realised this so, I think I might be missing something but I just think that they had much more potential with that area.That's it, as I said before, I like the game a lot and would even go as far as saying that it's THE BEST RPG I have ever played, I just hope these problems aren't present in their next game to make it the best game it can ever be."
,Recommended,292030,24025606,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,[RGQT] Charlie,"Probably the single best RPG I have ever played. It has everything, great story, great gameplay it is just a blast. It is a fantastic experience that you just get totally drawn into and immersed in, The developers for this game are probably the best in the entire industry, the most pro-consumer practices you can think of. Not only did they release 16 PIECES OF FREE DLC their Paid DLC is some of the best ever made, Blood and Wine has more content than many AAA titles and it costs $15, the DLC could standalone and it would still be fantastic. Absolutely amazing.10/10 - An absolute must buy."
76561198236645752,Recommended,292030,18717314,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Ohadraz,10 out of ten will ♥♥♥♥ Yenn again
,Recommended,292030,18893028,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,pornflakes,https://i.imgur.com/IVqCkSv.gif
,Recommended,292030,18976765,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,yung maestro,i hate portals
,Recommended,292030,18993260,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Wiggles,GOTY 2015
,Recommended,292030,35136620,Posted: 22 September,all,Anbertrandt,Every decision you make will bring devastation. Each choice will lead to a greater evil.
,Recommended,292030,17538923,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Xabarin,"Everything it sets to do, it does flawlessly. Everything it takes from other games, it improves. All the lore and character development from the books are here distilled to perfection. Technically it's a beast. The world is not only massive but also a masterpiece of world building and design. It's long, took me 123 hours to finish it without doing all the sidequests. Even the music stands out. As an RPG it should be up there in the top three of all time. If you are remotely interested buy it now no matter the price. Even if you aren't, still buy it. Sets all future standards for what a quality game should be."
76561198256413830,Recommended,292030,30201766,Posted: 26 February,all,⎛⎝ronnie naikey⎠⎞,"More like ""The F*cker 3: Wild C*nt"" ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)'cause there's a lot of s*x, a lot :P10/10 will f*ck every female character again!"
76561198008795381,Recommended,292030,18123018,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Eugenm,Отличная Крутая графика!! GOOD!!!!
76561197996938973,Recommended,292030,15940093,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Jacra ♛ B.U.Ç.O ♛,One of the best rpgs ever made. Immersive atmoshpere and well written story. And of course our badass character Geralt of Rivia! I recommend this game to all Rpg lovers.
,Recommended,292030,26144988,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,blackdoomy,"if you don't like The Witcher, I don't like you. no one likes you."
,Recommended,292030,25266309,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Shorkan,"Without a doubt, one of the best games ever made. It's exceptional in every aspect:- Great OST.- INCREDIBLE OST.- Incredible graphics.- Beautiful world full of details and reasons to explore.- Great, original atmosphere.- Great characters, great monsters, great voice acting, great dialogues.- Lots of things to do: main quest, secondary quests, equipment searching, monster hunting, mini games, character building...The amount of love put into this game goes several times beyond what we are used to."
76561198340150243,Recommended,292030,33868474,Posted: 28 July,all,LaraM,"Well first I rate it with 8.8/10..Its a very good game in terms of storyline, graphics, and the ost. However few things I dislike in it:1> The end is booring in all options...(unless u play the dlc).2> Most of NPCs characters gone . its really disappointed.3> the game is linear (not really 100%rpg)  u can't neglect certain 2nd missions as they are connected indirectly to the main story. though its an open world but however in some levels u have to play in a linear way!."
,Recommended,292030,23787174,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,the ting go skrrraa,-Good combat animations-excellent story lines-great quests-amazing graphics-amazing endings-amazing gamei rate it 11/10like seriously you have to play this game if youre looking for a story game with amazing storylines and amazing RPGTW3>FO4 sorry for stating the fact but seriously accept it
,Recommended,292030,33892001,Posted: 29 July,all,John W. Thackery,"Goes to tavern in Novigrad, when some random sailor asks:Hey whitey, why's your hair so whiteInstantly wants to tell him about mutating process of the Witchers, he seems like a chill guyInstead of starting dialogue window he says to me:♥♥♥♥ off11/10"
,Recommended,292030,16082391,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Jumonji,Got a sad ending after hoping that the story would end well10/10 would cry again
76561198020932133,Recommended,292030,15946120,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Darormor,This game is like sex.I'm always thinking about it.
,Recommended,292030,15935046,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Perma Hexx,"Love it.  Open world, hard, every battle feels epic."
76561198043416985,Recommended,292030,17150756,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Siguy,Just buy it.
,Recommended,292030,34892045,Posted: 11 September,all,megan,As lovely as Triss
76561198054332687,Recommended,292030,34632582,Posted: 31 August,all,Orbic,Best game ever made.
76561197991915193,Recommended,292030,25258935,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Jekkel,This game makes me feel that there is still hope in single player games.
76561198141272081,Recommended,292030,16071193,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,clerk_702,best game ever. ever. ever. ever ever
,Recommended,292030,15917093,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Scary Monster,it lives up to the hype
,Recommended,292030,17917997,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Regular Plumbus,"Summary of the negative reviews for the Witcher 3:-Attempt to be funny-Ironic 'Why are you reading a negative review'-Unintelligible babble- Had problems running it and reviewed before any patchesIf you like story games, adventure games, atmospheric games, horror games, RPG's, Fantasy novels, this game is for you.If you're a joyless prick you should go play something else"
,Recommended,292030,25458091,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,SiegDere,"Witam,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Let me tell you about this game, taky dobra gra! You play as Gerlat of Rivia, Wiedźmin, mutant with a♥♥♥♥♥♥you could only dream of. As you continue your journey after reclaiming your memory of the events before the first game, you're trying to save your adopted córka, Ciri. The game is huge and has a lot of content, and I've never seen a game where even such a small quests like contracts have their own interesting stories and various endings to them. Сo stoisz,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Hit that ""Add to Basket"" button and buy it, CDPR deserve money more than Bethesda or EA."
,Recommended,292030,16977647,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Insomniac Doze,"If you wait until you can do everything for everybody, instead of something for somebody, you'll end up doing nothing for nobody. This is all about The Feelcher 3: Feel Hunt, the most profound feel simulator, game of the year, best game in trilogy and probably one of best RPGs ever made.People can expect better graphics, better battle systems and better sandbox. I hope that when people play this game, they at least consider buying some mediocre games in future.Do not miss such an incredible adventure, it's absolutely worth it."
76561198166620870,Recommended,292030,25051266,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,"I will always remember this game...It's one of the most beautiful and sensual games I've ever played. From the green pastures to the grim sunsets, from the kind hearted conversations with npc's to the captivating boss battles, this is a keeper in every regard. Marry that with phenomenal voice acting and attractive women!However, this is an action/adventure game - NOT an rpg. This generation seems to get those two gebres confused now days.The base game is 200+ hours, the Blood & Wine dlc adds a 40 hour campaign and there's another campain dlc on top of that! Amazing work here. Now I'll shut up so you can play. Deal?"
76561198013580611,Recommended,292030,29134807,Posted: 8 January,all,Linda Hunt,"Easily the best rpg ive played in the last decade, if not longer."
,Recommended,292030,20100646,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Fam545,Warning:Every game you play after this will seem terrible.
76561198128632565,Recommended,292030,24979388,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Miracle WHAP,"I have a mid-grade spec PC and running this on medium settings is still gorgeous. The story is fantastic and there's a real satisfaction in the side-quests. You'd swear some of the side quests would be DLC given how detailed, lengthy, and rewarding the stories are. Especially the Red Barron. 10/10. DO NOT go in to this game expecting it to be like Skyrim. They are nothing alike but The Witcher 3 has so much meat to the story and so much lore and so much of everything good... I can't even write a comprehensive review. If you want to go on an amazing journey stop reading reviews and buy the damn game. I got in on sale but it's SO worth the full price."
76561198135388815,Recommended,292030,29743508,Posted: 6 February,all,Alguém,"The Witcher 3 is not only a game, it s an experience it´s amazing, funny, sad, The Witcher is amazing and you should  buy it right now, you wont regret it..."
76561198037817404,Recommended,292030,23050012,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Jake Frost,"So, here are the bullet-points:Story: Main and otherwise, they are fantastic. What would simply be a mere fetch quest in other games is a short story that'll actually have you motivated to see it through.Combat/Gameplay: Fun, easy to learn, and takes a while to master. It really starts getting gratifying when body parts are flying at your whim.Graphics/Visuals: Breathtaking. Simply gorgeous. My machine runs this game on less than medium settings, and everything still makes my eyeballs roll out of their sockets sometimes.Audio: Spot-on, and the voice acting is perfect. Whoever's responsible for the weather and environmental effects deserves a clap on the back, so few games get that stuff so right.Best of all: the devs LISTEN to their fanbase. When they find an idea or complaint that they're sure contributes to making the game better, more often than not, they implement it, and by Jove it works. Within the first hour, you will be able to tell that this is a game made with LOVE.So many studios these days just wing it when it comes to content. Worse, they charge people extra for access to it. These range from paltry useless items and cosmetics, to a mere extra mission or two that is usually done in an eyeblink (that most likely should have been in the original release). None of that lousy DLC microbleeding here, all that you need do is download it. What's more, the material that you do pay extra for is NOT DLC, but expansions. True to the word, these are separate campaigns unto themselves, a true contribution to the golden age of gaming.I can count the number of games I bought full price on Steam on half a hand; this game, and CD Projekt Red, are worth it."
76561198007388528,Recommended,292030,26302759,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,{LEONTES}_Dellodas,"After 450+ hours in this game i have to say that this is a must buy for all rpg fans out there, you wont find anything better then this !!! It's Graphics, Sound, Art Style, Gameplay and Story are top notch.Don't Miss - Must Buy."
,Recommended,292030,21283656,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Str8 Flexin,"Pros+ Incredibly immersive.+ Writing is possibly the best I've ever seen in a video game.+ Graphics are gorgeous! Some of the best I've seen to date. Some sections are jaw dropping+ INSANE amount of content! Took me 107 hours to beat the main game and I'm still not done.+ Secondary quests actually felt very rewarding for once and I couldn't help but try and complete all of them.+ Some of the Subplots were just as good as the main story. Some of my favorite sections of the game even.+ Gameplay is slick, challenging, and incredibly rewarding.+ Gwent.. Seriously this could be a game on its own.Cons- Horse felt clunky at times and EVERYTIME you whistled for it to come to you it would spawn in literally the worst possible spots. It was almost like it was intentionally ♥♥♥♥ing with me. Hated it.- Certain fist fights were just awful. But that's probably just me being salty.Overall this game is a Masterpiece deserving of your attention. Outside of a few minor flaws which are easily overlooked what you have is one of the finest experiences gaming has to offer. This is a must play regardless if you played the first two or not (I do recommend playing 2 first at least but it is not needed).Final Score - ★★★★★"
76561198049523588,Recommended,292030,25385663,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Some guy,simply amazing
,Recommended,292030,19473165,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Morningstar,"Congratulation to CD PROJEKT RED for making this awesome game :)My Personal Rating : 9,7"
76561198081763051,Recommended,292030,25449923,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,AfricanSpaceJesus,The best RPG I've ever played. Much better than Fallout 4. The story telling and characters are the best there can be. The game is even better if you read the book series! A must for everyone!Edit: I've now bought both DLCs and still haven't finished the main game! I can't believe how much content is in the DLC. If you're not sure if you want to commit to paying more just think about the fact that The Witcher 3 DLC beat out full games for various awards as well as winning various DLC only awards! These DLCs are also a must buy!
,Recommended,292030,27029139,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Misanthropist,If you love RPG games withGood StorylineBest GraphicsAwesome GameplayTons of new optionsBest game within the gameThen do not hesitate to buy this game.Kudos to CD Projekt Red
,Recommended,292030,27961011,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Arvuti,Best RPG to come out since TES 3: Morrowind
76561198134403302,Recommended,292030,16522500,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Romulus,"CONS FIRSTI played the game on Death March ( and didn't get the achievement after finishing it,f--k me,right ? ) and it makes sense that you are dead meat when you get hit by a basilisk or a wyvern even for once while you have to beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of him,no creature is easy to kill in the books and Geralt is no lvl 100 protection warrior.But it changes when it comes to humans, you also have to hit them 20 times while they 3-4 shot you. This scaling breaks the mood a bit. Roach is the stupidest horse I've ever seen. Fall damage is ridiculous ; fall 2 meters and you lose half of your health. Not being able to climb in combat is a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ especially in many areas of Skellige where ground is usually sloped. Biggest problem is belated responses from Geralt ( and you will eventually get used to it ) during combat , it makes the beginning of the game a nightmare. Story won't feel immersive if you haven't read the books , because it revolves around Geralt's adoptive daughter and you don't get to see her in first two games ( her story is told in Ch 4 of the first game - which almost sounds like a joke because NPC that tells it literally summarizes the Witcher saga- and she is mentioned at the end of the second Witcher game) ,you won't understand the importance of finding her - emotionally and practically. Lastly , quests are good but they are good  from the perspective of a fan who has read the books ; to be fair main quests were not as grand as the ones in W2. In W2, we get to unravel an intricate and complex set of schemes and intrigues involving assassins,kings,international politics,a f--king awesome coup in Loc Muinne,and so on. This is absent in W3 , it's more about finding one particular person and facing Wild Hunt and most people will go WTF because they won't get how big a part of Geralt's world Ciri is. And there's no dice in W3, I'd loved it :(PROSCombat is just awesome,it's by far the best one in the franchise and it's also great in comparison to other games.Mounted combat is one of the main things RPG's were lacking, it's a good thing CDPR incorporated this. Bestiary is very vast this time , one in W2 was disappointing after the bestiary of W1. Albeit the absence of a dice game we have Gwent which is a vast trading card game and it's immersive. CDPR might have released it as a stand alone card game like HS and it would bring success, I tell you.More to the main points : story telling is great ,how the game unfolds, how each character enters the scene and the things you do along the way of finding Ciri are well thought and organized, in a befitting manner and order. Let it be in Velen or Novigrad, you have to tread careful of local powers. The part after you find Ciri has one of the best moments in a game , the face-off with the Wild Hunt is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome and the quests involving getting more info about the Hunt are the most original ones I've ever seen. All in all, plot is really good. Side quests are the main attraction of the game ; there are hundreds of quests and each one of them are presented with a good story, some in Novigrad are like straight out of books (especially that religious murders, that one was ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, it was like Angels&Demons,I can't even begin to describe how awesome that quest was), their plots and the way they unfolded were just to awesome.About the world ; it's open and it's ♥♥♥♥ing huge, literally. One thing I liked most about the game is that you are no errand boy, you don't tread between two locations quest givers point out to you, you go anywhere anytime you want. Now, let's say game sends you somewhere and what game does is that it places points of interests along the way, rather than just pointing out what to do, it encourages you, teases you to go out of your way and discover. This POI's are splendid and many, hundreds of them are scattered throughout the world, mostly in Velen and Skellige. Skellige Archipelago is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome too, navigating wild sea storms on your own boat while on your way from one island to another and fighting sirens attacking your boat is epic. Item preferences are really good, game let's you play any build you want by providing you with the befitting armor and weapons and there is a lot of weapon and armor. As for character builds, game let's you play in any way you want ; sign caster, heavy - light fighter , crossbow expert and so on. As is the case the with many RPG's, hybrid builds are stronger than one-way builds.One of the main reasons why this game is so good is the way ''choice making'' is presented. Every choice you make really does affect the world even when you don't see it. There was a time when I went back to a place where I had killed some bandits and found their skulls or I found an abandoned, burned village when I did a side quest for a Nilfgaardian troop. Main quest choices are many and directly affect lives of communities and these choices are not easy to make. In the game you will have to choose between one evil or another, especially in the Ladies of the Wood quest (one of the best part of the game and of the best quests ever). In this aspect, CDPR definitely hasn't failed to deliver. They gave what they had promised.Soundtracks are awesome,there have been times when I exteded the fight just to keep listening to the song. This game has the best combat musics I've heard. You should definitely check out the OST.This game is an RPG fan's dream come true, a must play if you love RPG."
,Recommended,292030,23733493,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Soup,Best game ever
76561198263616795,Recommended,292030,26253525,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,♥Koneczny™♥,Love this game!!!! recommend buying it 10/10
76561198195239453,Recommended,292030,23314986,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Diana Sloth and the Supremes,"I've been 30 hours in before the 1.20 update. I have to say, after the 1.20 update it is VERY clear that they listen to their players. All of those little annoying parts of the game were changed based on various complaints from their fanbase.I am extremely impressed with how well they develop their games.I love the fighting mechanics, I wish it was a little more like Shadow of Mordor but I see how that would eliminate some of the challenge of this game.23453/10 - Would give you more money for the game for just being awesome."
,Recommended,292030,23203869,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,THE CRIMSON AVENGER,"Excellent story, combat could be slightly tighter."
76561197975327788,Recommended,292030,16124117,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Lucktose Intoleranz,"There has been enough reviews about this game. Just want to push it to the ""Overwhelmingly positive"" score. Cause thats exactly what it is..."
76561198075055458,Recommended,292030,16229380,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,BearShark,Best RPG out now BLOWS freaking skyrim out of the water! Great buy! Worth supporting a company that listens to its players give them some sugar!
,Recommended,292030,23969229,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,KissMyAxe,"I already thought the Wither 2 was brilliant, but CD Projekt Red somehow improved on every aspect of it.I don't use the term ""Masterpiece"" lightly, but this game deserves nothing less.. 10/10"
,Recommended,292030,27161622,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Crazy Commie,#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorPROS:Amazing graphics.Amazing story.Amazing voice acting.Amazing combat mechanics.Amazing leveling system.Amazing and interesting side quests.Amazing sex scenes.CONS:You have to quit whatever you are doing right now to experience all the stuff that is in this masterpiece.∞/10Game Of The Eternity∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞
76561198028621746,Recommended,292030,25107700,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Jav00,"By far the most well written and fun RPG I've ever played. From the amount of content to the size and value for money of the DLC, it's the closest thing to a perfect single player game out there. Get over the initial hurdle of figuring out what everything means and you're in for a treat."
76561197970595399,Recommended,292030,27033464,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Discø,"I bought this game last year in the Steam Sale and never got around to playing it until two weeks ago.I now have 80+ hours in the game and I don't think I'm half-way through yet.If you liked Skyrim, or Baldurs Gate, or anything in that general style then just buy this game while the Autumn Sale is on and know you will be super happy with the purchase.Do it."
76561198021278072,Recommended,292030,22815614,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Arenor,"Don't play this game! You will likely lose your job, your partner, your health, your hair and anything else caused by sitting in front of a computer screen for 21 hours a day. You really shouldn't listen to me though, iv'e barely played this game for a few hours and... OMG IT'S BEEN THAT LONG?!?!?"
,Recommended,292030,28945440,Posted: 2 January,all,Diversion Tactics,the soundtrack is AMAZINGthe writing is STUPENDOUSthe game is ♥♥♥♥ing GREATand this game gave me a meltdownHow they have improved from their first 2 Witchers!holy♥♥♥♥♥♥To also being able to imbue their Slavic culture into an international work is just inspiring.Truely the pinnacle of video gaming. CD Projekt Red has every right to be proud of their work.Here's to hoping for many years to come from them!
76561198080747605,Recommended,292030,26731479,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,HarioDripper,Game of the earth
,Recommended,292030,27732894,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Murph and the Magictones,"This might be the best game I have ever played. It has an engrossing story, great characters and character development, precise mechanics and beautiful graphics. In addition, CD Project RED the Developer is amazing, throwing tons of content at us for free that other Devs would charge for. This game has something for everyone and I cant think of a single bad thing about it (The only CON that I can think of is that this game is not a shooter...? But that is down to personal preference.) This is the game of the year, and possibly the game of the decade."
,Recommended,292030,29561034,Posted: 29 January,all,Fallen_Angel ☽,"I played this game on GOG account before but now I am going to play it for the second time again but on Steam.The Witcher 3 presents a realistic, engaging, and dark fantasy world. With fast-paced combat, deep character customisation, and massive locations to explore. This game is a masterpiece.10/10 I recommend it"
76561197971231584,Recommended,292030,27513572,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Geralt Of Rivia,"Well this is is, i bought the game prereleased, and i knew what i was diving in for, i suggest before reading this review, to try and look for ""The Witcher 1"" reviews (Game developers) in order to capture some amount of information regarding the trilogy, as a deep witcher fan i must say that i was blown to pieaces and tiny fragments just from wandering at the 1st chapter, without knowing what is going to happen the ""wild hunt"" is the name of this title and as you all know from TW1 or TW2 the wild hunt had been haunting geralts (main chharacter) thoughts for more than 3 decades, as stories of the white wolf unravel, more and more humans gain respect to the witcher, whithout shutting an eye towards him or giving him the look, geralt in this game is about to be put to a test bigger than expected in any other game, his greatest fear, of losing someone he loves, dearly, more than a relationship but blood, geralt is about to face his worst fears, enemies and reveal the true magnitude of the situation.charcters from stories and novels come to life, come back to us from TW1 and TW2, equipment used in the early games are now useable and a lot of eastereggs and information is released to us throughout stories and quests,the game is unique it made me almost cry after revealing true faces and endings to quests and charecters, only because it is a masterpiecei have 6 books from the witcher collection, from the great novel of Andreizj Sapkowski which had the insight to build this amazing worldThank you AndreizjThank you CDPRThank you STEAMThank you CommunityAnd thank you 2007 where i first gazed at the 1st game ""The Witcher 1"" which was the best game i ever played at the time.Thank you!"
,Recommended,292030,27322167,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lord Squirrel of Squirrelington,"Yes , just YESThis game offers a ton of content including interesting characters , lovely environment , great immersion in the world and overall good action !Its like an overfull candybox which I just can't get enough of !"
,Recommended,292030,26996877,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Belief,Great game! I'm just doing this for the badge. Don't think I care about writing reviews.
,Recommended,292030,30042104,Posted: 19 February,all,RedBeard,"By far the single most expansive, detailed, and impressive RPG ever made. The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt has an astounding level of care taken in its quality despite such a vast world. That it is priced as a regular game is almost criminal, as the amount of depth and content within the game far exceeds its pricetag. Witcher 3 is essentially a must-own if you are even a casual RPG player as the storytelling and lore depth alone is worth the pricetag. Cannot recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,292030,29564359,Posted: 29 January,all,Per$a,Best game yes thank you
76561198024789900,Recommended,292030,27509338,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Art Blade,"Loads of different swords, sets of armour, explosives, potions.. and lots of fights of all sorts versus humans, non-humans and monsters of various descriptions. An epic journey with many very different yet interesting characters to interact with. A fantastic story with oftentimes unexpected twists and turns.. you'll be taken away and won't be able to stop that easily. Late nights? More likely, early mornings, when you realise you definitely have to go to bed right away or you're going to pass out. Addictive? Most certainly so. Immersive? If you think it isn't, you're probably blind and deaf. If you're into role playing with combat action and magic all over the shop, spiced up with black humour and an excellent storyline, you're going to like it. If you're running out of story, there are splendid DLCs to keep you going. I love this game :)Oh and.. if you're up for a change, a little in-between, play a game of GWENT. It is such an addictive mini-game, they made it a stand-alone by now. :)"
,Recommended,292030,23116939,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Prof.Milad a.k.a the Polymath,If you like skyrim go ahead and make this purchase for yourself:>It's lengthy>Superb story>Facntastic side missions everywhere>Variety of weapons and armor>Good graphics>Good gameplay mechanics>Great scenery>Great character development
,Recommended,292030,29439793,Posted: 23 January,all,DVendy,"""Pam pa ram, pam pam param, pam pa ram.""-soon to be dead guard"
,Recommended,292030,29938985,Posted: 15 February,all,Pixelkipper,"The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a magnificent game and possibly one of the best titles of the last decade.Short version: it's worth every single penny.Long version: I had £20 in my steam account, and it was a sale. The two games I had to decide between were GTA V, which is widely regarded as being a very good game as well as something I had always wanted to play, and the Witcher 3, which was £19.99 for the GOTY edition which includes all 14 minor dlcs and the 2 large dlcs, but was also a completely unknown series to me.I bought the Witcher 3 after reading the reviews on Steam; and ever since I have been hooked.Next to nothing about the game is bad. All of it is at the very least good, and at the very best one of the best gaming experiences out there. The graphics are beautiful- I could spend hours alone just walking around the landscape, taking in the views, admiring the weather patterns, every hill and cave as detailed as each other. Not to mention the sheer SCALE of the map in question- the starting area is small, but the areas you unlock afterwards are vast and breathtaking. The music as well is phenomenal- repetitive it may be, but every time it evokes such a feeling of atmosphere that you can't help but get lost in it. The medieval ambience is just so well implemented.The characters are incredibly well realised- each character changes over the course of the story, and you become so attached them, so much so that I felt genuinely sad when something bad happened to them. Of course, this would all be for naught if it weren't for a compelling story and main character- and that's where the game really shines. Geralt of Rivia is a very, very good character- I won't say anything for spoiler's sake, but he definitely has some of the best moments just through his charming and gruff dialogue. The story is a convincing one. It is a tale which you will become involved with heavily, and there are a fair few twists in it too.But it's not all story- there are a veritable mountain of side quests to do, and to my surprise, only a few feel like chores with no consequence. They are all memorable and exciting, be it fighting a werewolf, a siren, a wraith, an ice giant, or simply helping a silent Druid to talk again.This leads me nicely onto my next point- dialogue options. There's a certain amount of satisfaction that comes with this aspect of the game- while it may not be a pure bred RPG due to the preset characters, the dialogue certainly makes up for this, with each choice you make resounding deeply later on in the game, eventually resulting in a wide combination of endings.I have yet to play the DLC, but some people are saying that they are better than the main game, so there's that to look forward to.I can think of about three cons from the top of my head:-the combat isn't the most thrilling thing, and can be a bit basic.-if you try to get a certain outcome through dialogue, the game can have different ideas for you-the quest markers can be incredibly annoying, so much so that I've had to resort to the internet to see where to look.But apart from these minor flaws, the Witcher 3 is worthy of its title, and is definitely one of the best fantasy games I've ever played. So if you're into action-RPGs, this is definitely worth your time and money, sale or otherwise."
76561198044015716,Recommended,292030,31261270,Posted: 20 April,all,Arturia Pendragon,"This game should be the foundation of all major AAA games in the future. The game itself looks gorgeous and gameplay is phenomenal but what truly shines here are the characters, story and amount of content in this game. I have over 125 hours as I am writing this review and thats on just one playthrough. The scale of some of the stuff that happens is insane and the music fits in so well. And lets not forget Gwent which is literally a game itself. 10/10 A must play"
,Recommended,292030,21180869,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Existential Dread,"Just finished the witcher 3 with about 90 hours played and i must say this game and series may be the best one i have played. Im really a sucker for norse/slavic mythology, great music and interesting story and i must say that this game hits the trifecta prefectly for me. It's one of the only open world games that have actually made me take interest in all the side quest and most of the witcher contracts and found it thoroughly enjoying,Pros:+The super rich lore and world is really interesting too read about+The soundtrack may be one of the greatest i have ever heard, Nothing like listening to the track cloak and dagger that gets you more pumped up for a day+Side quests are interesting and have multiple choiches+Main quest is also very well written and really intersting and is also heavily based on choice+There where very few characters i didn't find interesting+This is controversial but i really enjoyed the combat mechanics+CD projekt red really deserves all the cred in the world for pumping out loads of free content and what ive heard good DLC:s and being genreally a really good company.+Gwent is amazing and would be a super good CCG by its ownCons:-I am now a fanboy-Got a bit of headache if i used the witcher senses for too long as it blurs the screen too much for me (they have since added a option to remove the fish eye lens filter)"
76561198086138014,Recommended,292030,23791304,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Hendrik,Buy that game.
,Recommended,292030,19462918,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Airrows,This is the most engaging and immersive RPG I have ever played. My new favoritate game ever.
76561197997752869,Recommended,292030,20191982,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,✪ MileyCyrus,yes
,Recommended,292030,22338525,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Apathetic,A masterpiece. ♥♥♥♥ the dlc are so good aswell.
76561198080728299,Recommended,292030,22371494,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Brew,10/10 Best RPG in a long time.
76561197977436512,Recommended,292030,27376460,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jaxter ¦ вlϊтz,"To call this a great game is an understatement. This game has now established a standard for which other RPGs need to aspire to. CD Projekt RED should also be commended for a full year of free updates and fixes to an already awesome game, something that is unheard of these days."
,Recommended,292030,31053765,Posted: 9 April,all,coffeekid1,"if you thought skyrim was good, this game will make you cream your pants"
,Recommended,292030,32874695,Posted: 27 June,all,EmperorOfKings,"One of the best RPG of all timeIf you have been looking for a RPG game for a long time this is what you are looking for.Great storyline stunning gameplay and atmosphere and all this at a magnificent high level.And most importantly, the story is absolutely perfect. If you did not go through the previous parts of the series or and did not read the book (What to the word I strongly advise) Still you can easily enjoy the story to the maximum.Undoubtedly 10 out of 10"
76561198081238279,Recommended,292030,28507295,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Motta,Masterpiece.
,Recommended,292030,27257118,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ocsalev,He who dies without playing this game will have lived for nothing.
,Recommended,292030,23312339,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Bernie Jong,"Played over 40 hours on Xbone, and I figured it was time to stop being a pleb. 10x better on PC"
76561197970575019,Recommended,292030,32084807,Posted: 31 May,all,Reformed,"With 745 hours of gameplay for this masterpiece under my belt including a current +1 playthrough (lets you play from the beginning with all skills active..but with leveled up enemies)  I can safely say that this was an is on the same playabilty score of the orignal Deus Ex in terms of RPG gameplay, but on a much larger scale, the facial art is something to be seen as is the actual interaction between player and AI, the World in which you find yourselves has been lovingly thought out and again is something to be seen, add to this the ambient sound scape throught the game that allows you the player to become truely and utterly immersed withing it,  i has hoped seeing the level of art put into this that it was to be a for-runner of next gen gaming but even now nothing touches it even remotely for its size or contend, and if it`s makers do the same for ""Cyber Punk"" when it`s released (and current leaks suggest it`s going to be even bigger than this with the same high levels of details) then it will be a price well spent, if this is not already in you libary i highly recommend you purchase Witcher 3 and prepare yourself for a journey second to non.Pro,Artwork throughout gameLong time playabilityEasy non complicated combatMuch more believable relationship scenesHow you play through the game really does impact on how you the player are recieved, even the smallest decision can have a very large conseqence for the rest of the game .Cons, none to be honest, in all my hours of playing i have not encountered any crashes to desktop nor game breaking bugs none.Could very well result in real life relationship issues due to hours spent gaming. hope you married or have a gamingpartner who can understand."
,Recommended,292030,33091310,Posted: 1 July,all,Mescht,"No matter how many times you play this game, it never gets boring."
,Recommended,292030,25423324,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Kara,"First and foremost, I would like to say that this is not the best game ever made. I am not beyond hyping up this fantastic title; and it is undoubtedly the absolute king of its genre with competition not even coming close. But dubbing it 'the best game ever made' would mean it spans over several genres and hones those to perfection. Which is simply not the case. To smudge hyperbole over a title that so revels in subtlety and diligence in quality is almost insulting.It is, however, an absolute marvel in character writing from which Bioware could learn a thing or two. It has a story that takes inspiration from fairy tales and folklore, both conventional western and slavic. Yet it never feels derivative. Rather, it feels like distinctly its own thing with the way it handles its subject matter and puts a distinctly real take on this fantastical setting. It features a world rife with monsters like Drowners, Nekkers, Vampires, Wyverns, Gryphons, and so on; And it features Geralt of Rivia, a Witcher, trained ruthlessly to either rid or cull the population of these true monsters. There is no place for wonder in the world of The Witcher. These monsters slaughter, maim, and kill without discrimination. These are not the creatures you ride or communicate. They do not instill awe and joy. They instil fear and dread. They're ugly creatures. And it is your job to rid the world of them.I have often heard this game called the 'Game of Thrones of RPGs.' And that is partially true. What I think these people refer to is the fact that each character feels distinct. They are written to be people, not archetypes. Similar to how ASOIF handles its characters. Each has their own motivations, their moral compass, their dreams and aspirations. These people and this world does not solely exist to serve you and your quest for ♥♥♥♥ery. It's torn apart by war. And not between good and evil, but between two empires vying for power, with all the destruction that comes with it. There is evidence for this scattered about the world. Devastated battlefields by the roadside, deserters dangling in the wind as they hang from trees, scavengers and corpse-eaters roaming across said devastated battlefields. Refugees outside cities, the process of witch hunting. By which I mean burning innocents at the stake on the virtue of either being 'non-human' or otherwise. The Witcher 3 does not shy away from marring its game with the evidence of war, prejudice and other such real issues littering its game, and I cannot thank it enough for it.And yet at no point does it shove anything into your face. You are not forced - in regards to the war and other issues that are seeped into the game - to make any decisions. Just like in real life, you can opt to ignore all of it and make no difference whatsoever.  With all the consequences that may have.The atmosphere, especially, is something I cannot praise enough. Thanks to not only Percival & Marcin Przybyłowicz, but also Mikolai Stroinski. For their fantastic job on the soundtrack. Without 'Merchants of Novigrad,' Novigrad would simply not feel the same. Not to mention the songs of Bards and minstrels playing in the streets of the larger cities, and the inns - if you're lucky - at smaller ones. But not only the soundtrack defines the atmosphere, it is the way the cities and the world is crafted as well. When you're out in the countryside, you genuinely feel like you are traveling through the country. I'm not sure how to explain it, but these treks through the forests I've made on horseback have felt like some of the most immersive, following thin trails while traveling from one point to the next. When you're out in the forest, you genuinely do feel like you're out in some forest. Alongside this, the cities all feel distinct from one another. Oxenfurt feels nothing like Novigrad. And while the towns do have a tendency to look similar, they still retain some sort of individuality. White Orchard, for instance, is complete different from most towns you might encounter. Though this is likely to be due to the fact that it is the prologue town, but even then you'll find yourself coming back from time to time. Crow's Perch is equally distinct from any other town, city, or keep in the game. And I found that - while Crow's Perch is a bit of a prick to navigate sometimes. Not due to difficulty, but because of how much of my time it wastes - I was very thankful they were. Though it took a bit of time, I eventually did know where most of the (useful) shops were in all of the cities. On top of that, the towns and especially the cities are beautifully constructed to feel alive, large, and sprawling. And for some reason, as you play more through the game and return to old cities and towns, you genuinely do feel like it has been almost a lifetime since last you visited. And I must admit that I treasure that feeling very dearly. I know it's an illusion, but I've never genuinely felt that way before in a game. It always felt arduous to return to a previous town or city in other game, but never with the sense of nostalgia that I felt in the Witcher 3 when I returned - for instance - in Novigrad. This is in part due to the fact that no town or city ever wears out its welcome, and you will likely spend an ample amount of time either questing, or perhaps simply wandering through the cities. I have spent 116 hours in this game, and it is still a delight for me to return to Novigrad after all the time I have spent in it already. You truly do get to know the city very naturally, and almost intimately with the affairs you end up dabbling in. And personally, I think it is a delight and just another mark of the sheer quality and immersion this game possesses.The combat system can be summarized as a more complex Arkham style system. Or, alternatively, Arkham style combat if it was good. Counters are timed with precision to an attack rather than button prompts and slowdowns. Though still not particularly as deep, it brings enough depth with the variety of strategies you must utilize in order to fight the impressively large enemy roster to not get dull.Again, I would like to iterate. The Witcher 3 is not the best game ever made. That title is innately redundant. What it is, however, is a fantastic game crafted with love, care, and attention and one of the finest gaming experiences I have had the delight of playing. It is a must-have, a defining title of its genre, and the undisputed king of both its genre and writing in videogames as a whole. I simply cannot recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,292030,23460143,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Haz-Matt,"Theres nothing i can say that hasnt been said already but i will say this; every now and then in a generation a game like this comes along. You read about it and see snippets of it just enough to keep you enticed but not enough to ruin it for yourself. Then the game comes out and you start playing for an hour or two. You get some lunch, play for another hour or two.....OR SIX then go ""woah when did it turn 1am?"". This game just opens its doors and invites you in with the smell of hot cocoa and a warm fire at the hearth. Its engaging, rewarding, deep and just amazing, i really can gush forever but i wont. This is one of those games that come out once or twice in a generation and should not be missed."
,Recommended,292030,23449775,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,bigmoist,"After 109hours of gameplay including all the dlc, i can confidentely say that this is the greatest RPG of this decade, if not the greatest ever made. The characters are loveable, unique and interesting. No cut and paste ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. And the quests.. My god the quests! One minute you are chasing down an evil massmurdering woodland spirit and in the next you are in fairytail land doing quests for a goose. The main story is deep and on par with even the greatest written fictions, It will drag you in and keep you there like an addict to heroin.If you dont already own this game (What the hell is wrong with you?), then buy it immediately, this is a must buy for anyone who likes games.10/10"
76561197993131297,Recommended,292030,23462050,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Maestro,"this games is optimized to the perfection. im running i5 750 @ 3.8ghz and 12 gb ram, with gtx 980ti and frames are 50 to 75, 2 displays benq one at 180p 120hz and one one im playing with is benq 1440p 144hz monitor but the game never slows down or glitches, exeperiences is so smooth. the game itself is already awesome so no problems there"
,Recommended,292030,23476707,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Azor Ahai,best game 10/10Best RPG for 2016
,Recommended,292030,33281040,Posted: 5 July,all,Hagal,"The short version.I had this game on Gog Galaxy first, but wanted it on my steam with all my other games, so now I have it here on steam to. I had no problems with buying/paying it again. Because...I have played a lot of games through the years. This is the single best game I have ever played. A true masterpiece."
,Recommended,292030,30100511,Posted: 22 February,all,Fawkes ☕,decent
,Recommended,292030,23250632,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Xeonus,"One of the best (if not the best) RPG's I have ever played. Amazing story, massive open world exploration and side quests, incredibly beautiful graphics. This game is a true masterpiece!"
,Recommended,292030,32880004,Posted: 27 June,all,UrAvgGuy,"Amazing Game. You'll lose hours just telling yourself one more ""?""."
,Recommended,292030,23359367,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Carpe Meme,Game's great but them nekkers are pretty annoying.
,Recommended,292030,19126349,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Vissari,"For the uninitiated, The Witcher series, based on a Polish book series of the same name, follows Geralt, a witcher, which is a mutated human specializing in monster hunting. While the first two games were about tracking down a crime indicate that stole from you, then tracking down an assassin who targeted kings, The Witcher 3 follows Geralt’s attempts to track down his sort-of adopted daughter, Ciri. Those who have not played 1 & 2 get a series of questions posed to them early on in the game that help you choose some critical choices that occurred in those games. There is also a massive character journal giving background on just about everyone written by Geralt’s friend, Dandelion. However, while the opening prologue establishes a fantastic understanding between Geralt and 2 freshly introduced character’s, Yennefer and Ciri, new players might be a bit lost when it comes to some of the prominent characters from the last two games, such as Triss, Zoltan and Dandelion. Your level of immersion in the Witcher universe is entirely up to you, but should you choose to delve deep, you won’t be disappointed.While the last two games took place in a series of medium-large environments, Witcher 3 takes the full step towards completely open world. One can’t help but think of Skyrim in this situation, and it’s very easy to see similarities. However, the game never feels like its stealing concepts. I can set my marker 300 m away and still encounter a guarded treasure, a monster with a bounty on its head, and a woman in desperate need of her lost frying pan on the way. It’s a game that rewards those that discover exploration and curiosity. Yet despite running around and doing those secondary tasks, you never quite feel like you’re just grinding, its genuinely engaging to walk into a new town and discover the people and their problems. I myself have yet to find a single ‘go to the forest and kill x amount of x’ quests. Along the way you pick up recipes for various bombs, materials, swords, armor, and mutagens that can enhance your abilities. These come together in a crafting system with a massive amount of ingredients. The problem that can occur is that few hints are given on where to find particular plants or materials. Even further unexplained is the dismantling system, where you can break down materials into smaller, different pieces.The big feature that the Witcher series got known for was its choice and consequence system, which went the extra mile to make sure that you were constantly never truly sure if you were making the right decision. To prevent you from simply reloading the game upon making a bad choice, the game is written so that often times you won’t know the consequence of your actions until you encounter them much later on. The game also features a Sherlock Holmes/Batman style ‘Witcher Sense’, which highlights special objects in the environment that you can use. Many times when you pick up a bounty against a monster, it starts at the scene where it last attacked, it’s up to you to figure out what did it, and to pick up it’s trail. Personally I found this feature to be a little bit overused, but it is still engaging nonetheless.The combat varies heavily on what difficulty you set it on. On the lowest difficulty, you may just get away with hacking and slashing, however on anything higher and you have to rely on your tools, movement, spells, timing and more. Geralt is extremely mobile and on top of parrying attacks he can also roll and quick dodge, albiet the controls for quick dodge can be a bit awkward. The brilliant thing about the monster design in this game is that no one is given visible weak points to exploit. In order for Geralt to be most effective, witchers need to prepare. There’s a bestiary that keeps track of the various weaknesses of each of the monsters. Being able to survive comes down to playing smart, and preparing beforehand. Higher level play demands patience and knowledge of your opponent. That’s not to say that the lower difficulty levels ruin the game, it’s just that they feel like two separate experiences.In previous Witcher games, there was always a game that served as a side quest. Witcher 1 & 2 featured dice poker, which didn’t have a whole lot of strategy to it but wasn’t a chore to play. Witcher 3 adds in a card game named Gwent in the mindset of Hearthstone to play, with 4 separate decks to build and use to compete against dozens of NPC’s. This is a massive step up from the previous games, and is definitely a worthwhile side quest that takes much more skill and understanding of the game to succeed in.As far as the graphics in the game go, it is absolutely stunning to look at, albeit a very difficult game to run with the settings maxed out. The Witcher 3 still manages to be a very stunning looking game. The character detail stands out the most, and the main characters in the game have a noticeably higher quality level of motion capture compared to the village NPC’s. Even small things like Geralt’s beard can astound, which grows overtime unless you have it shaven.However, the game is not without its faults, most of these are minor however, since this has been one of the better launches I’ve seen recently. Falling damage in the game is massively overpowered, taking away large chunks of Geralt’s health for dropping down 1.5 stories. Your horse can get stuck on odd parts of geometry. The swimming /diving controls can be very awkward. Sometimes during the Witcher Sense, Geralt can run, other times he can’t. There’s the aforementioned glitch in the Gwent game that I experienced, as well as the rare crash or two. The soundtrack, while amazing, can get a bit repetitious during combat. There’s a vocal track that sounded amazing in the trailers but when you hear that lady frantically singing for the 30th time on the way to the nearest town, you really wish you could tell her to just calm down. But as I mentioned, the games faults tend to be more on the minor side, and even those that are there could be patched out.So if you’re looking for an absolutely massive RPG with an engaging world and characters look no further than The Witcher 3, and while you’re at it, pick up 1 & 2, which are often on sale for $5 and under. This is CD Project RED’s magnum opus, their ultimate build up for the franchise that PC gamers have loved since 2007. You will absolutely get your moneys worth with this game, and will not be disappointment with the sheer amount of treasures to hunt, people to kill, sorceress’s to screw, and frying pans to be found.9.3/10"
,Recommended,292030,17146969,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Taranis,"Outstanding direction, phenomenal visuals, lovable characters and incredible atmosphere. It's a joy to play from beginning to end (which could easily go over 200 hours), and never fails to impress with memorable places, emotional quests and an impecable soundtrack. It's obviously a giant labor of love that will be remembered as a milestone in game design and cherished by many RPG fans in decades to come."
76561197970412946,Recommended,292030,23301254,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Zxzz,"The game play is great, the visuals are awesome but the choices... the choices are what makes this game stand out. Nothing is simple, sure, sure, sometimes monsters are just that, but other times the humans are far worse... and sometimes you are the worst monster of all... but all for the greater good. Right?Right.At least that is what I tell myself so I can sleep at night."
,Recommended,292030,20209504,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,dattebayo,"THE FEELS, I regret buying it on a sale. DEVS SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY"
,Recommended,292030,23805010,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ASH+Vocaholic,"This game doesn't need any -more- positive reviews, really. But I feel obliged to write one anyway because I'm enjoying it quite thoroughly and am poised of my verdict. That said, I'm not going to paint the whole picture because I think it pretty much speaks for itself and if need be; one only has to take a glimpse around the store page.I will just point out one particular thing which some may consider trivial.. The ability to simulate a save from the previous game which alters the world state by the choices you made back then. It's something I personally can appreciate as someone who completed a full playthrough of the Witcher 2, but that was off-steam and quite some time ago for which I obviously don't own the save file anymore. As big or little as it may matter, it just gives my playthrough a bit more 'personalization' and it's actually a nice little refresh of important events from the previous game.In any case.. Yes, it's truly a great game and I would go as far as stating it's the best RPG I've had the pleasure of experiencing up to date. Well worth it's full asking price.. and even the DLC has the best bang for your buck than any other game I can moderately think of."
,Recommended,292030,23454845,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Scream,Better than Skyrim!
,Recommended,292030,20188473,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Cheff Manchev,"JUST A MASTERPIECEMan, what a game. First game in about five years that made me cry at the end. Great story, beautiful world and amazing mechanics. It took me about 30 hours to beat the story, and it seemed like an hour to me. You will feel like you live whole another life while playing this game. There are so much more quests, witcher contracts that you can complete, you can easily spend 100 hours it the game having fun even after you have completed the story. A must buy for any gamer."" Why do you carry two swords?""""One is for killing monsters.... the other is for killing humans... like you.""- Geralt of Rivia"
76561198120955215,Recommended,292030,25140083,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,traughdaddy,"Dont buy this game, you will spend the rest of your days searching for a game as good and immersive as this one, and it simply will not happen.  Best single player game I've ever played."
,Recommended,292030,23627521,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Cpt. Fritz [29ID],"This game is a masterpiece in both gameplay mechanics and narrative.  Even sub topics such as sexism, sex, love, hate, racism, abuse, addiction,  etc. are beautifully portrayed.  If you're looking for a trully moving and engaging story, then this will surely deliever, so long as you can spare the time to do so.  I would also recommend picking up the two titles in the series that preceeed this one as they are both fun games and will give you a better understanding of the happenings in this game."
,Recommended,292030,20748568,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,crax,"Best RPG I've ever played. Story, Gameplay and Graphics are absolutely amazing. Great game."
,Recommended,292030,17519558,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Monty,Top Game.
,Recommended,292030,23266569,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,xDOPEx86,"This became my favorite game next to Final Fantasy VII.Geralt became my favorite character next to Cloud Strife.The gameplay is real fun, especially as you get more and more used to the controls, movement and mechanics.The story is great. The main story is fun, and every side quest has it's own story as well.The enviroment looks excellent also, graphics are great, gameplay was smooth.GTX 970 SSC had this game around 60 FPS on Ultra except for Hairworks the whole time through.I definatley recommend this game. The amount of hours you can get out of this is incredible.Props to CDProjektRed!!!!"
76561198044920332,Recommended,292030,20651638,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Captain China,I know you're just scrolling through the comment reviews for just one of two reasons.1) To find out if you should exhaust your wallet for this game.2) You already beaten the game and seeing how many more people out there love this game.I have one of two responses for you.1) Buy the DLC too while you're at it.2) Hello fellow witcher.
,Recommended,292030,32028757,Posted: 28 May,all,ExileKnight91,"If you're an RPG fan, the witcher 3 is a MUST buy! Such a great game!The world of the witcher 3 is so monumental and visually stunning. One of the best games i've ever played to be honest! Tons and tons of great content, great combat, amazing music, and a remarkable story. What an adventure!I give the witcher 3 a score of 9/10. I recommened of course!"
,Recommended,292030,27536036,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,"Lidor ""Captain"" Rosh","How would I sum up Wither 3?Picture it like this:You're 29. Been single for 3 years now after your gf left you for some other guy. You're heartbroken, but you try to be strong because you can't let anyone see your pain.Then suddenly you meet her. She is perfect in every way. You fall in love instantly. She loves you too. Everything is perfect. You get married. Have 3 kids. Everything is amazing. You're the happiest you've ever been in your life.Suddenly they all die tragically in a freak ultimate frisbee accident.You're left broken and dead inside. There is no comfort for you. No relief. There is nothing left for you to look for in this life. Only death.This is what the Witcher 3 is like. You play it. You love every second of it. Then it ends, leaving you broken and empty inside asking yourself ""Did I just play the game or did this game play me?"".42 / 10. Would pick Yenn over Triss again."
,Recommended,292030,19389274,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,PTSD,无论别人怎么说过  都是值得体验的游戏 值得回味的经历  值得欣赏的世界
,Recommended,292030,28962865,Posted: 2 January,all,LukeCukem,Pros:Killing miscarried childrensex with many 100 year old womengreat father daughter bondinggreat musicgreat charactersgreat storyCons:boobs not large enough plz fix cd project red
,Recommended,292030,23173911,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Liquid Sammy,Best game ever.
,Recommended,292030,23020681,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Zephyr,"A wonderful game full of mysteries and drowners. It took me ~65 hours to complete my first playtrough and the expansion pass will add another ~30 hours. The game's graphics are gorgeous and its combat system is fantastic. Charachter design and interactions are solid. As for its story, oh boy... it's like reading a book, but you're the one who's controls its end.I would definitely recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,292030,32185673,Posted: 4 June,all,White Wolf | Sumeet,a Must play game by all gamers worth buying game
,Recommended,292030,25166234,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Namikai,"The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is my favorite game of all time and, in my opinion, the greatest game ever created. Every aspect is absolutely amazing. The graphics are beautiful and perfectly complement each of the game's landscapes. The music is epic and each track is played at just the right moment to enhance your immersion and convey the perfect mood. Each quest feels unique and takes you on a journey of its own. Sometimes within these quests, you'll have to make choices where there is no ""right"" choice, only what you feel is right, which is a nice break from the standard ""Choose this to be good and this to be bad"". There's also what might be the greatest ensemble of voice actors in a game. Every actor sounds like they're supposed to be in this universe and it only furthers the immersion. Peppered throughout the game are moments of humor and romance that help balance out the grim, gritty tone of the game's world.The Witcher 3 is a beautiful, emotional adventure through an engaging and equally beautiful world. My final verdict is an easy 10/10."
,Recommended,292030,16210612,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,kr∅xzie,"Thank you, CD PROJECT RED.For a game which was like other life.I will not say loud words of greatness, because all who played knows what this game is.So, just thank you, CD PROJECT RED."
76561198058780641,Recommended,292030,32629206,Posted: 21 June,all,Wengko,best game evah
,Recommended,292030,32892117,Posted: 27 June,all,☆FirstAid☆,"Never played with such a great game before.10/10  Must play game-Amazing story-Great characters <3-Very good voice acting-Beautiful graphics-Immersive landscapes-Awesome soundtrackBest game, go ahead, buy it"
,Recommended,292030,27271437,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Snow bunny,This game is everything
76561198118775201,Recommended,292030,23304285,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,TheInnKeeper,5/5: took me 107 hours to decide to finish the main quest and I enjoyed every second of it.
,Recommended,292030,25043408,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,djwrocks,"Pre-ordered 1 year and some before its release.Played the campaignThrew a baby in an ovenHad sex with womenWaited for expansionFinished expansion in 20 hoursGot all the Viper GearGot the last expansionGot bitten by a vampireGot the duchess and her sister killed at the same timeKilled a phsycopathic VampireGot back together with an old friend who is also a vampireCried at the endOverall 100/10 would throw babies in ovens, cheat on yennefer, kill the duchess, get bitten by a vampire, and waste another 125 hours of my life playing it again. Best RPG ever"
,Recommended,292030,19987506,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Biggles,"+ Possibly the best open-world RPG ever made.+ Incredible graphics+ Multi-faceted  story+ Excellent voice acting- Better have a good PC and video card- You may never finish it, it's so humongousWitcher 3 is possibly one of the best games ever made. If you miss this, you've missed the best technical and artistic works that humankind has been able to cook-up thus far.Better than Skyrim.  I cannot dish out enough praise for this accomplishment.It's positively stunning.You'll spend hours just walking around the cities exploring nooks and crannies.You'll probably spend 100 hours and not even finish it halfway. It's magnificent."
76561198061852123,Recommended,292030,31956754,Posted: 25 May,all,Jbbiiiii,"I bet many of you have asked youself ""I wonder how a perfect game would look like?"". I have asked myself that question and have finaly found my answer. The answer is The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is simply a masterpiece where every little detail is perfect.Everything from story, music, map, graphics, character system to combat is just gloriously perfect and i cannot think of a game that has this attention to detail.Simply the best game I have ever played"
,Recommended,292030,18180053,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,HelixiaGaming,+ Vast areas to explore+ Nice armoursets and weapons+ Beautiful music+ Nice story+  Cool combat- Sometimes it is The Glitcher instead of The Witcher. These glitches are not game breaking rather funny and sometimes annoying.
,Recommended,292030,31982487,Posted: 26 May,all,Rocknack,"I once wrote a review about Skyrim saying it was the best RPG I had played. Hands down this one is better. Not only is it overwhelming in every regard (story, graphics, character design, visuals, music and let me repeat - story), no. It is also one of the very few works I know that does the books that it is based off justice. Normally, I refuse to compare film or game to it's literary source but this one does not need to fear comparison. It is true to it's roots. The game lacks the enormous number of sexual scenes that the first part of the series contained (and is well known for) but that is the only thing that it has lost. In every other aspect it has grown compared to part I and II. Better combat, better skill system, better writing, better sex (if you manage to get laid which is at least somewhat of a challenge compared to the first game where you literally had to toss a girl flowers and nothing else to make her I'm really going on about the sex thing aren't I) and better everything. Buy it. Even on full price, with all DLC. You will not regret it for a second you play this gem."
,Recommended,292030,29813850,Posted: 9 February,all,Bepsi Ate,I saw a rat multiply itself and then they all ran down the street in a perfect line
,Recommended,292030,32860205,Posted: 27 June,all,m_ivko,"This is probably the best rpg ever made, easily the best open world game ever made and maybe the best game ever made. It's also the only AAA game I have ever paid full price for and its making me want to do it again for everything else CD Projekt Red puts out."
,Recommended,292030,17266128,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Weasel,"Game of the year 2015 for me, in my opinion this is a game in RPG category which should be played without any doubt"
76561198125620029,Recommended,292030,27481661,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bot Lenny,Worth Every Hour.
76561198074899056,Recommended,292030,31166564,Posted: 15 April,all,Quarter,"Highly recommended. Amazing experience from the beginning, including both dlc. For me, it was THE best RPG experience."
,Recommended,292030,31166765,Posted: 15 April,all,TirathonSaltheril,"BEST game ive EVER played. Absolutely in love with it, so much fun and great story"
76561198061965860,Recommended,292030,31166458,Posted: 15 April,all,MadKoala,Pros: Everything.Cons: No slav squat.
,Recommended,292030,20561199,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,rob,"A fantastic RPG with lots of small details that make you think: ""Damn, CD Projekt Red really took their time with this game"".Great story that had me teared up twice with 3 different and signifcant endings to the main storyline.Overall a masterpiece of a game!999/10"
,Recommended,292030,25030765,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,drew,"The best RPG I've ever played. It's polished, detailed and every fine detail has been taken care of. Choices are grey, not black and white, with consequences that could affect you immediately or 20 hours down the line.The only downside is the combat but it's honestly just being nitpicky, it shouldn't dampen your experience and there are always mods available to change it up.10/10"
76561197996665221,Recommended,292030,17247213,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,urbakk,One of the best games ever made. After the hunt for the Wild Hunt the real hunt has just begun. Hunt for the question marks.10/10
,Recommended,292030,27592953,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Doulos,Best game ever!
,Recommended,292030,32874600,Posted: 27 June,all,Khyler,Wind's Howling
76561198183937579,Recommended,292030,21382414,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,jeff is a blooody freak,very niche
,Recommended,292030,19913078,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,pdfarsight,"Best game of 2015. Actually, best game of the last 10 years. Seriously. This is a game that cannot be missed. You don't even have to play Witcher 1 or 2 first. If you like open-world RPGs AT ALL, you have to try this game."
76561198023293461,Recommended,292030,19020193,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,dazedsheep,You like an immersive story?  A world that is alive? Side quests everywhere that actually tell a little (sometimes not related to main story line) story? - Then this is your game. Absolutely one of the best RPGs I've played.
,Recommended,292030,21524675,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Cloudy,"My computer couldn't really handle the game, so I had to play it through at a decreased resolution at ~20 FPS.I still give it a 10/10."
,Recommended,292030,18861243,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,WomanOfWonder,Wild Hunt is an excellent addition to the The Witcher series. I love the balance of story line and gameplay. With so many characters and different outcomes the replayability is ridiculous. Would highly recommend this game to anyone with a love of rpg and open world.
,Recommended,292030,23769449,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Loki Boi,11/10
76561198029135313,Recommended,292030,15990080,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,AndyMac2010,brilliant game
,Recommended,292030,16006819,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,yuri,just finished the main quest and... what a game!so complete.10/10
76561198079328009,Recommended,292030,16070735,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,kdrop88,One of the best games I have ever played. This game has something for everyone to enjoy. Don't waste time reading reviews and just simply buy this game.
76561198012084615,Recommended,292030,15974796,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,icysoft,"Fantastic game, best game I have played in years. I do not want it to end... see nothing comparable coming up .. for a long time, perhaps Witcher 4 :)"
76561198096403205,Recommended,292030,15975290,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,PtEvAnS,............................Wow...........................
,Recommended,292030,15986210,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,ghogon,Buy this game NOW!
76561198147407667,Recommended,292030,15986254,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,same,"best game since rock, paper, scissors"
76561198035948044,Recommended,292030,15989595,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,CandyMonsterTM,Great Story and delivers fully on the Hype maybe even surpasses it
,Recommended,292030,15991701,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Misaka19487,"Although my pc is not able to use high graphic setting, the graph is still amazing. By the way, I think the best part of the game is the gwent cards. The motivation for me to play the main story is to meet new NPC to play gwent with me in order to win new cards."
,Recommended,292030,15993017,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Worlds Pride,"Best RPG of all time, a must buy!"
76561198014842289,Recommended,292030,15994762,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,FBI Director Burt Macklin,One of if not the greatest game ever made.
76561198052299579,Recommended,292030,15996453,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,God-Emperor of Mankind,Hearthstone Witcher 3 edition
,Recommended,292030,15997364,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,JIAKEY,10 out of 10 best game ever
76561198040395091,Recommended,292030,15998664,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,LekStacy,The Wild Hunt is actually a reference for finding all the Gwent cards!
76561198038036901,Recommended,292030,15998697,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Gregg,one of the best games I've ever seen
,Recommended,292030,15999190,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Alomar,"The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt review:I've never been a large fan of the previous Witcher titles, I've only played the 2nd one partly through. The story always seemed good in those games but I found many other areas lacking, so I never gave them much of a shot. Come May this year after seeing quite a few impressive gameplay vids and reading all the positive changes Witcher 3 had compared to it's predecessors I decided to give it a go. All I can say is it does not disappoint in the slightest.I find myself immersed into the world of Witcher 3 unlike very few games have ever accomplished in the past. The comparison of this game to Elder Scrolls: Skyrim is one even I myself have done and discussed with many other gamers I know who were on the fence about this title. Very few games have accomplished amazing graphics, story, combat, ui, crafting, character development, exploration, questing, etc. all within one game. The norm has become focussing on a few of those areas and lacking in the rest. The Witcher 3 has hit all of those marks and more for me, I've not enjoyed an rpg this much since the launch of Skyrim.I'd recommend this game to any gamer, whether casual or hardcore as you can loose yourself into it just as much in 30 mins of play as you can in 3 hours. I went from barely giving Witcher games a thought to becoming a new fan that will follow whatever this IP comes up with in the future due to this game. I'm a hardcore pvp gamer who rarely finds the time to or has the patience to do pve or enjoy stories, yet I can't get enough of this game and haven't played another game since it's release, nor do I plan to for weeks to come. This is just further evidence at how well done this game is, in the end after over 15 years of hardcore gaming (hundreds of games) this game has become my number 3 favorite rpg of all time following Kotor 1, and very closely behind Skyrim.Thanks for reading and best of luck in your adventures,- Alomar (hooked)"
76561198033365224,Recommended,292030,16029986,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Placenta Juan,10/10 would ignite a torch again.
76561198030324538,Recommended,292030,16030125,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,hellbinger,Great story oriented game recommend to anyone who likes dark souls style controls and detective work
76561198028350033,Recommended,292030,16063967,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,ChronoX,Possibly one of the best the best single player RPGs ever made. been playing every chance I get and I've barely even scratched the surface. Can't get enough. Witcher 3 has single-handedly restored my faith in the gaming industry. Amazing story is tons of replayability. There's a fairly complex card game called Gwent within the game as well. The expansions are amazing as well.
,Recommended,292030,16065954,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Garenator,Card Game with some RPG elements and real time beard growing12/10 would buy again
,Recommended,292030,16072419,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Assplunger,"Bought Witcher 3, ended up playing Magic: The Gathering.10/10 -- Would be deceived again."
,Recommended,292030,16081993,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,[GT]KingKaslob,"Hands down the best rpg I've ever played.  It has its fair share of bugs, but other than that I have zero complaints about The Witcher 3.  The world feels alive, the combat is on point, the skill tree is pretty large and is able to be respecced, and most importantly - you really feel like you are assuming the role of a mother♥♥♥♥ing witcher.  The witcher contracts and quests are written perfectly for the open world setting and it really amplifies the wandering monster slayer atmosphere.  Awesome game all around"
,Recommended,292030,15997949,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Masurai,The Witcher 3 is easily the best RPG anybody could play this year.BUY IT. BUY IT NOW.
,Recommended,292030,16004770,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Nebuchadnezzar,10/10 work of art
,Recommended,292030,16004960,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Gonzor,"So far I can say this game is easily one of the best I have played. Immersive world with interesting quests that provide entertainment through good story that makes you question your own decision as they affect the world and may unfold in completely different scenarios later in the game.Regarding combat, in lower difficulties you can treat it as your usual hack and slash game. But I seriously recommend trying the hardest difficulties as they prove a decent challenge. Please note however, the first zone you are left to explore is just the starting area and serves as a prologue to the game where you get most of the tutorials, also the combat isn't particularly difficult during this part of the story. So don't be disappointed if you find the starting zone rather easy, soon you will find yourself in a much bigger area filled with so much content and many enemies over your level, you will learn to choose your fights carefully, specially at the starting levels.The feeling of adventure is always there and you can find more often that not something fun to try next time you visit a place."
,Recommended,292030,16071840,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,YEAS,sick game
,Recommended,292030,16003223,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,b1nn,Epic game
,Recommended,292030,16004857,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,MongolPrime,"My Game-of-the-Year, and personal new favorite game of all time beating out his predecessor The Witcher 2. Thank you CDPR for making a game that will truly revamp the current requirements for a good game."
76561198059020740,Recommended,292030,16029861,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,smurfdontlku,"By far the best game ever played. The company gives 16 free dlc every now and then?? Nobody does that.  To top it all off,  the expansion is what it is named, an expansion of many hours. People complain about how the graphics got downgraded but for such a big game, it honestly cannot be a big deal as it still looks good. If you don't use a potato as a computer like the people who complain about the game then you should be fine.+story+choices made in the past (witcher 1+2) are shown+love choice+it will make your beard grow while you play+a game to be played and explored for over a 100 hours easy.11/10- like skyrim but minimal glitches and badass"
76561198124028362,Recommended,292030,16030374,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Fetus Deletus,I have a car loan and student loans. spent $50 of money I don't have.10/10 would be more in debt
76561198028022705,Recommended,292030,16064954,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Denali,"This is the best single player RPG ever made.  Its strange to say that just months after saying the same thing about Dragon Age 3, but it was true then, and its true now.   The graphics, the ambiance, the weather, the music, the writing, the voice acting, e v e r y t h i n g... is top notch and even the UI, an after thought to so many other endeavors, is a step above everything that has come before it.Without having ever played a single witcher game, though I have, you will instantly be transported into this dark twisted world full of stories and situations you've never had the pleasure of participating in in any other game.  Escaped aborted fetus trying to kill the Baron and his family, that♥♥♥♥♥♥can happen, and as a witcher you are the guy they call when it does.  Over 200 hours, I'm told, plus DLC's packed with more means that if you aren't playing this game, you are just wasting your time spinning your wheels somewhere else.Conclusion?  If you enjoy RPG's, you will love this and treasure it fondly for months, if not, something is probably wrong with you anyways.  Love, Sunspots."
76561198077521419,Recommended,292030,16085076,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,PiNk PeN15 ENLARGEMENT PILL,"How should I put it, by far this is the best RPG game I have ever played(tied with skyrim)This isn't some generic AAA game your paying for, truly a masterpiece. The sidequests aren't boring, the gameplay isn't repetitive at ALL, the environment is just gorgeous, and the combat system is amazing.Overall, the game is worth every single penny and i would highly recommend this game to any Witcher/RPG fans out there!"
,Recommended,292030,15976442,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,(LJ)▲,The best RPG and possibly best game I've ever played. Certainly the best story and side quests. You dont need prior knowledge from the previous games although it might familiarize you with some returning characters but you have a sort of journal that describes your past with people in the world.
76561198041735712,Recommended,292030,15997285,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,SlayerOfLlamas,"This game. Let me tell you about this game. I just finished my first playthrough in about 60 hrs. I completed a lot of the side quests and witcher contracts. This game is the best RPG to come out in a decade IMO. I only have two complaints about the game thus far. I say that because I fully intend to play through the game at least one more time, I'm still captivated by it! Anyways, my two complaints are:1. Game would crash every 5-10 minutes during a specific quest in the Skellige Isles. Bug seemed to be isolated to this quest for me, but still was very frustrating and almost discouraged me from continuing. Luckily it stopped occurring after a little progression.2. Travelling on horseback can often be very frustrating, horses often stop running for no reason which can have a negative impact on quest success. Once again, I mostly traveled on foot except when racing the horses or travelling a large distance so I did not have to deal with this much.Overall was a wondrous experience and I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys story driven RPGs and/or dark fantasy. Prepare to be depressed though, game really gives good insight into the nature of mankind and such."
76561198029689422,Recommended,292030,16030174,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Nhight,This game deserves to be the GOTY 2015: One of the most immersive RPG ever.
,Recommended,292030,16044975,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Nakiami,Just finished the story line ............ i feel emotional and empty inside.9000/10 WILL play again!EDIT: played all the expansions and dlc ... i felt fullfilled and then it ended again :<<3 ty CD Projekt Red u the real MVP
76561198075679317,Recommended,292030,32908857,Posted: 27 June,all,Surge,so good!
76561198086878174,Recommended,292030,32974915,Posted: 28 June,all,✪ Phoenix.zYke ✪,"pirated this game from wild hunt to heart of stone (not proud of it), and when I am done I totally vow to buy such an awesome game and play it again!and bought the other 2 of course, thats how much i loved the game.TOTALLY RECOMMENDED!"
,Recommended,292030,32957259,Posted: 28 June,all,✠KoNnA✠,This game is worth every euro/dollar/pound. masterpiece
76561198041645844,Recommended,292030,15999231,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Shaniqua,"Best RPG ever. if your like me and dont play the story that must then this is for you, the sidequests and witcher contracts are great.only con to this game is that its all you can play, so F@*#@NG addicting!!!!!!11/10 cant stop playing."
76561198005182217,Recommended,292030,16001205,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Obsydium,"One of the best open world games ever made. A masterpiece of story telling that draws you into a dark, dirty and very real world where pain and suffering are all around and your desire to help those around you may have results you never saw coming.Graphics - 9/10Regardless of the 'graphics downgrade' this is a beautiful piece of gaming art. Simply looking at the skyline in the evening is enough to keep you interested for longer that you would think. Lighting effects and wonderfully detailed environments make this a gem amongst games. Facial design and textures are particularly excellent even at lower graphics settings. A few minor issues aside such as the oddly over-animated trees this is easily one of the best looking games ever made considering its epic scale.Gameplay - 8/10If you have played the previous Witcher game you should be familiar with how this game plays. If like myself you have a game controller to hand it works fine. However, if you are only using keyboard and mouse this can feel a little awkward. Combat is fluid, not quite up to that standard of the Arkham games but still very enjoyable. The simple act of wandering through the wilds of this game is awesome on its own even if you don't run into anything that wants to eat you.Story - 9/10Never before has a game made you this aware that you have made an impact on the world around you and in such a subtle way. There is no indicator telling you if you are making the 'correct' decision you just make it as you would in real life. Trying your best to help a person only to find out that what you did has doomed another you never knew is a refreshing change from a game holding your hand asking ""are you sure?"" every time you talk to an important person. As in Whitchers past the story is excellently written and involves topics that are sadly lacking in many AAA games. Moments that  seem believably part of this sometimes harrowing world and not simply a grotesque shock tool.Overall - 9/10A few minor issues here and there and bugs that should be ironed out soon. A must buy for all RPG/open world fans.  This is easily one of the best RPG games ever made and is certainly a contender for game of the year.A wonderful, terrible, beautifully dirty adventure through a real world filled with thoroughly believable characters. Well done CD Project Red."
76561197994503099,Recommended,292030,16002707,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Hortan,"It is in a word 'Excellent'.There are small nitpicks like the controls on KeyBoard/Mouse and the interface but other then that it is a disturbingly well crafted game.The writing and character of the world are some of the best I've ever encountered, the graphics although lamented are well above standard fare, love of the craft can be felt across the world from the lowliest fecal-stained bucket to the mighty castle.Quest-wise this game is GOTY, where repetition is something you have to actively search for!"
76561198175094537,Recommended,292030,16003239,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Slxngerz,"Really good game, amazing graphics. really fun game to play and plenty to do. really makes the player get involved with the story line."
,Recommended,292030,16004022,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Wolfenstrike,My personalGOTY 2015. Absolutely love it! :D
76561198173733097,Recommended,292030,16034863,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Sky Knight,sex. on. a. Godd**n. UNICORN. ENOUGH SAID.
76561198055439653,Recommended,292030,21551646,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Scorch,"""Witcher, why two swords?""""They're both for monsters"" -Geralt﻿Need I say more?"
76561198028696622,Recommended,292030,15989063,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Twitch,I dont even know what so say about the story... This game is truly a masterpiece forged by god developers. This game had me in tears 10/10 Best Game Ever.
76561197993528736,Recommended,292030,15989175,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Spectrum,"The best RPG game I have ever played.Pros:Great combat, it feels good to be back playing a challenging game!Amazing character and story progressionBeautiful scenery, the environment feels so alive with dynamic events etc.GREAT scripting! The conversations and choices (and consequences) you make in this game is just splendid!The monsters and other non humanoids, they are so well done, some of them even have intriguing backgrounds!Geralt of Rivia, that man is a beast, I have never played Witcher 1 or 2, which is a shame, but after playing this game for 30+ hours now, I think I will do those 2 games before I do a 2nd play through to get the full knowing about the lore and characters.Cons: (Not much here tbh, and they are certainly not game breaking)I see to much of the same faces, all though there are a quite a lot of different AI faces throughout the game, a patch would maybe fix this, but I wouldn't be craving for it, it's just a small annoyance.The ♥♥♥♥ing guards taunts me with their farts all the time, they even find it funny! ♥♥♥♥ing cockroaches!So yeah, thats it. 10/10 game. Would DEFINITELY recommend this to others! Here's hoping the expansions are as great as the main game is, and a Witcher 4!"
76561198121394448,Recommended,292030,16034908,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,UltimusTK,Game makes my GPU cry.10/10
,Recommended,292030,20301787,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,General Coalition,"Only 8 hours played and i think this is one of my favorite games!Really fantastic grapics!!The story is very capturing!This is a game that is really well made and i love it! xDI will recommend this game, for all who like RPG and open world games!"
,Recommended,292030,20675462,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Salty Rain,"I ♥♥♥♥ING CRIED SO MUCH AT THE END, I WAS TOO EMOTIONALLY ATTACHED. DONT DO IT TO YOURSELF, DECISIONS MATTER. IT WAS SO EMOTIONALThe Witcher 3 is undeniably one of the best games I have ever played.The beautiful graphics and scenery enhanced by the amazing gameplay, story, side quests and general amazing open world feel.It is a beautifully made game and i would recommend it to any game lover."
76561197966568064,Recommended,292030,21251360,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Bie,"Dark, mature fantasy roleplaying game at its best.Decent graphics coupled to great sound design and awesome music make this game really immersive. Yet what makes it really come to life is its characters. Important characters are not paper cut outs of each other. They are well fleshed out and are voice acted very well. They are tragic, funny, wierd, likable, but above all interesting.An open world is there to be explored, yet the game stays focused somehow. Quests, be it main or side, kept my interest and don't seem to much of a chore to do.An RPG lovers delight."
,Recommended,292030,21312644,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Uranium Venison,"Real life has nothing on the witcher 3. I recommend everyone to abandon their jobs/education, as long as you've saved up enough to purchase the witcher 3 and can purchase food/water/toilet paper, for long enough to complete it."
,Recommended,292030,21626036,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Dr. Chipotle,"The best game i have ever played, and heres why. Story is very interesting and expansive, The characters are relatable and lovable, The side missions are amazingly unique and suprislingly different from normal side quests, Every small move you make changes the outcome of the world, gameplay is fun and fluent, many dialougue options, And the graphics are amazing, By far my favourite game ever to date."
76561198008782088,Recommended,292030,15989145,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,helr3per,"Game Of Year without a doubt. The environment alone will place new standard for future next gen games. I have been blown away in how natural everything looks with the wind and rain. The horse path tracking,  like in red dead redemption, is refreshing. The story is interesting and the side missions enjoyable. Monster hunting feels great, as I constantly felt challenged, and rewarding. The crafting is overwhelming! This is not a bad thing and adds to the games scale.10/10"
,Recommended,292030,19964185,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,セザリくん .:. Cez,"This game is something other companies can learn off. CDPR created masterpiece with only a small amount of people compared to other big companies. The world, quests, side quests, characters, backgrounds, everything, with such detail! The game is perfect for someone who likes something new. The game is perfectly linked with the books and previous parts. Geralt is a great character with a personality of a true witcher. You really feel like you control him. And the choices you can make! Everything is great about this game.My favourite quest: Bloody Baron quest."
76561198003649016,Recommended,292030,21371788,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Garic,A very big thank you to those who built this masterpiece.Although I would also give a little kick in the butt to those who made the horse riding system.
,Recommended,292030,22015544,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,"Conrad Turbo, Fist Machine",It isn't the most awarded video game ever for no reason. Simply stunning graphics and side quests that are better than main quests in other rpgs. Also Gwent is extremely addictive.
,Recommended,292030,22056674,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Mesozoic Mystery,Best game... Best game... Best game...Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good♥♥♥♥♥♥mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmGood♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,292030,22328607,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,SBthePOTATO,"This game took over portal 2 for me as all time favourite, imo game of the decade by far.I normally dont even like RPG games so that should say a lot about this masterpiece."
,Recommended,292030,25520973,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Sho,"300 hours later, I've done almost every single thing in the game, including all the expansions.WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ DO I DO NOW? I CAN'T GO BACK TO OTHER GAMES."
,Recommended,292030,28559173,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Bobby B,"The LeBron James of RPGs, the GOAT. Legendary game. The King of every single aspect an RPG can have. Second play through was just as good, if not better than the first."
76561197978351646,Recommended,292030,28107834,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Mr_Benn,"It's the only game I've played where it felt like my consciousness shifted to the mind of a medieval person. This must be due to the graphics, and the atmosphere of the game. I felt as if I were there, in that world, a person ignorant and yet full of wonder, awestruck by the mysteries of nature; an insignificant being in a world ruled by strange forces, living in fear of the unknown and of the Gods. At night I did not want to leave the safety of the village; and the Moon was a great, mysterious wonder made me feel small and vulnerable.I've only played a few hours, because it's like that bottle of rare, expensive whisky that sits in my drinks cabinet, produced by a distillery that closed down long ago, like a Brora or a Port Ellen. Every sip is exquisite, but it means some more of it has gone. Too good to drink, so I spend more time dreaming about it, than actually drinking it."
,Recommended,292030,29730190,Posted: 5 February,all,"Wexx "")","So i quit playing csgo and was very hesitant to play anyting out of the shooter genre ive played games like skyrim and the new castlevenia type stuff, but i got this on sale when i sold all my csgo skins.My god was this the best £20 ive ever spent.Graphics, bang onfighting mechanics, can be a bit odd at times but still really goodStory, one of the most (for want of a better word) emersiveso overall one of  the best games ive ever played i would recomend this to anyone.plz dont look at my review and cringe at my spelling or how gay i sound for this game.10/10 would sitck♥♥♥♥♥♥in game again"
76561198036969239,Recommended,292030,15997868,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,benebrius,This is it... I've found it... my favourite game of all time.
,Recommended,292030,16001117,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Tomas the Feel Engine,Came for♥♥♥♥♥♥ stayed for Triss ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,292030,16002329,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Saiyan93,A Masterpiece!Seemingly endless exploration with player decisions to be made almost every step of the way.
,Recommended,292030,16003188,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,big guy,GOTY. ♥♥♥♥ing get it now.
,Recommended,292030,16005578,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,GOG,"UPDATE 2: I tried this game with a G-Sync monitor and it is heaven! 40-60 feels like 60, it's amazing! If you can get a G-Sync monitor for this or any game, DO IT!UPDATE 1: After installing the Nvidia drivers 353.06, I am getting about 10 more frames per second over all. A very welcome performance boost.This game is amazing! It is very immersive and there is so much to do it's kind of overwhelming but in a good way. Buy it!*Note: Either the game needs some optimization or it is just that demanding. Either way, it is very playable at anything above 30 fps. I have a GTX 770 4GB and I play on mostly High settings (Hair Work$ disabled of course) and get between 40-60 fps with some dips into the high 30's (@1080p). But again, for this type of game this is very playable. The fluctuation in frame rate is not jarring like going from 60 to 30 in an instant. It feels smooth (mostly sticks around the 40-50 range) and doesn't take away from the immersion."
,Recommended,292030,16052588,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,bce.dakota,"This game is phenomenal. It's one of the best RPG's I've ever played. There's not a single quest without loads of detail and even the ""radiants,"" monster killing quests, manage to stay interesting no matter how many times you do them (not truly radiant, just slightly feels that way). Between the awesome graphics, depth of character(s), facial expressions and amazing story-telling, this game is truly a one of a kind game. Based off of the books written by Andrzej Sapkowski which, due solely to the quality of this game, I now intend to read after I finish this game to further explore the lore of this beautiful, dark world. The love interests and sex scenes aren't bad and it adds to the quality of the game, making it more life-like. Not only that, just like in real life, people are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. They lie to you, spit on you and curse your name and f*ck with you during quests, making Geralt's life a lot more difficult. 12/10"
,Recommended,292030,16121083,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Zeke,"So, feminist frequency didn't play this game and said it was sexist, yet I've played it and the father/daughter dynamic between Geralt and Ciri nearly made me cry at one point. I would go on about how the issues were fixed from The Witcher 2 to 3 and how it's the best sandbox RPG ever, but I don't get paid $400k to lie about video games, I get paid nothing to give my honest opinion for free.So yeah, 10/10. The best way to end the Witcher Trilogy."
76561198051002480,Recommended,292030,25258530,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Pandy_Bear,Best game iv ever played
,Recommended,292030,25257726,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Manlet,Best game world
,Recommended,292030,19853933,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Tujev,Based Geralt
,Recommended,292030,16222178,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Splodey Dope,This game sets a new standard for RPGs.  Absolutely fantastic!
,Recommended,292030,29041205,Posted: 5 January,all,Eduuuh.idk,"Agora sim. Aqui estamos. Final de ouro da trilogia épica de The Witcher. Vou falar no geral dos 3 games, depois especifico mais nesse. The Witcher tem um mundo incrível, pois é algo que dá pra crer, há racismo entre as raças, fanatismo religioso, política depravada, crueldade. Porque o mundo é cruel, e The Witcher faz questão de mostrar isso. Te fazendo questões morais entre o ""pior"" e o ""menos mal"", como o próprio Geralt fala, não há bom nem ruim, certo nem errado, nada é perfeito. Entende o quanto isso é significativo? É incrível.Agora falando diretamente do Witcher 3, cara, que coisa linda. História incrível, não preciso dizer mais nada do mundo depois do que escrevi logo acima, né? E ainda por cima é mundo aberto... Como eu amo isso!!! Não sou de falar de gráficos, maioria dos meu jogos preferidos tem gráfico ruim ou é em pixel art, então eu realmente não ligo para esse aspecto, mas eu sou obrigado a falar, este jogo é absurdamente lindo!!! A palheta de cores, os cenários, as cutscenes, tudo, tudo!!! Os personagens têns seus objetivos, seus defeitos, o que leva a cada um ser único, sendo bom ou mal, ou melhor, ""pior"" e ""menos mal"", certo? Um dos melhores RPGs. Acho que agora tenho mais um jogo na minha lista de preferido de todos os tempos. Não sei nem muito bem o que dizer sobre ele. É uma imensidão fantástica. CDPR, eu confio em vocês, e que venha Cyberpunk 2077!!!!PS: Ainda não comprei as DLCs, se eu jogar, provavelmente vou adicionar algo aqui."
76561198026693131,Recommended,292030,22870275,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Koinzeel,"The conclusion of Geralts story couldn’t be any better. Been playing The Witcher since the first one and I have to say that this has been one hell of a journey. The large open world, great storytelling and dozens of hours of pure fun make this game  a true masterpiece and has earned a permanent place on my hard drive. Hats off to CD Project Red for making me believe in the gaming industry again."
,Recommended,292030,32959093,Posted: 28 June,all,Tygon,Best game I've ever played.
76561198115884227,Recommended,292030,20487630,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Tirithon The Highborn,"This game is by far the best one i've played yet.I love the story and i'm loving those combat fights.Gr8 game,m8! I r8 8/8."
76561198044456537,Recommended,292030,21755215,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Gingerbro,"I can say I played all three (beaten the first game 2 times, the second one 4 times and this one (the third) about 1 and a half times still working on it) and I have to say that the series is the first one to draw me in so profoundly. I am sad that the story of Geralt is closing.Would pay 500$ for Witcher 4.CDPR is by far my favorite company and a company I trust to put their all into everything they do. I am glad they dont make us pay 20 bucks for a map pack like call of duty, the gameplay of all three games has evolved so amazingly, and they arent just in it for the money.Big longtime fan and I think it is in your best intrest to start supporting CDPR so we can get Cyberpunk 2077 and more games sooner"
76561198053200949,Recommended,292030,16000527,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,1NicerGuy,awesome
,Recommended,292030,29390726,Posted: 20 January,all,Rabbi Goldberg,"**I HAVE NOT FINISHED THE GAME AT THE TIME OF WRITING THIS REVIEW**Story:One of the few rpgs where I enjoy the story and don't skip any dialogue, there is an insane amount side quests and content that are creative, and actually well written,Gameplay:I've only been playing the Deathmarch difficulty, the combat is difficult but extremely fair. It imerses you in the game and really makes you feel like a witcher, actually winning a fight gives you a great sense of accomplishment. Whereas in most games the high difficulties cause frustration, getting killed only motivates me to try harder and change my strategy for the fight. You need to approach each different enemy in a different way.Gwent is the greatest minigame I've ever played. It's alot of fun and very easy to learn. I'm constantly looking for new cards to add to my decks.Have had some instances of having geralt stuck constantly jumping and only solution I've found is restarting the gameGraphics:One of the most beautiful games I have ever played and runs amazingly. 980ti at 1440p gets a  consistent 60fps, I wish all games ran this well."
76561197986142358,Recommended,292030,20013009,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,The Medic✞,"I have spent 50+ hours with the first Witcher game, back in the day when nobody knew about it. Then, some years later, I would spend 35+ hours with the Witcher 2.Now, with the Witcher 3, I have just arrived in Skellige for the first time after spending 80 hours in Velen and Novigrad. I have made a personal objective to not get to Skellige before seeing all that there is to see in No Man's Land. After spending so much time in these amazing and huge lands, I thought there is not much left Skellige has to offer. How wrong I was.Words cannot describe the epicfeelingthat you get when you finally arrive on the shores of Skellige, with mountains soaring in the distance and""Fear a' Bhàta""playing in the background(""The Fields of Ard Skellig""), truly the work of a master. The ""Witcher 3: Wild Hunt"" is an absolute gem, and Skellige is The Gem among gems."
,Recommended,292030,33237465,Posted: 4 July,all,Aterluna,"Never been so immersed in a game world before I don't have much play time but I can assure you that you can easily get 60+ hours when you complete the main quest and 2 dlcs. Solid game to sit back and enjoy in cold winters or brain melting hot summers. The first velen part of the game can be boring, but the patience pays off when you advence further in the game. TLDR; CD Projeckt Red did a really good job"
,Recommended,292030,32848845,Posted: 27 June,all,Saryn is Bae,"What a game...if you consider yourself a fan of RPG games this game should be in your library already!The game has a great story,a vast world to get yourself lost into (cant remember how many times i found myself just standing in one place and enjoying the beauty of this game). You will get to make some really hard choices in your playtroughs,and there will be consenquences for everything you do.The world itself feels alive all the time with villagers doing their everyday things,you will come across people that will spit on you and call you a monster and you will find people that will thank you for your doings and become your allies or friends. After you finish the main story there are 2 expansions wich are even better than main story imo especially hearths of stone. Anyways get this game you wont regret it,make some potions,saddle up your horse and let the adventure begin!"
76561198033096616,Recommended,292030,16079038,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Dojo(TyrE),"Great game, loads of content, 9.9/10 imo"
,Recommended,292030,23520384,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,ƒεƒε,"Well, it might be one of the best, if not the best, RPG i've ever played. And I loved both DLC even more.Pros :+ Great Story and choices that matter.+ Beautiful, great artistic direction and well optimized+ Well-written, mature and funny+ DLC are better and longer than most of the recent RPG.+ side quests are interesting+ Yennefer, Triss and Ciri.+ so many others good things about this game+ You don't need to know the 1st 2 games to enjoy this one, even though you might miss a few things.+ Game's lore is really deep+ Amazing OST+ Shows bethesda fans that you can create a game with great story AND great graphics and well optimizedCons :- Limited character customization (but who cares, Geralt is perfect)- You can't go full berserk and kill everybody (but why would you do that ?)- I need to read the books now, when will I find the time for that ?- As a big fan of Dragon Age Origins, it makes me sad to see that DA didn't evolve like The Witcher Series."
76561198295816552,Recommended,292030,27702852,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,✪ Wyren ✪,My favorite game ever. It's addictive and enjoyable. I'm gonna wait for Witcher 4 after I finished DLC (Hearts of Stone & Blood and Wine)
,Recommended,292030,27060352,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,lart,"Can't think of any better RPG. Best storytelling, graphics, price for content, developer and so on...The only negatives I can think of are the controlls."
76561198048150165,Recommended,292030,32948533,Posted: 28 June,all,Diachan,"The kind of game you finish and go straight for New Game+. Great replay value, compelling story and characters, unbelievable experience altogether."
76561198043897249,Recommended,292030,23175323,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Dr. Petro,"I had to walk around White Orchard for an hour just to process everything that the game displayed. You had geese running around, kids playing in puddles, peasants being peasants, all sorts of flowers and plants swaying in the wind, the water nearby flowing... You could go on and on. In my opinion, the developers have exceeded in all of my expectations. In fact, I feel guilty for not buying the game at full price. I think they deserve every penny of my money.Main quest is rich and long. Side quests are just as engaging and unique. You can pick up contracts to fight monsters. Discover new places....There is just too much to say."
,Recommended,292030,25287946,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,RowZ,"Best game ever made.Awesome DLC Hearts of Stone and beautifull Blood and Wine.Its great that in Blood and Wine u can start quest with Oriana and then, cheange your way to  expirience the story in Fantasyland.100/10 IGN"
76561197964798094,Recommended,292030,23484211,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,MadAsAHatter,I had to stop playing after the first few hour and deleted the game. I knew I wouldn't have been doing anything else besides playing it for the next few months. Intervention wasn't completely successful though.
,Recommended,292030,23301881,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Deezy,"I've completed Portal 2 TWICE in the amount of time that I've played Witcher 3, and I'm only Level 10 and havent even gotten halfway through the story yet. GG CD Project Red"
76561197983964763,Recommended,292030,23046171,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,MaChiNe`,"One of the best games ive ever played!!  Sorry Mack from worth a buy, this game ROCKS!!"
76561198063406140,Recommended,292030,25042052,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Samplee,👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌
,Recommended,292030,23601952,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,NobilityScooter,"Now that I am finally done with this game's main quest line, I can finally write a review in confidence.GET THIS GAME.Whether it is at full price or on sale, it doesn't matter. You will be getting your money's worth. Just be prepared for your academics/social life/health/fitness/etc to decline drastically."
76561197998249640,Recommended,292030,33018865,Posted: 29 June,all,SpetzNyan,"If you're reading this review it's probably because your best friend has been badgering you to finally buy and play this thing. You're probably thinking, ""I have this whole backlog of games GabeN has forced me to buy that I still haven't played, should I really be buying another?""Well let me answer that for you.Yes. Yes you should.Because this game is better than the games in your backlog. It's better than the game you're currently playing. It's better than coming home and finding that your house has been swapped for the playboy manor.Buy this game and play it. That is all."
,Recommended,292030,29656867,Posted: 2 February,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡Dragnr,"I think the price is wrong, should be double instead of just 29,99€."
76561197999204448,Recommended,292030,27070459,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kharnega,"What can i say... Oh, i know.THANK YOU CD PROJEKT"
76561198029271827,Recommended,292030,15993233,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,StanTheDanMan,"Great graphics, optimized perfectly. I get around 40-60 fps on the lowest settings, but it looks beautiful with almost no frame drops. Combat system is hard and unforgiving in a good way. My only gripe is the boss balancing. The are either way too easyThe werewolf took maybe like 4 hits at most, never layed a finger on meOr impossible to killThe ghouls at the bayside murders"
,Recommended,292030,16002302,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,ム |< KG,First review in my entire life. I wonder where all the hours did go....Better go into the game and find out.Best game i've ever played.
76561198080077724,Recommended,292030,33238025,Posted: 4 July,all,Dawn,The best game I have ever played. Period.
,Recommended,292030,16198743,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Picklerudius,"CDPR is a testament to RPG greatness, and the WItcher 3 is a tribute to all that makes RPG's great.Combat is fluid.The music is epic.The voice acting is superb.The map completion is dauntingly challenging.The character choices, and consequences, are morally relevant. Yes, what you choose and what you actually say or do may differ, but you must always consider that this is Geralt we're talking about. You always have to place yourself in his shoes.""Got any more of those, expansions?""Honestly, there's no way you can't love CDPR; free DLC's, free updates, and ""Expansions"" not ""DLC's that take away from the base game"". None of those ""Early Access"", but a real Pre-Order where you get tangible collectibles such as OST and great art.I might move to Poland.UPDATE: Hearts of StoneCDPR deservers GOTY for this. They are not some huge conglomerate or a longstanding gaming industry player, but they still delivered more than was expected. HoS is the very definition of an ""Expansion"". Not taking original parts of the game, not cut content reintroduced later on,  a real addition to a finished product. And hell, did you guys see the 13 page changelog for the gigs of hotfixes?Really, I'm researching POLAND VISA on google on another tab.UPDATE: Blood and WineTongue in cheek.Nobody but Geralt can go tongue in cheek but still play as the straight man in this new adventure. And did anybody else notice the 10+ gigabyte size this new Expansion was? That's already another game for some devs. CDPR didn't name it ""Infinite Hunt"" or ""Wild Ops"", it's an expansion through and through. An entirely new location, new mechanics, new characters in the same game. And now as I type this, I'm downloading the 2.9 gigs of patches. That's how you make games.The Polish Embassy hasn't replied yet for an interview schedule."
,Recommended,292030,19470827,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,deep fried gook,Why enjoy real life when you can become a witcher that bangs hot soceresses and saves the world?
,Recommended,292030,21350830,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,MopKop,Better that Fallout 4 by far. Deserved Game of the Year
,Recommended,292030,21731425,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,obscenepoet ツ,I absolutely love this game.One good thing is that the DLCs are really an expansion and not just skins.I'm looking forward to play the Blood and Wine DLC.
76561198137082415,Recommended,292030,16066021,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,BjörnBjörk,My game of the year!!!
,Recommended,292030,34180510,Posted: 11 August,all,Yureina,"It seems massive improvement is the trend of this franchise. Witcher 2 was a major step-up from Witcher 1, and ended up being a game I liked quite alot. And yet Witcher 3 takes an already improved series and manages to create something even better, to the point that it is one of the best games I have played in quite sometime.First off, this game is ♥♥♥♥ING HUGE. While it is true that the first two games were not exactly small, I ended up dropping twice as much time playing Witcher 3 than I did playing the first two gamescombined. The amount of stuff to do is insane, and yet there are all sorts of different side quests that keep it interesting. This is a game where it is very easy to just lose track of time while going off on adventures. In many ways, it reminds me of Skyrim but with an obviously darker tone and considerably better writing and characters. If I were Bethesda, I would take notes about what works in this game as they work on their next giant open world RPG... because this game does so much that other past games have done, but better.I could end up typing paragraph after paragraph about the improved gameplay, some of the better questlines that stand as some of the best i've ever seen in any games, or the immense world that it all takes place in... but I would probably be here all evening. And would a prospective buyer of this game really want to be spoiled on all of that? Perhaps. Perhaps not. All you really need to know is this: Witcher 3 is one of the largest and best games I have played in quite a long time. It is very much worth playing.Just... make sure you have plenty of time to play this before you start. Also don't forget to watch the clock. I found myself staying up way later than I ever had wanted to several times because this game proved to be too interesting to stop.Thanks for ruining my sleep patterns CD Projekt Red! :P"
76561198049310307,Recommended,292030,21112110,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Taayter,"CD Projekt Red is the company that all other gaming companies should strive to be like. IMO.I usually don't write reviews and I'm not going to write a big review because lets be honest, there are plenty of great reviews out there for this game. I will say however, that this game is EASILY worth $60! The game is amazing. Looks amazing, plays amazing and has an amazing story!All of the DLC they gave us for free EA would have charged $6+ for and then said, ""I'm sorry, but you can't use it until you buy the $50 season pass.... as it is essential.""I bought this game even after not really being able to get into The Wicther 2. I don't know why I could not get into it. It just seemed like it was missing something to me, but after playing this more I will definitly go back to try again. Anyway my point is that I would have bought this game even if I really disliked the series simply because of what CD Projekt Red stands for. Making a good game and NOT trying to rip us off.Thank you CD Projekt Red for an amazing game!"
76561197991834906,Recommended,292030,20150468,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,feedthemanmuffinz,Better than Fallout 4
76561198064365887,Recommended,292030,34823704,Posted: 8 September,all,[FX] Sunbro Solaire,"Pros:Combat: 10/10Graphics: 10/10Music: 10/10Characters: 10/10Story: 11/10DLC: 10/10Butt stuff: 10/10Roche and Roach: 10/10Trolls: 10/10Gwent: 10/10Crush on Ciri: 10/10Difficult choices with no right answer that have meaningful impacts on the story that you might not even realize until way later in the game: 10/10Cons:Every single ♥♥♥♥ing peasant kid thinks they can hunt a bear with a slingshot: 0/10Holy crap I can't praise this game enough. It's so good, the only reason people right negative reviews is because it ruined gaming for them since no other game can compare!I wish I could go back in time and play it for the first time again! No other game has ever immersed me in the story like this one! I was up till 5:30 playing this and I didn't even notice it until the sun started coming up.It doesn't matter who you are or what kind of games you play, there's a 97% chance you'll ♥♥♥♥ing love this game, and if not, you can go plough yourself.Overall I rate this game a ""Play this game"" out of ""Serioulsy go play it"""
76561198007516058,Recommended,292030,16074862,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Cheeky_Demon,"10/10.I liked Dragon Age: Inquisition, but the witcher 3 is better in just about all aspects. My playthrough took 90 hours, which includes some sidequesting, monster contracts, crafting, and the main quest. Probably one of the best singleplayer games you will ever play. It is as close to perfect as single player games go, in my opinion.Story:  Very strong. Continues from the first two games, and satisfactorily resolves the continuing main story arc. The game can import saves from the witcher 2 (as it imported from the witcher 1). The side quests are excellent; they merge with the main quests significantly, and some times make you wonder why some other games actually even have boring side quests. Apparently has 36 different possible 'end states', but in reality there is 3 main endings.Gameplay: The playable open areas are ridiculous. The depth and attention to detail is astonishing. The widely critiscised combat from the witcher 2 has been reworked, and it is now much more fluid and satisfying. The game has improved its levelling system and skill tree, to give the player much more flexibility.Soundtrack: Great. Certainly up there with other great RPG soundtracks, i.e Skyrim, Dragon Age.Graphics: Good. Will probably notice some dodgy textures up close. But the draw distance is great, able to see mountains and features from half a map away. Weather effects are great."
76561197987653682,Recommended,292030,23490266,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Nignalius,Expect to throw your life away for this masterpiece. 10/10
76561198103373610,Recommended,292030,22039766,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,dheitlan,This review will be simple:Why the **** arn't you playing this right now?
,Recommended,292030,22044588,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Sirius,Best RPG game i ever played!
76561198282937180,Recommended,292030,35046653,Posted: 18 September,all,RockBottom25,Totally worth it...Great game1.Nice graphics and story2.side quests are fun3.sexy witches4.big open world.5.Some quests have glitch6.Loved the trolls7.Combat style was a bit hard for me at 1st but it gets easy with timeMoney and time well spent...Highly recommended
,Recommended,292030,32930591,Posted: 28 June,all,Tystarchius,"better than skyrim, better than a lot of gamesfite me."
,Recommended,292030,32932541,Posted: 28 June,all,Mod,One of the best adventure game
76561198129256603,Recommended,292030,32933969,Posted: 28 June,all,n8,"Edit: [7/23/2017]Well, I've reached 100 hours (At the time you're reading this, it may not be. But there are times where I've played for several hours straight and I got off and the hours were never logged) of playtime in this game and it still finds ways to amaze me. In The Witcher 3, it really is the little things that count. The little details that the developers add in make the game for me. Along with the countless amounts of mods made by the community for people to download which make the game that much better.After finishing the main story, which in itself was worth the $30 spent on this game while it was on sale. (Honestly, I'd pay full price for it.) I didn't think it could get much better than that. Boy was I wrong... I played HoS first which was incredible and just loads of fun. Soon after that I began playing BnW and wow. It was practically like a whole other game. The Witcher 3 + HoS + BnW make this a ""once in a generation game."" There is so much to do, while at the same time the quests don't get too stale, nor do they get very repetitive. There's always something new. If you're thinking about getting it, just do it. It's worth your time and your money.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------A beautiful game with a great story.I'm still in the process of finishing the game, but that doesn't mean I can't write this review. The Witcher 3 has been the first game since Skyrim to completely just drag me in and wrap me around it. I feel completely immersed in this game at times and I love it. I'm the type of person to buy a game, play for 5-10 hours, and then realize I don't enjoy it and don't play it for 6 months. That's exactly what I did here and then one day I was like ""maybe I'll give it another chance"" because a friend was talking about it. I was so sad when I began playing because I wish I began sooner.Would recommend."
,Recommended,292030,32938032,Posted: 28 June,all,mohanlow,Definitely one of the best gaming experiences in recent years. The game isnt perfect but it executes so many things well on such a large scale that it sets a new standard of polish to the open world rpg genre. The ability to customise so many parts of the play experience also with easy mod support further enhances the experience. Spend your cash on this one so they can keep churning out more great stuff.
,Recommended,292030,32928080,Posted: 28 June,all,LackaTask,I couldve bought food with this money but whatever...I guess I'll give it a positive review
76561197970328488,Recommended,292030,32942103,Posted: 28 June,all,HonkyTonky,It´s great!
,Recommended,292030,29989640,Posted: 17 February,all,Sambhaid,"This is one of those games I could almost call amaze-balls, all awards it has received are well deserved. I have played Witcher 3 twice, on normal difficulty once and on hard difficulty again.The GameWitcher 3 is a massive open world RPG that tells the third part of the story of Geralt of Rivia, the ultimate witcher who hunts monsters for his living and has now set out to rescue a certain person. In the lore of Witcher his main source of income is solving monster problems but I found that in the game the most effective way to make money was scavenging all kinds of junk and selling it.Story and ContentStory aspects are where Witcher 3 shines the most, it has one of the best storytelling of any RPG I have played and your choices make a difference in how the story unfolds. The main story is well crafted and paced, and even most of side quests are incredible but there is also a lot of boring content just like in pretty much every open world RPG. Best way to approach this game is to not go full 100% completionist but instead do only the interesting content, that way it never grows stale and provides around 50-100 hours (not counting DLCs) of entertainment depending on how much content you grind. I would personally recommend disabling the undiscovered locations (?-marks) in the map after the first area.VisualsGraphics and animations are on their own level and quite an achievement back in 2015 and even today in 2017 no game quite compares to this one in this department. The world is incredibly detailed with a lot of attention to detail, there is lots of small detail most people pay no attention on but it fills the world and makes it feel alive. The cities feel like actual cities with hundreds of NPCs walking around and to top it off they are not disconnected from the world with loading screens like usually in older RPGs such as Skyrim. Facial animations in dialogue and overall animation quality is top notch and unmatched by any other game I have played.CombatCombat is quite skill-based and the game can provide true challenge at least at first but once you obtain good gear and skills difficulty kind of fades off even if playing on the hardest difficulty. I havent played Dark Souls but the combat has been compared to it by other people, it is based around dodging and use of abilties, spells and potions. Using the right combination of potions and abilties against specific enemies makes fights considerably easier and studying the enemies from in-game journal plays important role especially on hard difficulty. There are also some aspects of combat I personally find annoying at times, such as stagger and knockdowns caused by enemies which disable player control but these get much less annoying once getting a hang of the combat system.Looting and GearJust like other RPGs this one also has looting and gear collecting but it is quite a bit different in the sense that gear plays a rather secondary role in the game. I found that most of the items I find in the world were not really excting at all and only really the witcher gear acquired from quests was worth using in the end, this led to XP being the most interesting reward from quests and exploring the world for gear wasnt really worth it. Of course there was other things to collect like potion recipes, crafting materials etc but those were something you kind of just get along the way without paying much attention on. I would have hoped more from the game in this area, it could have definitely had more interesting looting going on.My main gripeLastly I need to mention one of which I would consider possibly the biggest flaw of Witcher 3, which is the movement system. Movement is based around momentum and Geralt has weight in his movements like a real person would but in a game this creates rather clumsy controls. There is alternative movement system now in the game but even it does not entirely fix the problems, navigating through narrow doorways will still take time to get used to. Combat movement is also its own problem as when entering combat you will slow down into snails pace for some reason and cannot jump but u can dodge roll, dodge and sprint. Sprinting usually isnt wise as it consumes stamina that is also needed for use of spells, so best way to move is to spam dodges which is not at all practical and I would rather just jog like out of combat.VerdictStill, overall I would give this title a round 10/10, a must play for everyone"
76561198041842174,Recommended,292030,22788728,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Carsonqui,Best storyline in any game I've played. The ending for me ripped my heart out. Would definitely recommend.
76561198000714979,Recommended,292030,22806190,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Butters Stotch,"I have not played either of the previous Witcher games but I gave this game a try based on its overwhelmingly positive reviews and the fact that it was on sale. I assumed it couldn't possibly live up to the hype but it would at least be entertaining. Having played it now, I'm happy to say I was wrong. This game exceeded all my expectations and is now one of my all time favorites.I'm not a big fan of RPGs. I hate tracking inventory, going on endless fetch quests, engaging in pointless dialogs or leveling up just so you can advance the storyline. This game has all that but it never seems burdensome or boring. You can upgrade weapons, armor, potions, etc. as you see fit but anything required to advance the story is either given as needed or presented as a clear objective. Leaving you to enjoy the story as it unfolds.And the storylines are the best part of the game. You can tell a great deal of effort went into creating these and fleshing out the characters involved. Finishing the game took me just over 100 hours (which is average according to the developers) and I can say I never felt like I the game was repeating itself. For example, witcher contracts always involve hunting down some creature for a reward, that's the nature of your profession, it pays the bills.  But there's often some background that makes the mission unique, makes it an interesting story all it's own. Other times it might overlap the main plotline or involve characters crucial to another plotline. You never know if a side quest will be a simple endevour or part of a series of quests possibly involving the main storyline.And you will have to make choices along the way. Choices that are rarely black and white. Uninformed choices where you simply have to follow your instincts and hope for the best. Sometimes the consequences are immediate, but often they are not discovered until much later in the game. For me that's where this game really stands out. Playing the main character, what you do, how you act and the way you treat other characters matters. It affects you and the world around you, and it shows in how the other characters see you and react to you. Both major and minor characters are given breadth and depth, their personalities become part of the story. Your actions influence them and they influence the story. Overall, it's an incredibly immersive experience. You feel invested in the character and it's satisfying to see how the way you choose to play affects the outcome.Technically speaking, the game looks great and plays well. The voice acting is solid and I caught some wonderfully subtle facial expressions in the characters during cutscenes that show the attention to detail put into this game. The game world itself is huge but surprisingly detailed. I didn't even notice the lack of loading screens until I saw it mentioned in another review but it's amazing. You can start inside a cabin on one end of a map and seemlessly go outside, ride across half the world and step into a tavern at the other end without skipping a beat (or waiting for the map to load). It's an amazing achivement but ultimately it serves to keep you immersed in the game.I also want to mention how much I appreciate the publisher. Many major game studios today deliberately hamstring their product just so they can offer the actual game as an overpriced ""special edition"". On top of that, they'll charge ridiculous prices for simple upgrades. If you look at the DLC offered for Witcher 3, there is a lot for free. Not just character skins but a number of interesting side quests, things that actually took time and talent to develop. Thank you for that, you folks are awesome.I'll also mention the DLC they do charge for, the expansion packs. I bought and played through the first, ""Hearts of Stone"" and once again, I was blown away at the depth and quality of the story. I'm looking forward to the next, ""Blood and Wine"".If you enjoy a good tale told well, do yourself a favor and play this game."
,Recommended,292030,22803202,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,nightwraith,"Truly an amazing game. Don't usually like RPGs because of that sense of loneliness in a big world, but this game doesn't do that - it immerses you into the world and everything in it, because everything is alive and moving, the sky is always beautiful, the people actually exist, and monsters randomly show up out of nowhere. The storyline is touching, the quests are interesting, the graphics are phenomonal. This game will remain one of my top favorites."
76561198055647859,Recommended,292030,25271214,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,WantonAssembly,"Do you need yet another person to tell you that this game is amazing  so you make up your mind and get this game if you haven't? Just get it!This game made remember how exciting it can be to play a videogame and I can't help to compare The Witcher 3 to games like Diablo 2 or A Link To The Past. They are worlds apart you may think, and yet the questing, items and lore made me reminisce of those games.10/10 Would buy again just for the trees."
,Recommended,292030,30780411,Posted: 27 March,all,Derrefy,"Really great game, amazing story, awesome graphics and unending world.Game of the year?Yes, absolutely!"
,Recommended,292030,32301016,Posted: 9 June,all,JavaGawd,"85,000 reviews, 97% positive...seriously, you're still on the fence?"
,Recommended,292030,23019154,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Hans,When you finish this game you will realize that there is no any other game that can be this good to play 10/10 !
,Recommended,292030,19321976,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,GrD« Igni,"Amazing graphics, runs beautifully on Ultra @ 60 FPS. Storyline has much to be desired. It's great to see Polish folklore make it's way into such a big game. This game is based off Andrezj Sapkowski's works on the Witcher Series originating from Poland and some characters are based off real historical figures during the dates set in the books (13th century). CD Projekt Red has done justice to the series with it's extended story and amazing visuals. The gameplay itself is engaging and I highly reccomend it be played on the hardest difficulty(Death March). In relation to the previous game, there is also a major decision that splits the story into two paths. The effect is only noticed at the end of the game unlike throughout the story as in The Witcher 2. Every decision made has consequences and affects the story and game in some way, some very small but still noticeable. Even the Open World interactions with sidequests and events will trigger a reaction to the overall game. This is defiitely worth the money as it easily takes 80+ hours to finish the game. I do not recommend skipping side quests as they affect the story's ending drastically and are required to get the ""best"" ending possible.My overall thoughts are, Fantastic graphics despite the downgrade, i can run it at 60fps on ultra with an EVGA 770 card(Slightly OCed),Stellar combat system, much better than the witcher 2 style and much more smoothed out. Much more engaging and challenging than Skyrim(IMO) and requires focus and awareness in every battle.Outstanding story, this is an interpretation of the Witcher series but does it justice. The branching endings and differentiation of them greatly impacts the replay value. The dystopian like feel mimics the situation of the books perfectly and adds a bit of helplessness as you can't save everyone all the time.Amazing post release support. I've never seen a company work on bug fixes as much as CD Projekt Red post release. Just 3 months after the initial launch, they fixed every issue that was reported since then and amounted to ~ 5 pages of bug fixes. The support for this game is amazing and i suspect, will continue for a long time.I definitely recommend this if you like RPGs and are interested in a game which challenges morals, mixes fantasy and sci-fi in an amazing fashion and provides great support, gameplay and story."
76561198083333776,Recommended,292030,21040458,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Jrotto,"It's a fantastic game, and I wholeheartedly recommend it, and the first two."
76561197996662237,Recommended,292030,16035739,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,☺,"The Witcher 3 is a dark and twisted universe but in a good way. The kind of good way that there are not many other games with similar atmosphere and feel. The game has a solidly fun but not overly polished combat system, even still it manages to stay interesting for a very long time because the difficulty varies due to the vast array of different enemies you can face and their strengths and weaknesses. The game has a story albeit a fairly uninteresting one since the game universe is not that old and lore full yet, it's the smaller stories that are more interesting, the ones of side quests given by local peasants in their small villages that are more fun and interesting than the main story. Although the game manages to keep fresh and interesting for a very long time during your playthrough, the game does have a number of flaws. For instance the controls sometimes bug out and do something else than you want. And there is no animation for eating food in your inventory. Mostly minor things like that. All in all, it's a great, fun and interesting game that manages to surprise even me, but it's still a ways from perfect."
,Recommended,292030,22875217,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,$ervi^,This game is just simply beautiful in everyway possible !!!A must play game*Update*This game made me fall in love with the witcher franchise that after playing this i played witcher 1 and 2 and even read all the 7 books! now i dont know what to do with my life anymore and all the other games i play now seem so lifeless and uninteresting that i just want to replay this game again and again!!! Oh and i even bought all the gwent decks the real version and i love it am just so addicted to this !!! CDPR Help me with a witcher 4 please!!!So after finishing this game 5 times even did a full 100% sweep with all possible outcomes i must say everything is so well detailed like CDPR thought of everything right and did everything so on point that its simply amazing!10/10 Witcher Fan for LIFE!!!Only Con is Coudnt Save Vesimir :(
,Recommended,292030,26937594,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Beef Curtains,One of the greatest RPG adventures ever made:1. Incredible Story2. Interesting Characters3. Rewarding Combat4. Amazing Scenery and Locations5. Noonwraiths Look Like My Ex-Girlfriend6. 200+ Hour Game7. Brilliant DLC
76561197981651173,Recommended,292030,23261814,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Salad,"Huge open world, tons of content, fun combat, meaningful choices, funny quests and NPC interactions, badass game engine that has the capabilty to produce some amazing graphics, even a fun unique (and not half-arsed at all) card-game build in.  What's not to like about this game?"
,Recommended,292030,25019849,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Dindu 'Nuffin ®,The unicorn. Will never happen again. Ever. Buy it. Infinite out of ten.
76561198081945855,Recommended,292030,16082532,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Brave Benedict,I run this game at a downscaled resolution with 30fps
,Recommended,292030,28921867,Posted: 1 January,all,Last Wolf,"played this with my girlfriend, now she wants an unicorn."
,Recommended,292030,22981381,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,hashimoto4life,"A true gaming masterpiece. I have played 'The Witcher 3' on PS4 and have now has started playing it on PC, and let me tell you that it is just as fun and captivating the first time around.The grapchics, the plot, the characters, the soundtrack, and combat all mesh together into this beautiful and wonderful piece of gaming. 'The Witcher 3' has set the bar and sits as king atop the RPG open-world throne.10/10 - Recommended"
,Recommended,292030,19783302,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Brizone,"> best SP RPG experience yet> 10+ days completion time provided you're normal human> more erotic than eroges> the amount of free DLCs that put somecertain developersto shame> no third party DRM> Ciri9000+/10 - gj CD PROJEKT RED, you've just earned one more loyal fan :]"
,Recommended,292030,25153928,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,DaKingInDaNorf,"All other games suck in comparison now, thanks CD Project Red."
,Recommended,292030,27631484,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Qforina #Qfogaming,One of the best games i have ever play i love card games and i spend more time playing Gwent than killing monsters :)
,Recommended,292030,26664057,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Toasty,"First time i wrote a review for Witcher 3 Wild Hunt i was incredibly harsh because i had to redownload some stuff and basically had problems with starting the game.So now after completing the main quest line i will give it a fair review.First of all , this game is amazing and i honestly cannot recommend it enough , even for non rpg fans like myself.The characters are written by proffesionals and the whole main story and even the side quests are done in amazing detail.The graphics are amazing aswell and the detail in world design are also really impressive.Now i will just say a few things that are kinda crappy but it doesn't matter much to be honnest.-*SPOILER*After completing the main quest line the whole Kaer Morhen is abadoned and empty and it just kills because i and i know that alot of other people wanted to atleast have a chat with the main characters before they leave to seek fortune.But you can fix that with the Blood and Vine DLC that i hope i will get myself soon aswell.-Some parts of main story are a little confusing for people that haven't played the secound game or even the first one but you can find that stuff on the Internet anyways and its really not that much.-There is also some slightly glitchy parts of the map that i encountered but it really didn't take away from the ammout of immersion it offers.EDIT : Game is still great , i bought the Blood and wine DLC , and all i will say about it is that its 100% worth it.That's it.My final rating would defenedly be a 10/10.And i can say that i can't wait for Witcher 4.Good work CD PROJEKT RED you are the bane of the EA styled ''modern'' game studios."
,Recommended,292030,34245843,Posted: 14 August,all,xbloodvendetta,"I completed every quest, collected all of the cards and would do it all again. What an amazing game, highly recommend!"
,Recommended,292030,25363863,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Dosh Ex Machina,Everything you heard is true.
76561198030378070,Recommended,292030,19508810,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Ray,"I am in awe... This game is just WOW. Done as it should be, a complete game with attention to detail and quality. Not like these other companies wanting to make money and not caring about anything but that; they fail to even release finished games anymore. I don't play many games due to this, I took a chance at Witcher 3 because of its reviews, and wow, damn near perfect. They even offer FREE DLC's! FREE! For a game this complete and amazing, FREE!? I'm sorry, but this is one game and company that deserves more support and praise. Very well done."
76561198002408934,Recommended,292030,23300016,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,allenstergess,"To me this is the complete RPG experience. Amazing story, graphic, leveling, customization, crafting, armor weapons, side quests that are better than some games. This IS the RPG you have been waiting for!"
,Recommended,292030,23904801,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,(OS)Scale,This game is awesome i love the combat system.
,Recommended,292030,21712216,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Chan chan man,Perfect balance between beauty and violence.
,Recommended,292030,30901384,Posted: 2 April,all,spygamer,"The Witcher 3 is one of my favorite games, it has an amazing storyline, gameplay, characters and absolutely stunning graphics. I ran this game (with all the paid DLC) with a 750 Ti and 4GB of ram on high settings (except for textures which I had to set to medium since ram usage would go above 4GB otherwise) and was able to get a consistent 30+ fps which shows just how well optimised this game is.Pros:-A very well written and immersive storyline which will make you feel anxious, surprised, happy, and sad as you progress through it.-There are many choices that you as Geralt can make during both the main quests and side quests, many of your choices actually have a major impact on how things will turn out in the game and don't just provide an ""ilusion of choice"" unlike many RPGs.-The open world is massive and filled with side quests, witcher contracts, treasure hunts, locations to visit, monster nests etc. The game is rich in both quantity and quality. The side quests although great in number are well written with interesting characters and stories.-The characters are also well written and likeable, all of them have unique personalities and are very well voice acted, you actually get attached to them as the game progresses.-The animations are really good, there wasn't a single cutscene where any of the animations looked weird and everything looked very natural like a movie. Even subtle changes in the emotions of characters are portrayed very well in the  game which really impressed me.-Stunning graphics and very well optimized. The game looks very beautiful which makes it even more enjoyable to play.-You get an actual feeling of progression as you play. Finding powerful gear is not that easy and obtaining one  gives you a sense of progression. Combat is also not that easy in higher difficulties and some monsters may prove to br a challenge.-The soundtrack of the game is another highlight.The music in the game is really soothing and pleasant to hear and it never gets out of your head. The composers really did a great job.Cons:-RoachThe Witcher 3 is truly a great game and I would definitely recommend it. Thank you CD Projekt Red for making this masterpiece."
,Recommended,292030,34099744,Posted: 8 August,all,Mix,"Amazing. This game is crafted with love and the story and the gameplay reflect that. I can't wait to see what CDPR do with Cyberpunk, but if it's anything close to The Witcher 3' scope it will be nothing short of spectacular."
,Recommended,292030,32911317,Posted: 27 June,all,Greganator,Just got this game for the sale and fell in love with it imediatly great game !
,Recommended,292030,29238997,Posted: 13 January,all,Frank,Easily the best game in the last 5 years. One full playthrough including all dlcs took 80 hours and thats without doing the treasure hunts. Still more content to go. Thats rare from a AAA game now days.Buy it if you have a lot of spare time. you will not want to stop playing it once you start.10/10
,Recommended,292030,26865614,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,4M0R!M,"It's not my favorite game of all time, but it sure is the best one I've ever played in my life. The whole series, the story, the deph, the characters, all of it. JUST PLAY IT."
,Recommended,292030,25019030,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,parkerhams,"Without a doubt the overall greatest game I have ever played. Before this, it was The Last of Us. The Witcher has an engaging plot, phenomenal characters with terrific depth, a political and gorgeous world where your choices matter, evenings to spend drinking, monsters to kill, and relationships to be strengthened. Hundreds of hours of content for a great price. The best value you will most likely ever get out of $60.Plus it will make you cry -- Geralt and Yennefer mountain scene, anybody?10/10/10/10/10/10."
76561198056427474,Recommended,292030,25022297,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Tom,Quite possibly the best game I have ever played!!!
76561198042503164,Recommended,292030,23248758,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Epsilon,"was so good, it actually made me read a book.10/10"
,Recommended,292030,23464939,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,TheLazyGun™,what a mother ♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece of a game. CD project has given me hope that someday we will get another developer that is amazing as they are.buy it do yourself a favor just buy it
76561198015539753,Recommended,292030,23262273,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Lücifër,Just do it. You will not regret it.
,Recommended,292030,27924245,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Whitfield,"Not the game of the year, nor the genre. Just the Greatest Game of all time."
76561198043641041,Recommended,292030,34551600,Posted: 28 August,all,Doggie,"The witcher 3 is a perfect way to say, this is how a story game should be like, and it's surely worth the money and time in my opinion.The graphic in this game are really beautiful, and the control system is really good too.this game has been awarded as one of the best story games, which there's no doubt in.so in my opinion the price isn't unfair at all, maybe for the creators, buuuut still a good deal.<3 witcher for life"
,Recommended,292030,26880510,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,poseid0n,Just buy it. You don't  need to think .
76561198063321525,Recommended,292030,34842990,Posted: 9 September,all,PK,"Witcher is the epitome of a GREAT videogame that define a generation and make other games look bad!+ The game is finally true open world as it was meant to be+ One of the best story narration ever in a videogame+ U actually care for the characters and your impact to them+ Excellent Voice acting, textures, music+ Attention to detail+ Perfect secondary side quests that often even overshadow the main quests.+ The Gwent minigame+ Gear selection + Gear Quests+ Treasure hunting+ Fast travel system+ Characters and references from the previous games+ Romance options+ Excellent work ethics from Projekt Red (Free dlc's, pricing, care for the game)+ NOT grindy (mobs exp is insignificant)+ Many improvements from witcher 2- Combat is not perfect- So much time searching for Ciri...- I believe character build design could have been better- Save import option from witcher 2 doesnt change much story wise, but its cool to have it.- Hardware Demanding for Ultra Graphics+/- The slow pace of the game and the main story is not for everyone! Prepare to be consumed or dont even bother...9/10"
76561198054368317,Recommended,292030,34543559,Posted: 27 August,all,Jones,What? get the game already and stop reading reviews!
,Recommended,292030,34564805,Posted: 28 August,all,Behemoth,The best rpg.Just the best one.
76561197982599078,Recommended,292030,32093086,Posted: 31 May,all,meriV.HAXXR|UKCS|,"One of the best games ever madeThe Witcher 3: Wild Hunt GOTY EditionPlayed through this fantastic game on GOG twice already. Steam had a sale for it, so i had to buy it again to give myself a reason to play through it just one more time..I can't recommend this game enough! One of my absolute favorites!"
,Recommended,292030,22093517,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Bran Flakes,It's a good game.
,Recommended,292030,22103647,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Smugs,Highly recommended x9000.Witcher 3 has set new standards in RPGs which I fear may never again be met. Looking forward to the next masterpiece from CD Projekt Red.
,Recommended,292030,22178051,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Faiz420,10/10 The best Bioware game (not made by Bioware)
,Recommended,292030,22187461,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Elwonko,"It definitely took a while for me to warm up to the Witcher 3 - the combat system has a weird pace to it, the camera can be a total pain, quest/monster levels seemed all over the place, and the horse riding controls like wet mush. Plus it feels a bit like they really,reallywant you to use a controller, rather than the glorious Keyboard/Mouse Master Race.However, once I spent some time playing (and then re-mapping a few bindings and sensitivity levels based off what I was doing in combat), things got aLOTbetter. Combat in particular is actually nicely tactical and quite fun and rewarding, once you wrap your head around the underlying design mechanics.It also helped that I can run it on full Ultra with all the bells and whistles and still get 100+ fps everywhere. It's pretty nice to have a graphically intensive game that is also very well-optimized to use the PC's full potential, rather than just total slop garbage code everywhere (I'm looking at you, XCOM 2, Total War, etc. etc.).SummaryAll the stuff about the great story, interesting and flawed characters, deep and immersive game world -they're all true. I can see why it swept up so many 2015 Game of the Year accolades - even if it isn't your personal favorite, it's definitely a great game once you get past the quirks and dig in."
,Recommended,292030,22209938,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,GraphicX,"9/10Great performance, both as a story & how the game ran on the system.Tons of side quests that are actually meaningful & rewarding.Fantastic graphics/visuals.So much content it isn't funny.Only 2 issues I had are I grew a little tired of the dialogue & began skipping some of it.  The fights were often brilliant, but often just button bashing as well."
,Recommended,292030,22196159,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,wooby,It's okay.Also Geralt♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me.
76561198154819782,Recommended,292030,22200192,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Ev Adamı,i liked this bug heaven
,Recommended,292030,34789997,Posted: 7 September,all,果露,Amazing!!
76561197960975025,Recommended,292030,34796345,Posted: 7 September,all,Capper,The best open world rpg game you'll ever play. Nuff said.
,Recommended,292030,23234318,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,=[URT]=Nejikun,"Best ♥♥♥♥ing game ever, they deserved my money!!"
76561198156638819,Recommended,292030,22976986,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,CIRI | rocky41 of Rivia,"Truth be told, I played the pirated version of this game for about 150 hours and was so impressed with the game that bought it at full price.This game is so epic and wonderful that I think it's not possible to make such a game again.It has so much content that even if they had just given 50% content it might have still won goty easily.The graphics, story, side missions are so memorable that it is now the best game I've ever played. I've been a hardcore fan of fallout series and I was looking for any reason that might make witcher 3 less impressive than fallout 4 however it blows fallout 4 out of the water.This is the best game I've ever played and I am so glad that I got the chance to play it.I bought this game just to show my appreciation towards the developers. I will be playing this game multiple times that's for sure.If you want to buy this game ...dont hesitate... Nothing compares to this game.The dlc's of this game are mindblowing specially  blood and wines...it can be released as an individual game... masterpiece game and the best dlc of any game every released."
,Recommended,292030,19945444,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Nbx3k,"Bought this game first on GoG, then again on Steam since it was so good.69/10 Best 13th Century Sex Simulator I've ever played."
,Recommended,292030,19945957,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Reggie,this game is ♥♥♥♥in sexy
,Recommended,292030,19885085,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,n00b f00,"Likely the best game of 2015. If you like really well crafted quests, dope writing, and great attention to detail. The Witcher 3 is likely for you."
,Recommended,292030,19893448,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Elethrix,"I got this game this on sale 50% off. I never played any witcher game before. I was amazed how beautiful this game is. The scenry and invronment makes you feel like you're in the game. Great sountracks, fun combat, good voice acting and perfect storyline. Runs smooth on my mediocre pc with no lag or stutter. This is the best game i've ever played. Definitely worth all the money spent!!!! Buy it now!100/10"
,Recommended,292030,19887261,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,AOWA,Best Game!!
,Recommended,292030,34649577,Posted: 31 August,all,BoL | Porsupollo,yes i know i just have a little more than 2 hours but i just needed 1 hour to understand this game is something special. buy it you won't regret it
76561198364012403,Recommended,292030,34649969,Posted: 31 August,all,COOKIEtheDOCTOR,this probably one of the best games i have ever played
,Recommended,292030,27966615,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,CaerBannog,The best game I've ever played.
,Recommended,292030,23843175,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,megarust,"The best fantasy RPG I've ever played.  A well developed universe with well developed characters and AAA production values.  I'm glad an RPG with as much development could be made and be successful today, and I look forward to whatever comes next from CD Projekt Red."
,Recommended,292030,26975464,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,magran,Watched the skyrim: SE trailer today and here are my full thoughts on it:- the witcher is better.
76561198121507123,Recommended,292030,25847290,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,ஜ ( The Last Survivor ) ஜ,"The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is one of the best games I've ever played.The world is absolutely massive and loaded with places to discover, people to meet, monsters to slay, and much more!All of this combined with the characters you come to know and stories told throughout the game creates one of the best experiences that I have ever had in a video game. Not to say that there aren't issues, because there are. But personally I never encountered anything serious or game breaking, merely little things that one can easily look past or simply ignore.The same can be said for the two main expansions that are available for the game. Some might say that they're even better than the main game, and in many cases I agree.CDProjekt Red managed to create a high quality and unique game in a time when such a thing isn't nearly as common as it once was, and even went the extra mile to give us completely free DLC's along with two amazing expansions.And that my friends is why I'm giving The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt a well deserved 10/10This review also applies to Hearts of Stone and the free DLC"
,Recommended,292030,23255949,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Greed,10/10
,Recommended,292030,23257489,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Pablo Escobar,You should be have this one on your pc right now (y)
76561198003375076,Recommended,292030,23255233,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Dracula  (yersinia pestis),Very Good !
76561197996834523,Recommended,292030,23256283,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Bourskin,"Never usually review a game but this one is amazing. Never played the first two but it doesn't really make a difference, it throws you in at the deep end so you have to take a lot in. Once your used to how things work you'll be hooked in no time."
,Recommended,292030,15906593,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Oziman,"Simply outstanding, the first game since Red Dead Redemption to really grab me. GOTY for me."
,Recommended,292030,23212890,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Monosis,"I think everything that could be said about this gem was already said so I will share my personal experience:I am a PhD student and when I bought Witcher 3 I was frustrated with my professional life. I was reconsidering my choices and didn't find in me the will to work on my thesis.Then I played Witcher 3 and I realized how much love was poured into making this title. I realized how important it's to do something with passion, how rewarding it is to work seriously. CDPR reminded me of the creative capability we have if we work hard and devote ourselves to the task at hand. CDPR were restless, respected the customers and tried to achieve perfection. We all can learn from their example and the gaming industry in particular should take some notes.In short, CDPR through their hard work inspired me to work harder and now, almost a year later my thesis is almost done and I am satisfied with what I accomplished. The fact that this game could change me for the better is the best compliment I can think of.I will be sure to thank CDPR in my thesis dedication. Do yourself a favor: play this brilliant game, immerse yourself in it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,292030,23506100,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,G1J03L,I specifically waited for the last sale to be over to buy the expansion pass; CDPR deserves every dollar that went into this masterpiece.10/10 — will probably still put 200+ hours into this game.
76561198262157425,Recommended,292030,35033735,Posted: 17 September,all,EarlyWood,"Didn't really get into The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt when I got it on sale.But am now 65 hours in and can't put the controller down now the gameplay is perfect and the visuals of the landscape, countyside and cities are amazing and beautiful (I am using ultra graphic settings). This is a 10/10 game!!A must for your steam library!!!"
,Recommended,292030,33389184,Posted: 8 July,all,Trash Gordon,"I've always been a fan of The Witcher series, and it's been great to see how CDPR have gone from strength to stength from one game to the next. Witcher 2 was such an improvement on the original, so when I heard a third game was being developed, I naturally had high expectations.And CDPR delivered.In an age where so many developers promise the world and deliver you a backyard, The Witcher 3 is an epic, open world adventure.The story is deep and engaging, the combat is great and caters to many different playstyles depending on how you want to play. The game world is one of the most detailed and atmospheric ever created, full of people both good and evil. The series prides itself on the Grey Area, and Witcher 3 is no different. It's not all about being good and evil, things aren't always black and white.I'm probably saying things you already know.Witcher 3 is so engaging, it was the only game I played for 3 months straight. I bought it on PC just to play through it again.For years, The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time was my favourite game of all time.Not anymore.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is simply the greatest game ever made."
,Recommended,292030,23174869,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,X-pert Bandit,Best game to come out on my birthday ever
,Recommended,292030,29598643,Posted: 30 January,all,Sister Fister,"10/10 Best game in Steam Library.If you like Hack and Slash, buy it.If you like RPG, buy it.If you like playing games in general, buy it.JUST BUY THIS GAME AND GIVE CD PROJEKT RED ALL THE MONEY THEY DESERVE."
76561197960372044,Recommended,292030,22047145,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,HESTEHEST,♥♥♥♥ing incredible. All other developers: Watch and learn.
,Recommended,292030,32846212,Posted: 27 June,all,Your Enemy,A game with almost zero downsides and countless upsides. Difficult to play which makes it so much more rewarding when you complete it. Sidequests are fun but sometimes repetitive. The difficulty combined with the environment makes the monotony within the game almost unnoticeable. Recommended for people that enjoy fun games.
,Recommended,292030,15946616,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Philip,"I can only recommend playing this game. Not just because of the graphics but mainly because of the huge world, a great main quest and dozens of side quests and so called ""witcher contracts"".Best line I've heard from a guard so far: ""Maybe, maybe not, maybe go f*** yourself."""
,Recommended,292030,22101503,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Trias,Best game ever.
76561198030817733,Recommended,292030,22873748,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Caiin,Easily one of the best games ever.  Nothing else to say beyond every other review. Save files carry over from the Witcher 2 showing your impact from the previous game. CDProjekt Red is one of the last few game companies not trying to sell you out.  See the massive amounts of free DLC as evidence.
76561198093946045,Recommended,292030,22873784,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,JJ,Best game I have played
,Recommended,292030,22875009,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,G-Money,Story so deep I spent dozens of hours playing it only to realize I was only four or five story missions in. Everythiong is equally in depth.
76561198062882812,Recommended,292030,23563475,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Nirk the Man-Thing Stab-Cutter,This game has only one negative: it ends
,Recommended,292030,23755160,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Cycle Coaster,The holy grail of gaming! this easily tops the list of most epic games ever created ! if you love gaming or new to gaming or even an old school gamer do yourself a favour in play this masterpiece of a game!God bless Poland and that pony
,Recommended,292030,32072049,Posted: 30 May,all,Count Draculence,If you don't buy this at 85% off and you don't own it you are slippen.
,Recommended,292030,33950154,Posted: 1 August,all,Destroya V,"Whew, so where do I begin? So first of all it took me forever to finish this game and the DLC, just because I wanted to savor it. So I will be reviewing the GOTY as a whole.~~TL:DR~~This game is the best game of all time.GET THIS GAME NOW.You will not regret it. But if you still need convincing read on.~~The Story~~I have played all the rest of the witcher games with the exception of the first one. Let me just say this. YOUR DECISIONS FROM THE PAST GAMES HAVE CONSEQUENCES IN THIS GAME. (Take note Mass Effect) Ex. I killed a guy in W2. His  mother goes on to despise me in this one. In fact, all of your decisions in this game matter. I was still getting hounded for bad decisions I made in the beginning of the game about 40 hours in.Which brings me on to another point.The story is god tier. I have never played a game as emotionally engaging as this one. Bioshock Infinite, Last of Us included. Each character is well written and is never black or white, which adds a degree of humanity to them. This game will make you laugh, cry and maybe both at the same time. This of course adds more weight when you have to make tough story decisions. Unfortunately the Wild Hunt and the final act fall a bit short in comparison to the rest of the game and characters. Both of the two DLCs carry on the tradition of good writing and characters and bring along good boss fights.Which brings me to the next point.~~The Gameplay and Mechanics~~The W3 greatly improves upon the gameplay from W2 adding more options of armor and weapons and adding more ways to prepare for boss fights. You could of course just charge in and not prepare but on the harder difficulties it will be more than necessary. I would recommend playing on the two hardest difficulties to get the real Witcher experience.There is not a single boring side quest in this game. As of such I did every single side quest this game had to offer. The only things I didn't like were the treasure quests and the Witcher contracts.All the boss battles are unique in their own right and difficult. They're not Dark Souls difficult by any means but they are still difficult in their own right.~~Controls~~While the controls are good they leave much to be desired. I played the majority of the game on mouse and keyboard and the while the m&kb controls could be better they still are decent. The controller controls are a bit better but swimming controls would be better.~~Graphics and Performance~~The graphics are beautiful, like something out of a painting and the performance was amazing on my little engine that could GTX 960M with some minor tweaks to graphics I ran it on mostly high at around 34-40 fps. That said there are still a little bugs; NPCs clipping, walking into stuff or just being janky. But no game is perfect right?~~Final  Thoughts~~W3 is ambitious game that lives up to the overwhelming hype. With interesting characters and story thing game has made other games worse for me in that they don't live up to everything this one did.10/10"
76561198006678865,Recommended,292030,23283120,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Judah Warrior,It's amazing prob the best RPG ever created!
,Recommended,292030,27348799,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ARPG,"bought the GOTY for just under 20 bucks, it should be considered a sin to CDPR"
76561198103241406,Recommended,292030,23215953,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Ljjj,One of the best games ever made!
76561198116177973,Recommended,292030,23216428,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Spaze,beautiful
76561198011237461,Recommended,292030,23756661,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Amused,"As an oldschool gamer, I've been unimpressed by the steady stream of subpar RPGs the last decade and a half has produced.  Either the new games had great combat, but the story was aenemic, or the story was decent but the combat was atrocious.  My cup ranneth over with discontent.This game changed all that.  Beautiful game, fluid combat and MEANINGFUL choices.Buy this game."
76561197981271179,Recommended,292030,22987048,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,NightWolf,Best RPG ever created
76561198134441027,Recommended,292030,26073807,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Sharp,JUST LOVELY WITH THE GTX 1080
,Recommended,292030,21656221,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Patrick Jr.,"Amazing.Truly, I just need to sit down and play this more often."
,Recommended,292030,23353112,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,naPalm,"Amazing graphics, runs smoothly, incredible level of detail all around, fascinating and well-written story, what's not to like?!"
,Recommended,292030,15917547,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,priv_bryan,The only game to allow you to vehemently collect cards for a TCG and still get laid. In game of course.GOTY
,Recommended,292030,27060119,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Phantom Antichrist,"An adventure you'll never forget...Truly a masterpiece, a must play."
76561198093343634,Recommended,292030,34855176,Posted: 10 September,all,Ciaran,Just buy itIt's one of the best game i've ever played
,Recommended,292030,32717945,Posted: 24 June,all,Chris P. Bacon,10 out 10 should buy.
,Recommended,292030,17546666,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Savor_Savvy,"I preordered this game, knowing that it will be good and indeed it doesn't disappoint."
76561198108864021,Recommended,292030,23894276,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,TheYellowGuy,"I never publicly recommended a game, and I doubt I will ever again. I just want to leave a thumbs up here because I think CDPR deserves more than just a full price for this game and all its dlcs.This is not a review merely because I cannot begin to describe this game with words."
,Recommended,292030,33019747,Posted: 29 June,all,El Chapo,One of the best games I've ever played.
,Recommended,292030,20496105,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,☆Star-Queen☆,"Took my time playing this. This game has SOO much to do. I'm not even close to being finished.I love the combat, it feels fresh, and the story and animations are amazing.So far what I love to do is explore and do treasure hunting. It's sort of relaxing for me. And don't even get me started on Gwent.I give this game a 10 out of 10."
,Recommended,292030,35057804,Posted: 18 September,all,MasBoss,100/10 Love it after Skyrim
76561198357085833,Recommended,292030,30997140,Posted: 7 April,all,Morvran Voorhis,"Big improvement from the previous installments, solid gameplay and good narrative, plot and further character development, higly recommend!"
,Recommended,292030,30870058,Posted: 1 April,all,[HB] True The Summoner,Why do people like this dude? What was his name again? Gary? He is just some Metrosexual Fruitcake with japanese cartoon eyes.
,Recommended,292030,28821982,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Madball,"Between the Witcher 1,2 & 3. by far, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is the best of the series. Gorgeous and touched up. Find myself immersed in this one, and not getting so frustrated or stuck. I love the open world and I write this game high amongst most. Let me add this: I have played through NOT on my account of this game. This is just MY review.9/10"
76561198322742336,Recommended,292030,34327256,Posted: 18 August,all,Ati',one of the best rpg games of all time.
76561198068064972,Recommended,292030,18978440,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,UberNoob,"Things I likedHuge map with large amount of side quests and absurd amount of activitiesFully voiced side quests that are meaningful and not repetitive or mundaneDifferent enemy types require different tactics to defeat. The variety of monsters and beasts is astoundingDeep skill tree that allows you to fully customize a build that fits your playstyle.Plenty of choices and cosequences are presented to you throughout the game. What you choose to do and say can affect the game world and the ending.The story is good, but the work that went into the characters really shows.Dark Souls-like combat system(good thing).GwentSimply the best game RPG since Skyrim I've ever playedThings I dislikedthe combat is a bit clunky and dodging doesn't always work.Makes other games seem bad"
,Recommended,292030,19043249,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,New Age Retro Hippie,Amazing and flawless storytelling. Absolutely Captivating.
76561198096749783,Recommended,292030,19045852,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,incubator,"Now I finally have Fallout 4 in my library, and I decide to go back and play this ... :("
,Recommended,292030,35400860,Posted: 1 October,all,Gerult uv' Revya,"Buy this as a bragging right for the future... so that when you tell tales to your grandkids in *insert 70 - current age* years , you can humbly say you played the greatest, frustratingly undescribable ****ing MASTERPIECE  rpg of its time, and probably all time. BUY IT AND PLAY IT NOW YOU IMBECILE... unless you have children, maybe feed them occasionally."
,Recommended,292030,35460028,Posted: 3 October,all,breadstick lord,"Hot damn.This game is chock-full of the stupidest♥♥♥♥♥♥and it's amazing. I killed this fat dude's family and got him to hang himself. Kind of a shame, really. Was a cool guy. I also befriended a transvestite who sold me girly clothes for a quest so I could look like a twink. Not to mention how I went to a masquerade ball and murdered 7 people with my bare hands, just to save my girlfriend. Like honestly, this guy Geralt is a badass. He can flirt with women, manipulate people with mere words and beat the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of people with barely any effort. He's basically better than me in every way.I got this game on sale for like 30 bucks but I would probably pay more than that if I really wanted to10/10"
,Recommended,292030,29130920,Posted: 8 January,all,Sukina Karina,I was gifted this game with a purchase of a 970gtx from gigabyte to redeem on GoG. I consider this game a masterpiece. CDP-RED have my respect as a company and as developers. I brought this game on steam even though I own it on GoG. I play it primarily on GoG. I'm 50 hours in there and barely touched the surface .This game is an absolute must have10 out of 10
,Recommended,292030,29747838,Posted: 6 February,all,God,"One of the best games I've ever played in my entire life. This is what you can call a masterpiece.StoryStory in this game has incredible amount of depth and it also branches out with the decisions you make. Most of the time I found myself actually listening everyone and paying attention to every little detail because every speech, every writing and every small thing can give useful information about the game, about what happened in the past. In every corner of the map, you always find something intresting. Even the side quests are fun and interesting, I didn't even do a main quest until I was like 15-20 hours in the game.If you enjoy games that tell you a huge story and don't get bored by listening and reading, you will absolutely love this game.GraphicsI mean I don't even know how to describe the graphics. The atmosphere is so good that after half an hour you will become the character itself and you will lose yourself in the environment. It is just amazing. I once thought why I paid so much for my pc, after playing this, I never asked that question again. If you care a lot about the graphics, you will absolutely love this game.GameplayIt is an rpg game in which you mostly use your sword and magic. You have 2 swords for people and monsters and your character can use magic which let you burn your enemies, send a shockwave, create a barrier that blocks enemy attacks, confuse your enemies and set a trap that slows you enemies if they walk in it. Sword fighting can also be improved with levels, letting you deal more damage. There is a crossbow which you can use to deal damage from far and bombs that you can throw which have varying special effects. Like these are not enough, you have potions which have a huge effect on your character. Combining all these, you have a huge chance of creating your own play style. Also all these abilities can be improved with levels and mutagens that you collect from monsters.Game is fluent and sharp, your every click results with an immediate action. I didn't feel a lag or problem with controls.Fighting in this game is so well designed that it literally feels like you are swinging the sword. Rolling, running, swinging, blocking, it all feels sharp and good. You even dismember your enemies with your swing, game literally cuts the enemies with the move of your sword so it doesn't just show blood on an enemy just to show a hit. You see and feel your hits. To achieve this, they made the hit register great, I never said ""I saw that I hit but in game my attack didn't connect"", whatever you do and see happens.Running, swimming, walking, climbing and riding a horse is also really smooth. You can run and travel every place in the map without a problem.MapI felt like I had to add a map part because no matter where you go, you will always find something. I usually don't even bother running around in open world games because it's usually just empty space but in witcher 3, you will find new quests, new items, hidden places, creatures etc. which make you play the game hours after hours. You even find many things under water in random places. Also reading and listening people gives you hints about new locations, for example someone might dropped his belongings while traveling with a boat and if you hear or read it, you can go there and grab it.Character DevelopmentIn this game, you make the choices. This game doesn't have 1 ending or 2, it has huge amount of endings. you create your own future in the game, you chance what happens. You even have the power to change entire villages fate with your decisions. You can try to be good or bad but you will actually always be gray in this game because almost everything you do will have consequences. Most amazing part is that if you pay attention you will see the world change.SoundtrackIf you are like me and care about the soundtrack, believe me you will enjoy witcher 3. After many months, I still listen to the soundtrack and get goose bumps. Brilliant.SummationI honestly think that this game must be bought by everyone who enjoys games. It has a great story, great gameplay and it even has a card game in it which is called ""gwent"" and I can honestly say that gwent is better than most of the games I played which is insane. I found myself playing gwent in every village I go and collected every card possible. If I had the chance to forget a game completely to play it again like it's my first time, it would definitely be witcher 3.10/10 without any doubt. It was wonderful, can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,292030,23304175,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Green Bastard,"By far the best RPG I have ever played, hands down."
76561198039795683,Recommended,292030,23309938,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Kletterhase,"This may be one of the best games i have ever played.It evoked the feeling i had when i was just a little kid and gaming was something new for me.The game made me feel happiness, anger, hate, dread, remorse, sadness, curiosity...I laughed, i cried.. Rarely has a game had such an effect on me.The beautifully crafted soundtrack is still stuck in my head.I haven't played the expansions yet, but i will. I'm already looking forward to playing through this game again.Let's keep this review short:I can say that, without a doubt, CDPR have outdone themselves.The Witcher 3 is more than a game. (For me) It is a masterpiece, a true work of art.And i would like to thank everyone involved in this project."
76561198009963350,Recommended,292030,19040691,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Shiroyama,"By far one of the best games I have ever played!I'm on my second playthrough and it still surprises me.The open world is visually stunning, the characters are memorable. Every side quest feels like it has purpose.And to make things better, the developers are amazing! They seem to genuinely care for the community that supports them.On top of that, the developers released 16 pieces of free DLC.The Season Pass is entirely worth it as well, the first expansion, Hearts of Stone adds 10 hours of gameplay. With the second expansion, Blood & Wine adding 20 hours, when it releases in February 2016.Buy this game right now, it's worth the entire £49.99 pricetag."
76561198062826499,Recommended,292030,19074325,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,BrawleyNeptune,"This is the first game I have played of the Witcher Saga. It reminds me much like skyrim!Its a fantastic game with a great story, brilliant voice acting (english version), lore and amazing graphics!Highly recommended if you like RPG fantasy games!"
,Recommended,292030,19098132,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,ST3V3_AIE,Honestly might be the best RPG i ever played
76561198061818374,Recommended,292030,19002255,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Belg,8/8 m8 gr8 job CD Projekt RED ... but this game ... holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is amazing !!! great story and amazing gameplay ... awesome open world exploration .. a new monster or a quest behind every corner ... 200+ hours playtime and I just finished the main story and heart of stone DLC.
,Recommended,292030,19042023,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Pier,"This is the real deal. Bethesda, get out of here."
76561198163126961,Recommended,292030,19047944,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,WhyWalkOnWaterWhenWeHaveBoats?,"A mastercrafted game that does an insane amount of justice to my most loved universe.Pros-Combat is the smoothest of almost any game i've played, ever.-An excellent story that is executed brilliantly with A LOT of effort from both developers and voice actors.-Graphics. Benchmark has been set for pretty much every other developer, currently running 2715 x 1527 and even sub 60FPS the graphical fidelity makes the game a pleasure on the eyes, knocked back to 1920 x 1080 / 70+FPS for fights that have a lot of mobs on the screen.-Longevity. First playthrough came in at around 80 hours and I missed A LOT of stuff. Currently on my second playthrough and build Which I fully intend to take into NG+.Cons-Can be too long for somebody who doesn't 'dig' the lore and backstory.11/10'Lambert, lambert... What a pr!ck'"
,Recommended,292030,35060614,Posted: 19 September,all,Eldgrim,"This game is the peak of what can be achived in RPG arena.Pure art, pure joy in every moment. Main quest line takes about 50 hour and you still have huge number of side quests. Besides, you have proper DLCs which adds approximately 25 hours of more entertainment.CDPR is an example company and everyone, even the ones with slight interest in RPG games, must play this.The bond between you and other characters is just great.As CDPR said, ""Time is fleeting but memories are forever"".Absolute must-buy."
76561197994578020,Recommended,292030,29974143,Posted: 16 February,all,Repo,"I don't know why i havent wrote a review for this masterpiece sooner, i guess everything has been said already.What i will say and this is no exaggeration but this game is truly the best video game i have ever played and most likely will stay that way in the much distant future.What a gem."
,Recommended,292030,23062601,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Turtle ☭,"When I first bought TW3 I was extremely disappointed with it.  Two of my favorite games are Dragon Age: Inquisition and TESV: Skyrim.  I was ready to try TW3 because I had heard that it was better than both Skyrim and Inquisition, but I was just bored and didn't find it to be fun at all.  It lacked some things that are what made me enjoy DA:I and Skyrim as much as I did such as character customization, play style, creating your character's personality, and the overall situation that the world is in that you have to deal with.  I figured that I was pretty much done with it, and I left a negative review speaking my opinion of the game and why I didn't like it.  After recieving a vicious comment on the review of some random person calling me an idiot for having an opinion, I removed the review and started an entirely new game.  I don't know what happened, but after starting a new game and really getting into the world and not focusing on only gameplay I was pleasantly surprised.  After spending a lot of time playing TW3, I can say that it is equally as good as DA:I, but not quite as good as Skyrim (many people disagree but that's just my opinion).  I like the combat system in TW3 more than DA:I's or Skyrim's, but I like DA:I's story and world more than TW3's, and the freedom that you have over your character in Skyrim.  All 3 games have pros and cons, but if you enjoy either DA or TES, then you're sure to enjoy this one.  I guess that I have to thank the jerk that roasted me because he/she was he one whoconvinced me to give it another chance.  Sorry if this review was unorganized or random at parts, I kind of just speak without planning it out before hand."
76561198026931900,Recommended,292030,20954970,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,arcaneirishholm,"The finest RPG I've ever played, and my new all time favorite game.Witcher 3 has everything. It's a fantastic RPG, inhabiting a beautifully constructed world featuring incredible music and art, based on a mature, highly imaginative and thoughtful story with fantastic characterization. It's a fantasy game for adults, not just because it has ""adult"" themes, but because it deals with complex, ambiguous situations in a world that feels and behaves like a real place. It's strong story foundation shines through every element, supported by great design and painstaking detail. It is heartbreaking, horrifying, hilarious, thought provoking, beautiful and inspiring. It is a triumph, a near perfect blend of game play and story.If you like RPG's, great writing and world building, or compelling characters, you won't find better than the Witcher 3. 10/10."
,Recommended,292030,28225354,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Hedroks,"STOP! What are you waiting for?! JUST DO IT!--Legendary dudu from Youtube, Shia LaBeoufMy neighbour had to call in ambulance on me to check if I was okay. If it wasn't for him I'd sure turn into a drowner, cause I almost drowned in this game! Now that I've finished this masterpiece I can finally die in peace. A game worth living for.11 Aen Elle out of 10.Gotta donate some of my fingernails for the cause of Eredin...P.S. I patiently waited 1 year trying to fix stuff in my real life in order to play this game. It was totally worth it. Now I lost everything! Darn it! I'll have to attend to my real life again..."
,Recommended,292030,33188762,Posted: 3 July,all,JohannesJ 🐑,Yes.
,Recommended,292030,23125075,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Dynas,"This game for me is the standard of which I will compare all other RPG's.I'll say oh yeah the gameplay was good but the quests just couldn't measure up to Witcher. ""How's that?"" you might ask. Well, standard fare for RPG's are fetch quests, escorting, or go and kill this enemy. All those things are in this game, but the difference is you actually care. You have a reason to be on this sidequest. Hell, the Bloody Barron quest line could be the enitre plot to it's own video game and be 10/10. These are just sidequests mind you, never mind the actual plot which gives that grand feeling of being part of something epic.Graphics while not mind exploding like the E3 presentation still live up to expectations in my opinion. I run an overclocked  i7-4770k with GTX 780 and puts my rig to shame. This is a good thing, because despite the shoe-in Nvidia Gameworks after many patches this game is incredibly well polished and optimized.Most importantly are the ethics of the developer. 16 DLC's were released for free. Expansions add major content and new story at a fair price. Patches are timely, developer communication is open, and a DRM free version of this game is sold by CD Projekt RED on GOG. I would pay $60 again solely on these points alone to support this.In summary,If you've been looking for an open world RPG, buy this game.If you've been wanting Zelda for adults, buy this game.If you hate micro-transactions and long for the days of free patches and massive expanisons, buy this game."
,Recommended,292030,16280545,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Alek,"Played 15.6hrs in the first day. I think its ok.GOTY 2015Summon a beast after killing some cows.In game Card game for the nerd in you!Bang everything that have a hole.Regret it later.Start a new game, bang everything again!QuickSave the game before every action, or die without saving and go back 30 min in gameplay.End up in a fight with everyone you talk.Glitch and exploit simulator.Beard growing  simulator.Horse riding simulator.So many simulations, I think the game is the reality itself.Boobies.10/10But Seriously now.  When I bought the game, I was trying to force my self into the witcher series, and didnt expect much of it. It looked beautiful and all, but I wasnt expecting to like the game that much. But i did. First hours where hard, trying to learn every aspect of the game, as for me everything was new, but after some hours in the game, i couldnt stop. Its story was so astonishing that I merely saw the time passing and when I realised, i had played almost sixteen hours without stopping. For me, it is one of the best singleplayer games I have ever played. If you are looking for an unique experience, give this game a chance, as I did. I bet you wont regret it. I dont."
,Recommended,292030,28732595,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,C__hris,"Simply one of the best games I've ever played. I got the GOG version with my video card, but wanted to own it on steam as well.ProsGreat story, keeps you on the edge of your seat untill the endTakes >200h to complete (including DLC)Great graphicsHuge open world which feels like people actually live in. In every corner something intreresting happensGreat athmosphere and soundtrackDLC totally worth it (especially Blood & Wine)ConsYou might want to have a good PC, however, the game also looks good on lower tier systems"
76561198040841853,Recommended,292030,20401145,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Mirkz,"I've just come to the conclusion of the main quest line for Wild Hunt, and all I can say and think is, ""Thank you CD Projekt RED, thank you with all my heart for bringing me, and the world, such an amazing experience"".As countless reviews have already shown and explained. This is game of the year for a reason.I clocked in a total of around 87 hours at time of writing this. I did a lot of the side quests, some treasure hunts, some witcher contracts and there is still so, so much more to play of this game yet.The characters are amazing, there is so much depth throughout the characters you meet along your journey and they all add something of note to an already amazing tale.I can't actually believe it's over... I mean, it's not entirely over there's still 2 expansions.I will gladly buy the expansion pass, I will also gladly and with complete trust, be preordering Cyberpunk also and CD Projekt RED are truly amazing. They've supported us, the gamer, they've given us so much and I would love to give something back, and if that means throwing money at them for future releases I am certainly more than happy to.I haven't been able to sit and play a non multiplayer game for more than an hour or so at a time for well over a decade. This was the first game in a long, long time where I would literally lose an entire day just playing and experiencing everything this game had to offer, and there is just SO much it has to offer.I thought experiences like that were lost to me. A fond, distant memory of my childhood, never to be repeated or experienced again. This game however, has brought it all back in full, for me to experience, appreciate, love and spend hours upon hours in awe of a game is a wish come true.There were ocassional bugs or glitches, though I only experienced one that was kind of 'game breaking' in that one of the boss fights (towards end game), I was left with an inactive boss, he just stood there, unflinching, not moving, just waiting for me to swing away.Though this and other small issues are easily overlooked as the rest of the game was just completely amazing.Again, Thank you CD Projekt RED and anyone/everyone involved with creating this masterpiece. You've reminded me what it feels like to become fully immersed, enchanted by a game. I look forward to playing through the expansions soon."
,Recommended,292030,25109942,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Beansde,"BUY IT! just buy it, don,t let your dreams be dreams.yesterday you said tomorrow, SO JUST BUY IT!Make your dreams come true,just buy it.freaking awesome game, one of the best games, if not the best game, i ever played."
76561198048018964,Recommended,292030,22359497,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Vashta Nerada,"This game looks good, ill give it a shot but ill also make sure not to spend too much time playing50 hours later......What even is sleep?"
,Recommended,292030,28703445,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Leandersci,"Probably the single greatest videogame ever made.This game makes The Elder Scrolls and Fallout series look like corridor linear corridor shooters.The level of detail is legitimately mindblowing.Buy this game. If you cant run it, sell your child or dog or whatever, upgrade your PC, and buy this game."
,Recommended,292030,19476365,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Almighty Kek,Nvidia hair simulator 2015
,Recommended,292030,18515063,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Little,Yes.
,Recommended,292030,23606331,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Mahtis,"The Witcher 3: Wild HuntThis game made me buy the previous games so I could understand the story a bit better, even though I didn't finish the first game because of the fact that the combat was so bad and the graphics were quite outdated, but I'm sure I'll finish that one at some point. Played the second game and it was quite good, butthisgame...I don't even know where to startThe story goes like this (no spoilers): You play as Geralt of Rivia, a witcher (monster hunter) who is in a search of his loved ones who had vanished and is ready to do anything to find them and along the way he finds himself doing a lot of monster slaying and human saving.Positives:Graphics: 10/10Story: 9/10Gameplay: 9/10DLC: 10/10 You can have your own house (or actually a mansion) that has it's own wineyard in Blood and Wine. Hearts of Stone was also excellent, even though it is much shorterVoice acting: 9/10 (Charles Dance as Emhyr is quite hilarious, but it fits perfectly and Geralt sounds like he has been smoking for a while :D)Open world: There are multiple regions as independent maps and you can fast travel between them (thing I hated about previous games were the map limitations and bush walls :D)Soundtrack: 10/10Monsters: 10/10Weapons and armor: Many different witcher armor and weapon sets. You have to take care of your swords and you can also apply the right oil for them against specific monster types.They added a horse!You can have sex with girls: 10/10Bonus+: You can chance haircut and beard stylesNegativesBugs (fery few)Roach always randomly stops when I want to gallop (jk just kidding Roach is the best mare ever:D)I highly recommend this game. CD Project Red is one of those rare independent AAA-developers that really care about their players and listen to the community. These guys also know how to make proper dlc. Can't wait for Cyberpunk 2077!10/10, what are you waiting for buy it already!."
,Recommended,292030,16047159,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,[G1] KlicKz`,":O did you not see my jaw drop the first time.....? :O :O :O :O This game doesnt need a review from anyone, you just need to buy it , play it and it speaks for itself!!"
76561198007341077,Recommended,292030,16079079,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Maty743,sweet as bro
,Recommended,292030,15906061,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,SHAHIN,اللعبه جدا بطله بعيده المدىوالانترفيس العربي جدا جميل يحليك تتحمس مع القصه وانت فاهم كل شيthe story line is really amazing so far and thank you for the Arabic interface so far its perfect :)
,Recommended,292030,16042009,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,MadFergy,"Outstanding game.  Played the first 2, which I thought were great but this one is in a class all by itself.  Better than Dragon Age Inquisition for sure."
,Recommended,292030,16040047,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,M.,Quite possibly the best game ever made.
,Recommended,292030,21064955,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,JamesUK,"Masterpiece, first off I want to apologies for pirating the game when it came out sorry CDPR I just couldn’t afford it at the time.But wow what a game my only complaint is them ♥♥♥♥ing candles WTF are they about (They even make fun of that issus in the expansion pack, lol) also its kind of sad that this is the end of geralt’s and also maybe ciri’s story.But maybe we should thank them for that, every good story has an ending ubisoft could do with learning that.In my humble opinion this is one of the best games ever made.Blood and wine DLC update,WOW now thats how you do dlc 30 Hours + if you want the differnt endings, really fun and differnt quests a great ending to geralt and friends story, just kind of sad that this is the end."
76561198004011946,Recommended,292030,16041708,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,VENOM,120/100 for the good end
,Recommended,292030,28749481,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Hunter,"Already completed the base game from GOG, bought the GOTY here since it was cheaper than buying the expansions on GOG thanks to regional pricing. So currently on my second run of the game and I have to say it is one of the best games I've played. Seeing the changes in gameplay and character interactions when player makes different choices continues to impress me. Even secondary quests and monster contracts are quite fun and crafted very well. Excellent score, visuals and characters make its many GOTY titles well deserved.At first I hated the skilling system, now I don't hate it but at the same time I think they could've gone with something better. Also one other minor complaint of mine is how the game doesn't at times give enough hints about failable quests, a small alert saying this quest would fail would have been nice but this is not a deal breaker in any way.ProsCombat has been highly improved over the W2 oneRevamped alchemy system which removes the need to constantly brew them, liked this changeWell written quests and charactersGreat soundtrackChoices which go beyond good or evil often with surpising outcomesConsCustomization is a bit limited, would've been nice to be able to customize armor color for oneDirections on map can be very misleading at timesMonster trophy bonuses are a bit disappointing in terms of variationMain characters disappear once game is complete, would've been nice to keep them in world with minor interaction options with them like say playing gwent, doctor or what not( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Overall I'd say that this is definitely a game to be played and has more than enough content both in terms of quality & quantity for its asking price."
,Recommended,292030,15989203,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,vanzi,Masterpiece.
,Recommended,292030,16058744,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Captain Ernest,I've played worse.
76561198046630523,Recommended,292030,23106008,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,banzaigtv,"This is the pinnacle of PC gaming and makes my PC show its true potential. The graphics are amazing and while the gameplay takes some getting used to, it puts Skyrim to shame. This game has the potential to beat Skyrim's long-standing record for the most hours played in a single game in my library."
,Recommended,292030,15981261,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Toxicwire,"My previous review of this game was positive, short and more towards the funny side, I decided to do a short positive review of this with a serious tone.I'll keep it short as best as I can; I don't buy many ""new"" games as soon as they come out, I dislike the Witcher 1 and Witcher 2 and always push them aside as I dislike linear games and then I found out this game was open world and followed it during release and picked it up. Let me say, the game does not fall short on its hype and beauty; the beauty will draw you in with immersion and now on to the bulletions of pros and cons so the review is short and effective.PROS:-Pagan like culture with Christian like culture (There is pagan like rituals, medieval armies clashing [you don't see them clash first hand]-Complete own fantasy system (few classic creatures known to the fantasy world, most of the game creatures are designed to fit in their own universe)-Great lore, books to read, bestairies and stuff to read up on the world.-You make a difference; choices matter-Hard combat (but varying difficulty levels that let the regular story player have fun and the brutalizing masochist have fun)-TONS of QUESTS, I haven't got through the game yet, I thought I finished the main quest line today as it reached a high climax and I was wrong, there is still a lot of main quest left.-Fun mini card game-Huge, open worlds to explore with EXCELLENT graphics (I play on mostly medium-high graphics, stunning)-VERY atmospheric-All quests or at least the vast majority are very interesting-Sex, a lot of sex and in the choices; you don't have to have sex (personally I had sex with all the women I could).-Geralt does some funny things, there is some dark and light humor overall-Game can irk you and play with your emotions at certain situations at hand which is good*A lot more featuresCONS:-Some quests can drag out too long-A lot of graphical bugs such as items popping in out in cutscenes and in the players world-Annoying combat with turning and manuevering can feel like you're trying to manuever a elephant-Without previous game time and completion of Witcher 1, Witcher 2; you'll know only 3/4 of what is going on-Cities are cluttered which is good, makes the city vibrant yet hard to move around and I found myself mashing the hell out of my keyboard trying to get over a small rock-When trying to flee from combat or an enemy comes near your guy will still be in ""combat"" mode and can't make potions or equip potions as well as level up and it's annoying as the enemy will most likely hunt you down for a whileClaimed features of interest [I can't back these up but from what I heard]~Around 200 hours of game play, depending on game play style, difficulty, exploring, questing, etc.~I heard there was around 32 endings, I wouldn't doubt it as the game gives you a huge variety of choosing what to do.Verdict: The game is very fun yet the technical things can break the immersion and thus can be frustrating, the cons aren't story breaking, I'd give the game around an ~8.5/9 out of 10."
,Recommended,292030,22535697,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,feasega,"I think this might be the best single-player game I've played.The story-telling in this game is ♥♥♥♥ing magnificent, you just can't help being grown attached to the characters, and in my opinion, this is what makes this game so good. I've had some trouble with the handling of the game, for example the horse movement isn't really superb and it can be clunky at times but the combat system is fantastic, yet, all of this doesn't matter. If you came for a game which is focused about gameplay and movement and such then this isn't a game for you (not to say that the feel of the game is bad, it's suprisingly good) but this isn't what the game's about.If you want a game which has a great story with fantastic voice actors, storytelling, characters and a deep story at that then you should get this game, full price or not, this game is definitely worth it.The story keeps you focused in the game, I don't think I skipped one cutscene! You find books and such that you can read to know more about the lore of the game, you can do side-missions which will also give you a better background on what had happend before and of course, there are witcher contracts which aren't really related.The main focus of this game is the story, it can keep you playing the game non-stop for hours at times just to know more and progress more.Honestly, if you're looking for a story-driven game with one of the best storytellings which every act you do will affect your ending (well, not any, but most) then get this game right now.I give this game a solid 9.9/10 (9.9 for the horse mechanics, sorry), I think this tops every single player game I played, definitely GOTY."
76561198057381037,Recommended,292030,24938104,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,𝗁𝗂𝖽𝖺𝗄𝖺,Worth buying forGwentalone. 10/10. (ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧
,Recommended,292030,17036593,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Ice Fox,This is an edited version of a pointless review
,Recommended,292030,16023718,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Mara Jadewind,Need not to read furthermore.Just buy it.worth every single bucks and life spend on it.
,Recommended,292030,23055323,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,GODrick,pros:-amazing gameplay-amazing story-amazing characters-amazing sq-consequences too everything you do in both main story and sq-beautiful scenery and graphics-beautiful soundtrack (The best soundtrack ever if you ask me)-best Game of all timecons:-No social life-No future work because your grades will go down drastically
,Recommended,292030,28817027,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Fast 'n' Bulbous,lit af
76561198170598771,Recommended,292030,21539486,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Pack n' Cheese,Favorite game ever. I love it and hate it at the same timeMade me laughMade me cryMade me cry moreReally glad I chose the right endingWill give you feels if you don't choose the right endingWill give you the feels regardlessBe preparedThis is a monsterYou WILL want to play it againAlso...Free Quest DLCHELL YEAH!!110000003/10 because of Triss <333333333333
,Recommended,292030,28579962,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Delightful,I legit over time felt like i was watching the best movie ever.
76561197977420322,Recommended,292030,20882660,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Powpow,"So having played Witcher 1 and didn't bother finishing that because I got annoyed after a while with how the quests were setup, I went on to Witcher 2 which was a much more organised and much better combat system and completed it.Now I started playing Witcher 3 and was happy to see that my Witcher 2 save file was transferable and my version of Geralt  retained that tattoo he got from the Brothel among other things :). The GUI is way better than the previous games and the combat is much more responsive.This game is well optimised and runs between 40+ to 60 fps @ 1080p on my gtx 970 with GeForce Experience optimal settings with an i5 3570K and 8 gigs of RAM.So far the story is progressing very nicely and I am enjoying every minute of play and looking foward to completing this one.Personal Rating:Gameplay: 8/10 - Combat is better than the previous ones but the targetting and camera are a bit woobly and the horse just isn't needed most of the time.Graphics: 9/10 - Way better than the previous Witcher and can look even better with mods :)Sound: 10/10 - It's raining outside and the wind is blowing heavily (need I say more?)"
,Recommended,292030,23053909,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,MogamBro,The best game I've ever played.
76561198060910259,Recommended,292030,24952619,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Nvm i should play cuz im bored,"You should buy this game. They called it the "" Game of The Year "" for a reason"
76561198008075278,Recommended,292030,16037744,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Darth Walrus,"This game is AMAZING. Great story, amazing cutscenes, wonderful graphics and landscapes, a scale that does not make things appear overblown, or far too reduced, great minigames, ever entertaining quests - never in the game have I felt ""grinding"" for experience, unlike in so many other games, not to mention that your decisions do matter, and you forge how all the background works out. The only few downsides are in controls (especially with horse collision), and with common ""bloptids"" looking very much alike.  You should definitely get this game!Having played both Hearts of Stone and Blood and Wine, I can say that while I was somewhat disapointed by the smaller scale of Hearts of Stone, I don't think I was ever touched more by any videogame story than this one. I cannot but reccomend that one too.As for blood and wine - I'd say that storywise it was a bit worse than Hearts of Stone - and about the same level as lets say Velen area and a bit of Novigrad in the vanilla game. Although it certainly had its own charm re-introducing long-lost characters, and I spent hours with my new favourite Gwent deck"
,Recommended,292030,16043725,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Aglara Andune,"I don't do many reviews, but for this game i feel like i had to. So here goes.Gameplay: 9/10Switching from TW2 to TW3 was a bit odd as the controls were very different, however after remapping it to be more like TW2, gameplay feels alot smoother. The time slow with bombs is very nice and lets you plant it where you want it. Crossbows are a fantastic addition to my arsenal. Movement isn't as crisp as it was in The Witcher 2, but i like the movement smoother. Also... Jumping!Story 10/10Having played both previous Witcher games, the story has alot more depth and meaning to it. The choices in the story are pretty hard to make sometimes, as the game is asking you to do the lesser of evils, or choose between who dies among other choices. Please note I have not at this time finished the third act of the story, but the ending of the second act was phenomenal.Graphics 10/10Was there a downgrade? Yes. Do i care? No. Why? Because mods. That being said, there are two things that can make or break a game for me: The actual world, and the lighting.The world: This world is vast and open. Being an outdoorsy person I've seen my share of seeing a variety of locations, from forest swamps, to open plains. This game captures the world damn near perfectly. From eroding trails, to crumbling ruins, to the swamps of Velen to the mountainous isles of Skellege, the environmental details are so perfectly placed. This is one of this is one of the very few games I will toggle off the running to just walk around and take it in.Lighting: What can i say about the lighting.... Well it's over done at times, but in trademark Witcher style. The sunsets are mindblowingly beautiful. The nights are a bit bright, but to be honest I really am not a fan of dark nights where i can't see anything, and it also makes sense because you are playing a witcher who can see in the dark... The lighting during the day is very realistic, a lovely, crisp white with a hint of yellow. When your in forests the lighting takes on a greenish hue, and when in town I've noticed a slight red tint. The swamps get a slight brownish/sepia tone to them. Very realistic and very well done.Audio: 10/10The sounds are amazing. They are very realistic, the clash of steel is sharp, the snort of pigs is from real pigs, and the soundtrack is amazing. 'Nuff said.Overall 10/10Better than Skyrim. Much better. The story is way stronger, the combat is more responsive, the graphics are way better, and the game already made me cry."
76561197965873747,Recommended,292030,16043107,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Khress,Game of the year 2015!Over 100 hours of awesome gaming. very strong story and even deeper characters!Combat is challenging and deep. on higher difficulty you need to prepare for fights or you will have a hard time.I very much recommend this game!
76561198115270071,Recommended,292030,16070299,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,D-NiLe,The best RPG game ever.. harmoniously developed in all expect...just wish to have more extra content in season pass. Excellent story and voice acting. If u have the coins why not buy this game..its worth it. Well done CD Project RED.
76561198011662037,Recommended,292030,16021259,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Possum,"This game is not without flaws. Flaws that would actually matter more if it was not for the excellent overall game. First of all I can recommend it to everybody who enjoyed the previous witcher games. You as well will like it when you played Skyrim or Dragon Age. Yes, there is no ""better than those"" or ""sucks compared to"". All of them are great games and all of them are a sweet waste of time.Witcher 3 does many things right. The world, its characters, its rich background and its openess is the main character of this game. Witcher thrives on its rich lore and background and it rewards you if you know some stuff about it. It is not an easy ""Sit in"" like Skyrim where only a few words in the beginning are needed to provide you with all the info you need. Thats a difference but not a flaw.The graphics are excellent. The art design is fantastic. The voice acting as well with some exceptions. I am playing the german version and especially Yennefers voice is odd and weak. But Geralt is spot on and that is what matters. His reactions and answers to the dialogues are sometimes just to good. The sound is excellent. The music score is again just like Assassin of Kings simply brilliant. For me is though AoK is the high watermark in that aspect.The open world aspect fits perfectly. Geralt is a witcher and he travels a war-torn, devastated land with burned villages and fugitives and monsters haunting the fields and deep woods, vast swamps and coasts of this land. There is so much to do, so much to explore. And its dangerous. You are not a super hero. Even minor enemies like Wolves and Drowners will get the better of him if he isnt careful and prepared.The fighting system is unforgiving on higher difficulties. It demands you to use its abilities to the fullest or you will die a lot. Evade, dodge, parry. Light attack, heavy attack, magic signs. Each enemy has its own formula both in tactics and in potions to be applied to your blade as weapon oil. Thanks to the side step ability the fights are less of a roll-fest than in part 2. The figths themselves are fun and bloody. You will cut enemies in two halves. Youll behead them and you cut off limbs. Youll mow them down from horseback which is in my opinion overpowered. If the scenery is right youll be able to fight off high level monster by simply riding past them and cut them in slo mo a dozen times. Nevertheless its immense fun.The monster hunts using Geralts senses is fun too. The mechanic becomes old pretty quick but the stories and different monsters dont. They are ranging from menacing to creepy and scary. Especially the blood baron questline will give you the shivers. Some monsters seem to be unbeatable at the beginning but as soon as you realize they have a certain weakness youll come by them easily and it will feel like win. Signs are even more important than ever. Not just quen like in the second installment of the game.The inventory system is a mess. It is mind boggling that an experienced company like CDP Red did something like that. It cant even be explained with console compatibility. Even with a controller this system makes no sense. Why are books and notes thrown together into a sub menu with oils and potions and food? My advise is to read a book and a note and throw it away right after. Alchemy and crafting share a common folder in the menu too which is terrible. You wont need another ingredient after you made one potion. Which makes all the herbs you find in the wilds rather silly. Only alcohol is needed to replenish it. But you will need a lot of ingredients for the extensive crafting system as you simply dont know what will be needed for a certain armor or a sword.The experience system is terrible. Right from the start you will pick up contracts that are 20 levels above you. You will as well find crafting schemes and weapons that are way above you at the time. It makes no sense because the game does not reward you when you go into difficult areas. I understand that the developers wanted to prevent players from using exploits or cheap tactics to gain a game breaking advantage by aquiring powerful gear. But in the end you learn that you have to work through the lower level quests first so the world isnt as open as expected. There are many areas where monsters simply wreck you, even those you consider ""normal"".The skill system is not really good as well. Why they dropped the in my opinion excellent skill system from part 2 is beyond me. Instead you got like a 2 part skill system where you first receive skill points you invest into a skill tree and into an ability and then you pick your unlocked abilities and arrange them into another skill tree to be able to use them and buff them with mutagens. So it is not recommended to spread your skill but to stick to a few and concentrate on a certain aspect. Again though fighting skills and magic seem to be mandatory which again limits your choices. Not very good. Again i can see what they tried to do but it limits the player. As well you get only into higher tiers of skills if you invest a good amount of skill points into the tree to unlock them.Some other minor flaws are the inability of the map to focus on your quest (edit: patch fixed) destination and that the gear becomes obsolete way to quick.But overall the game is EXCELLENT and CD Project Red is a company who work hard to improve their games well beyond sale. I have no doubts that they will correct some mistakes and improve the game and add content like they did in Assassin of Kings or with the Witcher enhanced edition. They are that good.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,292030,16042470,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,zhiken *,Yes
,Recommended,292030,16030046,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Gravengrav,"In The Witcher 3, to combat real time beard growing, Geralt must undertake a perilous path of random quests so that he can gain access to a barber; which I have yet to locate. After 20+ hours...The game is about a 10/10 btw."
,Recommended,292030,16036404,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,asddddddf,"Full of interesting quests and characters, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt offers players a lot engaging gameplay, in a richly detailed world."
,Recommended,292030,16046341,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Framed Vault,"This truly is a great game, amazing story line and perfect graphics. Just what you'd expect from a Witcher game.This review won't contain any big spoilers, yet I will talk a small bit about the characters.Pros:- Amazingly graphics.- The game feels really immersive, everything feels ''alive'' if you will.- The main story is replayable (for me at least).- Enough side quests for hundreds of hours.- Rewarding feeling for killing a boss mob, or doing something that is hard.- You can really feel a bond with the characters.Cons:- FPS drops from time to time, due to the grahics.- Small glitches (horse getting glitched under the map, people floating, NPC's not rendering)- Having to care about saving after every battle, I've had times where I had to kill a powerfull mob, but died afterwards    making me have to fight it again.- Texture glitches which remove the immersive feeling for a split second. (Nothing big, it's just annoying to see something like that in such a wonderful game)- After the main story ends, you really don't get to see any of the characters, which is really a bummer for me, I always like talking to characters after the game has ''ended'' to see what they're up to, get them to follow you and do some side quests together for example. (Most people don't mind this, but I for one did)Summing up: This is a great game, but you do need a good PC to run it. Otherwise it will definetly ruïn your expirience.Should you buy it? Yes!"
76561198028011762,Recommended,292030,19457667,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,TeeGrumpy,Too lazy for long review.Just one word for this game: Masterpiece
,Recommended,292030,19859375,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,JamJackEvo,"The great thing about The Witcher 3 is that its developers, CD Projekt Red, knew what they were doing, knew their audience, and knew to give lots of love and passion as they nurtured this GOTY baby into completion.Most of the Side quests aren't just tacked-on busy work that you only do for XP. Each has a story to tell and oftentimes you're left to deal with a moral dilemma that doesn't quite paint the choices you'll make as black & white. Almost everything here is a shade of gray, and it's more up to the player's own morality to determine whether or not to, say, kill a murderer because it was alleged self-defense or let an accidental sororicide be dealt with very brutal justice. There is no hand-holding in these decisions—you make your own and you deal with it.Combat has improved since Witcher 1's clunky MMORPG-esque swordplay of 3 interchanging Witcher School combat styles and Witcher 2's quicksave-move-quicksave-move-combat!-defeat-quickload-potions-COMBAT!-victory sort of play. There's even two types of dodges, short and long, which strangely provides more control over combat. I never thought I actually needed another dodge button until this game, too. Button-mashing is detrimental here; mostly you have to play this smart. You need to incorporate dodges, parries, counters, and Signs to survive, especially on harder difficulties, and that's great because it keeps you on the edge of your seat.The expansion packs, Hearts of Stone & Blood and Wine, bring more story and development to Geralt as a witcher and as a man. This is a guy who'd been through decades in The Path, and along the way, his romantic ideas of grandeur got chipped bit by bit (reading the Witcher books will help you delve deeper into his backstory) and we see more of that tired warrior in the first expansion, especially in the final confrontation (should you choose to go that path, anyway). The second expansion is, in my opinion, the best farewell CDPR can give to Geralt. I won't say more on it, lest I go to very spoilery territory.Just know that, all in all, this is a great game, a great buy, and a game that outrightearnedits various Game of the Year Awards in 2015.10/10I'll be remembering this game fondly in the years to come..."
,Recommended,292030,19474633,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Mr.ADAO,Already have so many reviews there.I just show my support.Game Of The Year. This is the game you must play.
76561198119567781,Recommended,292030,19536380,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Onion Sucker,One of the greatest games I've ever played in my life.
,Recommended,292030,19635655,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Surfer,There are many words that define this game... but the one that define's it best is:Masterpiece.
,Recommended,292030,16935140,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,salxicha,"CD PROJEKT RED did one of the best RPGs ever made.- The game graphics and overall visuals are stunning.- Absurd ammount of content (Quests, Subquests and contracts - there are also a number of quests that are activate talking with NPCs not listed in the main/sub quests)- Immersive environments - from the fields, cities and castles (Even King Bethesda can learn one or two here)- Very nice plot and adult themeIsn't a bug free game but the developer is working hard to ramp up everything possible and also implementing adds/benefits  hearing the feedback from community. During my gameplay I didn't find anything that would broke the game at all (like I did in Skyrim for example).The flaws in the game are related to balance.- Monsters don't scale with your level making revising some areas a walk in the park- Sets are super overpower and not difficult to grab. Once you get those you're a super Witcher.In my dreams I will have Witcher 1,  2 and 3 all together using this engine and fantastic graphics."
76561198072385047,Recommended,292030,17116865,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,sinisterraptor,dude this game is the bomb
,Recommended,292030,17134458,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,XO TOUR Llif3,The best RPG I've ever played. period.
,Recommended,292030,17795331,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Julian CB,The best game i ever played
,Recommended,292030,15963334,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Jonathan,"Oh so good.  It's what I wished DA:I was (what a letdown).  It's a big open world rpg like Skyrim but with actual quests (meaningful ones, with dialogue and choices).  Loads of content to do.  25 hours in and only scratched the surface it seems like (level 11 as well).  Can't find much to complain about.  Runs pretty smooth on my 770 GTX, 8320, 16GB RAM.  If you are a fan of the books like I am, you'll enjoy it even more.  Many throwbacks to the books and it's nice to understand the lore and conversations going on.  Take your time and savor the world.  How many years will it be before another game tops the magnitude of this one?"
,Recommended,292030,15968731,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,HydrocookiE,"A man wanted me to kill an assassin. So I did. Got gold, A bounty on his head... Killed him, raided his house and took all of his belongings and got paid by man that gave me bounty 11/10"
76561197981079449,Recommended,292030,15938155,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,k^,10/10 !
76561197973188636,Recommended,292030,15938277,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Master Mustache,"Its crazy how much detail and work has gone into every aspect of this game. Just...you need to experience it for yourself, its truly up there with the greats of the rpg genre, and will be the ideal for what a true rpg should be for a long time to come"
76561198027397482,Recommended,292030,15946800,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,NoahTF,"A game that well earns its spot as one of the best RPGs of our time.The story revolves around Geralt of Rivia, a skilled Witcher searching for an old acquaintance in a large, open world. While the game's biggest selling point is likely the superb presentation of the storyline, other aspects like combat, exploration, and even crafting equipment weren't pushed to the back burner to make room for the story. With hundreds of hours of content and numerous impactful choices, you'll find yourself wondering how things would have turned out if you'd done everything differently, giving you plenty of room for replayability. Below are a few of the highlights.Graphics: Exceptional - From lower settings that run on baseline specs to ultra quality settings for top-end rigs, the game looks beautiful in all aspects. There's a handful of (very minor) texture pop-in issues, mainly during cutscenes, but they aren't something that detracts from the game's value and overall exceptional looks.Audio: Excellent - The game's musical soundtrack is fitting and blends seamlessly in and out of combat with specific local or situation-focused themes for different regions. Sound effects are handled well, ranging from the footsteps of Geralt or his horse, Roach, to environmental and monster sounds. Using Geralt's Witcher senses (a unique sort of audio and visual tracking enhancement from his mutations) can sharpen his hearing, allowing you to detect distant creatures by the sound of twigs breaking and leaves rustling as they make their way through forests or swim beneath the waves.Combat: Solid - Not being a veteran of the previous Witcher games, I don't know first-hand how combat is handled in them; In W3, combat revolves around several different systems. Melee weapons such as steel swords, axes, maces, and the like, used against humanoids and natural beasts, and silver swords used against monsters; Magic (in the form of 'Signs'), which range from traps placed on the ground to powerful kinetic blasts, used in combat and for exploration or conversation in some cases; And ranged combat, primarily consisting of a small crossbow used to down flying monsters, and bombs, packed with explosives and highly effective compounds. While certain enemies need a degree of mixture in the fighting elements, you're free to use them as you find most comfortable. You can block and parry attacks from most humanoids, but monster attacks typically require you to dodge them. Unlike most other games I'm familiar with that include a dodge mechanic, W3 has two dodge types: A short range, quick dodge, useful for simply avoiding single blows or for hopping behind an enemy, and a longer range roll. Also  included is a simple but robust system of mounted combat, allowing you to charge up an attack as you ride and time your swing for maximum effect.Crafting, Alchemy, and Resource Collection: Reasonable - Most RPG games share a fairly common set of elements related to collecting resources, and W3 is no exception. Materials for most equipment you can make come from loot you pick up, including minerals and such, without the need to mine ore yourself. Instead of having to craft things on your own, most items (such as weapons and armor) need to be brought to armor- and weapon-smiths for their creation; you provide the materials and pay for the work, and they create the item for you. Simple enough, and doesn't require you to invest in crafting skills. Alchemy allows you to use certain materials (herbs, minerals, monster parts, etc.) to create a wide array of potions, with buffs or healing effects, make bombs, or mix Oils, a compound you can apply to a weapon to give it a unique strength against a type of monster. While entirely optional and seldom forced on you, investing in these systems isn't as useless an endeavor as it is in many other RPGs.Character Progression: Solid - Plenty of skill tree choices, most of which are focused around combat. You get a skill point every time Geralt levels up (gaining XP from doing quests, liberating prisoners from bandits and other tasks, as well as kills) and from Places of Power (small shrines scattered across the world that grant a skill point on first use, as well as buffs for one of your signs.) From upgrading existing skills to unlocking new ones, there's a decent amount to choose from. You can also change which skill sets you have equipped at any time you're not in combat. Also included are Sign upgrades, unlocking alternate cast modes or crowd control options.Content: Superb - Ranging from the main story's gripping plot and loads of side quests to exploration and character interaction, it seems like every place W3 takes you, it takes you all the way. NPCs are well handled and have more feeling to them than plenty of similar RPGs (such as, there's more than three voices for town guards), and everything from animation to voice acting is close to flawless. Like exploring a vast open world? Not only is it encouraged, it's a viable and rewarding experience. You won't find copy-pasted dungeons and towns; everything I've come across in the wilds or in civilization has been its own unique setup. And instead of constant loading screens transitioning you from point to point, most (if not all) buildings, caves, castles, forts, you name it, are all open and in the same instance; just walk right on in. As open as the game is, it's obvious that entails travel times from place to place, and to make it easier, you can travel to and from Signposts you've visited around the world.Controls: User Preference - The game supports gamepads as well as KB/M. If you prefer the latter, camera control and basic attacks are carried out with the mouse, and movement, dodging and signs are handled with the keyboard. If you're playing with a gamepad, there's an option to lock the camera on a specific target to keep it more easily visible during combat. With either method, input and control are smooth and responsive.Another nice piece of content is an extensive card game known as Gwent. A strategic card-collecting game with a following around the game world, you can spend plenty of hours just seeking out and thrashing new opponents to increase your collection with rare cards. Though an optional system, it's loads of fun and another great way to spend time.Conclusion: Surpasses expectations - Having come across only a small number of things that some players mind find unattractive (such as the fact that you can't fast travel from any location on foot or horseback, only at signposts), there's nothing that stands out as any sort of glaring flaw. Every aspect The Witcher 3 ventures into, it does with finesse and abundant success. As for the price, $60 USD for the base game, plus the expansion pass at another $25, is a bit on the steep side, and a lot of gamers will want to wait until the price drops at some point. However, this is also one of the few games I've played that, in my opinion, is worthy of its price tag even at full price. I do strongly suggest verifying that your PC can handle it, though, and as others have mentioned, disabling the Steam Overlay can significantly improve framerates."
76561198046662191,Recommended,292030,19884238,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,SassyNY,"This Game is Amazing,Graphics& the Story line Very Enjoyable! I Recommend it."
76561198016132526,Recommended,292030,19884259,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Weiss,11/10
,Recommended,292030,33660399,Posted: 19 July,all,✌Курдистан✌,Geralt is literally born to fûck everything that moves.....
,Recommended,292030,22906756,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Jesse,Don't know of any other game that had me play 5 days in a row at 10+ hours each day.
,Recommended,292030,19492230,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Sheppard,Hooked on this glorious masterpiece since the begining! Bought the 2 DLCs also. Theres nothing else that compares to this. Its in a whole other level of its own! Just wow. I cant even play other games since there not this. i hate it. no. I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!The people at Cd Projekt RED deserved the GOTY Award for this.
,Recommended,292030,19494697,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Kershocker,Rich open WorldAmazing visualsBrilliant StoryFun CombatGreat Lore.What more could you ask for?
,Recommended,292030,23048747,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Vendetta,"When I was small, Mom told me not to brawl people, or do gambling, racing, and... well... whoring.This game is a perfect simulator of doing things Mom would not allow ;)Gwent/10 would disappoint Mom again /sReal review below:The story writing in this game, both for the main storyline and the side quests, is superb. The world is huge and filled with nice surprises of unexpected encounters and/or tiny but well-developed side quests. The devs even managed to make those repetitive general quests of RPG like racing or brawling random dudes interesting in this game. Some people don't like the combat system but I think the use of signs (limited magic-like power) and alchemy is pretty fun. Not to mention the monster bestiary that provides strategic info of how to approach each type of monster.The only Con I can think of is that because we are roleplaying as Geralt the witcher, the character customization is thus quite limited. That being said, the characters' background and interactions are more well-developed this way.For The Steam Awards, I nominate The Witcher 3 - Wild Hunt for the ""Woaaa Dude"" section, as it is arguably the best game I have played so far."
76561198037802521,Recommended,292030,33247960,Posted: 4 July,all,Prantick,Literally the greatest game ever made.
,Recommended,292030,25112842,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,AbyssHawke,Only thing that bothered me is that you can't jump over small obstacles while in combat.Rest of the game is (From Story to atmosphere and from voice-acting to side-quests) just PERFECT.Total masterpiece.10/10 would play gwent a 500 hours more. (Best card game simulator 2015)
,Recommended,292030,25441114,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,rtgamer,This is one of best game I have ever played.Get this game and you won't regret. The two expansions are also great. I had purchased the game of the year edition where i got complete game.Thank you.
,Recommended,292030,17749439,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,strifehart,The Witcher 3 is by far the best RPG I've played. I honestly hope that other developers look to CDProject Red as inspiration of how to create a world that feels alive and relevant. I can't wait to play the expansion.
,Recommended,292030,19590479,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Sir Hamington,"A very well crafted game with amazing quests and characters.It has gorgeous visuals with very few loading screens and absolutely nails the ambiance.If you can get over the uninteresting combat and janky contols, this is a must-play.Definetely one of the best games of this decade."
,Recommended,292030,23821897,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Hitman,Best RPG ever...
,Recommended,292030,20925018,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,radamant,One of the best games ever created. Certainly the best game of 2015. Why aren't you playing it yet?
76561198090123523,Recommended,292030,21619650,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,snowblind,"Scientists baffled by local videogame's ability to be flawless. Big videogame companies hate him!Seriously, I wish there were more games like this out there. The one that comes to mind is Dragon Age: Origins which shares a lot of similarities. CDPR did everything perfectly with Witcher 3, I recommend it to everyone who can run it on high settings."
,Recommended,292030,22901282,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,austin,this should be more than 95% positive
,Recommended,292030,17207400,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Rufio,"Truely a masterpiece. This game is game of the century. There are lots of environment details, insane graphics, not a piece of garbage like GTA V(I am sorry fanboys but it is the truth.) Just buy this game, you won't regret it. Long and detailed story, insane graphics, extremely and I really mean it EXTREMELY fun combat. An open world which isn't empty like most of the open world games out there, you can enter pretty much every building throughout the game(might even be all buildings because I was able to enter any building I wanted, there might be exceptions so yeah...) Like 10 or more free DLCs. CD Projekt Red, you guys are true developers unlike Ubishit and EA. Really well done.Edit: 13.4 hours so far and I might have completed like 25% or maybe slightly more. Need I say more? By the way, world map is indeed way too big and there are loads to explore.Just another edit: Finished the game in 44 hours, didn't do sidequests, didn't explore much. Fast travelled a lot. Gonna finish throughly without fast travel while exploring and doing side quests in a bit. The game is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,292030,20744804,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,"AvJ.Punished ""Venom"" Shub","This game is what I imagined video games would be like in 2015 when I was a kid. This level of graphical fidelity, the sprawling open world, the huge, detailed story, endearing characters, and some god damn fun as hell gameplay. This game is a testament to everything video gaming has been building to and should be the new baseline for standards for any new game that comes out.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is exactly like what would happen if we got an adult Legend of Zelda game, and I for one can't be happier with what I got.Easily a 10/10P.S -♥♥♥♥ Yennifer, go with Triss she's the best"
76561198273468551,Recommended,292030,25806709,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Graywolf247,"I love it ♥Before I played:＼＼＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)/     ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　                         ）   ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._, ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Recommended,292030,16099587,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,.AB.,"Best RPG ever , love it !"
76561198030483955,Recommended,292030,16039419,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,King Trump,"The Witcher 3 is simply the best RPG of all time. This game excels on many levels, not only does this game have detailed main quest and characters. It also features an amazing array of fleshed out and in some cases superior side quests. The stories featured in these side quests could rival other AAA games main story lines cough cough (insert any recent title here). At some points in this game I have grown so attached to the characters and the world itself, the decisions I have made. I have become literally upset and have even went as far to load a earlier save just to change my decisions, you will also find yourself in a similar scenario and i can tell you, it won't be easy. Now it is not only the story that makes this game a truly incredible title. The gameplay is also elegantly executed. The combat feels reactive and the monsters are smart in how they fight you. If playing on one of the harder difficulties you will find yourself having to come back to certain monster fights later on in the game to defeat the foe. You will need to prepare with Oils, runes and potions etc. Some monsters such as a wraith that has a weakness to specific oils potions and spells in the world will prove to be a challenge if you are not adequately prepared. If i yonder on anymore I believe we will be here all night. So lets tie this up. The Witcher 3 is a one of a kind game and i can tell you I have not played a game as great or as memorable since Ocarina Of Time. I hope that will give you a good idea on how much you are missing out if you have not already picked up this game. Peace."
76561198023312777,Recommended,292030,19018484,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Karakum,"Perfect game. Graphics, battle dynamics, story, decides and results, the feelings.. 10/10"
,Recommended,292030,19019377,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Capa,one of the best games ever made!
76561197966496074,Recommended,292030,19017984,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Fisslag,tried to get every woman to sleep with menearly got a threesomeended alonewould definitely try it again
76561198008299889,Recommended,292030,16200903,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Hidden Gunman,I saw kids throwing rocks at a peasant...Truly immersive +10
76561198123566905,Recommended,292030,17490684,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Dark_Horse,It's rare that finishing a game leaves you feeling empty as if you've lived and lost another life.  The Witcher 3 does just that.  This is the game of this generation.
76561198047146434,Recommended,292030,17658402,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Aegon,"The Witcher 3 is the best game I have played in a long time. After 160 plus hours, I have finished the game on the hardest difficulty (Death March) and earned all the achievements. There are so many things to do, treasures to hunt, places to explore, monsters to kill, and choices to make. On top of that, you get 16 free DLCs that are worth your while. The Witcher 3 sets the bar high not just for RPGs alike but for gaming in general!10/10"
76561198156791868,Recommended,292030,17117037,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,6523,144 hrs in and I'm starting over again. Too good to miss out on other quests!
,Recommended,292030,17959041,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Tiebreaker,"Undoubtedly the best RPG so far. The game is perfect in every way, as well as in its own way.I can't possibly recommend this one enough."
76561198093329121,Recommended,292030,17198838,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,TheFoamFish,"I looked forward to this game for SO long and rightly so. I read the books and all about the characters and history. I finally got to see Dijkstra, Yennefer, and Ciri. The story is fantastic and captivated me in anticipation for many hours.The combat is meticulous and requires thought and focus. Attack too agressively and you'll get hurt. You must time your dodges, attacks, and make use of all resources available. The negative reviews are the result of poor losers who are too careless and brash to do combat as it is supposed to be.There is days of playtime in all. There are many, many quests, each with a story and diverse combat situations to keep it interesting.I highly recommend this game. CDProjekt Red really accomplished something amazing here and I'm so glad there are books to keep me in this world."
76561198078459451,Recommended,292030,17382635,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,aerenus,"Being a fan of Sapkowski`s oeuvre and, also, of The Witcher tv series, I did have my doubts about The Witcher game trilogy. It`s debatable how this game correlate with lore, created by books, but the high quality of the game is obvious. Yes,  I must say about video (graphic) and quest lags and bugs, which occur annoyingly often due world exploration, a bit of boring points of interests farm. but...Well, the  main characters save this game for me. Geralt and his friends and lovers sure know ways or how infuriate us... or make rolling on floor laughing. Still, I do advise to read a book to understand actually the work made about characters"
76561198031324041,Recommended,292030,17399101,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Mumm-Ra,"Where to begin?I actually approached this game with alot of trepidation. The Witcher 2 was a fantastic title and i assumed (wrongly) that they had peaked. After so many disappointing endings to trilogies it was with bated breath that i started on my journey with Geralt in Witcher 3.The first thing that struck me was the graphics. I had perused a few forums before launch and had heard of the 'dreaded downgrade'. CDPR released a statement saying that it was inevitable or only the top 5 percent would be able to even run it.After playing the game i can see why!Its the most demanding game ive played till now and also one of the most beautiful. From the landscapes to the detail on armor and weapons it truly is what i would call next gen. Even more surprising was the improvement from Witcher 2 in facial expressions and emotion. The pain, anger, happiness ive never seen another game convey it quite like this. From the unemotional Witcher in the first game to a tired, beaten man in the third game.I also enjoyed the soundtrack immensely, i even got irritated when the 'battle music' started in at times on horseback.My favourite location was Skellige, folk music gets me everytime.Gameplay wise its very similar to Witcher 2, however they reworked the alchemy system. Geralt can now chug potions during combat, no need to meditate and drink beforehand. Some people see this as negative i see it as positive. I know according to the lore, the Witcher 2 is better however gameplay wise it does get a bit old prepping the potions every single time and then drinking them.Furthermore the traps are gone. I was initially displeased by this but hey now we have a crossbow! Which is great for two things; shooting drowners underwater and hitting flyers ie. Griffins.We still have a large amount of bombs, oils, potions and the new decoctions(which i never used).Combat/swashbuckling aside the game really comes through with quests. And when i say quests i mean side-quests.Are you also fed up with the MMO style? I know i was sick of it ( hello Inquisition) so i was amazed to find out that ALL of them were hand crafted. What does this mean i hear you say? It means that you end up doing ALL of them which gives you much more playtime than just blazing through the main storyline. (I rushed through my first playthrough and still clocked in at 130 hours !!!)Some people have said that this title ignores your past decisions from Witcher 1 and 2 and they are right when you consider the big picture. The game changing choices you made in Witcher 2 dont really have any effect at all in the last installment. However the little things....that you did and probably forgot they DO carry over. Did you kill Aryan LaValette when Foltest attacked their castle in W2? Did you help Roche? Did the KIngslayer meet his end?There are also references to the first two games in idle conversation with minor characters, which i loved as you really felt that you had been on a long journey since the first Witcher.Besides the main quest line and side quests you also have Witcher contracts and treasure hunts. Also as usual there are mini games, Dice has been replaced by a card game called Gwent, Fist fighting makes its return and horse racing has been added to the mix.The Witcher contracts are found on notice boards and should be approached with caution. These are the 'Boss fights' of the game. I usually waited until i was the same lvl as said contract before attempting it. Then i would peruse the bestiary for strengths/weaknesses before setting off to fight these powerful creatures.The treasure hunts can vary from minor items to powerful witcher gear. The crafted witcher gear is the most powerful armor/weapons i have found in the game. A set exists for each school: Cat/Griffin/Bear/Wolf. You can also acquire swords from the Viper school early in the game.The mini games.....Well the fist fighting is moderately enjoyable and actually has its moments but the true champion is GWENT or GWINT (skellige). If your a fan of MTG: Duel of the planewalkers or such then you will be in heaven. There is even a tournament in a high class brothel. For many the Witcher 3 is just a side game to GWENT as travelling the world looking for innkeeps and merchants to trounce at cards can be pretty enjoyable.The horse racing is now far better as before patch 1.07 your horse would sometimes stop at bridges and you would lose races because of this very annoying bug. Thankfully it has been fixed so those issues are no longer of importance.If i was to say anything negative about this game it would be that it is very time consuming. Its one of ""those games"" that suck you right in and you end up sitting up all night when you really should be sleeping so you dont look like a zombie at work.So to sum up, if you think you will like this game then buy it. It will meet your expectations and then some.Edit: I finished off with 4 full playthroughs of the main game and several runs through the extended content.edit 2: If you reached this far congratulations on your perseverance and ability to read. This game is for you, its long and full of detail."
,Recommended,292030,17571564,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,tetra5,11/10.CD PROJEKT RED truly sets new standards for CRPG genre.
,Recommended,292030,17979275,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Pakman,"Spent my sweet time playing this game and it was worth every single bit. Finished all the side quests and main quests and got several mastercrafted armor kits in my inventory just left out the Gwent card tasks and gameplay and few of the unknown tasks which are question marks on your map in Skellige so will finish that sometime soon and start NG+ with Death March difficulty, game gets quite easy after a while and I've heard NG+ will make it harder so definitely looking forward to that.I never played Witcher 1 or 2 before and directly indulged myself into this amazing game and I don't regret one bit, it's a definite buy for me. Playing this game on 4K without any issues was a huge plus as well, everything maxed out but AA."
76561198004995149,Recommended,292030,18322366,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,dP | Grund,Great Game period.
76561198109458028,Recommended,292030,18332359,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,fanofprowp,"First time you play it, you'll hate it! You're weaker than all the monsters, the story is dull and you can't figure out what to do, so you give up. Then you return to it, progress a little, get to Novigrad and BOOM it gets one million times better! Trust me, buy this game it's SO worth the money!"
76561198015069283,Recommended,292030,18798055,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Rhaiah,"Disclaimer: I have not played The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt's first expansion, Hearts of Stone. The topics covered in this review are based exclusively on the game's main story and miscellaneous side material; however, I may revisit this review and update it after having experienced Hearts of Stone and the upcoming expansion, Blood and Wine.OverviewThe Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an open-world experience unlike any other. Prior to its release, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt was being referred to as the game that would kill The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. This review will not compare/contrast these two games nor declare whether or not this pre-release rumor held its ground; however, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is without a doubt the best open-world RPG since The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim.In order to avoid spoilers and keep this review simple, I have provided a pro/con list below. I have also marked items that were particularly impressive with an asterisk (*).ProsMassive open-world with new discoveries around every corner *Stunning and immersive environments/landscapes *Graphics that will put any mid- to high-end gaming rig to the test *Interesting characters and thoughtful character development *Spectacular collection of side material that is arguably more interesting than the main story *Hours upon hours of content *Intuitive controller layout (recommended over keyboard/mouse]Mostly excellent voice actingIntricate combat system that utilizes and masters elements from series like Batman and Assassin's Creed *Attentive developers who are passionate about maintaining the most well-crafted game possible *Option to import saves (The Witcher 1 --> The Witcher 2 --> The Witcher 3)Beautiful and unique soundtrackConsBugs that are more humorous than game-breakingSteep gameplay learning curve for players who have not played The Witcher 1 or The Witcher 2Main story seemed unnecessarily long and became tedious at timesConclusion (Buy It / Leave It)The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt appeared on lists of the most anticipated games of 2015. CD Projekt Red delivered a product worthy of the hype, and it will keep you engaged for hours. My experience took me through 75 hours of main quests and side content, and there is still much more to see. I would recommend playing The Witcher 1 and The Witcher 2 before playing the Witcher 3 for the background and lore, but this isnot a requirement. The Witcher 3 can be played as a standalone game. Buy it, play it, and enjoy it. You'll play through the cost of the game in no time, and then you'll still have much more to do!"
,Recommended,292030,19122139,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,PandaFraHelvete,"==MINOR SPOILERS AHEAD==To talk about The Witcher series is to talk about a vast universe with complicated politics, plots, characters and stories that it would be impossible to explain this fascinating world in detail by writing a simple review. Though complicated and hard to understand at times, if you haven’t read the books, and or played the previous two games, Wild Hunt’s efforts to clarify all the many aspects surrounding the storyline and lore are more than plenty to appreciate and get a taste of the depth and density of this world.StoryWe play as Geralt of Rivia, the famous monster-slayer, but this time we are not just in a simple quest to kill ordinary monsters or tangle ourselves in complicated and external politics that plague the kingdoms, now we face something that affects our hero in a personal way. The Wild Hunt, a group of specters that bring death and devastation to the land, is after someone dear to Geralt.Many years have passed since Ciri, Geralt’s adopted daughter, vanished, now according to some witnesses, she is back and this group of specters is after her and her unlimited powers, with many abilities, as for example being able to travel through space and time, she is a precious objective to Eredin, the king of the Wild Hunt, who won’t stop at anything to capture her and use her powers. However, not only them are part of this whole story, war ravages the northern kingdoms as Nilfgaard advances on a third invasion to conquer this land while Geralt does the impossible to not take sides and finally find one of the few, if not the only person he truly holds dear. Through many adventures, political plots, plentiful and dangerous deals and favor for favor actions and of course monsters contracts… because you know, he is still a professional monster slayer and duty calls, he starts a journey in search of Ciri.GameplayThe Witcher games have taken a couple of turns regarding gameplay and mechanics, the first game in the series introduced us to a weird fighting mechanic which was different and complicated at times, but enjoyable once mastered, while the second game implemented a third person view and a total change on the gameplay, it did maintain the complexity of potions, oils and the importance of preparing yourself before going into battle against monsters. Here, many characteristics are changed for good, for example the skill tree is much more concise, forcing you to choose wisely what you want to upgrade every time you level up depending on the style you decide to implement, you can focus on potions resistance, swordsmanship, signs and other small perks that will help you beat your enemies and take more damage or you can just create a balance among all of these skills and use the mutagens to boost them up and change abilities according to what you think you can expect on the road or by doing monsters contracts.On the other hand, the potions system has been totally revamped, compared to TW1 and 2, this is extremely simple and easier to learn. Potions, bombs, oils are created once, after that your inventory will instantly resupply by itself every time you meditate, this only changes when you find a better or superior version of said oil or potion, once you do this, the system will continue as before by resupplying itself. The only things that need to be created from time to time are some small but not less important ingredients and special alcohols for the brewing of potions.We can also find tons of swords and armors with different perks and damage levels, most of these tools can be upgraded with some runes that add some special powers to your swords and glyphs which boost up your sign intensity when placed on armors, the only different gears are the gear for witchers, these can be upgraded by special blacksmiths and armorers, definitely we have a lot of stuff to pick up and have fun with.GraphicsMany people complained after the devs decided to downgrade the graphics, obviously they were forced to do so, consolities affects all companies and graphic engines, but what you can see as a final product in TW3 is superb. TW3 delivers a beautiful world full of detail and constant weather changes, from rain and stormy clouds to never ending winds, from clear skies, to beautiful breaks of day and haunting nights and full moons. I barely found ugly muddy textures throughout my journey and that is positive.Sound, music and voice actingAmazing, remarkable, astounding, such words are the best I can find to describe the quality of these three subjects, TW3 surpasses many of the modern titles that I have played before, the voice acting is superb and shows such a passion that I can’t point out what characters’ voice is the best because all of them, even NPC’s, are outstanding on their job, from the longest of the conversations to the less important chat in a small village, they all show consideration from the developers, you can see nothing feels like a boring filler, everything is alive here, top notch acting!While the voice acting stands out by itself, the general sound effect is not less important, every little sound and effect is strictly meticulous, the breeze, the rain, the thunders and lighting, the sound of branches dancing to the wind, trees and overall the execution of the many sound effects on the TW3 is wonderful, the swords feel sharp, monsters show unique guttural noises and all sort of screeches and grunting, which help you differentiate them in case you don’t see them, thoroughly done.I still remember the chill bump on my skin the first time I engaged in combat, the soundtrack is one of a kind, first time I felt so excited to go into battle, swords in hand, every single dangerous encounter brings up a killer melody which injects you with adrenaline and the feel of wanting more blood. The band Percival does a tremendous and fascinating job as the main writers of the soundtrack, every theme starts playing at key moments. The music here makes you feel sorrow at times, hope, or it just boosts you up for wanting more adventures, exceptional!What could have been… but did not happenI can’t but feel that the developers could have done something more regarding the potion system, as stated before, on the previous titles, the potion and oil system was more tactical oriented, preparing yourself and meditating before going into battle or to kill a monster was not a simple task as you must be ready. The first complain I have is the ability to drink potions while in combat, even eating or using oils in the middle of combat seems ridiculous. It would have been great to have an option for a more tactical system, where preparing for battle is extremely necessary, where meditating doesn't immediately create potions and the use of these and oils during battle is forbidden.Another thing that I feel was not well exploited is the fact that we are in the middle of a land plagued and destroyed by all-out war, though we seem to witness not a single battle or skirmish, we can only see the consequences of the war, dead bodies, abandoned warfare machines and spoils of war, I still felt the need for this little detail that could have given us the chance to choose a side, being under attack if we encounter it or simply just being neutral and delight ourselves with the carnage, a wasted opportunity, it would have been a great add-on.ConclusionAfter enjoying the game three times and playing it for over 360 hours, after discovering new secrets and dialogue options, I have to say TW3 is a masterpiece, a true gaming gem and an example on how to create an extraordinary RPG full of consequences that not always have a happy ending. Every little quest is full of details that keep you hooked, every main mission is brilliant. With such emotional and moral options this world is cold and merciless, TW3 is a must!"
,Recommended,292030,19224278,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,storebeast,"Right up there with the other classic (and meaty) RPGs - such as Might and Magic VI, Morrowind or Dragon Age Origins - while at the same time setting a new standard for the balance between open world and narrative, thereby rendering the other approaches to the genre, as of now, obsolete. The game has many flaws and strengths, but since we are approaching 22 000 reviews already, I will only add what to my mind are the major ones:Cons: Horse-riding quests, and the obvious but regrettable fact that, as in the other iterations of the series, ""RPG"" does not include choice of character: You will be a human, male, swashbuckling alchemist with a few jedi mind tricks. I.e. ""The Witcher"". I eventually tired of this approach, set the difficulty to easy and played it like an adventure game.Pros: It has its own ""Arcomage"", Gwent, which, if I'm to determine value as a function of hours played, I'm forced to admit was worth the price alone.9/10."
,Recommended,292030,19463282,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Plumber Rick,epic
76561198055252495,Recommended,292030,20996554,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Rel99,"This game is absolutely huge, is well written, non-linear and immersive.A lot has been said about the fact that it's 'padded out', with a ton of side quests and the main questline isn't that longI think personally they integrate it well, the side quests are varied and often have their own side storiesThe combat is a big improvement from Witcher 2 and there is a lot of variation in the fighting styles of monsters particularly.The best way to play this is to go with light armor build as its more challenging in some aspects and requires a little more finesse than just button mashing.I played Skyrim to death and the biggest drawback was the repetitve combat, 75 hours in to this and the fighting feels fun without being a dull grind."
76561198088755521,Recommended,292030,18438615,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,sʜιʀᴏ,"As a big RPG's fan, I would say this game was really well done!!-Beautiful Graphic-Interesting Main Story & Side Quests-Very good musics-Gwent (card game)-Open World-Well optimized-New game +-Free DLCs-Roach- the legendary horse ^^"
,Recommended,292030,19444909,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Avith,"If this game doesn't win any Game of the Year awards, I'll seriouslly have an aneurysm and die.#dontletmedie11/10"
76561198194329698,Recommended,292030,31512946,Posted: 2 May,all,RalphBecker,"This is not a game.This is something bigger.Nearly everything in this game is magnificentAnd i am far from first to say that.All i could say in this review,was said by others.I would just say,buy it,you will not regret spending each penny on this masterpiece."
,Recommended,292030,28716232,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,svalinn. DeFuZe,Game of the Century.
76561198067177913,Recommended,292030,17569365,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,✪ Luke  大胆不敵である ✪,"BEST GAME EVER , there's nothing else to say, except this: '' Stop reading all these reviews and go buy the game''10/10"
,Recommended,292030,23045762,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,JerichoEffect,Best game I have ever played.
,Recommended,292030,16514160,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Eminence,"TL:DR: 10/10 Buy this game. This is by far the best game of 2015 and will easily stay that way.Story: 10/10The Witcher series has always had a fantastic story-line, but Wild Hunt takes the cake. It's Extremely in-depth yet fluid and simple to understand. You never find yourself doing simple fetch quests and every choice you make WILL have some effect down the line many of which will factor into your ending. When you say something to a character they don't forget. You can choose to be by their side and help them or tell them to take a hike and abandon them. Each choice you make has a lasting affect on you and the characters around you which can affect anything from the next scene to your ending of the game.Side-quests:10/10The Witcher 3 has some of the best side quests I've even seen in a game. Every Witcher contract and help quest has it's own story to it. From petty love affairs to murder in the first every single quest has meaning and a story behind it. The Witcher contracts are so much more than just go here and do this. They will send you on an adventure worthy of it's own game. You can meet and help total strangers who then often will repay you later when you least expect it or you can play as a heartless person and make enemies who might send bandits after you.Graphics:10/10This game is absolutely beautiful. Despite the graphics being downgraded from what they were originally intended to be (Console couldn't handle it I bet) The Witcher still managed to look stunning. Even these words cannot do it justice. The world seems alive and teeming with wildlife, villages, bandits, and monsters, the weather seems natural and the day-night cycle is perfect. The daytime doesn't blind you while the night doesn't plunge the game into darkness but instead reveals a whole new level of magnificence.Combat: 9.5/10The combat system is a refined version of the Witcher 2 system with the addition of a crossbow. It's simple at first but as you start to face high tier enemy you will quickly realize you must involve all features of the combat system to be successful. Monsters seem well balanced and even as you level up and get better gear you don't become overpowered. Boss-fights are hard but not so hard you sit there banging your head against the wall. They are not just the standard creature with a large heath bar either. Bosses are smarter than regular AI and will use strategy to attack you. The one gripe I have is only in the fist fighting mini-series, to find success you nearly just have to use a simple pattern. This can become annoying as it doesn't really feel like it was intended, but it's near the only way to beat upper level fist-fighters.Potions:10/10Yes, potions deserve their own category. From being slightly useful in the first game to be extremely annoying in the second the third game in the Witcher series perfected them. They're perfectly balanced and are a must have on higher difficulties. Some potions are for general combat use and others have a very specific purpose. No potion seems out of place or overpowered and they all have a use at one point or another.Mini-games: 10/10Gwent: Gwent is by far the best mini-game ever to be put into a game. It is a simple hearthstone like card game in which you pick a leader, craft your own deck with card you buy and win, then play them for coin, more cards, and rare loot. It's simple but extremely fun and never gets boring. My only complain is that their isn't enough people to play!Horse-racing: Pretty self explanatory. You have a horse and you race said horse. If you spend the coin or find a decent saddle early on they're pretty simple and easy to win, if not then you have a tiny bit if strategy involved. It's a nice addition to the game and fits perfectly with the rest of the game.Fist-fighting: Fist fights can be fun but really tedious at times. The simple way to win is just bait, dodge, hit, repeat system that you are near forced to use towards the final fights.(Champion of champions excluded. it's fantastic!) A patch could be used here so that the AI doesn't always fall for the bait and make you fight the ""intended way"" but that would make the fights a little too hard to be fun.Loot-system:10/10The looting system is a masterpiece. From monster-drops to guarded treasure to treasure hunts it's all done perfectly. You're not forced to spend hours doing treasure hunts, clearing monster nests, and finding hidden treasures deep in caves or near the edges of the world but you are highly rewarded if you do.  Perfect or casual players that just want the story and the hard-core players get the rare and amazing loot without becoming too overpowered.Characters:10/10Almost all the characters in the game have their own story that develops and changes in the course of the game based upon how you interact with them. You can become battle hardened brothers or bitter enemies without either option feeling forced or unnatural. To compliment this you also get a character journal that keeps everything in a neat little menu in-case you need a refresher or skipped through the dialog.Leveling:10/10The leveling unlock system is a point based tier system separated by type (i.e. combat, spells, signs). You can choose to focus on one path and get superb stats in one area of the game or spread out your points and be decent at everything. As you play the game you will find some trees, specifically the axii sign to be incredibly useful yet not overpowered should you decide to level it.Sound:10/10The ambient sound is stunningly lifelike and the soundtrack compliments it perfectly. You can take a stroll into the woods and hear the birds singing, the dear grazing, and the occasional wolf pack running at you to eat your face. When in combat you will find an incredible soundtrack starts to play, you near want to drop your sword and dance along as the music slowly grows then bursts into the excitement of what sounds like a tribal dance. Getting onto the characters they all are expertly voiced with lines that flow and never sound forced. Geralt, who has lost most of his emotions from the trials of the grasses can always manage to keep his cool and emotionless voice (If that's how you play him; you can also choose to become more human and show serious emotion if you so choose) while still conveying whatever was needed in a completely natural way. You'll also notice in your journey you can hear random NPC chatter and can even pick up helpful information about quests or events!Flaws and or bugs-During my adventures I have visited the far corners of the maps for loot and have found a few odd bugs I thought worth mentioning. First off sometimes you might happen upon boats that have a layer of air between the water and boat and you sometimes might find a floating bush as well.-During one of the later missions when you are chasing radovid you can encounter a soft-lock if you don't go fast enough. I was forced to load the chase again. Thankfully it auto saves there so you only lose about 1 min of your game.-In the swamp I have found pits that can get you stuck in water. You can't jump or free yourself so I was forced to load my save.-There is a regen glitch you can use in fistfights by rapidly eating food then starting a fight. If you do it fast enough you can maintain the regen buff through the chatscreens and regen rapidly during the fight without losing the buff.Overall:10/10This game is a masterpiece with very very few faults which can easily be fixed with a patch or two. I cannot praise this game enough. It is by far one of the best, if not the best, game I have ever played. If you have any concerns about buying a full price game I can assure you this game has an incredible ""bang for your buck."" I have only completed my first play-through and it took 130 hours combined with 36 main story endings you could easily get 1000+ hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,292030,22902387,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Duke690,One of the best!!!
,Recommended,292030,33495362,Posted: 12 July,all,[FL] Broccoli,"Man where do I start?This game has set the bar very high for any future game I play as it is just simply stunning. I am very proud of CD Projekt Red as they started from nothing and have made possibly one of the best games of all time.I'm going to list some pros and cons here:----PROS----- Breathtaking graphics and quite optimised too.- One of the best open worlds I've seen in any game filled to the brim with atomsphere and exploration.- One of the best story telling experiences I've seen in any game.- Some of the best quests and monsters I've ever experienced in any RPG game.- Main characters that you can get attached to easily and have very nice dialogue.- The highest difficulties are actually difficult.----CONS----- Combat system is kind of clunky and hard to get used to.- Movement system is annoying at some times (not being able to jump over obsticles in combat and protaganist dies after 2ft drops to name a few).- Some of the non-main characters faces, dialouge and scenes are repeated throughout the game.- You feel empty after completing the game :(I hope you guys feel intruiged to buy this after my review, it's worth it :)"
,Recommended,292030,34739311,Posted: 4 September,all,XBasBousa,it's just soooo good just ♥♥♥♥ing buy the game and play it
,Recommended,292030,33513258,Posted: 13 July,all,Rubber,I need to quit my job for being able to finish this game
,Recommended,292030,21250074,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Alenonimo,"This game is awesome. Looks gorgeous, plays gorgeous, and it's fun all the way."
76561197985536136,Recommended,292030,32659646,Posted: 22 June,all,Typhus,"I’ve spent 190 hours to fully complete vanilla game.Sadly all choices made in witcher 2 are nullified, game super easy even on max difficulty, skill tree is broken, crafting is useless, target lock is broken, glitchy animation, UI is horrible, tons of bugs and it’s almost unplayable without mods.But damn, this game is EPIC. Massive open world, good story, beautiful landscapes, blood, dark atmosphere, tons of mods, gore, gwent, intense violence, good optimization, ecchi, choices do matter, decapitation and dismemberment.Buy only with expansions, they are even better than base game."
76561198171324005,Recommended,292030,28587427,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,banana.hammock.xxl,"This game was so amazing, I took my one week of yearly vacation to play it for 10 hours a day. I think I got to 100 hours in less than a month.That's not meant to be impressive. I know others get way more hours in way less time on any given game.In my case though, I have very little time. I usually play video games 1 or 2 hours at a time whenever I can fit them in. When I started playing this though, the art, the scenery, the stories, the lore, the execution.. Everything was so breathtaking and artistic, that I spent a week straight playing it constantly.And at the end of the day, I didn't feel a moment of that time was wasted. This game is a work of art, and I'm glad I was able to set aside the time to truly appreciate it.I haven't enjoyed a game so much since I got ""Zelda: A Link to the Past"" as a kid. I honestly didn't even know I could anymore.In short, The Witcher 3 reminded me why I love video games. When I get time, I'll be playing the DLC's as well. My wife won't be happy, but she can bugger off. I've found a new love."
,Recommended,292030,18262621,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,TheMug,Pure gold!
76561198143473595,Recommended,292030,17429504,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Uryels,A masterpiece.
76561198130053444,Recommended,292030,21846883,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Arseface Jenkins,Better than Metal Gear Solid 5 and Fallout 4 combined !!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,292030,17478683,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,renat,"A masterpiece.  Only positive emotions from the plot, details, characters, world, gwent, graphics, side quests. Have chosen Triss, so will pass the game second time choosing Yen, and in another language, once DLC'll be arrived."
,Recommended,292030,29163092,Posted: 10 January,all,Winged Hussar,Almost two month ago tw series was on sale i bought three games together.i heard a lot of good things about series so i want to start it.Btw i was getting cancer from dota cs like games and i want try something different.and i started with first game.now today i finished my first playthrough tw3 wild hunt and what can i say?this game is really great.already became one of my favorite games.there is always trolls on forums whos saying tehy dont like tw3 but dont listen them and play this game if u wanna spend funny times.maybe they really dont like but game but its about personal choose and this game is 2015 goty so u should try at least.for example i hate skyrim after 8 hour i m not thinkin play again.but this game i will play it more and more i m sure.im bad at writing reviews so its enough.my longest review i guess :) maybe later i can edit this a better one xd
,Recommended,292030,33658118,Posted: 19 July,all,Nihilist,I never played any Witcher game of the series before and i think im gonna stop right here and buy the Witcher 1 and 2 to get into the story because i think i am missing something atm with the story in the game.The graphics are insanely beautiful and dont get me started with the soundtrack. I love it.Definetly worth those 30 bucks and have an amazing story with an amazing gameplay (i have played 4 hours and my mind is blown away already)Top game 11/10
76561198068428850,Recommended,292030,34404891,Posted: 21 August,all,The ghost of communism.,Это игра из тех которые хочется проходить снова и снова!!!----------This is a game that you want to go through again and again !!!
76561197990442093,Recommended,292030,34743091,Posted: 4 September,all,APILAS,This might well be the best game i've played so far. One of the very few games where i would recommend to get the dlc too.
76561198237556408,Recommended,292030,23929888,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Beelzebub,A must own game!!!!!
,Recommended,292030,24011061,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Ellie,"Best RPG I have ever played, 10/10 must buy."
76561198257527363,Recommended,292030,31444122,Posted: 29 April,all,Priestess of the Moon,"Witcher 3 is worth all the hype. It is a solid RPG. The gameplay is smooth and there are plenty of hours of gameplay with all of the side quests and witcher contracts that are available. Chat choices let you decide how the game will proceed and which ending you reach. Although you can't customize your character's face, you can still sutomize your clothing, weapons, and hair/beard making your character your own. Stoyline is also entertaining. All in all, a great game."
,Recommended,292030,33886819,Posted: 29 July,all,shtook,Taking a glance on hours spent playing this you can justify how good it is
,Recommended,292030,23687712,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Hala lamus,in my opinion it's the best rpg game ever made
,Recommended,292030,30809634,Posted: 29 March,all,lopaca,"Best game i ever played and i'm pretty sure the best game i will ever play, nothing can top it for me.Bought it way back when it came out on other platform and now i decided to get the GOTY edition on steamThe story is beautiful, captivating, every choice you do matters.Gameplay feels good and fun.Graphics are amazing.There are a lot of side quest and activities that will keep you playing.Do you like exploration? Well, this game doesn't push you to explore, but you will want to, every building, forest, cliff or god knows what is a mystery.If you haven't got the game yet, you have to get the GOTY edition, trust me, you will love it."
76561198055158768,Recommended,292030,31679891,Posted: 11 May,all,Gordin Remsy,If this♥♥♥♥♥♥isn't in your library you aren't a pc gamer.
,Recommended,292030,32568920,Posted: 19 June,all,Atrocitus,"After 81 hours, I didn't finish the main story yet. Game is hilarious. In every side quest, you are playing a different story and every story is awesome. Graphics are amazing, especially the colours. Optimization is good enough. Variety in quests and creatures are really big. I mean very BIG. Gwent (a card game) is another story. It takes an adventure to play. Get this game!"
,Recommended,292030,17126597,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Geras,"Want to play Batman Arkham Knight? Play Witcher 3 instead, enough said!"
76561198120237484,Recommended,292030,26540897,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Dekadent,"The idea to implement Gwent into Steam Achievements kinda sucks, but that's the only downside I could possibly find. All the other RPG's bow before this magnificent game."
,Recommended,292030,30988509,Posted: 6 April,all,Hoog,"Best single player game ive ever played, i couldnt put the mouse down."
,Recommended,292030,15987323,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,ZuuL,It's pretty good
,Recommended,292030,29956590,Posted: 15 February,all,Grim,"Witcher 3 is pretty coolWitcher 3 is one of the few games I would label “god tier” because it is actually really ♥♥♥♥ing good. I haven’t seen this level of polish and quality in a AAA game in a long time. Everything from the music to the graphics to the sword play is phenomanel, and believe the store page when it says that the game is full of “meaningful choices and impactful consequences,” but we’ll get to that later. In case you don’t plan on reading the following wall of text, just know that I would recommend this game to almost anyone even remotely interested in the genre.The StoryThe story revolves around two main characters: Ciri and Geralt. This section will be kind of spoiler-y so find the bold text to skip it. To boil the story down, it is about Geralt trying to find and save Ciri from the Wild Hunt that is chasing her because of the Elder Blood that runs through her veins. Ciri is, in the way Geralt puts it, “like a daughter to [Geralt].” He raised her at Kaer Morhen, where they train Witchers. Probably the best part of the story is the number of great characters that are part of it. Characters like an incredibly reliable, badass dwarf, cynical sorceress, and distraught Baron will not soon be forgotten. All of their dialogue is superbly written, and their voices clearly done by veterans of the trade.SKIP TO HEREI remember reading up on the description of the engine used to make this game as well as the previous title, and they put a lot of emphasis on the fact that most RPGs have to choose between an open world and linear story or closed setting and a bit more freedom with the story, their engine was to allow for the production of games that were both open world and non linear - and this game is certainly both. Although the main points of the story will remain the same (This is only one game focusing on one plot), the elements of the story change heavily based on your choices. Earlier in the game, I got in a confrontation with an old friend in the story, and ended up killing them. Late game when the chance had arisen to get them to help us with our cause, we were unable to because I killed her. They were not some random person to give out side quests, they were actual characters in the story that had backstories and meaning in the whole thing. The characters were so excellently written that you actually care when you have to drop someone or someone dies. Also, since I knew that my choices would actually end up mattering, I took a great deal of care when choosing what to say in dialogue; where as I certainly wouldn’t in a Telltale game.The GameplayIn The Witcher 3, the gameplay is mostly sword play and the different Witcher powers. The sword play is made so well that you can best enemies who outnumber your level two fold with skill, and anyone who plays RPGs could tell you that if an enemy is more than 3 levels above you, don’t even bother. To put it simply, this is not a hack n’ slash. You can parry the enemies, weave and roll around them, use your Witcher powers to throw them off, or simply beat them to the point they can’t block anymore to get through their blocks, or do all that to avoid there attacks. I found the Aard Witcher sign very useful, as it allowed me to throw anyone in front of me to be thrown off balance and open them to attack. Then there are more defensive signs like Quen which can be used to create a temporary shield around yourself and essentially make you invincible to the next attack within x amount of seconds. You can also upgrade that to throw enemies off balance when broken to use it as a sort of close-range 360 degree Aard. I also found that the way inventory and such worked in the game in quite a logical manner. To upgrade your inventory space, you have to buy a better storage pouch for your horse, which easily explains how Geralt manages to keep several swords and a whole slew of alchemist equipment along with other various wares with him. You can upgrade your horse’s stamina by upgrading its saddle, you can lay finishing blows to enemies who are lying on the ground regardless of health remaining/level, etc. As a finishing remark, I would also like to add that I only ever experienced one bug that required me to reload my save out of my 39 hours of play.Graphics and Performance(I ran this game on max settings (save for motion blur) so these comments are representative of those settings only) This game has arguably some of the best graphics out there, even though it is at time of writing approaching two years of age. From everything to the bump maps on the swords and armour, to the facial animations are beautiful. However, even though the graphics are some of the best out there, there is no doubt in my mind that water is by far the best looking water in any game I’ve played ever - it looks better than the ones in my nearby harbour. The waves don’t look scaled or tiled, the colour is a very nice blue that looks great no matter the depth, and its behaviour is not glitchy or sketchy in any way. As for the more lackluster parts of the graphics, the only thing I could think of is how snow behaves and looks, but you won’t be near snow too often. As for performance, the last game I played that looked (almost) as good as this and ran this well is Metal Gear Solid 5. I managed to run this game at absolute max settings at 1080p, Nvidia hair works and all (Except motion blur, because motion blur does not look good) with my GTX 1070 and i7-6700HQ while maintaining a solid 60 - no drops. I even got a smooth 30 at 4k, so if you have a rig even slightly more powerful than mine, you could definetely bank on strong performance in 4k. When I checked my system usage during play, I noticed that the game never really went above ~4.2gb of ram and ~3gb of vram. Considering that, you would likely only need 8gb of ram and 4-6gb vram to get top-notch performance. I would say that even if computer is low-middle end, you would be able to run this no problem.AudioAlthough a phenomenal soundtrack, I would say it still ranks below the greats like Hotline Miami and Civilization V. The audio is always with what is going on, and it is all fitting for the time period. The same pieces of music are used many times throughout the game, but I can say without a shadow of doubt that I never got tired of hearing them and don’t think I would even with many more hours. Whoever composed this game’s music is clearly a very talented individual to write a score that does not get boring and stills sounds excellent.OverallI like this game enough to spend about 1.5 hours writing a review, so it is definitely worth your dime and time."
,Recommended,292030,18765769,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Shapaza,"CD Projekt Red has really outdone themselves with The Witcher 3, which I consider by far to be the best game in the Witcher series and perhaps even the best game they've ever made. The decision to go open-world with The Witcher 3 was an ambitious decision that left me a bit skeptical at first, as many games that do so tend to pad out their worlds with generic, uninteresting fetch quests and copy-pasted dungeons— oceans with the depths of puddles, if you will. Having finished The Witcher 3 and the recent Hearts of Stone expansion, I can safely say that this is not the case, and that the switch to an open world was a massive improvement that really brought life into the setting.First off, the world is absolutely gorgeous and atmopsheric. Fantastic visual design all around. There's an organic feeling to it that I just haven't experienced in many other games. You can almost smell the wet grass and dank swamps of Velen, feel the biting wind and snow of Skellige, and take in the warmth of the sun in White Orchard. The cities in the game, particularly Novigrad, feel like honest-to-god, real cities too, not just ""video game cities"" as you might see in games like Skyrim. While a lot of the side quests consist of our protagonist, Geralt of Rivia, just doing his dayjob as a professional monster hunter, they are still set up in such ways that still make them interesting and unique. I've not come across two side quests that were the same.Where the Witcher 3 really excels though is in its story and characterization, with standout characters like The Bloody Baron, Yennefer, Ciri, Dijkstra, The Crones of Crookback Bog, and Gaunter O'Dimm (from the Hearts of Stone expansion). I particularly liked how the game took time to show Geralt and Ciri, his adopted daughter, interacting so that the audience could see how much they cared for each other, which lended the story a lot of emotional weight that I personally felt was lacking from the previous Witcher games. Geralt himself comes across as a genuinely polite, caring, and reasonable guy— which seems to be rare among the ""badassssss"" video game protagonists of the AAA gaming world— and has a really hilarious and wry sense of humor that makes him quite likeable as a character.The pacing of the game can suffer at times due to its open-world nature, but that's due more to my style of play (""Finish every single sidequest ever"") than anything. The combat is no Dark Souls, but is vastly improved from previous titles and enjoyable enough to carry the game. There's a good bit of variety to it with things like parrying, spells, potions, crossbows, and bombs, though I found that using light attacks, Quen (a shielding spell), and dodging could carry me through most fights.Overall though, The Witcher 3 is one of the best damn games I have ever played and is one of the best that the RPG genre has to offer. You owe it to yourself to play this game."
76561198083848924,Recommended,292030,18952410,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Wolfman,"I think I haven't played a similar game since Final Fantasy VII. This game is just awesome. Here some points I can tell so far:[pros]-  The skill system is great. It is easy to understand, but complex enough to give you many different options to develop your character.- The graphics are great. I play the game in full details and one of the best things are the character's mimics in cut scenes: you see 'real' emotions, like, for instance, you can really tell differences in being angry for different characters. It is not the same animation for every face. That makes each character full individualistic, it helps you to identfy with Geralt and it brings you to hate or like NPCs. It greatly helps to immerse into the world.- By the way world: The Witcher's world is a cruel, god forsaken place. You can try to play the good guy here, but you will have to find your compromises, which will make you a part of that world. But often, I have the feeling to make a difference, however, one lonely Witcher can't change the entire world. But step by step, it might become a better place. With huge compromises that will give you headaches. And almost nothing is only black and white, sometimes you cannot tell who's the good guy and who's the bad guy. That makes the world rich and interacting with the world is an intense experience.- The best thing in this game are the quests: Times are over when you have to find 10 sorts of whatever, or similar tasks you know from other RPGs. Every single side quest has its story (with emotions, mimics!), and often, sidequests contribute usefull informations to the mainquests. The story is great (so far), and I never had the feeling ""go there, do that, than come back, and then to another thing""; of course, many quests basically work like that, especially the hunting contracts to kill monsters. But for every monster, you have to do research about their weaknesses, prepare the right potions, and then kill that specific monster with a unique tactic that won't be a good idea for the next monster. The bigger quests in the storyline are greatly told, this is great entertainment! The last time I got that involved in a game's story was Final Fantasy VII.- The controlls are well-conceived; I liked the controlls in Witcher 1, and I had some problems to adjust to Witcher 2. While the controlls in Witcher 3 are more like the controlls in Witcher 2, they have been improved. In combat, the controlls are  both easy to understand and easy to apply. The best thing is that it is no click-marathon like it is in Skyrim. You have to try different tactics for different enemies, you really need your block and your evasion movements.Things I don't like in this game (and this will be a far shorter list):[cons]- There are a few bugs. For Instance, when I get off my horse and there is a little puddle, Geralt will start to swim on land. That's not always the case, but it happened a few times, and the only thing you can do then is reload. But I've never encountered quest breaking bugs or story bugs.- While it is ""open world"", sometimes, it doesn't feel that way. The game has different regions to explore, and while your mainquest develops, you will reach other regions. That breaks the thought of ""open world"" a little bit; however, you can go back to earlier regions any time. Another thing, is, and I don't know why that is: Although the Witcher's main map is 3.5 times greater than Skyrim's, it feels like the world in Skyrim would be bigger. There must be something in the different game mechanics that let me feel that way.Overall, in case you're looking for a great story driven game with plottwists behind every decision you have to make, you should get this game! I can't think of a better game lately!"
76561198086530004,Recommended,292030,19075354,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,ExTaZzy,"The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt rises above them all in my opinion. With less than half the budget and staff than Rockstar Games with GTA V, it is so much more detailed, so much bigger and so much more beautiful that you cannot compaire both games. And it has one of the best main stories I have ever experienced. There are only a handsome games that took me with them truly emotional, and The Witcher 3 counts to these ones. The breathtaking big world, it`s characters, the story and dialogue writing, all the different sidequests and activities, the greatest two DLC's ever, and the main story itself makes this one to an absolute ideal for RPGs. It is indeed not perfect, there are some problems with it, even though they are little, but not on my scale. THIS is how you end a trilogy on a high-note! Thank you CD Project Red, for this masterpiece, in every goddamn aspects! This game is my personal measuring bar for upcoming games of it`s genre, and it is again one of the best, if not the best game I have ever had the honor to play. Do you really have to think about buying this game? And was  this review not enough? Than watch this video, you poor fool!!! :Dhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H6QoEUqadW4"
76561198178291745,Recommended,292030,35057428,Posted: 18 September,all,GabeNewell,"I've got to say this is better than skyrim. Or any of the elder scrolls. Like wow..... this game has put me in the sad zone,happy zone, and the crying zone. This is the best game ever made period. And the decisions you have to make, they are tough. This is like real life."
,Recommended,292030,21185175,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,SyStM,buy this game and play it now
,Recommended,292030,16018196,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,IoN,Better than the second coming of Christ will ever be.
,Recommended,292030,15923393,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Hemmingjay,"I'm not going to waste our time here. Don't read when you could be playing this game.I didn't get sucked in to the first 2 games but this one has me actually watching cut scenes and reading every word. It's a masterpiece and I think about it when I am unable to play. Stop reading, go play it."
,Recommended,292030,28278551,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,WTWR Zydrate,"(This 'review' is more akin to a First Impressions and I do apologize for that. I also do not have either DLC. To summarize: There's a great RPG here somewhere, one that I might give proper attention to at some point but for right now other games are higher priority).I eventually found myself in possession of the entire Witcher series up to date and Iim not even really sure why. I'm fairly sure I even bought them in a strange order, starting from 2, then getting 1, and then 3. Presumably during various sales. I once spent literally six minutes on W2 until I found the ever present graphical errors that plagued my last computer some months ago. I am now free of that problem and will have to explore the first two games properly. The first is installing right now though I'm not sure how much attention I will give it considering it looks like hot garbage.At best, I feel like I'm walking into a television series a few seasons in. W3 does little to nothing as a sort of catch-up, largely giving me a codex of sorts to read up on various characters.Something similar happened to me with the Dragon Age games. I started with 2 to play a few hours, but it didn't have the pretense of recapping since you weren't playing the same character anyway. I did go to beat Origins but it was a boring and exhausting game mechanically, even if it had a ton of world building.It became quite apparent that the game didn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about my lack of previous knowledge a couple hours in. I was being interrogated by a commander of a warring country that I can't even remember, it just looks like the name of a Lovecraftian old god. He quizzed me on some of Geralt's past deeds and I was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tting my way through dialog like ""I killed that guy"" and ""I had to save this girl"". It reminded me of that conversation you have at the start of Mass Effect 2 that was designed to reverse or override some previous decisions. I'm wondering if there's a similar mechanic here, but I have no idea.Indeed, I get a big Bioware vibe here. There's plenty of world to look at, plants to pick up.The problem is, it expects me to know the name of all the countries, people, and places. I keep hearing names that sounds like they'd hold some level of import but my mind blanks out and I can't care about who lives or who dies. At the very least there's three I care about: Yennefer, Ciri, and Geralt. In basically that order, to boot.I don't enjoy the idea of playing Yet Another White Bearded Guy but Geralt did grow on me eventually. His ""I'm surrounded by nonsense"" attitude endeared me to him a little. Not so much a condescending aura or anything, just a sort of ""Great now I have to deal with this"". I can get behind that mindset.Which is why I hope to play enough of W1 to get an idea who the multitude of these characters are, their motivations, etc.Meanwhile I still have about four hours of W3 under my belt and the game is as solid as reviewers raved about. I am playing on the easiest mode (As I do) and I can't really safely say I have a handle on the combat beyond quick attacking and jump-roll-dodging in case the enemy decides its had enough of that nonsense to thwack me. I still don't even know how to heal properly beyond eating some bread and my entire alchemy menu appears to lack anything labeled a classic ""Heal Potion - Heals You"" thing. So I'm getting by on luck.The combat is like a less smooth Kingdoms of Amalur, which also had a like of combo-attacking-then-jumping gameplay. Except W3 likes to hit me regardless, as I haven't quite mastered parrying and I've already forgotten if there was an actual dodge button, because the tutorial hauls all kinds of♥♥♥♥♥and I hate it when games do that, especially in recent years. As games get more complex, they need to find more seamless ways to integrate their tutorials with all these new toys. Instead they just vomit menus at us and I can't retain all the information in one go. And the tutorials continue to lock your screen in the middle of gameplay and I just want to play the damn game.It could be improved that, once the game detects that I've been hit a few times, it should give me a subtle tooltip somewhere that says something akin to ""Press [thing] as they swing or [Space]+[Direction] to jump-dodge"" or ""Hold [Right Click] to parry"".There's also the confused mess I ran into after meeting that Emperor I mentioned earlier where it sends me to an alleged level 5+ zone and I'm still midway into 3. I'm not sure how relevant this is considering I was able to defeat some level 7 wraith at 1 just by doing the jumpdodge-happy fighting style. It's still a bit odd and I'm not sure what to expect.There's a learning curve to be sure."
76561198079145984,Recommended,292030,28589077,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,TomaZ,King Act
,Recommended,292030,15908712,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,HapaxHog,"The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a modern Action RPG, but it is NOT a grindy singleplayer MMO, as the current trend seems to be. Ten hours in and I had no intention of leaving the starting area and I only just noticed then that Geralt's facial hair grows as time passes. As opposed to other RPG's, The Witcher puts in so much effort to immerse you that it's impossible not to find yourself playing it like no other game you have played.In this game, you find a contract, you do your research and prepare for the hunt.You use Signs to weaken your foes, and attack with your sword, dodging, rolling, blocking and parrying, and if you applied a oil to your blade you may poison your enemies in the process.After the battle is over, you collect any valuable loot off the corpses of your slain quarry, call your horse and ride back into town, where you can collect your reward and maybe play a game of Gwent, a tactical yet enjoyable card game with the innkeeper.Let this game take you on a journey and you will not regret it."
76561198025907046,Recommended,292030,15933363,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,iyobo123,WOW! As deep as Skyrim...but even better than.Addictive!
76561198101566301,Recommended,292030,15993933,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,ZimZamZonZo,"9/11 ""explosive"" gameplay"
76561198142785109,Recommended,292030,16039395,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Wrath,OH MAH GOODNESS. THIS IS HOW BACON IS SUPPOSED TO BEEEE!!! nothing to say except best rpg ever. OVER 9000!!!!!!!/10
76561198150621906,Recommended,292030,19477887,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,ftaplin23,Best game I've ever played! GOTY 2015 for me :)
76561198044068397,Recommended,292030,17110874,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,.Magodark,"Simple, the best RPG of all time"
,Recommended,292030,17496899,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,PLSZ,first minut of the game I saw porn.r8 8/8 will play again.
76561198095457343,Recommended,292030,17933189,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Game_inator,"The Witcher 3... well where to start?This game is... exceptional I have never played an open world game that has told such a good story in its world without making the quests dull and boring. I bought this game because of how high the reviews are for it and how pretty it is, but I actually don’t like RPGs (Skyrim was boring to me only played with mods). However, after an hour I was starting to go well maybe this isn’t for me. Then I went to Novigrad and instantly did all quests there going from place to place to all islands with Yen as well. This game allows you to be the star, allows you to pick how the story plays out it reminds me of a telltale game.I am now going to go into SPOILERS (light ones) so you have been warned!Pros:+The Story telling is excellent brings you in and keeps it until the end with amazing cinematography.+The World of the Witcher 3 is incredibly detailed and feels lived in and a world at war.+The choices (should you go Triss? or should you go Yennefer? or should you be alone FOREVER and YOU decide how Ciri's end plays out there are 35 different endings).+The differences in realms, I know this sounds like the world but you have got to hand it to the devs each country feels unique with different voice actors making it feel different+The music in this game is very good.Cons:-Picking Triss really doesn’t do anything for the story as she is not in the second half of the game very much, Yennefer don’t get me wrong is great CDProjektRed did an excellent job with her but Triss is hardly in it making me think the devs wanted you to pick Yennefer not Triss. I know that she is in Witcher 1 and Witcher 2 but you dont need to make her a backing character she should be involved in the ending if you picked her earlier not Yennefer they need to make her feel part of the second half of the game as all she really says is 'Well?' when approached whereas all the other characters even a mage that’s in it for 2 hours gets proper dialogue options. This isn’t a massive problem i still picked her and it still changes the ending but come on 10 hours she does nothing.-Prone to crashing every few hoursThis game... i have never in all my time gaming experienced a world that feels this good and holds the story together (even in side quests which have so much rich content they should be part of the story which is where games like Skyrim fell apart). So overall i am going to give The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt...10/10i have never given that rating to any game before especially not an RPG so i am pleased to say my investment paid off. Looking forward to the DLC now :)EDIT (Second Playthrough):Still a great game and i am pleased to say that CD Projekt Red have listened to the community and as of patch 1.10 the main problem with Triss Merigold not being a good choice due to her not being in it has been resolved, now she is in it a lot more in the second half. On top of this the bugs i experienced the first time as well as the crashes have been fixed as of December 2015.If i could give it an 11/10 for the fact the devs listened and patched i would... but i cannot so it stays at10/10"
76561198088750432,Recommended,292030,17439565,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,yup,An absolute masterpeice from start to fnish.
,Recommended,292030,15932908,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Rob J,"So far i have to say the game is pretty much what i expected of it, it is simply an amazing game that should be played by everyone who loves RPGs. As of writing this review i am around 21 hours into the game and so far i would say it is an easy 9.5/10. The reason i gave it a 9.5 and not a 10 is because i have been having only one issue with the game so far, and that is that the horse animations when you are walking with the horse are stuttering every 2 seconds. I am hoping CDPR will fix this in an update, but other than that the game is near perfect. I am able to run the game at a smooth 60FPS with only rare stutters when traveling around the world and with all settings at Ultra except for Nvidia Hairworks. (Go to my profile for my PC's specifications if interested)."
,Recommended,292030,28819055,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Currut,"I have never poured so much emotion into a game ever before. There was never a dull moment in The Witcher 3 for me. The main story is spot on, and gives you countless hours of gameplay. With that being said you also have many more hours of secondary quests, and exploration. Not to mention your choices affect almost everything that happens in this game, so you can choose your own path, and get the ending of your desire. The Witcher 3 is by far the best game I have ever played. 10/10"
,Recommended,292030,24530939,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Xx_CrazyCow_xX,"I just finished the main story, and I feel so empty and sad inside. This goes to show how immersive this game is, it makes me care for the characters more than any other game, movie, book has ever done. Now I plan to buy and play the DLC to fill my empty void."
76561198113481855,Recommended,292030,23666166,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Dracula^Dragon,"Townsfolk: ""You Witchers carry two swords: ordinary steel and blade of silver for monsters.""Geralt: ""They're Both for Monsters.""This game is a legend."
76561198256346469,Recommended,292030,28332719,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Fenriz,"Best game ever, I feel guilty for buying it on a Steam sale."
,Recommended,292030,15934582,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Neko the Neko,One of the best games that i have ever played.
76561198021266871,Recommended,292030,15938487,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,ArchAnge1LT,"We got it boys. One of the best atmospheric RPGs in recent times.Playing on harder difficulties you will experience:-Ok combat-Deep story and amazing storytelling-Crafting system-Amazing graphics and music-Shock of how much can be packed into one game.You may encounter some bugs or crashes, but, hey, it's fixable and patches are on the way.Game is setting a standard how this sort of genre should be like."
76561197960427250,Recommended,292030,15923556,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,✪ Tkay,"I'm nowhere near finished with this game, I do intend to 100% it even tho there's no achievement for it.I'm not really a fan of RPG's but hell, this is by far the best  game I've ever played.. The main story is fairly straight forward and you get to know the intentions of Geralt very quickly however, the main story is not dull at all.. It takes a major leap into the awesomeness factor very quickly..Then we have side quests, they are a lot of fun! I got a Frying pan contract very early on.. Imagine if you lost your Frying pan and you have to call the cops and report it and they'd have to start an investigation.. How awesome wouldn't that be?The Landscaping is wonderful from what I've seen, Haven't been traveling a whole lot tho as I've only been in a small region of Velen but both Velen and the White Orchid  are absolutely stunning..The Combat is very intense, a single miss-step can lead to your death (Playing on Death Marsh) so can't comment on normal difficulties settings.Gwent is Aloooooot of fun when you figure out how it works, passing a round at the right time could make it or break it!Hairworks is absolutely wonderful, the fur on bears, holy crap is all I'm gonna say here..A ton of interesting characters all over the world.A weird but at the same time a good crafting system, I like it..However I've found some things I do not like...The Witcher sense becomes annoying very quickly and feel like a chore.Look some level 5 drowners, let's go and kill em... Venture 100 yards down the coast and look a Water Hag, however I can't even see the level on the damn thing.. The  Levels are so spread out across the monsters and quest which gets a bit tedious and will make you do a lot more running back and forth if you want to complete the entire game..The game freezing up, even tho I managed to fix that fairly quickly (Nvidia control panel and set to Maximum performance)Other than that..I Absolutely love the game, was hooked within 30 minutes even tho the Ghouls at the start gave me a difficult time, before I properly figured the combat it :)It's a lot of fun and I can see myself replaying this several times over the upcoming years."
,Recommended,292030,28583536,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Rifter,"Now, listen closely!Here's a little lesson in Witchery:This is going down in Witcher 3!If you wanna be Witcher number one, you've got to chase a daughter on the run!Just follow her moves and sneak around, be careful not to make a sound!(No! Don't touch that!)Witcher Number 3!Witcher Number 3!Witcher Number 3!Now look at this bomb that I just found!When I say go, be ready to throw!(Throw it at them, not me!)Now watch and learn, here's the deal!We'll use a silver sword to get the kill!(What are you doing!?)Ya da da da da da, ya da da da da da daWitcher Number 3!Ya da da da da da, ya da da da da da daWitcher Number 3!Ya da da da da da, ya da da da da da da(WITCHER NUMBER 3!)Ya da da da da da, ya da da da da da daWitcher Number 3!Witcher Number 3!Witcher Number 3!HEY HEY!"
,Recommended,292030,27105236,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cuddlecakes ❤,One of the greatest MMORPG Games yet I ever played
76561198099195133,Recommended,292030,19477385,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,aleqsie,"10/10An amazingly paced, story-driven experience that hooks you for days. The soundtrack is absolutely beautiful, side quests are plentiful, with each offering something unique. Not in many games have I ever cared so much about what happens to the characters I befriend along the way. Play it on the harder difficulties to fully recognize the combat and crafting system.Deserves it's Game of the Year status 110%.Oh, and then there is gwent..."
76561198003316075,Recommended,292030,20938336,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,VXV,"This game is a labour of love, made by Gods among men."
,Recommended,292030,28854750,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Shocked Mode,I cried when it finished.
76561198116527414,Recommended,292030,28884999,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Sigmar,"Wow! What a great achievement this game is! The graphics, both in the cutscenes and in gameplay, are really beautiful. You have a fixed character with a fixed background story (so, not the same freedom of roleplay like, say, in Skyrim), but this character is really well fleshed out, and the different layers of character development (equipment (both with looting and crafting), alchemy, signs (=spells), mutagens (=perks) and the mini-game Gwent) are really fun. The character you play moves a little clunky sometimes due to the long animation sequences, but his movements in combat are the more elegant.The most important part yet is the immersion by emotional relationships with NPCs. Not only the three female protagonists, but dozens of quest-givers and supporting characters have believable characteristics, expressed by their physical appearances, their voices, their surroundings and their dialogue texts. The voice-acting in this game is excellent and makes up for the noticeable reuse of some actors' faces for many different roles. Yes, and there are scenes with nudity - but there is more to them than, say, in Duke Nukem. They are not mere eye-candy or an attraction for pubescent boys. They always have an emotional context, and in order to romance one of the female main characters, you have to be persistent, empathic and (spoiler?) faithful, or things will not end well... The sequences where you play Geralts attractive and fierce adopted daughter are a nice touch too, and their relationship and how you develope it has a major influence on the end of the game.Finally, as a professional musician, I have to give a standing ovation for the music by Percival, whose mixture of archaic-medieval and folkloristic-Eastern-European elements contribute a lot to the atmosphere in this masterpiece of a video game (9.5/10)."
76561198074224450,Recommended,292030,30979787,Posted: 6 April,all,GRABLICH,"Witcher 3 is an action RPG game with really good story.For sure it's great game,but what If I say it's overhyped,simply doesn't deserve 10 of 10 or the title ,,masterpiece“.I will explain everything further in my review.(/NO SPOILERS/)9/10 Recommended,but before,play previous Witcher games at least Witcher 2.Walked the PathPluses[+]+Obviously it's graphics.Looks amazing,even better with 4K which is my case.+Main story can be described as ,,one epic ride“+OST(Ladies of the Woods!!!)+Consequences of your choices,various endings+GORE system and finisher executions+Voice acting(ENG)+Memorable characters+NO autoheal(skill required)+Superb looking Armors(Witcher sets)+Lots of BEASTS and I mean a LOT+Customization(turning off minimap,changing movement controls,removing healthbar or control hints)+Many good sidequests and contracts where Geralt became a tracker with his unique witcher sense ability+Minigame GWENT,I love it+Magnificent DLC'sNeutral[0]=Huge world but what's the point when the most land is empty and bland=You can meditate everywhere,great,but without any fireplace??? Why I can't set a fireplace before meditation to feel safe? Why CDProjekt?=Notes looks same,could use betterscripture,more authentic.=Cutscenes may be tedious for someone.=Skill tree,you unlocked skill but you are still unable to use it! You have to manually move it to other tree.=No big threats underwater.Diving controls...meh=Places where you might think,oh boy there is a dangerous beast,there sure must be some powerful weapon hidden in that chest,I will for sure come back later.You came back as lvl20 cleared area and you get  sword which is weaker than yours.Negatives[-]-Sadly it's Alchemy,incredibly dumped down and lame,you created potion and that's it you don't need to care about it anymore just meditate and abrakadabra it refills.Later in game,herbs became pointless.In both DLC's I didn't need harvest any of herbs.-Combat system,dont get me wrong but before almost every single swing Geralt turn around,this is so ridiculous,sometimes very frustrating.-There's absolutely NO STEALTH at all! NO stealth kills,NO stealth approach.NO crouch.Forget about stealth.-You can just walk in someone else's house and steal everything while they don't give a flying fk-Nights are way too bright,same for caves and dungeons.-You can't jump obstacles while you are in an attack mode,may cause you fail in battle.-No lock-picking,you can't lock pick doors and chests. Every chest is either open or you have key.And they call this game a masterpiece RPG,give me a break.-Pause-game inventory clearly made for consoles.Pause-game? You would say what's the problem? Ok,let's say it's storm and you just came to an old castle you looted some items and notes,scraps etc.etc. and you wanted to stay here and read it while storm has passed.You opened inventory and here's the problem the GAME STOPPED.This is literally cancer of nowadays rpg games.And I won't mention messed inventory managment.-No animation for picking loot,opening doors and chests,looting bodies,picking herbs,swallowing potions.For many it's irrevelant,for me game immersive.-Movement controls can be very irritating thats why I was forced to buy controller.Really don't recommended playing it with K/M-Economy system,easily made lots of money.Later I didn't even haggle.-Quest rewards and chest treasures are mostly worthlessHint: When at place of power hold the button down for a few seconds to gain skill point ;)"
76561197998649225,Recommended,292030,19459207,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,RobMyBot,Excellent.
,Recommended,292030,23736877,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Gribias,I don't need any other fantasy game.This is perfect.
,Recommended,292030,34015518,Posted: 4 August,all,KenaDeh,"i played the pirated copy, the game is soooo good i bought the original copy"
,Recommended,292030,34839330,Posted: 9 September,all,.Sam,"For me this is the best Single Player game, I've ever played.Storyline - 10/10Story is presented in a very nice form. In most of the dialogue you can choose what to say. We have many ways to pass the mission. We can do it quietly or killing everyone. Each mission is interesting and different than earlier. The story is for 30h game without sidequests. We also have mini games like cards (Gwent).Gameplay - 9/10Beautiful world giving many opportunities for the player. We can explore caves, forests, mountains, helping peoples and doing much more things. The map is 30 times bigger than in the previous part. Crafting and Alchemy are more important, we also can upgrade swords, armors and signs. These sandbox gives many, many opportunities. Fight feeling is pleasant. Sometimes we are blocking on a small obstacle but in comparison to other games it is not very annoying.Characters - 10/10Each character has its own charm. Characters are well matched to the storyline and to the environment. We can decide who will be our enemy and who is our friend. We also can choose the path of the main character. Character (mainly Geralt's) and monsters doing really great feeling, details are amazing.Graphics - 10/10Graphics in this game is amazing. Even the smallest details are well refined, for example when we move the grass moves with us. Graphics capabilities used in 100%. The movement of water clouds are very well refined, falling leaves, changing weather make a huge impression.Sounds - 10/10Music and ambient sounds in this game is great fits. We can listen medieval music which is selected for each moment of the game. Animals noises are natural. The monsters sounds are really threatening. Character voices are well selected and fit into personalities.Overall - 10/10If you are thinking about purchase this game, if you like open world and action RPG games, I would recommend these game for you, and I guarantee a lot of fun comes from that game. These game is masterpiece."
76561198052855321,Recommended,292030,31891184,Posted: 21 May,all,figz,"Absolutely amazing and beatiful game!only con i can think of is the the lack of different faces used on unimportant npcs, its a minor problem only.11/10"
,Recommended,292030,31699007,Posted: 12 May,all,ƝΞᑕ𐍂Iᔕ,The best RPG of all time ...10/10
,Recommended,292030,15921085,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,ngw39,BEST RPG EVER.
,Recommended,292030,34881679,Posted: 11 September,all,Sycar,"The Witcher 3 is the conclusion of Geralt of Rivia’s journey (as CD Projekt RED said). The story begins some months later the ending of the second chapter, but it’s not necessary to have played The Witcher 2, because the main questline isn’t directly linked to the previous titles, although I highly recommend to play previous chapters of the trilogy and at least read up about the characters and the events of the books. Graphically, the game is stunning: the world of The Witcher 3 is gorgeous and the details on main characters, creatures and NPCs are impressive. After two years of its release, the game is still visually wonderful. Also, the game is optimized as it should be. However the models of the NPCs are reused multiple times to populate the locations (it’s not embarrassing as Final Fantasy XV, just to clarify). The animations in dialogues are good, even for less important characters. The voice acting is great, but the secondary voice actors dubs various secondary characters. One of the main problems of The Witcher 3 is the combat system: it’s not that it works badly or it doesn’t work, but it’s too basic. There aren’t real combos and strategy in combat isn’t encouraged as it should be; and it’s a wasted opportunity because with the variety of enemies in the game (most of them are reskins of others, what a pity!) the game could have offered a lot variety in the combats. the fights will be usually solved using the Quen sign (the shield) to protect yourself or for fishing the attacks (because the enemies’ AI is very limited) of the enemy then spamming the sword attacks, then dodge and then do the same thing over and over again until the enemy is dead; sometimes you will use the crossbow to put the griffin (or the cockatrice) down on the ground or you will use the Yrden sign to slow down the wraiths (and similar creatures). You can use the other signs or unguents, potions to increase your attack or decrease the enemy’s defense, but there is no real reason to do so. Or, at least, preparing the various items could be fun but the results aren’t worth in combat. The world is very limited in the interactions with Geralt, but it’s full of contents to discover and stuff to do. Merit note for Gwent, the card game that can take away dozens of hours of your time. Another major problem is the structure and repetitiveness of both primary and secondary quests: basically you will follow a trail or a npc up to an area where you will fight a bunch of enemies or where you will talk to someone; also, the Witcher Senses mechanic becomes repetitive after the first times. The real strength of The Witcher 3 is the storytelling: every quest, even the witcher’s contracts, has an interesting story behind, some secondary quests intertwine with each other and with the main story, modifying the fate of several NPCs. The writing in this game is just marvelous and it’s easily one the best in the fantasy genre in recent years (apart from a narrative arc in Novigrad, where I think there is a big plot hole), thanks to the crazy care of the  CD Projekt RED in creating characters, dialogues and choices that make the gloomy and brutal world of The Witcher almost real.To conclude, The Witcher 3 is an enormous game with some flaws primarly in gameplay aspects, but they can be put in the background thanks to the fantastic narrative crafted by the polish guys of CD Projekt RED. Also, the DLCs are really worth the money, thanks to the amount and quality of content put in them.tl;dr: The Witcher 3 is far away from being a perfect game, but it’s a very good experience overall, mostly for its superb storytelling and writing."
76561198053291052,Recommended,292030,19044583,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,ehhhh wassup,"Alright, so, this game has become one of my favorites of all time, if not THE favorite of all time, after my first playthrough. I'm going to see how well it holds up after completing it, soon. So, let's begin the list of reasons why I love this game.1) It sticks to the key points in the story it originated from.I read the books first, before i ever played this game, and there is no describing how happy it makes me when the characters are chatting and they bring up the story of Dandilion and the Djinn from The Last Wish. I wont go any further into it because additional tidbits involve semi-spoilers, but if you read the books, the game is that much more wonderful.Conversely, you by no means have to have read the books, or even played the previous games, to understand what's going on in this one. Sure, it helps for background stuff, but you'll still understand everything going on at all times,(except maybe the unicorn)so dont let that stop you from this amazing experience.2) The story itself is wonderful, in my opinion. The level of depth and detail to each character is so amazingly well done to the point where you can get reads of their opinions from the body language during a dialog scene, and you almost always have the ability to steer the conversation how you want it to go, defuse a situation or make it worse, start a blood fued or end one, etc etc.. The voice acting, too, is quite spectacular, and characters lips and faces are some of the most expressive I've seen to date.There is one part in the story, for instance, where you listen a lady sing (she's part of a performing group) and it is hands down the best singing I've heard from a video game ever. As someone who went to an internationally acclaimed school of music for his voice, it was a fantastic experience.Shortly after that, someone is greviously injured, and the person who loves them looks at you and says ""Geralt, find them. Find whoever did this... and kill them."" with such emotion that I wanted to shed a tear in sympathy and was furious as hell at the same time.This is also the only game that I've enjoyed or gotten a great benefit out of 99% of the side quests in it, instead of doing them for the xp or something.For instance,I felt good after I helped an old lady find her best frying pan.I took the moral high ground and didnt take money after bringing someone the news that their loved on was dead, and got a reputation as a decent person, instead of a vile witcher, in that area.Abandoned villages can be repopulated, meaning more blacksmiths, armorers, herbalists, etc.3) The actual gameplay, combat and movement and such, is very well done. On the two easiest difficulties, you can be pretty confident, maybe a bit more care is needed once you get to big boss type stuff. But as soon as you go higher in difficulty, you feel very mortal in a very dangerous world.Each monster belongs to a class of some sort (ie necrophage, hybrid, spirit, etc) and each has a general weakness, like oils, but every single monster has a different attack pattern and/or ability, and usually a spell weakness that can be exploited. No cookie cutter formula here. You have to be able to anticipate the attack, dodge or roll out of the way the right way, and then know how much time you have to hit it before it strikes again. Feels like the glorious offspring of skyrim's open world and dark souls-esque combat, for a good reference point.The world you fight these monsters in is, in a word, GORGEOUS. Each continent feels distinctly different, each area has it's own clothing style and accent, and every single bit of scenery is vivid and wonderful.As an aside, the clothing and armor in this game is a world apart from anything else I've seen. As you journey, you can unlock different sets of ""Witcher Gear"" which grow more powerful as you upgrade them, AS WELL AS change their appearance. For instance, I played with the Cat School gear, and it starts out as a short sleeve shirt with a hard vest, then a light longsleeve with padding, then chainmail on the sleeves, etc etc. Really gives you the feeling that your armor is evolving with your character, and you're improving it and refining it as you grow more accustomed to it. And it stand out as clothes instead of a body suit, unlike most every other game I can think of.There are some times that hitboxes and models can be a bit buggy (geralt can jump/float up a slant sometimes), and the occasional body bounces a bit further than it probably should, but it is honestly more funny than annoying, as it happens so rarely.So, in conclusion, the story is 10/10, the gameplay is 9.9 out of 10, the world design and depth is 10/10, and the only regret I have after playing it through is I'll never get to experience playing it for the first time again. Such a wonderful journey.also, dont forget to check out the (at this time) like 14 free dlc things that are all great."
,Recommended,292030,15918549,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Liechtenstein Virus,"From what I've seen so far The Witcher 3 is beautifully designed, has a lot of character and also an incredible atmosphere.The story is well told and interesting as well as the countless sidequests you can accomplish.With all of this put together with the chilling soundtrack the game offers a huge, beautiful and also dangerous world to explore.Unquestionably worth the money!"
,Recommended,292030,16242592,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,iluvOP,"Bretty gud dating sim. Needs more routes though, I wanted to ""fence"" with those two twins goddamnit.Not many animes, but its pretty animes.Also quite easily one of the best RPG's ever made, easily the best open world RPG out there."
,Recommended,292030,18538262,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,$$,"""That's a bear! Run you stupid f*ck!""""Want to hear a Limerick? Lambert, Lambert you're a prick""The Witcher 3is an absolute masterpiece !The amazing attention to detail, atmosphere, voice acting, cinematics, battle etc., the brilliant and at some points funny storyline with it's cracking sidequests, just awesome !To finish the storyline and all the sidequests you may need 100h or more, the time it takes to beat the game is higher than in most of the games out there and you should definitely get this game, even if you're not a fan of RPG's."
,Recommended,292030,19280935,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Shin B. Omnis,"An incredibly large open world RPG which draws you in and doesn't let go. An RPG which gives flavor and depth to all of its quests with brilliant writing and characters that are actually human. The world itself is incredibly gorgeous and detailed, from the trees to the swamps to the cities. The combat system is as deep or shallow as you want it to be, and you have the option of wanting to play the game as a master swordsman, a powerful mage, a cautious alchemist, or any combination of the three. Geralt of Rivia is a far better fleshed out protagonist than most RPG heroes, with his own backstory, unique skills and abilities, and philosophy, certainly no audience stand in here. I've beaten this game once already and can't wait til I have the time to enjoy it properly a second time around. This isn't just my vote for Game of the Year of 2015, but it is also possibly my favorite game I have ever played."
,Recommended,292030,19291724,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Xenophage,"I embarked on an epic Witcher marathon a few months back, determined to play through all three games in a row.  The first WItcher game was excellent.  The 2nd Witcher game was one of the best RPG's I'd ever played.  The Witcher 3 might be the best game I've ever played, period.  Simply amazing."
,Recommended,292030,16036445,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Hellebore,"This game is a masterpiece. one of the biggest and best RPG ever made.if you are a RPG fan buy this game now!. This game is like a drug, you want more and more.- Huge world- Breathtaking story ""important choices with consequences that change the story line and the whole game- Amazing side quests ""no more stupid fetch/MMO like quests in witcher 3 every side quest have their own uniqe story even the witcher contracts""- Rewarding exploration- Well polished game, no bug/glitch- Boobs- Gwent, ""card game should be its own standalone game,we want it now CDPR!""- Epic soundtrack ""hehe hehe hehehe heheheh hehe!!!""- Smooth gameplay even challenging on dead march difficulty.perks and muntagen system make you think about your strategy before start a fight.Haven't seen family for days, please tell them I'm ok."
,Recommended,292030,28357995,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,🌸shawty🌸,massive erection lol
,Recommended,292030,16354094,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Rainbow Time,"Haven't enjoyed a game like this ever since I first started playing skyrim.  Amazing graphics, glorious music, interesting characters, great plot...And there are piergogi in this game 11/10 best game ever."
,Recommended,292030,16435868,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,HACK THE GIBSON,"This game is nothing short of fantastic.The world, characters, and dialogue create a truly immersive experience. Nearly all quests feel unique, as if each one is telling a different story. And yet, so many of the quests manage to connect and influence the overall narrative. I spent over 100 hours in my first playthrough, and immediately began another so I could see what happens when different decisions are made.For the amount of content, the number of bugs in this game is surprisingly low, and I've yet to encounter one that is critical in nature (i.e. preventing me from proceeding with the story).My only gripe with this game is that the skill tree felt very underwhelming. I felt locked into a small subset of all of the skills available to me, and at times didn't even bother spending my skill points since you cannot use all of the skills you learn simultaneously anyway. There are significant portions of the skill tree that I never explored with my first playthrough - and I don't really feel encouraged to in my next playthrough either.Fortunately, the skills are but a fraction of the content available in this game, and with all things considered, don't detract from the gameplay experience.If you're looking for a game with a sense of humor, detailed characters, mountains of content, and an immersive story, then you cannot go wrong with this game."
,Recommended,292030,16695170,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,MacMillan,I thought it is impossible to beat GTA V... turns out it is. This thing is THE best game i have ever played and i can't have enough of it(too bad i don't have much time). Started replaying as soon as finished it first time and it's still not even close to be boring. Also i feel like i really need to point out that CD project red's support team is awesome...i mean they work really fast and it's a pleasure to talk to them. And if rating is needed...10/10 Cersei's boobs at the end of season 5.
,Recommended,292030,28764564,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Heaven Eyes,"-riding on my horse-pack of wolves start chasing me-runs through small village to lose them-wolves start attacking villagers-damn-have to save villagers-kills wolves, saves village-checks if kid who got attacked is ok-kid tells me to ♥♥♥♥ off14/10"
,Recommended,292030,16064904,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Jackagate,"Witcher 3 is a game by CD Projekt Red in which you play as Geralt of Rivia, a legendary Witcher who goes around slaying monsters and helping the townsfolk. But life isn't that easy as you soon find out you need to track down your adopted daughter (kind of) Ciri. The first thing you'll notice, as a Witcher fan or not, that this game is teeming, oozing even, with lore and backstory, characters that you'll only meet once have depth and personalities, and the story includes you very deeply, you feel like a protaginist, a driving force in what happens in the world around you, and most importantly, the choices you make actually matter. (Unlike a certain other 4 dialouge choiced RPG to come out this year).The world feels alive, even in it's most barren states, theres a war going on between Nilfgaard and the Northern Realms, and you can see it, you ride past scourched earth, burnt forests filled with bodies, and Ghouls ripping apart the remains. The world feels alive, even when there are no NPC's in sight. Quests aren't 2D (Unlikeanother4dialougechoicedRPGtocomeoutthisyear cough cough cough), each location you come across, whether it be abandoned, big or small, a small peasent town or a decrepit castle, they all have a story, maybe a unique item or two, and sometimes even quests, which I can assure you, are never dull. No fetch quests, they might masquerade themselves as fetch quests at first, but then you find yourself thrust into a conflict between peasents, killing monsters, or removing curses.Which brings me to the combat. It's great. Just great. It feels weighty, I always feel in control, the AI doesnt suck (See the first two parenthesis), and each monster has their own strengths, weaknesses, speed, and attack patterns, they all dont just run into your swords (although some of the lesser creatures might, they're a bit daft on purpose), each monster has cunning, a few tricks up its sleeve. This game looks good, and I don't even mean graphically, which if we are going to talk about graphics, its one of the best looking games of this year, the only game I'd say ties with it (or even beats it if you like the style of it better) is Just Cause 3. No, but this game looks good from a style perspective, it just... Fits. The lighting, the Character designs, even the armors and clothes just look special.Each character looks hand made, both from their personality and writing, to what they're wearing, especially all the armor and weapons Geralt can find. And finally, choices actually matter, don't expect to find any vague 4 choice dialouge wheels here *wink*. Huge choices have obvious effects (Obviously) But characters will go as far as to bring up what you've said to them earlier, its just the little details. Like when a cerrain I-Wont-Spoil-It-Someone gets tied to a rock to die, you can find them. And when you kill a certain beast in the Skellige Isles, instead of NPCs spitting at you as they pass, and shooing their children inside when you ride into town, they welcome you as a hero. And thats my conclusion, Witcher 3 is the first game I've played thats felt truely alive, like an actual world where when things happen, people react, small choices have consequence, and our protaginist truely feels important.Unlike Fallout ♥♥♥♥ing 4"
,Recommended,292030,24277014,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Spartan,"Finishing this game gave me withdrawal symptoms, as well as forcing me to play it more than once to get my desired outcome"
76561198020423558,Recommended,292030,24139598,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Cthulhu,"The Witcher 3 is a final journey in the game series based on A. Sapkowski's books. You don't have to read them before playing to fully enjoy it, as the game has its own encyclopedia of people, monsters and other things. The in-game books also tell you a lot about the lore. You don't have to play the previous games either. Although their events take place before Wild Hunt, the game tells you enough info about them to put things together. Of course if you want to have the best experience possible, you should play them as well, because the choices you make carry over and people will react according to them.The choices and actions you make are one of the reasons what makes this game so great. Help one person do a certain thing and you'll get a whole kind of different situations afterwards, even when it's gonna end bad and you didn't realise it could be that way. After each action people might act differently towards you, too.The main story quests have some of the most memorable moments I've ever experienced in a video game and will have you glued to your PC. The same goes for the side quests. As they are practically everywhere, you'll spend most of the time doing them. They're not the typical boring side quests, all of them are diverse and have their own unique stories to tell and that's what makes them so wonderful and very enjoyable. Either doing the witcher contracts on monsters or helping out an old woman clearing out her kitchen. All quests can be found on notice boards in towns or when exploring.The world you'll get to explore is huge. You'll encounter different kinds of stuff everywhere. In the forests, bogs, swamps, beautiful fields, meadows, hills, rocky mountains, rivers, the open sea and the surrounding isles, or outskirts. The cities and towns are lively, especially the majestic city of Novigrad, where you'll spend a really lot of time.The graphics are breathtaking, the soundtrack is fascinating and suits the places where you are or the situations you'll find yourself in. The controls aren't hard to get used to and the same goes for combat. It can be tricky in the beginning because you can't fight all enemies the same way. You'll have to adapt depending on who or what you're fighting, which is a good thing though.The game's expansion pack is another thing worth mentioning because it adds new locations but most importantly, more stories! The story telling is fantastic, maybe even better than in the original game :)Another thing worth mentioning is Gwent, the game's addicting card game. Once you'll understand how to play, you'll spend hours gambling with other people to win their cards which you can add to your deck to make it stronger. And of course there are Gwent side quests, too.The game offers a lot of fun for hundreds of hours, the characters are unforgettable, there are moments where you'll laugh, other will be thrilling. And in most you'll have just some casual fun, but it's damn worth it and you won't forget any of it.Definitely recommended, because for me it's the best game I've ever played!"
76561197997653625,Recommended,292030,15900254,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Rodent,"My profile:- I have never played witcher prior to witcher 3- I have played over 600 hours of Skyrim [widely acknowledged as the previous King of Open-world rpgs]- I play on the PC [duh...] but use an xbox 360 controllerThoughts:+ Girls are hot... and naked...+ Epic graphics... Think heavily modded Skyrim graphics x 10+ Epic combat system... with dodge, block, spell, xbow, melee combat system alongside chopping heads off while horse riding+ Epic attention to details... drunkards really behave and sound like drunkards and the strands of hair flowing in the breeze+ Epic soundtrack... whats there to say? Just listen.+ Girls are hot... and naked...+ Epic map size... this open world game is massive with loads to see and do.+ Epic mini games... if you think mini games within an rpg are boring, think again.+ Girls are still hot... and still naked...- Took quite a while getting used to moving around and getting over obstacles- Took quite a while getting used to the combat system as well. Dodging is rather important.Above can be ignored if you are more adapt to the witcher controls than I am, otherwise, for a beginner, I feel that the learning curve is slightly steep."
76561198037253037,Recommended,292030,33789224,Posted: 25 July,all,DocGangrena,"What's Lionel Messi among football players - that's Witcher 3 among videogames . Simply the best !!! - there are some pretenders who try to claim that title , but fact is fact ...If i remember right,both Witcher 3 and Fallout 4 were relased back in 2015 . CD Projekt Red KO'd Bethesda like Cro Cop,Fedor,Minotauro did their opponents back during their prime time ....This might be best game i ever played,but still,i feel like Skyrim is my ''favourite'' of all time . I hope Bethesda learned lessons from this,and they will try to gain inspiration for Elder Scrolls VI to be better than Witcher 3 ."
,Recommended,292030,15936811,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,paskiainen,Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaand... my sword broke.
,Recommended,292030,17063879,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Davian Thule,"Phenomenal! Beautiful/huge multi-region open world, with incredible concern to details, mature/excellent gameplay and  storyline, pleasant music, really a lot of content. The grand finale of The Witcher stories and one of the best games i've ever played! Definitely game of the year of 2015."
,Recommended,292030,24736521,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,=TBM= Nestor,"I didn't regret the 25€ i paid for the base game during a steam sale.Pros:-Good price.-Alot of content.-Interesting Story.-Good achievements.-AMAZING(!!!!) graphics.-Great Soundtrack!!!! (One of the best. Among with PAYDAY 2, Killing Floor 2, Hotline Miami 1,2 etc.)-Well made characters.-Replayability. (Mostly if you really into the game.)-DLC's that actually have story in it.-Good support from the Dev team.-DRM Free.-Mods. (See Nexus)-Good Stress Test for gpu overclocking.-Difficulties that are actually chalenging. :D (Rare i see it lately. | Many players also have claimed that the ""Higher"" can be compared with Dark Souls series.)Cons:-A few bugs and glitches.-Combat is annoying on the begining of the game. (You get better as you level up and learn the basics.)-A tad long Cut-Scenes.I can easily forget the cons and give thisMASTERPIECE(!!)a10/10!EDIT: Badge Update"
,Recommended,292030,16375839,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,lasfrom,Wait this was a rpg game....? Been playing gwent only ._.
,Recommended,292030,30016651,Posted: 18 February,all,PowerFulBR,"This game is amazing. Great story, graphics, music and sounds. You gotta make real choices that impact the ending. Gameplay is fluid, smooth and solid with great animations. Speech and facial animation feel natural.Fabulous engine, short loading times and no loading between interiors and exteriors.Although witchers have no emotions, this game will give plenty to you with its awesome story.Very few bugs, nothing game breaking, all of them fixable by reloading the game. It's more an annoyance than a problem.I can't point a flaw in this game, and this is really, really uncommon nowadays, unfortunately.All in all, highly recommend this game, even if you never played the series, like me.Go for it!"
,Recommended,292030,25674380,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,acenda,Simply amazing :)
,Recommended,292030,16253485,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Source_16,"Pros :1- Great Story .2- Great Combat , Think Assasin's Creed Games combat with no Counter to win and more tactics  . like what to use on which enemy .3- Great Open World to explore with so much to do and see  .4- deep RPG elements .5- Best Graphics in an open world game Ive seen yet .Cons :1- need to play the other games to get the full picutre , since some choices from older games counts here .2- cant think of any ."
76561198154482857,Recommended,292030,16910600,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,mitcHELLspawn,"Alright, first thing first... I am 138 hours in and no, I still have not beaten the game yet. In fact, I am not even into the third act of the game yet. Which...is just crazy. Not only that, my secondary quests, witcher contracts and treasure hunts are still overflowing with things to do. I cant believe just how huge this game really is.This is the first open world game I have ever played in my life where I hate fast travel. I dont even like running places. I am fully content (sometimes) just walking from place to place, taking in the sights and sounds of this absolutely beautiful world.I am going to state right off the bat, that I am biased towards this franchise. Before I even turned the game on for the first time, I knew I loved it. I have been an absolute huge fan of the witcher series for quite a few years now. I think the books are incredible, and I loved the first 2 games. Its a fantasy universe like no other in my opinion.Just for anyone interested, you can get the first 4 or possibly 5 books on audiobook now, and the narrator Peter Kenney does an absolute outstanding job with it. He has voices for every different character, and I might even prefer his voice for Geralt over the games version...Anyway back to the review!Each new witcher game has improved on so many things from the previous game. I believe they completely nailed the combat this time around. When playing on the hardest difficulty you are forced to use most if not all of the things at your disposal to take down your enemies, which I just love. Its great to see the witcher signs having such a necessary role in this game compared to the others. I also very much enjoy that the leveling isnt extremely fast in this game.  You dont get too overpowered too quickly.I cant get over the huge number of armors and swords they added to this game. One of my favorite things to do so far in this game has been to go on the hunt for the schematics for the different witcher school armors and swords. I think these are the best looking armors in the game, and its so cool to see them change as you upgrade them.The way they made the quests seem so diverse and actually make you care about what youre doing is so genius. Not many developers have been able to pull this off. I hang on to every word each time I am in a conversation with someone.The world... wow. What can I say about this world? It is just... amazing. So diverse, so beautiful, so unforgiving. By the time I left Novigrad I was just absolutely blown away.. I couldnt believe what an incredible world they built...... and then I landed in Skellige.. which to me ended up being the most beautiful part of the entire game. I love the islands and how even all the culture completely changes around you. Its like you really are in a different part of the world and they make you feel it.I could keep going on and on... but I think you get the point. If you are a fan of open world rpgs, this is a must own. hands down. It is officially my favorite rpg Ive ever played... and thats saying a lot because rpgs are my favorite genre."
,Recommended,292030,15974019,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Amadis,"Very graphics, much RPG, many quest"
,Recommended,292030,25273014,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,adityadragoniyer,"In short, ruined my life.Masterpiece."
76561198110759482,Recommended,292030,15925047,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,✠Prince Bugi彡Beowulf彡,"Frist I'm big fan of TW franchise loved The Witcher 2  especially.Frist hours of The Witcher® 3: Wild Hunt where not very impressive but after few hours playing the game, I got addicted because all Witcher's elements from past game are still present significantly improved gameplay and specially graphics.Problem is that weaker pc configurations will have problems with this game (braking, slowing down animations........)General rating 1-10is8It has great opportunity to become the best game of the year 2015.60 euros are well spent.Also if you have weed this game is so much better to play when high."
,Recommended,292030,20275021,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Ropeburn,"It's like Skyrim, but actually good."
76561198072021540,Recommended,292030,15970590,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Borak Abamo,just saw some bunnies f*king - 11/10
,Recommended,292030,16073849,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Poroner,"CDPR really outdid themselves. Creating one of the best games I have ever played.Astonishing graphics, an open world to explore FULL of content, a huge variety of enemies and a lot of different ways to deal with them. Tactical / dynamic combat and a freaking collectible card game inside the actual game.I've had what? 75 hours with the game in total so far and I feel like I have so much more to explore.A huge variety of characters, none that feel out of place, very well written and you are interested in everything that they have to say.A lot of moral decision and it is not often clear wether it is the evil or good path.With so much attention to detail, meaningful choices and save import. This adventure is well worth going through.The world is indeed OPEN WORLD and whoever says otherwise is a bloody moron. The only loading screens you ever get are for big cutscenes, fast traveling and switching continents. There are no loading screens for going into houses, caves and that sort of thing.I could not recommend this game more. Buy it, buy it RIGHT NOW."
76561198011828283,Recommended,292030,15903166,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Miranda,The end the white wolf saga deserved
,Recommended,292030,16919996,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Soluna^,"Easily one of my top three games of all time. The story is amazingly immersive, the world actually feels alive, the quests are mixed and the alternatives (Gwent, etc) provide so much to an already great game.I feel like the fact that the graphics are the best in any PC game to date only reinforces how amazing this game is. It would still be near perfect with graphics ten years out of date.I played for 11 hours straight...This game is good."
,Recommended,292030,30152532,Posted: 24 February,all,Sinterklaas,"Looks great, plays great, immersion and story are great (especially on the main quest)Overall the game is a lot of fun, but unfortunately there are still game breaking bugs which make it unable to finish the game (which very rarely occur, but unfortunately did for me).Still had a great time playing until that point in a way I'll never be able to get in any other game at this point in time."
,Recommended,292030,22262744,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,SchismE,"This has to be one of the best game, nay, THE best game I've ever played. This game has ruined all other games for me because it is just SO GOOD at nearly everything that it does. The storytelling is fantastic, the gameplay is spot on, the mini game(s) are golden! This game is the gold standard to which other games should aspire. I can not think of a single complaint for this game in my 60ish hours of game play so far. If you die, it's probably because you did something wrong, but the game isn't really punishing for those mistakes. The gameplay is both easy enough to learn and challenging enough to feel good about defeating a difficult encounter. Do yourself a favor and buy this game. Do us all a favor, and rate this game so that other developers see that this is the quality that all AAA titles should be striving for."
,Recommended,292030,28694697,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,yogurt break,"It has almost everything I liked in the first game and ton of everything more! CDPR did a very good job with the game, I could tell after the first half hour gameplay."
76561198015260080,Recommended,292030,25047016,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Scoop23,The Game Is Flawless and Pure FIREEEE! Enough Said....Why havn't you bought it yet
,Recommended,292030,20161371,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Fabe,Literally the best game on the universe. 89/88 would pay 200$ for it
,Recommended,292030,23664928,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,HelloKitty420,"Probably my favorite game of all time. Deep engrossing story, pretty good combat, interesting systems, extremely well-built world. Both of the DLC expansions are also 10/10."
76561198026368213,Recommended,292030,26611576,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,dandadoom,The best game I have ever played and probably will ever play.Team Triss all the way.
76561198084910514,Recommended,292030,20420905,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Br0nzeclaw,"Amazing game, great voice acting, amazing detail in enviroment, the combat is brutally good (on the harder difficulties), the story is a masterpiece. Defenitely worth 60 euro's, if you are unsure, I'd grab it at a sale. 10/10 deserved the 2015 GotY award."
76561198080487098,Recommended,292030,29107202,Posted: 7 January,all,Damian Todd,Great game best RPG I have played good graphics great story line loved it!
,Recommended,292030,27098353,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,EverydayApocalypse,"Truely my all time favourite game, so much replayability (seriously google replayability and google completes the sentence with Witcher 3). For anyone who likes an enthralling story, an amazing world and wonderful character development I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,292030,18636667,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Toft,"In my opinion Final Fantasy 7 and Chrono Trigger were the last two RPGs of their kind. I never thought there would be another game designed as well, played as well, or had as much heart put into it as those two games. This game proves me wrong. The witcher 3 is such a masterpiece that no other game is going to match it at least for an extremely long time. Final Fantasy 7 is and always will be my favorite game of all time; however, The Witcher 3 is such a masterpiece it's impossible not to say that it's not one of the best games of all time. When a game is comparable to two of the greatest games ever to be created (Final Fantasy 7 and Chrono Trigger) that is when you know you have a legendary game on your hands. There have been masterpieces before but none have been released in the last roughly ten years. The Witcher 3 really is without a doubt one of the absolute greatest games ever to be made.Side note: CD Projekt Red treats their customers right. They clearly care more about making an amazing game and believe that through hard work and effort in doing so they will be rewarded with profit unlike certain companies such as EA or Activision. They constantly patch and update the game, give out free DLC, and overall create a good experience for the customer. I will buy every game they make from now on."
,Recommended,292030,17556058,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Guts,"There is so much to describe that I'm speechless this game was great, from the atmosphere to the soundtrack, to the combat, dialogue (although it had some awkward moments).Cd Projekt Red created a masterpiece that games should follow as an example either by business or by hardwork, they gave us fast updates, free DLC, no day one ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t for pre-ordering what so ever, and they are planning on the expansion pass to give us 30 hours of it without the DLC that money hungry companies want to give us, they give us a real DLC when the damn game is out not like EA or Ubisoft or Activision, WB and so on do that the DLC is already incorporated but you have to pay an extra to get right to what you have in the first place.I don't know if this is because they are just being born but I guess since they are the publisher and the developer I'm hoping that a good future comes out of it, if not here it is a review that didn't preview the future, but I can guarantee that if they still keep this atittude and their great games I will be wanting those games in the future.So yeah I praised a lot about CD Projekt Red because this was a triple AAA title that got a lot of advertisement but I think mentioning this is a must since it teached the big corporations on how it's done.I don't have many  complains about this game, I must say the movement in this game is really the worst part but maybe with a controller it can get better (I'm guessing so), in this game you can see the clear effort that was put into this, even when they don't make such an impact (I had such examples as some dialogue scenes but don't let this fool you they have some good voice actors) you can see that they tried and you say yeah at least they tried.Another thing it has bothered me was the lack of more interaction with Emhyr since it's Charles Dance voicing but maybe that's the reason, another thing that kinda ruined the atmosphere was a lot of bugs that happened during the game I remember one when I got teleported to the air when I was on my boat but they are still fixing things with each patch and this are some minor complains.I've played all of the games in the series (also read last wish book should have read more) and I highly recommend all of them please don't be dumb not to do that you will loose a lot of it although they explain the major parts of it the atmosphere I can guarantee that you will not catch it with one game, also you can see how they thrived to get the best game in the ending, from weird♥♥♥♥♥combat frustrating (witcher 1), to almost flawless combat (witcher 3), to even better dialogue and better motion capture I gotta say though that I missed that part about witcher 1 of using strong/fast attacks for different type of enemies but I guess you have oils in this game for that.The quests the god damn quests and I'm not talking about the main quests but the secondary quests/contracts and treasure hunts in this game make you feel like you are not doing ♥♥♥♥♥ work you get involved in them they mostly are different although contracts I must say that they get basically like this: Witcher sense, examine tracks, follow and kill the monster but in the end that's what a witcher would do right? But even being kinda repetitive they get you from the place where monsters trashed that house or whatever it's not like it's just a cow or someone has been murdered, and there is a lot of variety to it but I have to say something about the game right? It's not perfect but it's nearly there, even the treasure hunts you can get there just by passing them or you buy the maps for where they are or you get from someone, and whatnot.I don't know how to finish this review I can only wish I could end it as such an high note as they did this game got me 180 hours into it (still no expansion pass at this time) from getting every damn point of interest and that for me is more than worth is money, from keeping me interest and just not being me trying to accomplish the 100% on this points of interest while being bored the game keeps trying every time to get you interested although I gotta say that in skellige on the water there is a lot of lack to do there compared to what appears on land.I said a lot of minor complaints about the game but that's what they just are MINOR the rest of it it's just so amazing that it's too much to say and I've already say a lot.Buy this game see how a Developer that cares about their customer works, see what kind of game it's possible with some good principles you will not be disappointed, even when subreddits for example pcmasterrace get their doubts and still are not satisfied due to their downgrade, although cd projekt red said that it had to be done, I prefer much more to have a steady framerate than to have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ one like Arkham Knight, and this game it's one of the best looking games out there I've took so many screenshots for looking so good AND that's saying from someone that already takes too many screenshots.GG CD PROJEKT RED"
76561198009720218,Recommended,292030,17697308,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Flimflamification,"The best RPG i've played. Challenging yet fun combat, a varied epic world that's had alot of attention to detail and a story that really makes you feel it. A bit rough around the edges with some funny glitches but nothing major to break the immersion. CD Projekt Red nailed it and delivered a ♥♥♥♥ing epic experience. 10/10."
,Recommended,292030,20480258,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Windy*City*GaMinG,"B-U-Y....T-H-I-S...G-A-M-E. I love this series & am hoping this is really not the finale', one CAN dream, right!?... 9.5/10No serious need for a breakdown review here, most of us ARE familiar by now with Geralt the Witcher and the series in general. The Witcher delivers on all the hallmarks of what makes an awesome RPG and then some. Story-check, Graphics/visuals-check, Inventory system-check, potions, weapons, locations, characters,-check check check!!!!The ONLY debate I hear about this game series is which one is better than the other, but let me tell you(if you dont already know), they all are, no really, each in its own way adds another spin or aspect to the series. There are legitimate arguments that part one IS better, but now I'd say no ONE is better than the others. Put it this way, my opinion can be that the most memorable part for me was the first one, well yeah, it was also my introduction to the series and first that I played. Perhaps if I had tried this one FIRST it would be my most memorable, haha, this is why I consider them all equally great.^-^Fun fact, over 80 hours in-game, and I'm just now considering that boat ride to Skellige..(This is obviously not yet a full game review for Witcher3)"
76561198093911712,Recommended,292030,20267103,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Solmyr,"Definetly game of 2015. Open world RPG with great visuals, great soundtrack, great combat and great story. And♥♥♥♥♥♥Also, get Hearts of Stone dlc, it's amazing."
76561198080902539,Recommended,292030,17243001,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,"No, now it ends",Everything you wanted and more. 9.7/10
,Recommended,292030,16101008,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Gunny,"**Disclaimer: I've been a very big fan of The Witcher games since I played TW1 back in 2012. This review may have a bit of bias towards the game and it's creators**Having put almost 40 hours into the game now, I feel I can make a review about the game. The Witcher 3 is the third and final chapter in The Witcher saga and it delivers. Picking up about 6 months after the events of The Witcher 2, the kingdoms of the North are in chaos as Nilfgaard's invasion shows no signs of stopping. You play as Geralt of Rivia. A human who had undergone severe magic rituals and mutations to become the perfect killer. As a Monster Hunter you're biggest enemies will be the monsters of this land. Giant insects, elementals, vampires, etc will be other enemies you'll face besides from humans of course.The starting area of the game is basically one giant sandbox tutorial that allows the player to get a feel for the game and learn how to play through helpful hints and tutorials. Veterans of the series will blow through this area rather quickly but if you're new to the game I'd suggest you explore everything the game laid out of you in detail because most of what you will learn will be useful even in late game.Combat in this game is brutal. On normal difficulty monsters will hurt hard and won't back down from a fight. Unlike other RPGs, enemies in this game do not scale. They each have their own set level and stats. So that wraith guarding a cemetery might be too high but after a few levels, you'll be ready to take it on. This adds an overhead challenge when exploring. The first zone outside of the starter area does not have a level requirement. You will run into monsters that far exceed and even triple what your level is. This is why it is best you save often while exploring. The village that offers quests for you level might look safe but after going out towards the thick swamp you might come across a few nekkers who will eat you for dessert. Your best friends throughout the game will be your Steel and Silver swords. Steel is reserved for wild life like wolves, bears along with humans and non humans (dwarves, elves, etc). Silver is reserved for the monsters of the world. The game itself has a monster encyclopedia called the beastariy. It contains information on all the monsters you know and what they're weak against. Oils and potions are also necessary for combat. Oils on your sword can give more damage against certain types of creatures while potions provide active effects in combat like healing, damage resistance, etc. However, you can not just spam drink potions. You have a toxicity bar that fills up each time you drink a potion. Filling it up fully will cause you to lose health rapidly until you die. Knowing when to drink a potion and when to save will be the key for battle.Questing in this game is also incredibley fun. Unlike normal side quests that devolve into kill X and retrieve Y, they turn more into overhead stories that will flesh out into unique stories. An interesting side quest I came across was to retrieve a woman's frying pan. The entire quest took part in a single house on the shoreline and barely took me five minutes but it still felt like an actual quest. CD Projetk RED have excelled in this aspect in making not only a very interesting main story but side quests that feel like an actual story is being told.The game map is huge. The zone of Velen is massive in space and feels like it's own little world contained inside itself. Villages sprawl across the countryside with a massive city that looms off in the distance that yearns to be explored. Guarded treasures, monster nests, villages that need cleaning of monsters, and more are littered across the countryside all offering loot that can be used or sold depending on your character's level.Pros:Beautifully crafted game with an expansive world yearning to be exploredTactical and engaging combat that will not be afraid to punish you for mistakesEngaging narrative that doesn't rely on black and white/bad and evil choices. Instead focusing more on choices you think as a player are the right ones.Dark and gritty world that doesn't shy away from controversial topics like sexism, racism, torture, etc.Cons:Gwent card game needs a better tutorialNo dice poker"
,Recommended,292030,19325084,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Blackwolf613,"So, let me say that I've never played either of the other two games before this one, I never read the books the games are based on, watched the show or anything like that, my opinion on this game rests solely on this game, and its amazing. There is so much to do that my first playthrough, which i didnt do everything in but did do the treasure hunts, clocked in at just under 100 hours. Usually this is when I start questioning if I'm done with a game, except this time I thought ""boy, I can't wait for the additional 10 hours from heart of stone and the 30 from the other one"". This game is massive, the world is split into 5 areas counting Novigrad, an city in Velen as its own, plus 2 more areas per dlc. I think this game is bigger than most other open worlds, bigger than Skyrim but easier to get around than Los Santos if that makes sense. There is one claim I can't say is true though, and that's that you can tailor Geralt to your own fighting style. There is no stealth element to be spoken of, long range with the crossbow is a joke except underwater or to knock down a flying monster, and unless you use some combination or oils, bombs, and signs which a contract monster is weak against then you're gonna have a bad time, especially when they're a few levels above you. The last thing I can think to say is that the characters are all actually pretty fleshed out; Geralt has a loosely defined character which you decide to some degree, Triss is the most kind person in the game but still unbelievably powerful and ruthless. This game depends on the world it creates to suck you in like both The elder scrolls and Fallout, but unlike those there is actually weight to your decisions, characters aren't just setdressing, how you interact with them will make a difference. I look back at what I have typed and can only say this, the game is brilliantly written, the charcters are a joy, for the most part at least, the fighting is tough but fair, and the story is more fulfilling than most other games I played this year, fillled with so many lovely small details and amazing big ones I can't help but love this game, a game that takes itself very seriously but manages to have some wit and a whole lot of heart."
,Recommended,292030,17710221,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Super Grill,one of the best games I have ever played!!! You need to have this in your library!!
,Recommended,292030,20800664,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,liquidloz,"So there was debate about this being game of the year. Forget that, this is my favourite game of all time. So incredibly story rich and enthralling, I could not stop playing it. I had played a few hours of The Witcher 1 and enjoyed it, I confess  I have tried going back to 1 & 2 now and I struggle. The vast improvements made on this game are astounding. Superb graphics, incredible character and story writing, excellent combat and inventory management. Loads of character and monster bio to read, not to mention the collection of tomes found over the universe. The UI is really well designed and makes it simple to play without compromising challenging enemies.Anyone who likes games with a vast, expansive universe and immersive, gripping questlines - this is THE game. You will fall in love with Geralt and his world, and you will never want to leave it.Have finally got around to playing Hearts of Stone and that was well worth it too. Considering starting my second playthrough soon as I just can't get enough!"
76561198204943948,Recommended,292030,20681948,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,chigganuggets,Best game ever.
,Recommended,292030,23203836,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,GrumpyWizard,Just a must play!
,Recommended,292030,16933978,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Detractos,"I came here to slay monsters, not to feel."
,Recommended,292030,15894848,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,A SMuuga tomaatoooe,This game is very good and lives up too the hype for it. It has a decent combat system and looks amazing. You might need a pretty decent rig too run this game but with all the new graphics card out most people should be able too run it. If your still thinking about buying the game then here's some factors you should think about:1. Do you have time? this game can be very time consuming if witcher 2 takes about 20 hours i predict it might take maybe 50 or more hours to beat this game.2. do you like rpgs? this is a big one cause i have friends who have bought games like skyrim and only have played them for 3 hours without getting bored.That's mostly the key points that people should look for when buying this game.My overall rating of the game is a 9.5/10.
,Recommended,292030,30056102,Posted: 20 February,all,Lord Basil Fawlty,"10/10Best Game I've ever played.Flawless and engaging story. A satisfactory conclusion to the story of Geralt of Rivia.If you haven't played this game, your life is not worth living.Make sure you get the Blood and Wine DLC as well. You don't want to miss it."
76561198019288905,Recommended,292030,16225275,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Empheezie,The best RPG I've played in the last 5 years.
,Recommended,292030,16234385,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Gwynbleidd,One of the greatest games I have ever played. 10/10
,Recommended,292030,25098559,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,iLTra,Just one thing: F*cking wonderful.Buy it.
76561198050598706,Recommended,292030,29482037,Posted: 25 January,all,Alvalsig,Awesome.
,Recommended,292030,23341814,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Ronstig,Best game ever. GOTY 2015 for a reason.
,Recommended,292030,22513357,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,can i have a canca pls,now which one of these dialogue options will result in sex?
,Recommended,292030,22917180,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Warglaive,"It's not worth my or your time repeating what many of the reviewers have already said. Just take a look at the amount of time people have spent playing this game and you'll start to get a hint of how good it is. I've been playing games my entire life and simply put, to date this is the best game I have ever played. It's nothing short of mind blowing. Play at your own risk....get sucked into the world of Geralt of Rivia and you will find it'll take a long time getting back out again."
,Recommended,292030,19370586,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,rich chigga,i played this game 38 hours over 3 days please help me
,Recommended,292030,23299157,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Aquinas,"Best game, ever made, hard to say anything bad at all. The DLC's also are some of the best peices of content to ever grace our earth."
76561198120672996,Recommended,292030,25245466,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Jaytto,"This game is so good: the story, gameplay, music, everything! Worth every euro.11/10 ."
76561198140756011,Recommended,292030,25242366,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Cabbage_Dealer,I Like the Witcher 3: Wild Hunt a lot.
,Recommended,292030,25245853,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Lil' Uzi Zalman,best game I've ever played!I was so sad when the game ended.
,Recommended,292030,25242501,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Eclectic Dyslexic,"This is honestly my favourite game, I cannot recommend it enough. The list of things i dislike about this game are very few, but maybe more helpful than the things I like.I don't like the underwater combat.I don't like the occassional crashes, because I have not very well supported hardware.I don't like a couple of other tiny things I could nitpick at.However, really that is it. Anything I don't like is nitpicking. There are no aspects of this game which i feel are fundamentally lacking, and I think CDPR might be one of the most reliable devs in the world. I am very opposed to preordering games, very opposed. However, when cyberpunk 2077 roles around, you can bet I will preorder it, because if it is even a third of what this game is, it would be worth a $60 pricetag. I have logged hundreds of hours in this game... and have still not even got to either expansion."
76561198130305933,Recommended,292030,30216254,Posted: 27 February,all,Captain WARLORD™,This game manifested my love for white-haired women indefinitely.The Blood and Wine DLC made me realize that I might have developed a domina fetish.10/10 - would buy again.EDIT: Don't be fooled by my hours played. Played 90% offline.
76561198057535346,Recommended,292030,16090155,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Solo Swift,"A satisfying conclusion to a great triology, and a top tier open world RPG."
,Recommended,292030,25316691,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,OverSizedMidget,"This is without a doubt in my mind the best game ever created. The story will suck you in and will make you beg for more, the combat is great, graphics amazing. There is nothing bad about this game.Look at anyother review and they will agree. <3"
76561198009876579,Recommended,292030,22545156,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,eXXon,"Pros:- Great story-telling- Some of the Side quests are full-games by other studios standards- Great voice acting- Graphics...wow- Gameplay is easy to learn for newcomers- No need to play Witcher 1 or 2 to enjoy this one- It is loooong but not boring at allCons:- Geralt is not as graceful as he should be- Movement is sometimes awkward- No pop-up notification when a potion/item is ready to be crafted- .......err, can't think of anything else....."
76561198064074346,Recommended,292030,16317148,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Abyat,Great game.The story is truly captivating.The combat is dynamic.Outstanding graphics.
76561198064490902,Recommended,292030,18066956,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Glory To Kekistan,Easily 10/10. This game is easily worth more than twice the actual retail cost.
76561198080907213,Recommended,292030,29482017,Posted: 25 January,all,Vextex,5/5
76561198082307003,Recommended,292030,23110253,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,DannyBoi,"The best video game i ever played, perfect intergration of parts of medievil life. A perfect game for those who want a more subtle and relaxed dark souls with a beautiful scenery and execllent dialouge"
76561198055664251,Recommended,292030,29149878,Posted: 9 January,all,Strangepepsi,"Perhaps the best game made to date. Story is pretty damn good, but there is so much magic in how fleshed out the characters are and how you can get emotionaly attatched to the characters.Also this game is huge. Open world, tons of side quests, and you'll end up playing this game for around 100 hours if you do side quests and/or explore the maps.Game also has some really hilariously grotesque moments. Like the fetus or the peste."
,Recommended,292030,25387229,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Buckeye Burl,This is one of the best games I've ever played.
,Recommended,292030,24909693,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,a guy named victoria,"I've got 90+ games on Steam, this is by far the best one. This is the one, you know the one, the one to set the standard for all rpgs to come.If I could condense all the fun I've had out of all the games on Steam, it still wouldn't come up to the ranks of Witcher 3.♥♥♥♥♥♥man this is some fantastic stuff.I'm sure the story is the best out of any game I've ever played, the gameplay is amazing.Multiple endings, your choices matter (A LOT).I got this for 30 bucks + 20 for the gigantic dlcs (which i've yet to try), and I'm sure I'd throw half a grand on this game and It'd still be worth the money. I've worked 125 hours to finish the mainstory, sidequests, treasurehunts etc.And yeah it's a year after the release, im sure you're already convinced this is a pretty sick game.It's really ♥♥♥♥ing great, you should try it out"
76561198042628856,Recommended,292030,15969647,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Führer of Fun,Really damn good
76561198002619400,Recommended,292030,29480159,Posted: 25 January,all,Gurra,"Why are you even reading this, buy it right now! 10/10"
76561198035453036,Recommended,292030,15910781,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,☂HysGàidheal☂,"This game is stellar and is a living example of how games should be released. No cut content or day one DLC, also the game runs as smooth as a baby's bottom. Various minor and major things that bothered people in the Witcher 2 have been addressed by CD PROJECT RED including the lack of a decent tutorial, rolling around constantly in combat and the ugly and inconvenient inventory system.  Witcher 3 has met my high expectations and even exceeded them in certain areas. Also if you are having some frame rate issues try downloading the latest driver designed with the Witcher 3 in mind.Witcher 3 is one of those games that you really need to pay attention to, and the interesting and mature story will not bore you. You  really will appreciate the atmosphere and lore that this game has, you can see every instance where the developers have put their best effort in.The game runs fine as long as your updated, the gameplay and game design is far more advanced than the previous witchers, and the story is better than ever.  I give this game an excellent 9/10"
76561198014604732,Recommended,292030,21995703,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,jfoulk,"So far this game is amazing!  When I explored the first map I was stunned by the level of detail, the number of quests, and the sheer size of the open world.  Then I got to the second map.  I was blown away.  This must have taken a ton of man hours to produce.  When VR becomes mainstream, I can only hope that there will be games like this that will let me explore an entire world and go on a ton of adventures."
76561198063001522,Recommended,292030,19320187,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Drek,"Easily one of the best games I've ever played, from great writing and many fun and varied quests, to robust combat and exceptional voice acting. If I'd been told to point out a negative of this game from the top of my head, I'd have to think for a good bit before coming to an answer. Even at that, the very few and mediocre negatives that come with this are heavily outweighed by its many positive aspects. From start to finish this will be a true adventure to experience.11/10"
,Recommended,292030,27106719,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SRB_Bradmilo,Money well spent
,Recommended,292030,25488382,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,JVCaires,"Obra PrimaThe Witcher 3 me provocou sentimentos bem diversos, nunca fui paciente com RPG's quando se trata de temática Medieval/Mágica/Clássica, porém, ao terminar posso dizer que me tornei fã e não vejo a hora da sequencia!É Inevitável a comparação com Skyrim, e isso é um elogio a Skyrim, pois Wild Hunt é definitivamente o que há de melhor no genêro, com uma campanha que garante no minimo 60 horas de muitas batalhas, história rica, personagens EXCEPCIONAIS e alguns bugs.Cada um dos que voce encontrar pelo caminho tem uma ""humanidade"" incrivel, idependentemente de raça ou genero, não há como esquecer cada um dos que te ajudaram ou ajudou durante a saga para encontrar e proteger Ciri.O mundo de The Witcher é um caos, e cada pedaço desse caos deve e pode ser explorado e ""melhorado"" por você, no fundo, o personagem principal não é Geralt, Yen, Triss, Ciri... é o caos envolvido em torno deles!Must Have"
,Recommended,292030,25674036,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Galactor's Meme Bean Machine,"This and Pillars of Eternity renewed my faith that modern game designers can make classic style western RPGs. For the longest time after the great period at the turn of the millenium, with Fallout 2 and Baldur's Gate 2 and the glory days of the infinity engine, there really hasn't been an RPG that scratched that itch precisely.And apparently the Polish were really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about that too, who knew? Well good on them because holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is this a game that fits nicely with that pantheon of greats. The characters and dialog are excellent, people you are supposed to hate you end up doing so, people you are supposed to love you want to keep around and do their quests just to see what they're up to. The world is well fleshed out and makes sense, while at the same time dealing with ideas and tropes that would be too dark and too mature for most other games to do well. And yet, even when I was literally throwing a baby into an oven in this game, I knew A) that I was actually doing the correct thing and B) that it made total sense in context. And when you can pull off that you have something impressive."
,Recommended,292030,15990936,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Sodyp0p,Never played any of the previous Witchers... after getting through the dialogue in the beginning it was really fun to play.  It is like playing red dead redemption but with spells and potions and armor swapping.  Lots of side quests to keep you going for a long time.  The graphics are amazing.
,Recommended,292030,19241555,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,A$AP Newell,"This game is absolutely marvelous. Awesome story, great mechanics, and the world is PACKED with stuff to do an explore. I'm already doing a second full playthrough.This is the only witcher game I've ever played and I'm considering going back to the others now."
,Recommended,292030,19256375,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,ether.,"Been a Witcher fan since the first game and the series had never failed to amaze me.With a story that bonds you emotionally with the characters, a challenging combat/difficulty system, an insanely beautifully crafted world, a soundtrack that makes you wish they were the Top 40s irl and a maturity tone that breaches all levels of what you could ever hoped for.I wouldn't be suprised if it wins Game of the Year 2015. CD PROJEKT RED has really outdone themselves this time. Bravo!"
,Recommended,292030,19261143,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,The Shadow 277,Fallout used to be my favourite game.Used to.
,Recommended,292030,19271752,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,DIEU DU JAMBON,this game is so worthed. If you love RPG you should really buy it the lore is rich and have so many quest and stuff to loot and it seem item scale to level and place aare bit level based so dont wander so far cause you will get kill it wont take long =]
76561198030893438,Recommended,292030,19279504,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Vlorn,I played a 150 hours in a stupidly short period of time where I really need to evaluate how much time I spent in front of my computer to do that. Enough said. One of the best games ever.
76561198036477325,Recommended,292030,19232319,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Loshar Clan,"So after 300+ hours of playing the game, I can safley recommend this game.Why would I recommend it? Amazing plot/story, graphics, and gameplay (gamplay is best on the hardest difficulty)What im shokked about is how can games like ac syndicate /fallout 4/ etc cost 20% more than the witcher 3... Its crazy since I cant think of a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game that delivers more value for the price.My point with this review it to let you know that this is the best game this year without contest, since all this game does is scream quality.0/10 too few quikscoping -IGN"
76561198037329122,Recommended,292030,19237310,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,I failed Grade 10,10/10 God damn Masterpiece
,Recommended,292030,29572411,Posted: 29 January,all,Arrygon,This is essentialy NEXT GEN game type.Played this game 2 times till end with all DLC's.Is this enough recommendation ?!The story line is not linear so you can play multiple times.Part of the game is fantastic card game ''Gwent'' now also available online but as closed beta standelone version.
76561198077870505,Recommended,292030,16624543,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Shogun,Quite simply one of the greatest RPG's ever made.
,Recommended,292030,17146935,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Sovielus,"One of the best RPGs in recent history. Many many hours of gameplay and that's just the side quests. Characters are well writen, story line is fantastic, graphics are top notch, and the world is just *massive*. Because of the size of the world and the large amount of side quests, there are a lot of quests that can have similar types (go to ___ kill ___ return for reward), but because of how well the characters are written, every quest feels like something completely different. You are driven to want to help these people (or not, your choice) and you actually care about the outcome. Your choices actually matter and have real consequences down the road. Some may be immediate and some you may not see until the end of the game.Overall, one of my favorite games in recent memory. It drew me in and held my attention for all 100+ hours of gameplay, which is something that doesn't happen very often for me anymore. Highly recommended."
76561198035811456,Recommended,292030,26643725,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Linflas,"Finally getting around to this, and boy was it worth the wait.  Great story, great environments, compelling combat.  10/10 for me GOTY was earned."
76561198060234910,Recommended,292030,20672804,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Stormsong the Fallen,"The Witcher 3... wow, I literally just finished, so forgive any rambling.  Let's review.This review rounds out my thoughts on the entire witcher series by filling in said thoughts for the final game.  I've played through and reviewed its predecessors as well, one after the other for continuity.  To give yourself a frame for how I'm basing my rating you can look at my reviews of those other two games and you'll get a more clear idea for where I stand, and why I stand there.Simple Score: 9.5/10The elaborate review:The Witcher 3 is the capstone game for the series.  It modernized and re-embraced the detailed systems I fell in love with from the first game, and added the fluidity of the second.  All of this without the dragging pace of the first, or the mechanical failings of the second.  Truly, CDPR learned, revised and implemented.  None of this, ""Well we heard what you (the fans) have said, but instead let us explain our way and do it our way and you'll adapt and maybe like it"", that I find all over the games I try today.For the first time in a long time I couldn't sit on my haunches after a choice, knowing I'd made the right one.  Things WILL change.  There are very few false choices where all roads lead one way.  If you have to make a choice, and you will many times, think on it.Combat, though simple, is rewarding (at least it is on Death March).  Prepare well, use any tools for a given situation and you will succeed.  Fail to do so, and die.  It is not a particuarly hard game, but it is a fair one.  For me, that's more fun.The world, the cutscenes, the conversations, the faces, the voices are all very well done.  The world feels alive, and in most cases it feels natural.  Your typical conversation between two actors, where most peoples' standards are lower in terms of judging the game are even well done.  There are no emotionless actors who exist only to move you through the game.  You walk into people's lives, can see the strife on their faces, and hear the relief in their voices when you've done what you promised to do.  You are not the most powerful being on the planet, in the most objective sense, you're not even close.  However, you make an impact.  You're important without being a god, that seems a hard thing to portray for most games.  This one makes it work.Pros:-Anything I don't list as a con (yes, seriously)Cons:-Limited soundtrack (track quantity, the quality is amazing for what is there)-Fall damage is a little...uh..overzealous.-Various minor bugs that occured through my playthrough, but hold hope, patches are still being made regularly and these are often taken care of."
,Recommended,292030,19455929,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Brian Ian Ian Ian Ian,"Never heard of the Witcher saga before. Bought the game with no expectation.Hands down the best RPG i've ever played. Now, I'm planning to read the books and play the Witcher 2."
,Recommended,292030,15914770,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Azurik,"Game of The Year right here, if anyone denies the fact that this game isn't good nor shouldn't be game of the year.... They really need to check up with their doctor about their eyes. Nonetheless I'll probably be recommending this game to nearly everyone that mentions it, and has caused me to fail my schooling because of this. 10/10 because it's the Witcher 3!!!!"
,Recommended,292030,26933298,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mono in D,"Witcher 3 is a story-driven game that absolutely does NOT skimp on anything.+ Combat is rewarding, fast paced, ""feels"" great, and even fairly tactical at higher difficulties.+ Story and narrative are deeply engaging with lovable characters, and all your choices feel meaningful.+ Gorgeous visuals that keep a distinct thematic feel to them.It is difficult to think of anything negative...- Some quests can feel a bit hand-holdy.- Shops and inventory management could be slightly improved.You won't regret sinking dozens of hours into this game."
,Recommended,292030,22733396,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,twitch.tv/dlauv🎃,The best RPG that my weeb friends will never appreciate with some of the best DLC value too.
,Recommended,292030,27633578,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,neubi,omg omg omg
76561198076621462,Recommended,292030,21806033,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,808jokimchi,"""Here about the contract...really got an imp problem? Or is that just an imp-erfection in the notice?""-Geralt the part time Monster slayer, full time pun maker"
,Recommended,292030,20336244,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,blackstag,Easily among the best games I've ever played! Everything from it's optimisation to it's soundtrack is massively enjoyable.
,Recommended,292030,21959037,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,The Jew Storm,this one is pretty good
76561197999107911,Recommended,292030,19923340,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,GRIMSCORPION,Best RPG ever!
76561198105522208,Recommended,292030,21746378,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Dabomb1467,"This game, in layman terms, is simply fan-♥♥♥♥ing-tastic."
76561198100168981,Recommended,292030,22529393,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,elevatorbroke,One of the best games I have ever played.
,Recommended,292030,23542744,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,cronixen,Never played a single player game I enjoyed as much as I did The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt. Worth every penny and more. Outstanding game. Even the minigame in the game itself is going to be released as a stand alone version.
,Recommended,292030,19450558,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Khealim,Truly a masterpiece. Spent the whole day playing but now i just have to slee.... i mean i will just meditate fock it.
,Recommended,292030,17257766,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,SiNNiS,"Over the years I have noticed that most single player open world RPG games are unable to captivate me for more than 30-40 gameplay hours. The Witcher 3 is honestly the first game in ages where I was unable to do anything else other then progress through the game and story.I have honestly not played a game in the last 20 years that made me feel sad finishing the game. Let me tell you why , the sheer amount of love and  hard labor CD Projekt Red has put into this is immense. Every Contract and Secondary quest is like its own mini-game with its own story to tell. The voice acting, soundtracks,visuals all combine to make an epic world that is on point.Playing the game you will wonder how has CDPR managed to even put this much storytelling and dialogue into a game of this scale? It is just mind boggling. From a gameplay aspect the combat and skill mechanics are fun, interesting and to some degree different.I rate it a 9.8/10 , my only gripe with the game being the Crafting and Dismantling menus could have been done better. I found myself switching between those menus more than I needed to and was a bit tedious keeping track of crafting items, the Pinning feature introduced in 1.07 was too little to late.That being said, I definitely advise anyone to buy this game and support CDPR for the love they have poured into a game that should be recognized for its creativity and game design in gaming history. To imagine that this game did not even have a AAA pricetag."
,Recommended,292030,23104269,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,MMZR,It is indeed quite lit.
76561198176077923,Recommended,292030,19237266,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Liveordie,great game
76561198026561244,Recommended,292030,18847280,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Squantoon,Just buy it you cheap ♥♥♥♥s. Thank me later
,Recommended,292030,21293224,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Nyhm,"Do I recommend what I consider the game of the year for 2015 and my personal favorite game of all time?Umm.. yes.Adult fantasy, wonderful characters, interesting story and meaningful sidequests in an absolutely gorgous world. This is a must have for RPG fans. Get it, its worth every dime."
,Recommended,292030,20210197,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,dimeraRaven,"This could very well be, the best game I have played to date. I loved playing this game.So much freedom, including choices that actually had impact on the storyline.Some games, you get choices but it doesn't feel like it changes much of the story. So your choice(s) have zero impact.This gave the game HUGE points to me, I hate when games offer you choices, but really whatever you decide is rendered irrelevant to the story and overall outcome.The combat, well it's very good but like most RPG's it can get repetitive but combat in RPG's will never be perfect. This could be as good as RPG combat ever gets.The soundtrack was great as well and the cinematics were really well done. When I first heard ""Priscilla's song,"" I was blown away. Such a beautiful song, I forgot that I was playing a game and just sat back and listened. Wonderfully done.Character development was overall really well done, I actually cared/disliked characters which generally I don't end up doing in most games. Most games are quite ""black and white"" with their characters.I like that the developer was not scared at all to let your character go from♥♥♥♥♥kicker, monster hunter to having emotional connections with his romantic partners.So overall, this game (in my opinion) definitely is a huge favourite to be considered Game Of The Year. It's possible by 2020 this could be the Game Of The Decade.Absolutely fantastic. I will be replaying this game, to make different choices and see their effect on the story and possible outcomes.10/10"
,Recommended,292030,29593789,Posted: 30 January,all,manwhat,"The GOTY edition of this game is possibly one of the greatest video games of all time.Let's start with the bad, and end with the good.The bad:The levelling curve is such that the game is tough early on, but becomes easy quickly. The sheer scope of the world, if you decide to explore every last little point of interest (don't do this unless you feel like it) can feel tedious. Unless you go into NG+ mode, it can feel that different interesting builds don't open up until the DLC or lategame - Alchemy is super amazing, but only once you've unlocked the right potions. As a whole, combat can feel repetitive on occasions once you've found a style that works for you.Oh, and the horse still gets stuck sometimes.The good:The world is both huge and beautiful, and you're under no compulsion to explore it all - it's there only if you want it (or want some extra gold). The writing is some of the best ever seen in gaming, with real emotion coming through from both the voice acting and the seriously amazing facial animation. 'Feeling like a Witcher' - reading up on your foe, preparing, and then going in for the kill. The investigation aspects make you feel smart even when you're just pointing and clicking. Every side quest other than one-off treasure hunts has unique voiced dialogue and may have a twist to it.The game overall - just the main quest - is almost 100 hours long in length for a reasonably thorough playthrough, and that's not even including 100% completing the map or playing the in-depth Gwent minigame. Add in the DLCs and it's 120 to 130 hours of gameplay, depending on how much you idly explore and how much dialogue you view in full.To me, this game represents the practical limit of contemporary AAA gaming - the absolute maximum you can fit into a giant single player game and have it all be meaningful and enjoyable.Before playing, I recommend getting the 'All Quests on Map' mod, even if you never get another mod - the only thing it does it make it much easier to see other quest objectives near you on your map, instead of having to scroll through them all."
76561197989567477,Recommended,292030,18449294,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,[D-Budz]Rock,"Having played this game for many hours now and have pretty much completed it 100% I would recommend it to every person out there. It is simple to learn for newbies, but complex enough to keep veterans interested. The graphics are beautiful, the creatures are interesting and the storyline is honestly second to none, it's intense, dramatic and satisfying. If they don't make a movie based upon this game, I would be surprised.The combat is interesting and enguaging, you cannot easily take on multiple enemies without paying attention. When dying it's obvious why you died and rarely frustrating. This is also coming from a guy who played the game on the hardest difficulty.I clearly throughly enjoyed this game and am eagerly awaiting the expansion packs."
,Recommended,292030,20931595,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,whisky-da~k1ng,Best game ever <3
,Recommended,292030,19451880,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,The Hero of Kvatch,"What a solid game.It took me 90 hours to clock one playthrough; and not a single bit of it was grinding, monotonous or boring."
76561198235887468,Recommended,292030,18622969,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,FLASH-ASIAN,"THIS IS WHAT I AM TALKING ABOUT!!! Some said Witcher 3 is like Skyrim and I cant lie but I have to say... This is wayy better. Although skyrim have mods, Witcher 3 have free DLCs and too make it fair... Everybody is equal. Witcher 3 is an open world game where you (as a player) make dicisions in Geralt life to hunt down monsters and doing quests. You can aldo craft swords, armours and even buy potions to help you fight in a battle. You also can decide whether Geralt should be dating or not. All of the things to do in the Witcher 3 will Affect your ending... GET THIS GAME, ITS LOADS FUN"
,Recommended,292030,20106813,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Devoldo,"There really isn't much that can be said about this game that other ""reviews"" have said before; an amazing non-stop adventure through the depths of a world that is completely unique, yet relatively familiar to one's own.I could not have thought of a better plot or storyline than CD PROJEKT RED  nor would I want to (surprisingly). This game grabbed my attention, head-butted it, and held it for the entire length of its main storyline. It captured all that it great in an exploration RPG and showed it what it can improve.The only issues I may have are some glitches and hiccups along the way, but that’s a mere shadow to the glory that is The Witcher 3. Those that think this is not a rich atmospheric game may need to either undergo a lobotomy, or simply see what kind of adventures await them in a game I call ""Lets drink whatever is under the Bathroom Sink"".I applaud the great minds at Projekt Red that thought up this fantastic fantasy world and invite them to please sign up to Disney to make Star wars something worth watching again. Thank you."
76561198124890572,Recommended,292030,16222337,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Sparky,This game is brilliant. Would recommend it to everyone
76561198018532207,Recommended,292030,20881422,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,SF8-V1per,"The Witcher is love, The Witcher is life. 10/10"
76561198085171447,Recommended,292030,20637575,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,dogboat333,"The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, or as it should be called, The Coolest Bestest Thing Evahr, is the sequel to Witcher 2: Assassin of Kings, and that being the sequel of The Witcher, all these being based off the ongoing 'Wiedźmin' book series written by Polish author Andrzej Sapkowiski (yes, I had to copy and paste both of those names, shut up), is probably GOTY for 2015. Granted, Metal Gear Solid V and Undertale had a very good shot for me and are the runners up for me, and I haven't played Fallout 4 yet, but I have to give it to this game. 10/10, ♥♥♥♥ it. I don't need to review it anymore. Nuff said. I'm out of here....alright, that wasn't good enough, wasn't it?♥♥♥♥♥♥ Well, I don't mind. Let's take a look, shall we? Unless you actually bought that fake out... ah well, too lazy to press backspace. LET'S GO!STORY: You are Geralt of Rivia. After regaining your memory, you set out to find your destined lover, Yennefer. You find her pretty quickly, actually, but she reveals that your old ward and adopted daughter, Ciri, has returned to this world for unknown reasons, and her true father, emperor of the Nilfgaardian Empire, wants you to track her down for him. You have three leads that lead you through the Novigrad/Velen countries and the Skellige Islands, and you have to find and rescue her before the Wild Hunt comes and uses her to destroy the world. Like in the past games, you can interfer with the world around you, from minor things from starting up a cabaret club to assassinating a crazed king. It's goddamn good, one of the best of the year. It engrosses you in the world, and that's always awesome. You have maybe 30, 35 hours of main story I want to say, longer with harder difficulties of course, but side quests and activities can keep you occupied. All the side quests are written well as well, while there are some placeholders, it's mostly pretty good. Get into some later on, but I will have to keep you waiting for a while before I get to them :P.GAMEPLAY: 3rd person slash em up. You have two swords as like the last games; a silver for monsters and a steel for humans. You also have a new crossbow that you can use to get enemies from a longer distance away or get flying enemies to fall down, though they aren't very effective necessarily. You have your 5 signs from previous incarnations with more tweaks to them. Yrden isn't a trap anymore and they force you to use it with some enemies, Axii is worth leveling up a bit for some conversation branch levels, but otherwise I didn't use it other than for some specific enemies, Aard is used to interact with some places in the level, Quen is incredibly useful on harder difficulties since it absorbs hits for you, and Igni can damage enemies and potentially damage them for a couple seconds after. Depends on your play style on what you deem most effective, though. You have a new Witcher Sense, which lets you see lootable places and notable things related to quests. You can brew potions and oils to help you on battles, but on the Normal difficulty you shouldn't need them unless you want to be as effective as possible. Nothing wrong with that :P. Also have bombs and stuff.GRAPHICS, PERFORMANCE, AND WORLD DESIGN: Played on Ultra, 60FPS with some drops into the 50's every once in a while, but still stable. Game is breathtaking, CDProjekt really did a damn good job. Best looking game I've ever played. The environments are lush and beautiful, the water looks amazing, characters look good, and the hair physics are amazing. A graphical juggernaut without a doubt. World design is nice as well. White Orchard, Velen/Novigrad, and Skellige are nice open worlds, White Orchard is a competent tutorial level and the other two open worlds are massive and breathtaking. You can sink hours, my mate put an additional 50 hours into this game, decent chunk of it must have been exploring.CHARACTERS AND VOICE ACTING: Doug Cockle got cheated out of Best Voice Actor. He kicked♥♥♥♥♥as Geralt. Much better than that broad that won The Game Awards award for it... anyway, Doug Cockle does a phenominal job as Geralt. Everyone was voiced well, I'd say. Everyone is voiced well, they got the side characters waaaaaay better this time, though their design is still a bit repetative.SIDE ACTIVITIES AND EXTRAS: The most notable side quests I have mentioned are the Witcher Contracts. Villagers will leave notices for you to go after a monster that terrifies them. You can negotiate pay, but then you go after the beast and hunt them down. Otherwise, you have fistfights and horse races to entertain yourself. And there's Gwent, deemed by many as the ""best game inside a game"" ever made. Didn't play it that much, mostly because I didn't want to get addicted to it, but I know that it can be addicting, so maybe pick the game up solely for that, could be worth it xDFINAL THOUGHTS: Would go on a big monologue, but not necessary I think. 10/10, best game of the year without a doubt. There are two RPG's that came out this year that very well may shape RPG making in games in the future. One of them is Undertale, which I already reviewed, check it out, and the other is this very game.Know when a legend becomes a prophecy? When it gains believers."
76561198070253925,Recommended,292030,18023004,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,A Space Knight,"Do not let the fact that the game was bumped down from overwhelmingly positive to very positive, this game is a must buy for any gamer who loves a game with a gripping story and a beautifully crafted world that will take hours of your free time away.HOWEVER, you need a powerful pc to run this game. Most of the negative comments are based on poor performance, So be aware that you may not get stunning performance on an older machine. (I get 28-44 fps with an i5 cpu, 16 gb of ram and a 2gb video card on high settings, so it is very playable without having the top of the line parts).But, if you have the pc to run it and haven't bought it yet, well there's your problem.You haven't bought it yet."
76561198030727195,Recommended,292030,17560168,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,The Raid Boss,One of the funnest games ever made!!!!
,Recommended,292030,21590480,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,.:DoD:.  M34t,"Swing a sword, cast a spell"
,Recommended,292030,20329418,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Fuck Y'all,"Just finished the game. Now I lie dying in bed, realizing my greatest mistake to complete this masterpiece."
76561198053608427,Recommended,292030,23289542,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Insanewaffle,One of the best RPGs I've ever played.
76561197975584561,Recommended,292030,21344074,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Yaniv,"Incredible game. Only negative feeling I have is that I am ashamed I ever wasted time on games like Skyrim And Fallout. I actually feel ripped off since I was somehow convinced that it makes sense that other games are as dull as they are.But it turns out, that it is possible to not only make a game rich with content, but also make this content good, and In this case, its much more than just good.I only now finished the game for the first time, so I don't really know how much effect my choices had, And Prehaps I was just fooled to think they had any effect, but I had the same feeling after the second game, and then it turned out that the first playthrough barely included spoilers about what is going to happen in the second.But even without the Dinamic Story, the story I have been told was great. The enviourment is much more complex, realistic and mature. Other games turned out to be lame children stories compared to what's going on here. A must-Buy.p.sGive Gwent a chance, I discarded it as lame time-filler mini game and it was too late to collect all cards once I realized I was wrong"
76561197961029782,Recommended,292030,19849057,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,PaulyTheGuy,"Simply put, this game is a masterpiece."
76561198060964520,Recommended,292030,19664700,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,LeFrenchyestFry,"One of the best RPGs out there, would love to see some developpement of main characters after main quest..#TeamYen"
76561197965313169,Recommended,292030,23227095,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,moonJuice,"How can one NOT love this game? Interesting characters, great story and plot, huge world, and nudity. Oh yah."
,Recommended,292030,16885096,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Skywere Wolf,"Beautiful game, fantastic gameplay and amazing artwork."
76561198025579389,Recommended,292030,23212094,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,TheNakedClown,Best game I've ever played.
76561198042332775,Recommended,292030,21866720,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Mister Dad,"This game has brought back the childish satisfaction of finding a stick in the woods and swinging it around, because now I can pretend to be Geralt while I do. My only regret is that I cannot literally live in this world.10/10, would slip into Witcher-induced coma if VR ever becomes a thing."
76561198056616408,Recommended,292030,23442952,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Steven,"The Witcher 3: The Wild HuntThe critically acclaimed open world RPG made by CD Project REDThe Witcher 3 is the third, and presumingly the last game of the Witcher series. The protagonist, Geralt, is a Witcher; meaning he's basically a monsterslayer for hire. He encounters many dangers in the Northern Kingdoms and battles them with swords and magic.Positives and some minor complaintsPositivesImmersive, touching and well-paced story.Superb presentation, breathtaking sceneriesGreat dialogs and voiceacting, which makes the whole story feel veryreal. Often times I heard myself chuckling, other times I was deeply moved by some characters in the games.Fluid and very satisfying combat, challenging at times, which requires you to always think aheadHas a great minigame called 'Gwent' (i.e. cardgame). Not the best cardgame ever (compared to the likes of MTG), no, but by far the best minigame within a game, endless fun of playing and searching for more powerful cards!There is alotof content. The immense size of the main game alone will entertain you for countless hours: exploring, doing sidequests, witcher contracts or gwent. The same counts for the expansions HoS and B&W.The world of the Witcher has a lot of depth, as it's based on a series of books, written by Andrzej Sapowski. If you're interested in the Witcher, I'd recommend you read the Last Wish, and start from there.Minor complaintsAwkward checkpoints/saves in some missions (i.e. a checkpoint before a long dialog, having to skip through it again)The PC version of the game has very uncomfortable default key bindings, you can obviously change it to your likings, but stillCrafting can be a tiny bit grindy at times, very minor complaintConclusionThis game deserves all the praise it has gotten. The Witcher 3 never failed to interest me with it's endless amount of highly entertaining content. It's one of those games that is worth buying at full price. It amazes me that a game can be packed so full with content, yet doesn't fail to streamline every last bit at that."
76561198065468093,Recommended,292030,23642872,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,MrFresh,"Never been outside in my life, this game has shown me that trees actually do move by themselves, not the wind, wind is not a thing. The graphics are dank, the memes and dank, this game is dank, i left my wife and children for this god blessed game. I am going broke, but atleast i got my trees in check.10/10 Would tree again lol kappa, Making merica great again."
,Recommended,292030,30776112,Posted: 27 March,all,FaunMario,Oh do I love this game it is a great game no it is not perfect but it is fun. There are some bugs nothing game breaking actually stuff you will laugh at and then continue on your way. I had this game when I was on The PS4 and beat it twice then and I'm going to beat it again now. There is so much to do actions with your friends matter and can have effects. The combat is great its not just hack and slash you need to know how to dance around enemies and read up on them in game. Its fun and overwelhming with quests and a world to explore.
,Recommended,292030,23961113,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Jcob,"Incredible game...Huge open alive world,  Fantastic storylines with all side and main missions. Choice making that makes you have them feels if something bad happens. Honestly, Witcher 3 is the best game I have ever played. Should be an instant buy!"
,Recommended,292030,23665122,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Balthizaar,"Buy this game. Buy all the DLC. Download all the free DLC. Immerse yourself in one of the ultimate RPG experiences that has even been written and produced. Take your time, enjoy yourself. It's definitely worth $74.99."
76561198019696234,Recommended,292030,21945134,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,marmalada180,Look at how many hours I've put into the game. Well worth the money. You'll enjoy it a little more if you've played at least Witcher 2-- the choices I made in that game unfortunately dont seem to make all the much impact here (more about context). Most of the bugs have been ironed out by this point as well.+great story/interesting characters+lots of exploration+side quests are all meaningful and entertaining (unlike some open-world games)+rpg elements-loot hunting in the ocean; (edit: figured out that you can use your crossbow)-gameplay a bit too easy on anything under Death March after level 10edit: Finished game. Plan on coming back at some point to play the DLC. One of the best looking games I've ever had the opportunity to play.
76561198027299977,Recommended,292030,23843568,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Larz,"This game is top notch. If you're on the fence, stop that right now and just buy it. Even if you hate it, you'll regret hating it later and eventually you'll learn of your mistakes and learn to love it for all it's beauty. On a side note, please go to nexus mods and pick up a texture pack and reshade preset. Absolutely beautiful, tons of gameplay, and a convicting story.TL;DR shut up and buy it."
,Recommended,292030,22793840,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,エロ仙人 Ero Sennin,"A game where u will always been doing something else to complete ur main questFind Ciri-> Found out Dandelion saw and engaged her but Dandelion is captured-> Gotta find a way to save Dandelion-> Found out Dudu is needed to save Dandelion but Dudu is missing-> Gotta find a way to lure Dudu out from hiding-> Found out a way to lure Dudu out with a play-> Gotta write a script to interest Dudu to come out to see the play, and hire Puffins to annouce the play to the public-> Try to hire Puffins but first need to pin down the thugs who are harassing them-> Killed all of them and Puffins agree to work for me-> Need to hire ushers for the peace of the play-> Ushers won't work for me unless I fight with my bare hands, and it's 2 on 1*Save game and rage quit*"
76561198068010239,Recommended,292030,19856584,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Witcher 3 GOTY,Hands down the best game I've ever played... truly a masterpiece
,Recommended,292030,18083277,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Woody,"I quess i could say that Witcher 3 Wild Hunt is the best RPG game to date. Unlike many other open-world RPGs, Witcher 3  features an compeling story, immersive gameplay and the some of the greatest game characters.+ Excellent and tactical gameplay. The kinda gameplay which rewards caution and preparation.+ Great story for an open-world game+ You cant find better characters from any other open-world game.+ The soundtrack OMG+ Absolutely stunning visuals even on lower settings. I envy those who can play this on 4K and 60FPS+ Lots of player freedom, from exploration to dialogue choices.+ Free DLCs- In some cutscene, the audio sounds a bit rushed.Witcher 3 Wild Hunt is the new king of RPG games and its an game that other devolpers should look up to, especially Bethesda.If you like fantasy RPGs them go get this game FAST, you'll wont regret it.9.6 - 10"
76561198008023425,Recommended,292030,20623345,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Cha0s12,"Great graphics, story and gameplay overall best money I ever spent. NO REGRETS"
,Recommended,292030,22404171,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,KarstonSX,Incredibly dope game. Buy it if you don't have it already
76561197965841811,Recommended,292030,22402337,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Splanc,Combat is weak but the story is engaging.
,Recommended,292030,20557304,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,S.H.O.D.A.N,"Play as Gernald of Trumpvia all over this incredible electoral adventure. Your main goal is to find the poll-heading nilfgardian candidate Cirillary, who is being chased by the evil Berniedin because of his ancient power : the feminine vote. Your electoral adventure won't be easy, you will have to fight all along the United States of the Continent. A lot of dangerous mexican monsters will be trying to make you fail on your mission, but your ideas are very clear :MAKE TEMERIA GREAT AGAIN"
76561198032742335,Recommended,292030,23302296,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,EmuLord,"I've played a lot of games.  I like a broad range of games.  This is, quite simply, the best game I've ever had the joy of playing.  The gameplay is incredible, the characters have depth and personality, and the story is the most amazing I've ever seen.  Regardless of whether or not you've read the books or played previous games, this is definitely a title you don't want to miss.I honestly cannot reccommend this game enough.Keep it up CD Projekt!"
,Recommended,292030,23301170,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,DeadLung,best game ever since blockade runner colecovision
,Recommended,292030,23302500,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,ShaZam!,Very very fun ^_^
76561198007501529,Recommended,292030,17424719,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Fajde,One of the best games I've played in awhile... I had a few crashes/etc (as per a lot of reviews) but still highly recommend this game...
,Recommended,292030,17134042,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,ghost,"This game is amazing. Its a must own for any Open World or RPG fan. But be advised, this game is very intensive for your rigs. I get about 30 to 45 frames on medium with a GTX 750TI. If you are worried that you wont understand the story without playing any of the previous games, don't be. Ive never played them and I love this game. This game gives me hope the AAA games are not dead."
,Recommended,292030,17149018,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,SimplyIllogical,"One of the best open world RPGs I've ever played, The developers put a lot of thought and care into the game and they continue to show how much they care about the player. Whether you are a fan of the previous games, a fan of the book series or are just looking for fun game to play, get the Witcher 3."
76561197996149107,Recommended,292030,18412561,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Juhis,I found only three minor negative things in this game:- One out of hundreds voice acting was akward (woman acting little girls voice)- Diving underwater in close quarters controlling Geralt is unnecessery difficult- Once my decoction effects vanished without no reason and I had no chance to meditate. It was main story mission.Everything else is EPIC!+ Superior combat system (only those who suck think it is frustating)+ Epic story+ Ultra graphics that my computer can handle easily (without nvidia hairworks)+ Superior crafting and alchemy+ Superior talent trees (you can spend hours thinking what is best choice)+ Epic monsters and enemies9.9/10
,Recommended,292030,18444087,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Corvus,"This game is the most immersive game I've played in my entire life, and it got me into wanting more Single Player games, despite the fact that I usually play Multiplayer games. This was an experience that changed the way I look at video games."
76561198100957875,Recommended,292030,17422331,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Holliyan101,Im just glad I got a horse and don't have to walk everywhere.
,Recommended,292030,16096234,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Hashashin,"This is one of the best games I've played since Skyrim.I haven't played Witcher 1 or 2, but that didn't seem to be a problem, at times I felt like I was missing out on some references and plot but I didn't mind, the story felt okay to me, it wasn't anything special (maybe because I didn't play the other 2 games) but the side quests were immensely fun and interesting. I am currently addicted to gwent (the card game in Witcher) and I have to say it's well crafted, and I still get excited when I get new cards; I hope CD Projekt RED improve gwent and bring in some new gwent side quests in the near future.This is just a solid, no BS game. I haven't played much but so far it's pretty great, and I'd definitely recommend it to anyone who loves a great RPG."
76561197969039781,Recommended,292030,19021894,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,TrinityKnight,"FIrst off Read the Books, they are really a cool experience and open up the world of Geralt the Witcher. Secondly, all three games build on each other, however, the third installment is congruent enough with lore and sidequests, to get you what you need to know to enjoy the game and the story, just like you can watch Star Wars: Return of the Jedi and get most of the story, even if you have not watched the previous 2. Even if that is a bad example, you will enjoy this rich, atmostpheric game which is both gritty, deadly and beautiful at the same time. The romances in the game are what you decide to make them and as with most relationships in the real world, can be complicated. If you play one game this year, this needs to be it, without a doubt. Check the rating on the game to see what you are buying, if you do not want to see certain things flash across your screen, in the living room, be aware that could be the case, depending on what choices you make with Yennefer or Triss. I must stress this is not a game for children. The combat system is finally much more enjoyable, albiet a bit more simplistic. This feels much more realistic and sensible as fantasy stories go and you will not be dissapointed. The graphics are top notch and yet will not run badly on most mid to high level rigs. Surprisingly, they have it working fairly well on consoles, particularly the PS4. If you are a fan of the Witcher, you need to set aside some time, stop playing Call of Duty or Destiny and play this game thoroughly. Take your time, enjoy it and it will stay with you, long after you complete the game. 10/10 stars."
76561198205951497,Recommended,292030,19021573,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Xety,A testament of how much heart and soul CDPR put into this game.A true masterpiece.
76561198024345351,Recommended,292030,23302553,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Bad at games,"Wish I paid more for this game, I robbed them blind at 60$."
76561198006757028,Recommended,292030,23307636,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Slippin Jimmy,One of the best RPGs you could ever play.
76561198113215529,Recommended,292030,23301268,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,"""GLEN""","This may be the best game i have ever played. After two playthroughs and over 400 hours I am still discovering new quests and locations. If you haven't bought this game yet buy it, you won't regret it."
76561198027674338,Recommended,292030,25113350,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Lumpy_Custard,"The Witcher 3 is without doubt the greatest game I have ever played.I have never experienced a game that captures the imagination quite like this. The characters resonate fiercely with people we all know and love, despite their flaws, and at times seem so real that one is often left deep in thought well after concluding for the day.The atmosphere is dark and packed with realism. The choices one makes invariably lead to both good and bad consequences and one is all too often left trying to choose between the lesser of two evils and wondering whether any choice will prove consequential in the end.I recently described this game as the greatest book I've ever read combined with the greatest movie I have ever watched and that could not be more true.You will experience breathtaking graphics, astonishing game play and an utterly magnificent story, but this is all immaterial because The Witcher 3 will steal your heart."
,Recommended,292030,27250621,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GoldMuffin,"After 250 hours I finished my first playthrough of the main game and all its DLC on Death March. I have played hundreds of games over the years and until now I considered Red Dead Redemption the best game ever made but The Witcher 3 is a completely different beast. Do yourself a favor and play this game. It doesnt matter if you have played the previous games or if you are a fan of the RPGs. It is an experience that no review or YouTube video can recreate. If you like the main game, consider supporting CD Projekt Red by getting the season pass. Developers like that are rare and deserve to be commented."
76561198080203043,Recommended,292030,25062539,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Mellowmushroom,"Most immersive game I have ever played to date personally. I would also go as far as to say this is my favorite single player game I have ever played, I have played many series and multiple AAA titles but this takes the cake for me personally. Just buy it, the game is amazing, and you get way more than what you pay for, I have 180 hours into it already, and still have some side quests to complete."
76561197984259717,Recommended,292030,16133804,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,RaykeR,1-2 Months of not bothering to look for a new good game
,Recommended,292030,16501774,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,initial KOOL イロニク,Best♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game ever.
76561198069536565,Recommended,292030,25176343,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,[BigD] AussieFirebird,Absoultely love Geralt and his story :)
,Recommended,292030,25114139,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Boomer,"Where do I start....Graphics fantastic 9/10Gameplay Adictive 10/10Storyline Explosive 10/10Music 10/10Overall score 9/10.Without a doubt ""The Witcher Wild Hunt"" hits my top game list of all times.With over 300+ hours played so far I have done every quest (side) main, all the dlc's, and  completed gwent all both 2 times over replaying my saved charater file currently at level 80.The music is amazing and has some really memorable tunes that get stuck in your head.Gwent is such a great addition to the game which flows very well, and can be very addictive once you grasp the concept making you want more and more each time you play it!If you get stuck in, and want to collect all the cards like myself you are looking at another 10+ hours just looking for them (without a guide).So the million dollar question is would I recommend this game to everyone?Hell yeah! this game is worth the money, and timeThis is a game that needs to be played and not avoided. :)"
,Recommended,292030,22422132,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,All Father,"Beautifully made, engrossing and rich story, active mod community; What's not to love? I definitely recommend this game. I made my gramma play it! She loved it! 20/10"
76561198046188880,Recommended,292030,33144919,Posted: 2 July,all,zayedxm,best game ever 10/10
,Recommended,292030,27302344,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Icreaka,2+ years later - still amazing as ever
,Recommended,292030,30508689,Posted: 14 March,all,ZetoMorphic,There is a reason it won all those awards...just saying...the best rpg of all time
,Recommended,292030,33024990,Posted: 29 June,all,Saucy Dangles,"This is truly one of those games that sets the mark. Words cannot describe how absolutley breath taking this game is. Amazing graphics, voice acting, music and story. The quests don't just feel like the typical RPG style. The Witcher 3's level of immersion is incredible. The only other games that made me really feel like I was part of its world like Witcher 3 does were Metro 2033 and Metro Last Light. CD Projekt Red has paid an outstanding level of detail in this game, it's mind blowing. Honestly, the Witcher 3 is basically the Game of Thrones of video games, as Angry Joe put it. 100/10, buy this game, you'll love it."
76561198024134594,Recommended,292030,24939033,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,AKHΣ,The best game ever made.
,Recommended,292030,32736537,Posted: 24 June,all,LucasTheCookie,"Don't try hard mode you'll instantly die to some ♥♥♥♥ing ghouls, otherwise it's pretty cool"
76561198065223114,Recommended,292030,32864897,Posted: 27 June,all,» Witcher «,"Fantastic Story, Great Gameplay, Beatiful Graphics."
76561198076685792,Recommended,292030,32950817,Posted: 28 June,all,Rastaphel,I've heard great things about this game for a very long time but was always hesitating on making the purchase. During these sales I finally decided to get it and haven been hooked on it completely. I'll be sure to have a great time and play this game to it's fullest.I defenately recommend it for anyone who's into RPG's aswell as singleplayer games.
,Recommended,292030,26268077,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,C-GTK,很棒!
,Recommended,292030,28920005,Posted: 1 January,all,Delara,"No comments...one of the best games ever made. Thanks for creating this masterpiece, CDPR."
,Recommended,292030,23509076,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,ObeseSausage,This game is Zelda but with blood and gore and boobies with Mass Effect RPG Elements. Bam a ram bam bama raaaaaaaam.10/10 would let all the succubus' live.
,Recommended,292030,22633736,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,KONG [D..R>F>],Hey. Buy this.I LOVE THIS GAME!
,Recommended,292030,21501807,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,FelixThump,Worth every single penny.
,Recommended,292030,17956879,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Karnalsyn,"This game is an open world RPG fans wet dream.Based on fantasy novels by a Polish author Wiedźmin, this game is set in a location called Temeria. You follow the life of a Witcher, killers for hire that specialize in the removal of monstrous and supernatural threats that roam the land. Raised from childhood in Witcher schools. These children are trained in the art of sword combat, alchemy and magic in the form of signs. Tools utilized to defeat the many threats that you'll be facing. You continue the journey of a particular Witcher named Geralt in this game, as you wrap up his trilogy.There is so much that you can do in this game that it can be overwhelming at times. Quests that turn into 3-4 other quests. Quests that lead you into areas with new quests. Collect treasure maps to locations of special schematics for weapons and armor. Collect materials to craft and upgrade these weapons and armor. Gather herbs to concoct potions needed for healing or to enhance your senses or abilities. Find places of power to help further your skills as you progress deeper and deeper into a skill tree system that lets you choose whether you want to specialize in melee combat, potions or signs. Compete in Gwent tournaments, a collectible card game which serves as The Witchers mini game. Collect all the cards a La Pokemon style of roaming the land to find other Gwent players and beating them for their cards. Take on monster contracts for people in desperate need of your assistance. Hunt and Track powerful monsters to their den. Make decisions that may very well change the course of your playthrough. All this and more as you attempt to save a loved one from the impending doom of The Wild Hunt, a spectral army seeking to use this individual to their own advantage.Fully voiced over. Beautiful locations. Night and day cycles. Bustling towns and cities. Impressive weather effects. Gorgeous foliage and landscapes. Far draw distances. Great textures and animations. And an amazing set of sound effects and musical scores. This game is pleasure to the sense.I was just under 100hrs played in this game when I beat it, and I've still so much more I want to do. NG+ is now also a feature added, among the 15 other pieces of free DLC the devs have given the players in this great package of a game. With 2 expansions coming that are rumored to add another 30hrs of game play, I expect to be back in the land of Temeria again soon.Highly, HIGHLY recommend you give this game a shot."
76561198002623094,Recommended,292030,32863295,Posted: 27 June,all,Josh,Amzaing game one of the best i've played in many years. story = amazing   combat = amazing
,Recommended,292030,32621770,Posted: 21 June,all,wXzu,I wish I could erase all of my memories about this game just to start over again and feel it's atmosphere
,Recommended,292030,27107471,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr. Jefferson,Amazing game 10/10
,Recommended,292030,32872481,Posted: 27 June,all,penguinzs,"The Witcher succeeds where many other open world titles haven't, it offers a fantasy world that is truly detailed and immersive. Instead of being a marathon of collectables and fetch quests, the game offers detailed and interesting quests and side quests that branch off into story arcs and multiple endings which present themselves as moral dilemmas which are never truly black or white.There are hundreds, if not thousands of hours of content. Outside of the mein quest, there are treasure hunts, armour hunts, boxing tournaments, horse racing tournaments, card tournaments and more.You could even play the game for hours simply exploring the beautiful and unique architecture and landscapes of the fantasy genre from the haunting marshes of Velen to the sprawling meadows and vineyards of Toussaint, the game truly captures the imagination beyond any other game I have played.The quality of the voice acting, cutscenes and soundtrack are all greatly cinematic, surpassing even Hollywood big budget movies. I could listen to the soundtrack for hours on end, it includes some of the most beautiful compositions if music I have ever heard. It is a truly excellent game and you will fall in love with the charming cast of characters.I would say that it is without a doubt one of the greatest games ever made and the best £20 I have ever spent."
76561197978124742,Recommended,292030,25254163,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Islif,Simply an amazing achievement in video game design.Do yourself a favour and experience this ASAP!>GWENT<
76561198020598179,Recommended,292030,27270560,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,( ; . ;),Good stuff 10/10 + 10 more .
76561198098817605,Recommended,292030,27736459,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sqish,Is it really necessary to add something?
76561198136445943,Recommended,292030,32101107,Posted: 31 May,all,Galileo007,"Simply the best d*** RPG I have ever had the pleasure of playing.While the Witcher 3 is loved for it's gameplay, shocking beauty, and design, I love it for somthing else. It truly showcases what humanity is like. There is fear, hatred, racism, and the true effects of war. Nothing else has that level of realism, and this game legitimatly feels...lifelike. Like all of this could have really happened.This is the most human representation of humanity I have ever seen. From ANY medium, not just games. And from ANY genre, not just fantasy.CDPR needs to take a bow."
,Recommended,292030,23224659,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Uprise,"I honestly don't usually waste my time writing reviews. But this game's different. Before I got my gaming PC I played most of my games on the Xbox One. And thats what I did with this game at the time. However I got bored quickly and stopped playing the game. But once I had my PC I knew I wouldn't let this game pass me by because of the extremely high ratings on steam, higher framerates and better graphics. So I got the game and started playing. Once I had reached the part that I reached when I played on Xbox, I wasn't sure what to do (as the main reason I stopped playing on Xbox was the fact that I wasn't sure what to do during a certain part of the game (family matters)) But after some faffing aroud I found out how to continue.The more I played this game, the more attatched I felt to the characters in the game, and by the time I was nearing the end I wasn't even playing for fun but for the insanely good story of Geralt by CD Projekt Red. I honestly think this game has the best story in a video game (that i've ever played at least). I rate this game a solid 9.5/10. The only reason I won't rate this 10/10 is because I don't think ANY game can TRULY be 10/10 and every game has flaws. Get this game even if your not into RPG's (like me)."
,Recommended,292030,31736962,Posted: 13 May,all,HayateHe,"我还能怎么说？这游戏已经被评为年度游戏了，美丽的景色，动听的音乐，出色的人物模型，虽然除了主角们的人设都是那几张脸，风骚的战斗系统，当然还有让你赌瘾大发的昆特牌了，这些都是让游戏风靡全世界的优点。而且游戏的优化也很好，更何况还出了年度版，大大降低了游戏的花费，让玩家可以放心的购买这款3A大作，还在等什么呢？不要犹豫了，赶紧去找你的特莉丝和叶奈法吧。还有，记得在菜单栏的可下载内容里把三位女主的人物模型，也就是衣服给换了哦，DLC最良心了。最后在你们游戏通关后，记得也来陶森特公国的葡萄酒庄园喝一杯呦，顺便再给我讲讲你的冒险故事吧。What else can I say? This game has been rated as the game of the year, the beautiful scenery, beautiful music, great character models, although in addition to the protagonists are set a few faces, sultry combat system, and of course the Gwent cards that make you gambling addiction attack. These are the advantages that make The Witcher 3 be popular in the world. And the optimization of the game is also very good. Moreover it came out the game of year edition and has greatly reduced the cost of the game. This could let the players  rest assured to buy such a 3A masterpiece. What are you waiting for? Don't hesitate, go and find your Triss and Yennefer. Also, remember to put the three women's figures in the downloadable content of the menu bar, which is the change of clothes.The DLCs are the most conscientious that I have seen. Finally, when you finish the game, remember to drink a glass of  wine in my wine estate in Toussaint, and tell me about your adventures."
,Recommended,292030,15895427,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Joker,It's simply the RPG you've always waited for. Period.
,Recommended,292030,32090710,Posted: 31 May,all,FleeingNevada,"A perfect game. Already completed it once on both the Xbox and PS4, and now on another playthrough on PC. Endless amounts of exploring, some of the best writing in videogame history, beautiful locations brimming with life, and one of the most intriguing casts to any fictional work of art in years, The Witcher has it all."
76561198007501355,Recommended,292030,32094074,Posted: 31 May,all,A Fluffy Arse Hole,"Swords, beasts, fighting, blood, gore, action, Gwent and most importantly Boobs what is there not to like"
,Recommended,292030,28005787,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,sibirac,"THE BEST, best single player game there is. Was sad at the end, but there is always DLC's that are almost a new game them self. Big hooray for cd red project"
76561198219228776,Recommended,292030,23753918,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ChuMend,Best RPG ever! Best game ever!
76561197978384790,Recommended,292030,29103660,Posted: 7 January,all,H②O,The greatest RPG of 2016.
76561198020398354,Recommended,292030,26927731,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Picanha Grelhada,Best game of the century.
76561198085286443,Recommended,292030,15918597,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Strokumygoku,I like it.
,Recommended,292030,31666123,Posted: 10 May,all,Synthbent715,I wish I could erase my memory and then play it all over again.  201 hours just isn't enough.
,Recommended,292030,18388487,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,MemeMan (the Law Son),"To be honest, i love this game. but recently, performance dropped significantly. (I got 45-60 fps at 1080p, now have 15-20 fps at 1080p.)  I love this game, but my performance recently is unacceptable.EDIT: after 1.10, everyting works, and i can now give this masterpeice a reccomendation!"
,Recommended,292030,26694364,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,camelcloud,"One of my favourite games of all time. When you release DLC's that are better quality than certain triple A games, you're doing something right.Time to meditate until the release of Cyberpunk 2077."
,Recommended,292030,17377921,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Mymloch,"'Red Dead Redemption' had held the title for my favorite open-world RPG until 'Witcher 3'.  Not only is this a gorgeous world, but the story and character depth is astounding.  It's even spurred me to read the novels available in English (I've read 3 of the 5 that are available, and there hasn't been any sort of spoiler to the game at all).I am not the fastest at these types of games, but I am at 300+ hours of gameplay, and still on my first play-through.  The game is just the right amount of challenge (for me, at the highest difficulty) with just the right amount of story pay-off.One could easily start making comparisons with 'Skyrim' and 'Red Dead Redemption', but even with Skyrim's extensive Elder Scrolls world lore, the story of Geralt of Rivia will hook you quickly and you won't easily turn away... not that you'll want to.BUY IT!!!"
,Recommended,292030,20079944,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Prince-Of_Darkness,"Well I have this on GOG And i was so addicted that i actually bought another copy on steam sale .Kudos played like 4 times still gives chills ,Witcher 3 never fails to surprise"
76561198095897137,Recommended,292030,28081389,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,MysteriousEnigma,"It’s critically acclaimed, why are you reading my review? (Play it on Death March you will learn the game mechanics faster)"
,Recommended,292030,31806326,Posted: 17 May,all,azk12,This is the only game that you must never ever torrent. NEVER!!!
,Recommended,292030,31593234,Posted: 6 May,all,PickleRick,"Well written ambitious RPG that has a lot of intriguing quest,dialouges and great lores,Also look forward to make a lot of choices between the ones which affect the story and not so so,not worth the time to think.Expect a really long gameplay time for Action RPG lover and there is even a minigame which is card battle game.Its totally recommendable game However the combat gameplay in my opinion so far Im playing isnt difficult and kind of linear and lack of variety even at Blood and Broken Bones Difficulty,Simple crafting system without much grinding is also great point to this game because grinding in this game is so hard after the recent patch (Tips for sets item: various of The schools set armor and weapon),Other cons I found is The menu management system is kind of annoying especially for gamepad users,But afterall considering my own experience in the game so far this game is amazing nonetheless. IGN 9/10"
76561198021581932,Recommended,292030,22327089,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,BrightShadow,I love this game and I know Im not the only one!.)
,Recommended,292030,22377229,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,SHR,"What could I say that wasn’t already said?Even the side quests have good writing.And everybody should play this game with mods.And the story is great, I didn’t feel sadness by a game’s ending since the ending of (Telltale’s) the walking dead game 1&2.I can’t believe I will not see myCirilla Fiona Elen RiannonAgain."
76561198036396534,Recommended,292030,22357103,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Da_Kapikulu,"I usually don't write any reviews but for one of the best games I've ever played it feels like a duty to me doing at least that bit of support by writing this short review.There aren't many words to descipe the world of the Witcher but to keep it quick and short:The large open world combined with this great story results in a thrilling gameplay. Once you've started you won't stop until you either reach the end of the story concluding all dlc's or you've been forced to stop due to Witcher not working anymore. It's like Skyrim, a masterpiece that you will never forget to have played.In my opinion it's not just game of the year 2015 - it is much more than that."
,Recommended,292030,22335218,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,dy,这是我最喜欢的游戏之一，非常荣幸能玩到这么好的游戏，期待赛博朋克2077！
,Recommended,292030,22364079,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,KumoKumo,"What an amazing game.As a fan of the novels, this was an exceptionally awesome experience. The voice acting, graphics, music.. They bring the world of the Witcher novels to life. While not everything is exact as the books, this game does a phenomenal job of telling the stories of the characters.Geralt of Rivia's story will be over, once Blood and Wine is released. But what a story it's been. I'm a particular fan of Ciri, both in the novels and the game itself.Another thing is just the scenery. I could spend hours treking around Kaer Morhen, and exploring the isles of Skellige. The music, even when you're just walking around the streets of Novigrad or roughing it through the forest, fits every location perfectly.Good luck on The Path, Witcher."
,Recommended,292030,22371840,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Tezslah,WTF are you doing? Play this game!
,Recommended,292030,25347872,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Arctraz,Best rpg ever. Got nothing more to say. Buy it.
76561198009173518,Recommended,292030,16039095,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Something completely different,"All hail Gerald of Rivia! Slayer of Dragons, Hags, Griffins, Ghosts and saviour of grandmothers frying pan!(The game is brilliant, do yourself a favour and get it)"
,Recommended,292030,17528332,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Dredile,"Absolutely hands down my new favorite RPG I've ever played. Setting a new standard when it comes to not only the most intricate side quests of an rpg so far, but also every other mechanic of the game has been expanded to a new level. With an engaging, dynamic story nothing ever plays the same and every choice matters. 10/10"
,Recommended,292030,22836172,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Aang,"Amazing game, with stunning visuals, epic storyline and easily one of the best games of all time. This game is actually worth every single dollar and is highly recommended you try it if you can run it. Only change that i would make to this game is making the storyline longer! 10/10 just an overall masterpiece of a game ^_^"
76561198142714359,Recommended,292030,31705592,Posted: 12 May,all,AverageGamer85,One of the greatest games of all time.
,Recommended,292030,25338375,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Sioncess,best game ever !
,Recommended,292030,28843083,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,"""NEM""_BaronAngel",Awesome game in every aspect!Overall Gameplay 10/10Combat 10/10FIghting 10/10Environment 11/10Soundtrack 10/10Plot 10/10ITS A MUST BUY GAME!
,Recommended,292030,28845116,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Crispy1961 !!ARTxolotl,"Not only a GOTY, but a game of a decade. Rightful place in top 5 RPGs of all time.No DRM, Free DLCs, 2 Large expansion DLCs, huge emphasis on community feedback for updates.Finally a game that deserves your money, too bad the story is over."
76561198332700594,Recommended,292030,28772875,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Geralt Is Waifu,Possibly the greatest game of all time. You don't need prior knowledge of the Witcher universe to play as everything is explained but this game will make you want to explore the universe even deeper. You will become immersed in the world and care about the characters
76561198356569916,Recommended,292030,32014341,Posted: 28 May,all,ceyhunalkilicgil,"I've played this series for the first time and i can say it is totally 10/10. Lots of side missions, contracts and rich story.Definetely recommended."
,Recommended,292030,23281851,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,The-Lost-Demon,No words to describe this game.A masterpiece in gaming history. Buy it if you like action and/or RPG games.10/10- it's going to be hard to surpass this one
,Recommended,292030,32620969,Posted: 21 June,all,earthjerks,best game of all time
76561198007830220,Recommended,292030,23741900,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,P-J-Salt-EZG-,Simply the best game I have ever played.
,Recommended,292030,23758345,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mad_Will,"Margarita Laux-Antille: ""I just realized that off all woman on this ship only you, Ciri and me didn't have sex with Geralt.""Phillipa Eilhart: ""Don't worry, I'm sure it's only a matter of time in your case.""Best game ever 100/10!!!"
76561198031046508,Recommended,292030,29976629,Posted: 16 February,all,Scrotum Smasher,I love this game. I get so distracted doing side quests and witcher contracts that i often find myself forgetting there is a main story.
76561198070567106,Recommended,292030,25282333,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Deepak677,One of the Best games !!!
,Recommended,292030,33151935,Posted: 2 July,all,rbanerjee96,Phenomenal...!!
,Recommended,292030,27090546,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wyeck,Possibly the best fantasy open world RPG ever.
,Recommended,292030,26915612,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,It's a Crime,Hands down best RPG game of the last decade! This is what other RPGs should aspire to be.
76561198021248048,Recommended,292030,28920727,Posted: 1 January,all,Exile,"I put off playing this for so long - I play a few MMORPGs and didn't really think I had the time to put into it. Then the Steam sale came along and I picked it up anyway (STEAM SALE!! WOOOO!)Anyway - I'm so glad I took the plunge, I've barely dipped my toe in it and already I'm captivated by it. It really encourages you to learn about the world (where to find certain plants to make into oils, what oils work best against which monsters etc). You rarely see a game that makes you learn the same stuff that the character actually learns.It all adds up to a world that feels so incredibly alive - victory can be hard fought, but with every victory you really feel like you've done more than button mash/thrown yourself against a wall until you get lucky.A smart Witcher lives a long time, a smarter Witcher when to run away ;)An amazing game - pick it up if you like rpgs/engrosing narrative/swordplay/fantasy/sassy main characters10/10"
76561198074373181,Recommended,292030,29762740,Posted: 7 February,all,Turin,"Could write down lots of things about this game. However I will try to explain my experience in this game as short as I can.Amazing lore story as we now from books and back in other games but in this game storytelling is the best way you can get. When you playing the game its just like you are reading a novel that drives you in to that world.Massive world and multi-maps that you can go freely everywhere you want. Especially city of Novigrad puts you into a real medival city that has a lot of things going on in it.Superb grafics and gameplay, combat is not repetitive it is always interesting, you have to use different methods for every enemy you face. Its not like you rush in and kill everyone in your way you have to use different tactics sings, potions, boms etc.Lots of different choices in dialogues and the choices you make effects the storyline. The little thing that you did not care about in this game can effect a bigger part in the stroy thats the most beautiful thing about this game.A lot more I can say about this game but long story short. The best game I've ever played. 10/10"
76561198073771982,Recommended,292030,33163236,Posted: 2 July,all,JumpyDoughBoy,25 hrs in at the moment.... And its an ultimate blast combat and visuals are absoulutly great and dont forget about the story possibly one of the greatest in gaming history.
76561198053777331,Recommended,292030,32210089,Posted: 5 June,all,MadStarkAven,"*Disclaimer - played through on GOG and completed the entire game (including DLC) twice (240 hours)The game of this generation, the only reason not to buy this game is because you can't afford it. The only person missing out if you don't get it is yourself.I've bought this game twice because CD Project Red deserve my money again for making such a complete and beautiful game full of content, a masterpiece of a story and with non of the BS tripple A DLC, microtransactions, and incomplete garbage we all have had to endure from EA, Ubisoft and Activision.10/10 - A near perfect game, would 110% recommend and buy againP.S. if you don't like this game, a part of your soul is probably missing."
76561198036029032,Recommended,292030,33017747,Posted: 29 June,all,Amonopoly,"All aspects of the game was above and beyond my expectations.  Even the minigame, Gwent, was ridiculously well made. The characters and side quests were all interesting. I find it a pleasure to think about morality in the game, where suffering is caused more by other humans than by monsters. I was happy until the ending of Blood and Wine expansion. I always try to be just and fair yet I got the worst outcome possible. I somehow feel that the ""bad ending"" was the correct ending, where karma justly punished the unbalanced, the wicked, and the stupid. 9/10"
,Recommended,292030,32881326,Posted: 27 June,all,Confused Canadian,"A complete masterpiece.When I bought this, I had huge expectantions because of the hype it gathered, but not only did it pass my expectations, it made question why I didn't buy this game earlier. There's nothing else I could have hope for. + Triss is bae ❤"
,Recommended,292030,23041425,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Wesley,This is the best game if have ever played.  I was never able to say i had a #1 game before as there was too many close options.  I have never enjoyed a game on this level like this.  The only problem i had is that there was soooo much to do i got off track of the story for quite some time.
,Recommended,292030,32773472,Posted: 25 June,all,Death T,5/5
,Recommended,292030,17228318,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,björkel,"It's a Masterpiece! 10/10Definetely the best game I'VE EVER PLAYED. Interesting characters, massive world, fantastic soundtrack and a great story that  kept me hooked for over 130 hours. If you enjoy RPGs and you haven't bought The Witcher 3 yet, you should!"
,Recommended,292030,27433777,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zito,"Simply amazing, one of the biggest and most well built rpg of all time. From the tiniest details to the huge world built around the lore this game delivers in so many ways, cannot translate how good of a game it is in a score or something like that. MORE THAN RECOMMENDED."
76561198111153530,Recommended,292030,23562413,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,D-Fixer,BEST GAME EVER! And now I actually hated myself for finishing this game. Why all good things must come to an end? WHY?!! WHY GODDAMMIT?!! @#$%^&
76561198286747771,Recommended,292030,27884880,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dr.Yaz,good story <3
76561198016605498,Recommended,292030,25933815,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Anubis,"I definitely recommend this game, don't listen to the bad reviews. BEST game ever. You are seriously missing out on an awesome game if you don't buy it. It is a MUST buy."
,Recommended,292030,27324285,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Stark,THE BEST GAME EVER MADE.
76561198001613338,Recommended,292030,27357019,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,i hate pigeons!,Just 5 more minutes.....300 hours passed....
76561198104764084,Recommended,292030,26949137,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,darthmenon,Game of the Decade !!!
76561198049230825,Recommended,292030,28677463,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,[LNG] King Leonidas,Geralt Walks into a portal holding his hands into his eyes to cover them walks into the portal says he hates portals - game crashes yeh geralt i hate them to
76561198077060633,Recommended,292030,29480004,Posted: 25 January,all,Pjuwy,"Best game ever, Im in love with this meterosexual guy Gary from Rivia"
,Recommended,292030,28996264,Posted: 3 January,all,etanovic,Best Game I've ever played!
,Recommended,292030,25620058,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,JellyRaven,"This game is amazing, it's so large and the story telling is fantastic. I haven't really been impressed with any AAA titles these past few years but Witcher 3 has really changed my view."
,Recommended,292030,28993548,Posted: 3 January,all,cheeki breeki,"if Far Cry 3 was Skyrim with guns, then The Witcher 3 is Skyrim with actual good game content. 10/10."
76561198030419219,Recommended,292030,29078890,Posted: 6 January,all,Knightgame15,"A game that can make you forget that you're thirsty, hungry or that you live another life besides that of Geralt's at all. Why you are even reading a review and dont already own the game is silly to me if you're a fan of RPGs"
,Recommended,292030,28962616,Posted: 2 January,all,Truckeris,"Definitely one of the best RPGs I ever played. The world design, character design, Main-story quests, side-quests,the awesome music and soundtracks, the spectacular graphics which makes you stop doing whatever your'e doing in-game and observe and appreciate the colorful world in awe and the lore , everything is perfect or almost perfect . This is a very short review so can't cover everything it will be very long, So lastly the gwent mini-game is so addictive that I spent hours in-game just playing that, the true meaning of a game within a game. And it shows the love the developers put into this game, playing through it makes it more obvious."
76561198120193600,Recommended,292030,23174940,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Francis Pritchard,Would donate kidneys to CD PROJEKT RED in gratitude for such a game.Sacrificed social life and built a shrine for this game. Ps. no rating can even describe how good it is.
,Recommended,292030,21825118,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Bill Nye,"Gotta make this review fast, i found 3 minutes i could stop playing this game and decided to write a review."
76561198239148430,Recommended,292030,22852833,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,THELITTLEOLDMAN,This game was the best game I've played since skyrim. Might be better than skyrim!
,Recommended,292030,23665919,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Twisted Emporus,"So basically i'm not a reviewer of games nor i know how to write a proper review but atleast i'll try to picture what i've experienced once when i arrived in some random town in Velen region.So my Steel sword broke after killing some Bandits for guarded treassure marker completion, i was like okay i need to go to this town to fix it because my sword does 1 damage and that's not good. Called Roach and went to this town. Walked up to Blacksmith and saw that this dude can play Gwent so i was like :- You're up for some Gwent?*Nods furiously few times*So i barely won and then he felt confident enough to ask :-YE SEEM TO BEH FOKIN' WITCHER, NO MAN IN THIS TWATPLACE CARRIES TWO SWOURDZ. YE SEE ME WIFE'S WHENCH   MUM PASSED AND TURNED INTO FOKEN HAG, NOW SHE BE STEALIN' KIDZ AND EAT 'EM THEN DRINK FROM THEIR SKULL. MAAASTIER WITCHUR WOULD YE BE WILLING TO KILL 'ET FOR US?I sat there astonished and accepted my contract because we we're friends after that Gwent round ( or so i thought )  for few pennies he offered. After some time went to this random hut after tracking some random footsteps. Drank few potions. Stroked my Silver sword with best oils i had ( like i stroke my shaft ) and went in. Skipped few uninportant dialogue lines with this Hag while she begged me to spare her and kill Blacksmith instead. But when i asked if she plays gwent she went ""A foken' what now"" i instantly cut her and her ugly hanging titts where they stood. Took her titts for ""Potions"" and her head as a proof of my kill, then went back to town. Approached Blacksmith, he paid me and after few ""AWWWWW THANK YE' MASTUR WITCHEEEER"" i went on my way onto next guarded treassure.Oh and i never fixed my damn sword but played some Gwent so that's good.So that's basically Witcher 3 : Wild Hunt. If you don't have it please buy it, you won't regret it."
76561198335251948,Recommended,292030,26304040,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,rgowshan,"Best story telling game with detailed graphics, open world is fascinating and lots of hours to play. One of the best games I played so far."
,Recommended,292030,29646217,Posted: 2 February,all,Daidaloz,"The best game I have ever played!It took me 156 hrs and two playthroughs to get all achivements, but definetly worth it! I enjoyed every second of this game!"
76561198116774543,Recommended,292030,33090327,Posted: 1 July,all,chenier.corey,"Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is one of the best games I have ever played. Imagine, you are walking through a village and all of a sudden you happen accross a bunch of people brawling. Well, you go over and investigate and learn that it is a fight club. You wager 100g that you will win. You go toe to toe and realize that you have 9 more fights before you get become champion. You spend half a day in fist fights and get to the champion.  Now, after completing this amazing side quest, with plot twist after plot twist... you return to the village to finish your witcher contract.The game is immersive and flows very well. Every decision matters. Some decisions are benevolent, some are pragmatic, some are manevelent. Sometimes, you can choose between good or evil. Sometimes, both are evil and you simply have to pick the lesser of.The main storyline is upwards of 60 hours, with the DLC's bringing the game to 70 Hours or more. With sidequests, you can expect to spend an entire summer casualy playing through this game. The replayability is so good that I went in two totally different directions on my second playthrough and it was as if it was a brand new game.10/10. I could not give a better recommendation for a game."
76561198016811279,Recommended,292030,23137390,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Ozzzzy,"This, fellow humans, is a true masterpiece.I'm sure this review will get buried fast, and everything has been said most likely.But if you haven't played this game yet for some bizarre and frankly incomprehensible reason , I urge you to get it.This game has it all.- Engaging and thrilling storyline- Side quests feel like main quests, they are that well crafted with just as much attention to detail- Precise and entertaining combat system (Whirl and Rend with Runewords (DLC) is just OP)- DLC worth every single penny (not to mention the size of it)- Tons of free DLC, showing other devs how it is supposed to be done- Lots of boobs- An open world so well crafted, Rockstar should take notes- Great atmosphere throughout the game, each area with its own back story- Epic soundtrack- Very interesting monsters and lore (speaking as a Character artist)- Did I mention boobs ?- Choices that matter and can have instantaneous consequences or a long time after making said choices- And I can go on and on ...It is no exageration when I say that CD PROJEKT RED is by far the best developer out there right now, especially when u realise that this is there 4th game ? The love they have for their work just oozes from every pixel and polygon in this game and I for one cannot wait when they drop Cyberpunk 2077 on us. But if they will need to delay release date because they feel it isnt ready yet, I'll be ecstatic, cause that means it'll be awesome.TL;DR - GET.IT."
,Recommended,292030,23528323,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Mustakrakish,"The Witcher 3 is one of the best, if not the best, RPG I've ever played.  Other developers should take note of CD Projekt Red's execution and polish.PROS:- Deep plot, rich lore, and sidequests with stories woven together seamlessly with the main quest line.- Challenging combat that relies on planning ahead and knowing your enemy as much as reflexes.- Memorable characters.- HUGE world to explore.- Gorgeous graphics.- Eargasmic soundtrack.CONS:- The last game in the Witcher series.- Over all too soon."
,Recommended,292030,23448144,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Fine,"Went in expecting another Witcher game to kill timeWhat I got instead was an adventure, an experience which has thus far never been achieved in a video game. In the earlier Witcher games I played as Geralt of Rivia, but in Wild Hunt I felt like I was Geralt. There was not a dull moment in what became a personal quest to find my daughter amidst political turmoil, sprawling war-torn landscapes, and the threat of the end of the world. The amount of effort and detail that has been put into this game is mind-boggling. No one quest is the same as the other, and the world is so rich with secrets and collectibles that I doubt I'll ever find them all. Combat is fluid and fun, with every battle being both skillfully and tactically challenging. Most importantly, the Witcher 3 succeeds as an open world game where most today seem to fail: making the world feel ALIVE. People chatter in muddy streets and sneer as you walk by. Winds howl and trees shake violently as storms approach. Night approaches quickly as the muddled  howls of beasts and monsters grow closer. The lands of the north are no sandbox; they feel like living, breathing places with their own fully explorable personalities.The Witcher 3 is by no means a flawless game, but it raises the bar for what can be achieved by video games and game studios, demonstrating that they are not just games, but experiences.11/10 a true masterpiece"
76561198130813711,Recommended,292030,23460276,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,spudnater,good game keeps the boredom at bay.
76561198073472922,Recommended,292030,23450554,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Lunken Perk,"Probably the best 60$ I've spent in awhile and the same with the DLC's. This game comes with alot of content like a main story, plenty of side quest, a good crafting system and a good skill system. Oh i forgot to mention the boobs, the game has plenty of those, so you get softcore porn, good story, over 100 hours of gameplay just in the main story and the DLC's could give you another 100 hours. So should you buy this game? yes, yes you should especially during the steam sale because you can get it for half off or get the bundle with the season pass for 55$. B U Y T H I S G A M E"
76561198077023301,Recommended,292030,23475103,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Mytch,"Decided to make this review after Geralt looked at a man who's head was crushed by a bookshelf and said ""always knew too much studying could kill you.""10/10"
,Recommended,292030,23460137,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Malvalone,"More you play other games, more you love Witcher 3. I hope one day I get amnesia so I can play again"
76561198098105814,Recommended,292030,23476515,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,MoonAppleSeed,"The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt is amazing. One of my favorite games of all time. The game is a fantastic piece of art. The world is big and deadly. Plus the world is visually amazing. The story is great and the DLC are great as well. And the best part of all, Geralt's beard grows..... IN REAL TIME.WOOT WOOT : )10/10"
76561198080728842,Recommended,292030,23447980,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,M. Corleone,"Well what can i say about this game, i have invested a lot of time on it, but it really worth it, the story is great, and the monster slaying is awseome, im a casual gamer but i really enjoy all the time i played this game, i've already purchased the dlcs so it will give me another 30 hours i guess, this game really worth its full prize but if you wait for a steam deal will be better, it is really a bang for the buck."
,Recommended,292030,32194488,Posted: 5 June,all,RoyalFrost,"The most intresting,The best looking,The greatest story,The most enjoyable combatGame I've played so far"
,Recommended,292030,33273151,Posted: 5 July,all,8Bits,"Finally, I have found my new favorite game!I finished the last DLC yesterday, and I must say this is surely the best RPG ever created. This review (or rather train of thoughts) is probably pointless, overwhelmingly positive reviews speak for themselves, but the game deserves every 'thumbs up' it can get and I feel I must get my excitement out.The world is incredible. It feels alive. Beautiful. Mature. When I first walked into Novigrad, my thoughts were: my wishes what a game should be like are fulfilled. The design, graphics, sound and interactions are superb. (another big plus - no loading when entering houses! Bliss). There is honestly no 'boring' place you can visit. I had my finger on F12 for nearly the whole game. And the world is large, especially with DLCs included. I really liked the diverse scenery, be it war-torn Velen, islands of Skellige or picturesque Toussaint. Diversity is name of the game, there are many different monsters you'll face, with numerous possible styles of fighting. I loved bruxas from Blood and Wine, they are absolutely terrifying. My preference was fast attacks (and dodging) with a bit of magic (Quen and Axii - in the DLC I switched to Aard because the new options with mutagens were too cool). There's also alchemy, oils and potions I found useful, but I didn't touch bombs. I know some people love alchemy aspect.Lets move to soundtrack and voice acting. Another job well done. The 'le le le' song (Silver is for monsters <3) while fighting really hyped me up, and relaxing tunes of Skellige made me ride Roach instead of using fast travel. Voice acting is diverse. Some farmers talk incoherent, educated are articulate, there are accents! Emyhr is Charles Dance! DLCs are on par if not even better.It shows the world was build beforehand, in the form of books by Andrzej Sapkowski. It may not be true to the letter (I'm reading it right now!) but the story is sublime. Again, both of the DLCs do not fall in quality and are absolutely worth picking it up. (my favorite quest is actually from Hearths of Stone – the wedding bit). The cut scenes really help the narrative, plus it gives you an oppportunity to grab a pretty screenshot. As for the choices: they matter.  You can clean the abandoned village of bandits/monsters and the people will come back, together with a merchant. You chose to spare some monster a guild was trying to kill? There are posters around smiths, warning to charge you more. And, of course, the main story. I got 'lucky' and got 'good' endings, both in main game and in the Blood and Wine. Be careful and think as in real life. It's supposed to be immersive. Do you love someone? Act like it. If you play Hearts of Stone before you complete the main story, one individual may give you some good advice at the end…There are, of course, some minor annoyances I found. Swimming underwater was clunky, Roach spawning on worst possible terrain, getting stuck behind a bucket while fighing, Geralts beard cutting trough clothes… Nothing is perfect, some quests may teach you that. All in all, the Witcher 3 with all of the content is absolutely 10/10. Games do rarely produce strong emotions and this is one of them. Thank you CD Projekt RED."
,Recommended,292030,27675344,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,your TRUSTED DOCTOR,"Deep Storyline: PRESENTGood Character design; PRESENTSeveral non-trivial side missions: PRESENTGood Weapon upgrade system: PRESENTBase Upgrade system: PRESENTPvP-like system between bases: PRESENTWell tought stealth mechanics: PRESENTcollectables anime pinup posters: PRESENTNothing to say, simply one of the BEST game out there!"
76561198077813503,Recommended,292030,33085675,Posted: 1 July,all,MonkeyWon,Highly Recommended.
76561198029314798,Recommended,292030,28911972,Posted: 1 January,all,shadow747,Best rpg till date. Story full of twist and turns. Great experience and then great dlc's to finish of the story of Geralt. Last main quest really showed developers heart in true story telling and how to conclude Geralt saga :)
,Recommended,292030,33287967,Posted: 5 July,all,savage panda™,i dislike all the filler between each gwent game but otherwise very fun. recommended.
76561198045868415,Recommended,292030,23030410,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Caughtsolid,Best RPG game I have ever played.
76561198004993379,Recommended,292030,27185006,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Arrodox,"Felt empty inside when i finished the game with both its dlc's, perfect story relatable characters a beautiful environment to explore and beautiful ladys. Never ever have i seen such variety in a game, it never got boring. Also the music is very good from tense battles to exploring the fields of Ard Skellig. Combat is much improved since witcher 2 and i was really impressed by how fluent the animations are both in combat and out. Finally it was embarrassing that in the witcher 2 u couldnt jump so im happy to see they implemented this in witcher 3.The only downside i found was if u do the main quest too fast u cant complete all side missions so i accidentally failed a couple.I wish i could erase all memorys and relive this one time experience again 10/10 perfect game and sets an example for future gaming. Hopefully we will see more Geralt in a few years."
76561198049030924,Recommended,292030,23015679,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,SuperSaiyanSwagger,Yen told me she likes the beard. Didn't shave the beard the rest of the game.10/10
,Recommended,292030,27502049,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dantes,Best game ever. 10/10
,Recommended,292030,26889267,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Overdox,One of the most amazing stories I have ever seen in game. The game have sucked me in so badly I couldn't sleep at night... Game of the decade. Hands down CD Projekt Red. You've done it better than I could have ever imagined it.﻿
,Recommended,292030,25859524,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Railgun of Science,Why are you reading my review? Go buy the game and play it already.
,Recommended,292030,25864065,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,AnimAspect,"I haven't enjoyed a game like this in almost a decade. It honestly feels like it shouldn't be possible. A world that feels alive and not stapled together out of assets and fetch quests. A story full of characters I couldn't help but care deeply about despite missing novels worth of backstory. Gameplay that seamlessly flows from story to exploration and to combat. Instead of trying to list everything that's great in this game I'll just say this:For the longest time there was an impossible game in my mind, a mixture of nostalgia and a rose tinted childhood playing Final Fantasy. The Witcher 3 is that game."
76561198158800332,Recommended,292030,25893952,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Koki,Best. game. evaaaaaaaaaa. enough said!
,Recommended,292030,26200555,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Dys,"Pros:- immersive world, a lot of exploration to do- rather grim and touches on topics many game dev would find undesirable (baby zombies, questionable choices, etc.)- world excellent on medium settings for plebs like myself (looks very pelasing in those settings as well)- a lot of free customizable DLCs- RoachCons:- I don't have a better PC to drool on ultra settings- you can't becom a werewolf (yes,yes not a -real- con, just my wish!)- that this is last installment of witcherAll jokes aside, this game is excellent in my oppinion. Due to financial pickle I waited for a discout and bough it then but unless your finances are down the drain and you can afford the full price, I'd say yay. Really good game, really good developers as well, updates coming even year after the release. Just praise, really."
,Recommended,292030,29884821,Posted: 12 February,all,Faber,Best RPG to date ! Every sidequest feels handcrafted.
,Recommended,292030,29497330,Posted: 25 January,all,Taktykal,This game is awesome. period.
76561198196564710,Recommended,292030,21934239,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,BiscuiTx2,LOVE IT!
,Recommended,292030,20177111,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Lame Mammal,"The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt easily deserves all the praise it has received since its release.An amazingly beautiful game world full of interesting locations, characters and monsters. I've never been so immersed in a game. The game just drags you in with its solid gameplay and promise of adventure and action.The developers of this game should be extremely proud of themselves, their approach to their customers with free DLC and consistent updates is just brilliant.This is game of the year material and it has set a new standard for open world role-playing titles.The Witcher 3 has taken a spot in my personal 10 best games of all time list.I highly recommend you try this game. Its an experience that you will never forget.EDIT: Due to this game, I started reading again. The Witcher books are amazing and I suggest reading them if you liked this game."
,Recommended,292030,20143019,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Mr.StinkFinger,This is what it must feel like to be addicted to crack..I havent slept in days i need help.
,Recommended,292030,20098090,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Fatty Fat Fatman,Press E to Ignite.Press E to Extinguish.Repeat.
,Recommended,292030,20450741,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Vincent,"I usually really dislike singleplayer games (aka get bored really quick), however, with this game I am positively surprised by the content. This game has great performance&graphics, the story is great and I love the different quests."
76561198033380068,Recommended,292030,20616591,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Piece0fWork,"Just Wow, This game will leave you with the same feeling as if its the first time you fell in love. Then when it ends you want to cry question why your real life sucks so bad. This game was fantastic, this is my most loved game now. Buy and cry with me."
,Recommended,292030,24762568,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,omjegdørInatt,10/10
,Recommended,292030,16321053,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,War is our business,Must play.
76561197981199435,Recommended,292030,20737125,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Radmain,"Ok, so i never played the witcher (first one) And I even own it for some strange reason, i played 3-4 hours of the witcher 2, never could get a grip of it, and i thought to myself, why is that? And oh look, witcher 3 is on sale, fine, i got it, bought it, and left it on the shelf, then, i started it up, thought, meh what could go wrong, eh, just refund it if it's bad....OK, WHERE THE HELL CAN I PLAY MORE GWENT, WTF, MORE GWENT NOW.SERIOUSLY, GWENT.GWENT.GWENT.I HAVE A PRETTY AWESOME DECK.Ok,I wish i played the witcher 1 and the witcher 2 before i played this...this is quite possibly one of the best games i've played, it's funny, dark, cruel and down right comedy at times, and most of all, it has Gwent.GWENT!!!!!"
,Recommended,292030,20830034,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,AladdinHasCocaine,It's the most beautiful thing.
,Recommended,292030,18675691,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Einarr Tyrsson,"JUST WOW!so far i have murdered half the beastiary of all known fantasy sorts, won loads of top trumps, caused one guy to hang himself, shaved my beard  and slept with 8 different tarts and not caught the clap!!!theres so much more this game has to offer but being only 50 hours in i think im about 20% throughextremely happy with this buy well worth the 50 quid"
76561197971543337,Recommended,292030,23330472,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,scootor,"As others have foretold:If you trully value all those dear to youAnd know not of the Witcher\'s lureThen quest now into this land of honeyBut bewarned!The grasp of the Witcher is strongLoved ones shall depart, and weep your lossBut still you remain, entranced by the game."
,Recommended,292030,23218943,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,sere,"Deus Ex can finally pass the torch.  For almost every reason Deus Ex was regarded best, Witcher 3 can now be and by the feat of doing so upon the daunting scale of change and increased complexity of video games over the past 16 years.  Every side quest in Witcher 3 is it's own little hand-crafted thing and vigilant attention to detail never wanes at any point in the game."
,Recommended,292030,17186191,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Stemot,"Fantasy RPG's are not normally my thing. I bounced off Dagan Age Origins and barely got out of the intro in Inquisition and although I played quite a bit of Witcher 1 I lost my save after a computer upgrade and never went back. So I really don't know why I bought Witcher 3 as I never expected to get along with it but this game is quite simply the best RPG I have ever played.Everything in this game has been beautifuly hand crafted with impressive attention and detail, from the rolling hills of the landscape to the sidequests which tie in with the main plot in different ways. The game is huge, I put in over 90 hours and have done all the side quests and main missions I could find but I know there are more than what I have done and that's without discovering all the points of interest in all the maps etc.There a few bugs but tbh when a game has this many systems playing of each other and huge quest lines that are woven together then things are bound to slip through but CDPR are patching often and they always support their games.I cannot recommend this game enough and it's my game of 2015 so far (which I thought would be Arkham Knight but we know how the PC version of that turned out) and am looking foward to playing the huge forthcoming expansions."
76561198006541362,Recommended,292030,16583703,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,stranger1982,"The Witcher 3 brings the tale of Geralt to an end and does so with a game of the highest quality, one that rightfully sits amongst the best rpgs of all time.PROS:-great graphics on characters, monsters and landscapes-amazing sound design, the ambient sounds (wind, distant monster roars, rain etc) are especially well made and make you feel truly inside the game world-fantastic voice acting-great soundtrack with the folk songs by Percival as the most notable highlight-amazing main story with a truly powerful ending questline-a metric ton of side quests, witcher contracts and loot hunts-meaningful story choices both during main and side quests-lots of loot to find and craft to suit your needs-excellent character progression with different trees to put your skill points in-Geralt of Rivia is an excellent lead character-lots of interesting and well rounded characters, both new and returning-a good amount of interesting and original monsters to fight-an expansive game world with lots of things to explore, hidden loot, unmarked quests etc-said game world truly feels alive thanks to the npcs populating it and acting their everyday lives out, the weather also changes constantly with wind howling in trees, heavy rain, gorgeous sunsets etc-the game sports a few moments of true art with a 5 mins long bard song and an opera play where you participate-gwent substitutes dices as the board game of choice in the game world and is actually an interesting and fun game in its own right-just as the previour games there's alot of pretty explicit mature content (sex, violence etc) firmly expressing how gritty and dark the game world is-despite sporting a serious and tragic story the game isn't afraid to also show some humour through npc quotes (from movies or memes), funny side quests or Geralt's dry brand of sarcasmNEUTRAL:-there is so much to do that sometimes it can be easy to lose yourself following a side questline or just exploring around: once you get back to the main plot or a quest you accepted a few hours earlier it might take a bit to remember what you're supposed to do and why-certain scenes might feel a tad too verbose for someCONS:-the combat can feel somewhat clunky, there's a certain inertia behind each move or strike and it never feels completely fluid or responsive: it's certainly an improvement over the first two games though-movement also feel a bit sluggish and lacks precision, especially if you're trying to finely control where you're moving/pointing: the turning circle feels too wide and underwater controls are awkward-AI can sometimes get stuck on scenery/objects during fights-inventory system is badly designed and cluttered, there's no way to sort stuff and finding what you need can be a bit painful considering the tons of different objects/crafting components you can loot-the horse you can use to get around is generally pretty glitchy and has a tendency to slow down or downright stop either when you collide with small scenery objects or just for no reason at all-the horse challenge rides are boring and just boil down to running as fast as you can then blocking your opponents by running into them while you recuperate stamina, there's no strategy at all: also the aforementioned horse controls can ruin your day-the map quest marker can spaz out a bit at times either pointing in the wrong direction or disappearing for a few seconds-an assorted array of small glitches like slight clipping on certain armor/objects, npcs repeating things over and over, slight model/texture pop-in, animations occasionally spazzing on certain npcs, too sudden weather changes etchttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=449657005Make no mistake Witcher 3 is a true masterpiece and the game the saga deserved quality-wise: the cons I've mentioned are blemishes made more noticeable by the fact they might at times slightly mar such an enjoyable and well crafted experience but none of them are game breaking .The game truly shines thanks to its engaging story, huge amount of content (took me 90 hours to finish), well written characters and its immense, believable world: a world that, thanks to its polish/slavonic influences is also original and way far from your usual generic fantasy realm.Everyone interested in deep and truly adult rpgs needs to play The Witcher saga from start to finish: this game is just a fantastic end to an already amazing saga.Hats off to CD Projekt."
,Recommended,292030,25628538,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,JAC-MAT-HAG,Why are you looking at the reviews? Buy it already! And Nominate it!
,Recommended,292030,15917138,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,DarkSol,"The Witcher 3 Reivew, a really long one...This game met every single expectation and surpassed it...The best game of all timeI wish I could just point to just one moment that completly explains my feelings while playing it...but there was so many moments.Every single interaction in this game is meaningful in its own way.unlike every other game, Witcher 3 doesn't give you a pleasant ending, your choices determine the ending. it can be happy or Tragic, or even Bittersweet...The music is one of the main reasons this game gives you chills while panning the camera along the landscape.The combat system is Perfect.The characters in this game are so interesting, The Game makes you want to know their stories, not because its your quest, but because you simply want to know more about them.The Game has very few flaws, but its so good that you forget all of its flaws...This is a Must play for any RPG players.10/10"
76561198043132204,Recommended,292030,27567868,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Crowley,Highly recommended for any and all kind of players - a true masterpiece of our time.
76561198337800482,Recommended,292030,30078061,Posted: 21 February,all,专心学习,Забавная играGood game
76561197976340921,Recommended,292030,23398615,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Varu'Astra,"39,517 reviews on Steam.  Overall.  Overwhelmingly Positive.Other developers need to take note of CDPR's business model.Respect the gaming community.  Respect the customer.  Don't insult their intelligence.  Love the game You are making.  Profit.Even though I intended to buy this on the PC/Steam, I still bought the full game plus season pass on PSN just to support the developer.  But I've also for some reason played it more on the console than on my PC.  Can't really tell a huge difference between maxed out PC settings @ 1080p and the PS4 version.The amount of respect I have for CD Projekt Red is unparalleled by any other developer.  They deliver over and over again, pure gaming perfection and quality.This game is surely an interactive computer entertainment masterpiece."
,Recommended,292030,23298952,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Mattathais,"No character creation screen. Just me, Geralt and Roach on the open dirt roads.11/10 would terrorize those chickens again."
,Recommended,292030,32090491,Posted: 31 May,all,Old JoJo,if you want to play a game for 18 hours straight and be glad you did it get this game
76561198033779397,Recommended,292030,20171188,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Zombie Lidah,demn!why i didnt play this game earliergame is ♥♥♥♥ing MASTERPIECE
,Recommended,292030,32067414,Posted: 30 May,all,LeaNielsen,"The only reason not to play Witcher 3 is the feeling when you finish the game, that nothing can compare to what you just experienced.The choices are very real. It's not choosing the good or evil path - it's almost aways about what you think is the lesser evil.I like the world. Not typical high fantascy - it's an ugly world with sexism, racism, predjustices and whatnot. This is part of what makes your choices anything but black and white.The mainquest is amazing. And so is the story of many sidequests.The DLC's are definitly worth buying as well."
,Recommended,292030,29591204,Posted: 30 January,all,JL,"One of my all time favourites and one of the few games I ever got 100% completion on (which took me well over 100 hours factoring in the two incredible DLCs). The world and its lore is huge and expansive and you require no prior knowledge of the previous 2 installment to get into the story. The graphics are gorgeous and every region has their own distinctive features that makes exploring a joy.Only con I can really say that this game has is that most of the quests are pretty repetative, mechanics wise. Say for the monster slaying quests, you get information about the quest, you investigate and follow a trail of evidence and you kill a monster. On the other hand, the stories behind each quests are very well fleshed out, offsetting the repetativeness.Finally, great characters as well as combat system that allows you to skill your character in a few different ways giving the game good replayability. Pace of levelling was just great as well and there is absolutely zero need to grind for anything in this game which is a great plus for a RPG (looking at you skyrim). Do yourself a favor if you're getting this game and get the two paid DLCs as well. Their storylines are amazing and from a greedier company, would have warranted two seperate games in their own right."
76561198056593659,Recommended,292030,28166043,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Kuro,They weren't lying about this being GOTY10/10 - well deserved
,Recommended,292030,18016864,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,TWONKUS,BEST RPG EVER MADE10/10
,Recommended,292030,23734120,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,artaxias,"Even though i've put more than a thousand hours in this game, i could still find some new things in my every playthrough. It's the only game that doesn't bore me despite a thousand hours, and i can still get the exact same taste that i got in my first playthrough. What a game man. What a game..."
,Recommended,292030,25521949,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Xen0bu,"A next-gen rpg done right. Over the top graphics with rich story and lore. They even have their own card game in case you ever wanted to rest from some epic monster slaying. The background feels absolutely immersive wtih npcs moving around giving reactions and monsters changing depending on the environment.Heck they even give you freebies with tons of free DLC. Their expansion packs (Hearts of Stone and Blood and Wine) are like, totally different games. This is what I call a true expansion pack, not some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ extra missions or OP armor sets for 12 bucks.Graphics wise, I'd think it's very well optimized and beautiful though I could not max everything (running on a GTX 1070@1440p). If you truly have the fire power, do turn on hairworks.. I only have it on Geralt's hair.If you ever wanted to feel like a true Witcher when fighting, I suggest you up your difficulty to Hard (Blood and Broken Bones) or Hardest (Death March). You will feel more rewarding in combat as you need to utilize everyting in your arsenal to defeat the monsters. From movements and skills to bombs and oils. Everything must be taken into consideration in order to either not get eaten by ghouls or a getting death blow by a swing of an axe from a dwarf.I have a lot of respect for companies such as CD PROJEKT RED. The game is so good, I feel ashamed buying it on a sale ;(The game has TONS and I mean TONS of waypoints, treasures, and hidden places to explore. As a completionist, I feel like I can never really finish this game.Not even half-way through the story line and already considering to buy the DLC.12/10 Absolutely worth buying at full price.EDIT: Bought the DLCs. So ♥♥♥♥ing worth it. Finished HoS, working on Blood and Wine."
,Recommended,292030,19467848,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Malichos,"As someone who heard good things about Witcher 3 I decided to pick it up when it was on sale and give it a go. I already have done a few playthroughs of Fallout 4 and wanted to play something else with a bit more depth in the story as well as a challenge. I've never played the previous titles but love open world RPG's set in fantasy worlds of which my previous favorite was Skyrim, until now. I am just so amazed at how well done this game is and really can see myself playing through this multiple times because there is just so much to do everywhere.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt really delivers a gripping story as well as beautiful art design and soundtrack that is perfectly scored to go along with every quest you dive into.There are hundreds of hours of gameplay, I have been taking my time with the story and one thing that amazes me is that even the most simple side quest is captivating, which blew my mind. I've never played any RPG where side quests had such great writing that it felt like it actually had important meaning.The world is constantly evolving around you, every choice you make in dialogue you wonder how that will change things later, and the choices you make actually do have meaning in the world and not just simply suggested as many other titles have done in the past.I decided to write this review before finishing the game just to emphasis to someone wondering as I did will it be worth picking up and the answer is a 100% yes.Pros:- Rich story, side quests, witcher contracts and the main story all are interesting, immersive and have such deep dialogue and cinematography that it leaves you in awe.  The dialogue options as well are really well done, everything you choose to do has some outcome good or bad, and changes the story progression in some way albeit small or large. You can't play ""evil"" per se, but you can take a lot of gambles on things that most games limit you to (ie Fallout 4 always pointing you in the same direction regardless of dialogue choice)- Visually the game is stunning, playing on even just high resolution, the people in the world look real. Animations in the face are superb and the voice acting is excellent.- The soundtrack has an epic feel and really pulls you into the world.- Combat is a challenge even on easy, you really need to know your foes to truly master being a witcher.-  The minimal amount of loading keeps you immersed, entering houses or caves require no loading which is very nice.- Your facial hair and hair can be customized and beard grows in real time! Very fun for those who like to RP- Gwent (the in game card game) is one of the most fun mini games I've had in any video game. It is challenging and you find yourself wanting to collect as many cards as possible. Not to mention other mini games like racing and brawling are fun too.- The game is adult, in all aspects. Especially the love situations in game aren't childish and treat you as an adult. The game is rated mature and isn't a cheesy mature title. Sexual situations in game aren't cringe or childish.Cons:- Movement can feel awkward at times, on horseback as well. Sometimes if needing to interact with an object or say a ladder to climb can pose a challenge.- No first person to look at the scenery better or view NPC's close up.- Combat is great, but the movement issues can sometimes hinder you in combat as well.- While the questing is great, I find myself outleveling areas because I am taking my time and by the time I do a handfull of side quests/witcher contracts I start to outlevel other quests and sometimes become even overpowered when its time to do the main quest.All in all these are some of my keynotes for this review, the game is excellent and I'd give it a 9.5/10 As someone who has played many RPG's this game is absolutely one, if not the best RPG in an open world I have ever played."
,Recommended,292030,16691074,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Flandre,"As the wind blows across the vast lands, I see my man Geralt standing straight in his armor, while he holds his deadly sword in an arm, his white perfect hair flowing against he wind in, his mesmerizing eyes and scar across his eye. He gazes across the mysterious, yet beautiful land, and only one thing comes across my mind when I see him this way: ""You are damn sexy as always.""In all seriousness, I have massive respect for this company and their games. Beautifully crafted world, a massive lore, endless quests, a driving-story coaster, and one of the most authentic graphics ever in a game. This is what a good $60 feels like."
76561198008651868,Recommended,292030,19417185,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Blood God Rising,"Well, well ... I think I post a review myself. Even though all is already said about this title. IT'S GREAT!!! No game has kept me this much occupied this year. Well written Story that will take you on a not always black and white road, very good Voice acting. very very well crafted ""open world"" which actually feels for the first time ever for me, filled with life. 10/10 will sacrifice Hannas sister always again."
76561198255947670,Recommended,292030,25215762,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,davevillz,Witcher3 > GTAV. Simple as that.
,Recommended,292030,22921643,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,CᵒʳᵈᵉᶫᵉᵖʰᵃᶰT,"Holy. Sh!t.Best game I've played since TESIV: Oblivion. Amazing story, breath taking graphics, Genuinely interesting characters, and the amount of free content you get with the game is astounding. By far the best developers I've ever seen. They deserve every bit of positive PR they get and more, as does this game.As for the Hearts of Stone DLC: The best DLC I've played since Shivering Isles for TESIV:Oblivion. Hearts of Stone DLC has a better story than any game I've seen in the last 5 years or so. You WILL love it. I can't wait for the Blood and Wine DLC to come out when it does.Overall, this game, and all the downloadable content, is worth every penny and more. The fact that CDPR doesn't charge more than $19.99 for their full sized DLCs can be described as nothing short of miraculous.11/10. Completely flawless."
,Recommended,292030,17934193,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,challe232,"This is my favourite game  that I've ever played. Geralt is amazing and everyone is perfect from the novels. So much to do and see, and I've never been so happy playing a game. Well optimized too, looks amazing even on my 670 gtx.<3 <3 <3"
,Recommended,292030,23396556,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,henryz,The best rpg game I've ever played
,Recommended,292030,16349126,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Doom,"A beautifully hand crafted game with a massive world and a massive story line that always keeps you interested and wanting more. The game's vast open world with quests and collectibles never feels dull or dead, along with an incredibly beautiful terrain rich with color and life, filled with scattered villages, bandit camps, caves, and powerful creatures. The game has many side quests, most of which will shape the world and the main story line depending on the choices that the player makes. The level of detail that is put into mere side quests is astonishing, with some taking the same amount of time as it would take to complete the main story line of a small-medium sized game. You'll find yourself wandering the world, completing quests yet you'll find that you've barely scraped the surface of the story that The Witcher 3 presents. The gameplay is polished and well-balanced, with fluid and exciting combat and an on-depth crafting and alchemy system.CD Projekt Red have excelled with The Witcher 3, creating the most incredible world I've experienced and a story that will get you hooked from the very beginning, along with incredible gameplay. The Witcher 3 sets a new, and incredibly high standard for both video games, and the RPG genre. This game could very well be the GOTY for 2015.Pros- Incredible visuals- Incredible and massive world- Engrossing story- Well-balanced and enjoyable combat- In-depth crafting systemsCons-None!10/10"
76561198003757941,Recommended,292030,25242394,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Cryptlc,Graphics A+Story/Quests A+Combat ACharacter progression B+All in all can say probably the best RPG I've played.
,Recommended,292030,22034609,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,kbitz,I have not played a better game.  This game is perfection!
76561197982824900,Recommended,292030,22872561,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Imperial X,"When you have a game that has 34 thousand positive reviews and 2 thousand negative, do you really need to bother reading anything else ? If you do, don't waste your time over in the negative review section. Those are written by people who have 700+ hours in CS:GO and think that is good gameplay.Not only are the graphics in this game amazing, but the story is as well. There are multiple endings to this game, which is fine and all but the journey to get there and the choices you make are the real stars of this game. Combat is improved a little over the previous games. The negative reviewers complain about how boring it is. It really isn't boring at all. You can block, dodge, parry.....among other things. You can mix and match skills how YOU want to play the game to your style. If you find combat in this game boring, your either playing it too easy or your just a lazy gamer who wants Elder Scrolls style clumsy hack and slash.One of the best parts of this game is that your a MONSTER HUNTER !! Who the ***k doesn't want to be a monster hunter !? and man are there so cool monsters.So put aside your MMOs and your boring repetitive online shooters and play this game. It will help you recall what Video games are SUPPOSED to be like; a amazing experience that can't be ruined by online trolls."
,Recommended,292030,28781737,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Fork ;},One of the best games I've ever played. Give it a bit of time to jump into the story and you won't be disappointed
76561198066503682,Recommended,292030,23573806,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Lobster Jesus,This game made me feel things.
,Recommended,292030,23674958,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,BattleRattle,"You play Geralt, a master witcher, a professional monster slayer. an emotionless outcast, mutated at a young age as a trial to become a witcher, Geralt is spat on and cast away to all except kings, and men with enough coin and problems to warrent a witchers presence. You will experience a truely immersive world, with moral decisions you make deciding the fate of Geralts surroundings. No other gaming experience has effected me emotionally as The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt has. It captures the sense of dread, sorrow, heartache, fury, and revenge. Piercing Geralt in the heart when all mutations tell him he shouldnt feel at all, and the overwhelming urge to keep fighting, to keep looking for her. Prophecies be damned.Now imagine losing someone important... Dispite what you tried you failed. Your life was altered and you didnt even realize what consequences your actions had... On my second playthrough, nearly 150 hrs into the game, i finally understood the morallity of my choices. I recalled losing someone in the game that brought me to tears, and in a overwhelming sense of dread, i put the controller down, i didnt want to progress and face this outcome again. When i did manage to get on that horse and ride to that quest which would assuradly lead to misery yet again, i was met with a overwhelming sense of joy. I changed the outcome. BIG TIME. I also found Geralt becoming more of a Master Witcher the second playthrough around. Alchemy and Magic joined the fight more often. With the exspansions allowing Geralt to grow stronger than ever. You will remember the journey you take as Geralt. Whatever that is you choose, to be. I cannot end without mentioning the soundtrack, which captures moments in the game, imprinting them in your memory. CD PROJECT RED and the Composers for the Music deserve to be looked at highly and with great anticapation of thier next work."
,Recommended,292030,27244750,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bad Karma,"This game is one of those milestone that can leave a mark into your gamer-soul.It is not without flaw (the combat system mainly is... just there, not great), but the storytelling, the acting and the graphic luxury give life to an enormous and complex setting, filled with characters and stories and tragic or comical stuff that happens all the time.It is something unprecedented and as close as a literary saga you can experience on a PC.It is beautiful to lose yourself into the game, but when you look at it from a distance after a while, only then you can understand what a masterpiece this is."
,Recommended,292030,26879421,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Doomsee,10/10 would pick herbs again.
76561198126157583,Recommended,292030,25582039,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,🎆CertainlyNotMike🎆,Amazing
,Recommended,292030,25279223,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Mans1ay3r,"Yeeeeaaahhhh......no don't even try playing this on a laptop...on my desktop however, this game is amazing"
,Recommended,292030,17973905,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,LeoPfae,Best game 2015 and one of the best games I have ever played. Great open world which feels very real. Nice main-story and sidequests. Well done CD Projekt red
76561198072363423,Recommended,292030,20335693,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,emiallday,One of the best games I have ever played !
76561198039251222,Recommended,292030,21593431,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Asbjornsen,This game is literally my life at the moment.Love it.
76561198079508146,Recommended,292030,19352566,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Abu Hajar,"Only one word to describe it, Masterpiece."
76561198073069132,Recommended,292030,19368552,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,KushWizard69,"The Witcher 3 [best game ever made]Geralt of Rivia's journey has been one with many great adventures - the civil war of the Scoia'tael against the Order of the flaming Rose, the impending threat of the Wild Hunt, the hunt for the Kingslayer - and it's now coming to a closure, as the Wild Hunt returns, seeking out the child from an old elven prophecy.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt continues the story of the previous parts, so my recommendation would be, to not play it without any knowledge about them.Looking back to the first part of the Witcher, a lot has changed since then, most prominently of course, the graphics and now with part 3 a huge open world to explore by foot or on the back of your horse ""Roach"".The combat system also got a slight upgrade compared to the second part and plays out smoother and more direct in my opinion.They've swapped the mini-game from part 2 with a card game called ""Gwent"". If you get the hang out of it and like card games, this one can be pretty addictive. I loved it :)Now, why do i think it's one of the best RPGs out there? Well, i guess it's the sum of everything.The soundtrack is beautiful the music in Skellige is the most beautiful sound I've ever heard, it's so good to the point that i downloaded it on my phone.The graphics are ♥♥♥♥ing stunning, I can't stop to admire all the work CD has done, the game gets me every timeThe story itself is captivating, with a lot of interesting sidequests as well.It has lots of interesting and lovable characters and i experienced the whole range of emotions throughout the game, from shock and sadness to bursting out in laughter. I also got very emotional with some of the characters and didn’t want to choose on over the other. But that's why you can replay and do some of the stuff you didn't do the first time around. The replay value is awesome.I had the feeling that all the love, passion and commitment really showed and was transferred into the game and onto the screen.Anyway, i think the game and also CD Projekt RED deserves the praise, as they created a great series, with an awesome third installment.The 2 big Add-Ons (i won't call them DLC, that would be a disgrace) are great as well and especially Blood & Wine is one of the best ones i played, adding another huge area, even more great characters, housing, a new Gwent faction and hours over hours of gameplay value.Of course, a game of such proportions is never without issues and bugs, but fortunately, i never experienced anything major.Sure, i had also some glitches and bugs or was stuck on a corner, not able to get onto Roach etc. but none of them couldn't be dealt with by saving and loading or restarting the game, so they were little annoyances and compared to the hours i've spent with the game, nothing of importance.10/10"
,Recommended,292030,16132767,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Guinness Elemental,"Why The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt has ruined Role-Playing Games for all Time.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, is a game which I can whole heartedly say, I both hate and love.I love almost every aspect of this game, from the beautiful simplicity of it's combat, making it easy to pick up and play after extended breaks, or after playing any other game with a more complex combat system; to it's wonderful and dense story, that manages to both be clear and engaging to both past fans, and those who have never played any of the past games.Everything from customization to the world itself, is phenomenal. A huge dynamic world, the sights of which make me never want to go outside again. Customization that allows you to hone your own way of playing while holding true to the character of Geralt.With humor and deep thoughtful emotion balanced so wonderfully, it makes me realize that every RPG I've played in the past falls short of the new benchmark this game has set.And that, is why I hate it.CD Projekt Red, have succeeded in making a game so enjoyable, so full and formidable, that it sits on a pedestal far above every other game in this genre.Let us only hope that more RPG's hold themselves to this same standard."
76561198027878315,Recommended,292030,22529044,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Sammy Gunz,"This is without a doubt the best and most well rounded game I've ever played. I struggle to find a single thing wrong with this game. It does so many things right, the story, the combat, the lore, the graphics, the sound, the sound track... Its amazing. No game I've played in the RPG genere comes close. And the fact that the developers are fairly small makes this game that much more remarkable. The game treats you like an adult with its story. Its pacing makes the game impossible to want to put down and stop playing. The difficulty of the game is great too, On Death March you have to plan your attacks and addapt to the enemies and use EVERYTHING at your disposal, its easy to get the hang of but hard to master, but when you do it's on of the most rewarding combat systems I've ever played. Theres so much more too, I just don't feel like writing an essay right now.TL:DR This game is a masterpice. Buy it."
,Recommended,292030,22512172,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,BBBD,Long♥♥♥♥♥♥game but rather than being filled with pointless fetch quests theres actually some story behind 90% of the quests and they feel more organic. If you like RPGs and havent played yet get on it now.
,Recommended,292030,22516018,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Late,good game.
,Recommended,292030,30338514,Posted: 5 March,all,Bardolino,just awesome
76561198098992375,Recommended,292030,30244506,Posted: 28 February,all,improvcrazy,"Hands down the best game I have ever played! Right now I have more than 200 hours logged, and I'm not even done with all of the side quests and DLC yet (though I did intentionally play slower to make the game last longer). The base game is incredible, the DLC's all add new, exciting characters, quests, and areas, and the story and characters draw you in so much you don't ever want to stop playing.One thing in particular that I love about this game is that I constantly feel torn during quests. They don't show you what is ""right"" or ""wrong,"" you have to figure it out on your own. Your choices really affect what happens in the game, which I think adds a lot of depth and pulls you into the world even more.Last thing I love about this game: I started with a sign (magic) build, but decided halfway through that I wanted to re-allocate my points into a combat build. Well, 2,000 gold and about 10 minutes later, I had a totally rebuilt character halfway through the game with no penalty in combat or stats for deciding to change!11/10, buy it right now. Don't even wait for it to go on sale. You'll regret the time you could have spent playing it."
,Recommended,292030,30264508,Posted: 1 March,all,Patron,Straight 10/10Nothing more to say.
,Recommended,292030,30259947,Posted: 1 March,all,SuicideChrist,The best game I have ever played. Wish i could forget about it and play it again :)the only game i have played that has left me feeling sad and empty inside :((in a good way)thx CDPR!
,Recommended,292030,26779080,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rias Gremory,The best game ever made.
,Recommended,292030,19740978,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Barry Soetoro,"By far the best Western-Style RPG I've ever played. The expansion was abosultely fantastic, advertised as 10 hours of content, I got at least 20-25 out of it, the next one is advertised at 25 hours so who knows what we will end up with. CDPR has stated that 2016 will be dedicated to the witcher so it sounds like we will be seeing at least a third expansion as the second is slated for early 2016. Also, huge props to CDPR as a company. I can't think of any other devolper that has evolved and grown between releases as much they have."
,Recommended,292030,30924231,Posted: 3 April,all,Big Uzi Vert,"This is my first review and probably the only one I'll ever write so here we go.The Witcher 3 is my favourite game ever. I am unable to find words to help me describe this game. The story is touching and extremly immersive, you will hop on it for half an hour and wake up three hours later. The graphics look beautiful. The controls are the only thing that's a bit clunky but they aren't horrible.+Roach is kinda dumb, but oh well.I seriously recommend this game. You will not regret buying it."
,Recommended,292030,27020187,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ashray,It's ok.
76561198004149508,Recommended,292030,21932592,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Glädjedödaren,"10/10, recommend."
,Recommended,292030,20729388,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,K I C S I F Ü T Y I 0 9,GAME OF THE YEAR !!!!! 10/10Positive:- story- characters- missions- graphics- voice- combat mehanicsNegative:-------------------------MasterpieceAnd it's also the best candle lighting simulator.
,Recommended,292030,17581691,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Stinlang,Best. Game. Ever.
,Recommended,292030,18461746,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Detonox,Definitely my Game of the year 2015. I just love this game. If you are not sure if you want to buy it i'll say: GO FOR IT!!
76561198155533497,Recommended,292030,30844970,Posted: 30 March,all,苏格拉底没有底,"well,just one question:will you find other Conscience game maker in the universe?"
,Recommended,292030,19324205,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,The Magic Potato,"This game is average.2/10. Not even worth playing for 30 minutes.j.k.But I loved this game so much. Even if you had never played The Witcher 1 or 2, this is still such an excellent game to play. Obviously with 111.6 hours clocked in on this game, you can tell that it is a lengthy one, and that is if you mainly only focus on the main story line. I admit, I did mostly the main story line with very little side tracking but even then there was plenty of play time. I still have all the side quests in the world to complete so you can easily get over 300 hours of play time from this game on your first playthrough if you just do all the extra side stuff that I didn't do. For instance, I know a lot of players spent a vast amount of time on just playing the in game card mini game; ""Gwent"". Unfortunately I did not find this card game as entertaining as most but it is still a very good card game, even giving Blizzard's ""Hearthstone"" a run for its money.What I loved most about the game:This is not just a ""hack-and-slash"" game. Where in a hack and slash game, your main objective is kill monsters your level, get loot that is better than yours, and then kill higher level monsters when you get leveled up. But in this game that is different; you can easily defeat monsters that are way higher in level than you are, even if you don't have the best gear. I have on more than one occasion, took on a quest that was recommended for a level 27 character and took it on when I was a mere level 13 and it was so rewarding. For the quest; I had to defeat a level 27 rock troll in a cave that was guarding some high level blacksmithing tools, and when I finally killed the monster about 10 minutes later, I took the tools to the blacksmith and I received very high level witcher armor that lasted me for most of the game. Same with the quest that involves a master blacksmith making amazing weapons for you.Another thing that I love about this game is that it actually takes some strategy in order to defeat monsters or groups of people. For instance, if you want to maximize damage dealt to a golem, then you need to oil your sword with an Elemental Oil that makes your sword do extra damage to that type of monster. As well as brew some thunder potions so that way you also do more damage per hit. It is a very refreshing change to actually have to plan out a monster fight well in advance so you increase your chances of surviving and taking out the monster. In most fights you can't just run into it head first and expect to come out victorious. My advice for anyone who plans on playing this game: make sure you study your opponents. Not only in your beastiary to know their weaknesses but also while fighting them, watch their attack patterns and how they guard, it can save you a lot of trouble in a battle.Now that does not mean that there is absolutely nothing wrong with this game. Because trust me; there is a lot of things I noticed about the game that just bugs me.1) Controlling Geralt is tricky at times. There has been more than enough times where I have been trying to activate a small hair brush on a desk for a clue, and couldn't position Geralt in the correct position just because his movements are so sensitive.2) The fall damage is absolutely absurd. If the drop that you're getting ready to take is taller than your character; expect to take some fall damage or at least try to roll. Because I have on more than 5 occasions tried to jump off a VERY SMALL drop and have fallen to my death and forced to restart from my most recent save.3) I have been teleported randomly by sometimes really random actions. For instance towards the end of the game, I was supposed to run down this path that was surrounded by invisible walls and I pulled out my crossbow and for some reason, I was teleported out of bounds and could not get back into the area that I needed to be in.4) This may not be a problem for most, but it definitely annoyed me. Far too often did I find myself changing armor and weapons every other mission just because I would find gear that was better than my current set. And it's not just because I would fight high level monsters either, no, you could loot stuff off of basic enemies and find gear that is better than yours even though you just spent 150 gold to have custom gear made and now its not as good only 10 minutes later. So don't get too attached to your gear because I can guarantee that you will be replacing it with better stuff often.So yes this game has its pros and cons, and this game definitely has a lot of replayability just because of how expansive it is. This is a great game and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys RPG/adventure games."
,Recommended,292030,27071238,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bor Farmskins.com,Very good game.
,Recommended,292030,32145906,Posted: 3 June,all,ouiouï,Best Game in the world
76561198139689538,Recommended,292030,17514679,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Rusty,thank you so much for creating this game :)
76561198029395735,Recommended,292030,17171150,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Anardil,Game of the Year 2015. Enough said.
,Recommended,292030,17511573,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Gutter Trash,Ciri/10 would play again.
,Recommended,292030,20609096,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Sunzo,"TL;DR: looking for a reason to buy this game? try the fact that you owe it to yourself to experience a real masterpiece. The developers are amazing, they really care about their game and making it the best experience possible, and their work not only proves that, but stands as a standard on which every other game must be judged.Where do I begin?I love the Witcher Franchise, and the third game is the best of them.The game boasts free roam gameplay with rubber-banding enemy levelling, which for many people can seem limiting but as I see it , presents the ability for interesting scenarios.The combat is fast and satisfying, this game has the simplicity in combat needed for jump in play, but the complexity of it's internal mechanics that remind of Esports or fighting games, and with the pacing being a great mix between fast and yet oddly tactical, as the franchise has boasted since it's first game, I often find myself in the situation where I have to accept what I've done wrong, and quickly learn from it.The game's graphics are beautiful, there are cynics who'll swear by Witcher 2's graphics instead, but this is just because the game had a slightly different and darker art style, beside, they're in very short numbers.God Rays and the overall lighting system make for beautiful sunsets, relaxing sunrises, harsh mid day suns and blinding snow reflecting sunlight.The story is, as always excellent, well written and engaging. I've yet to finish the game, but at this point I identify with Geralt and see him as MY character more than a lot of games where custom characters have been the norm and well executed.A certain degree of customisation is allowed to, allowing you to change up Geralt's appearance to your fancy.Give him a more Skelligan look, a Temerian knightly visage, A witcherly air or mix and match to your choosing. My favourites the smooth held back pony tail with the shaved sides.Gameplay as Ciri is amazing aswell. Ciri, if you do not know (spoilers will not follow) is a very powerful individual, and this power ties hand in hand with the storyline, you get several instances where you'll play as Ciri, and it's amazing.All her abilities that are at your disposal fit and work insanely well with her lore.I could go on and on and on singing praises of this game, but you know what? why keep describing when I could just tell you:Get the game, play it for yourself.This is the best experience gaming has to offer in recent years, the game is a MASTERPIECE.Looking for an obligitory rating? well it's 10/10 if you didn't guess."
76561198142316669,Recommended,292030,17532665,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Zeus,"Beautifuly and well crafted storyWhat a brilliant gameEventhough somehow the transfer system from the previous save is not very pleasant but there are few things that I appriciate from CD Project... Appreciation for whose played Witcher & Witcher 2Like a quest ""A Letter from Old Friend""... Kinda make me thought about the past relationship with Alvin and J'd Albersque - The Former Leader of The Order of Flaming RoseWell done CD ProjectIt's worth the time & the price"
,Recommended,292030,17291558,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,HeavyMama,Yes... Just yes...
,Recommended,292030,17729204,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Chicken Melon,"this is probably the best rpg i have played, great story lots of sexy time. and theres monster killing.20/10"
,Recommended,292030,18022206,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,TheGwardian,"As of 9/13/2015, this is the best RPG I've ever played, hands down. The world, story, characters...everything is amazing. If you're a fan of RPGs, this game has everything you need."
,Recommended,292030,17534522,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,OCEANMAN,it's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome
,Recommended,292030,17545542,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Ron Burgundy,"Very good game. This game is excellently made. No downgrade on graphics in my opinion.Pros:-Excellent Well Thought Out Story-Worth more than what you pay-Game of the Year 2015 (My Opinion)-Good vocal acting-Good setting & landscape-Very freeroam-Variety of things to fight (Monsters, etc.)-Lot's of great side quests-Awesome Upgrades (Skill tree, weapons, etc.)Cons:-A bit repetitive at times-Same NPC types & vocals in the cities-Very Difficult at Beginning"
76561198041394374,Recommended,292030,22518913,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Areldion,AMAZING
76561197995709030,Recommended,292030,23268808,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Pharmalobby,"This game lets you experience a story-rich fantasy adventure about the witcher geralt. I played the first two witcher games and was fascinated by the witcher-world with its monsters, people and quests. I can only recommend playing every single witcher game, especially if you want to get to know the witcher universe to its full extent. For me, there is not a single thing to complain about. The graphics are astonishing, the quests very entertaining, unique and sometimes suprising. The only thing you need for this game is time. Because if you just run through the main story (which ia good!), youll miss out on the best parts of this awesome game."
76561198045686068,Recommended,292030,30718687,Posted: 24 March,all,The belt-less trenchcoat,I r8 8/8 gr8 game
,Recommended,292030,32132492,Posted: 2 June,all,HuneiBagur,"This is one of the best games I have ever played. I love The Witcher franchise, I have all the books and games.I don't think any other game will be better than this masterpiece.I hope in the future there will be another Witcher game."
,Recommended,292030,31196848,Posted: 17 April,all,EhYa,"Blood, magic and sex"
,Recommended,292030,16136291,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,K1eaner,"This game represents all that an RPG should, it has all the elements that make it great and the popularity speaks for itself, as for all the haters, don't know what you people didn't like about this game and I honestly don't care, for those who haven't bought this game yet, BUY IT, it'll be the best game that you've played yet."
,Recommended,292030,25415721,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Dragon7722,"Well, what can i say... I have played 100 hours already and not finished the vanilla main quest yet.There is so much to do, so much to see and explore, it's incredible. The fighting is very satisfying, the dialogs, characters and their story as interesting as they are humorous or tragic.Nice character development/skilling, alchemy, crafting aswell as different armour types and magic - whatever fits your playstyle.The world and it's wildlife and monsters are beautiful as they are dangerous, it's filling up my screenshot folder :o.No performance issues, no crashes, nothing. But i strongly recommend an Xbox-Controller for this game.I have not touched the addons yet, but can't wait to dive into them.Also, free DLC's and a fair pricing system for their bigger addons.Seriously one of the best games i've played."
,Recommended,292030,32243995,Posted: 7 June,all,Breach_Master,Never Gets Boring
,Recommended,292030,25357905,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,VAC_down_for_what,"This is one of the most detailed, beautiful games I've ever played. Very involving storyline, lots of things to explore, immersive world. You can blow through the storyline in probably 30 or 40 hours, but to explore all of the content...well, I could easily see 200-300+ hours worth of content. Definitely my money's worth."
76561198139926736,Recommended,292030,21554535,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,PvtPrimate,"Best game I've ever played, hands down.CD Projekt Red, I salute you."
,Recommended,292030,26973118,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jason,"Much like it's predecessors (mainly Witcher 2), The Witcher 3 is a fantastic game. I have over 151 hours played and still haven't finished the game. 10/10"
,Recommended,292030,32341650,Posted: 11 June,all,BNS Svo🅱oda,Very gud gaem
76561198017578894,Recommended,292030,21929158,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,crazychicken,"Don´t wait, buy it. You wont regret it.Just 5 more min."
,Recommended,292030,17937457,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Chief Savage Man,"Just finished my first game in 88 hours, with only the handful of minor free DLC that probably added two hours to the game. I didn't even touch the Gwent stuff either, I hear that can take a long time too. I also didn't try and find all of the optional locations in Skellige but that might have ruined the game for me. You'll see.It's a phenomonal game. The world is enormous, but also dense. The side quests are compelling in their own right, not just filler to get more XP and pad out the hours. The main story is well done. It meanders through the different regions, and each of the subplots within are pretty well fleshed out. Your actions do have consequences, yet unlike most games, those consequences are not immediately apparent and even after finishing the game, I am not really sure what I did that resulted in some aspects of the ending. And it doesn't even get into the Good/Bad Ending crap, some parts of my ending were very gratifying, others actually made me regret what had happened and want to do it over. So despite having just put ninety hours into the game, I'm feeling ready to start a NG+ and play again on a higher difficulty, with DLC enabled, making different choices, and trying a different build of character. It's definitely one of the best games I've ever played. Can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,292030,20295354,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,✭  RUB0X,"top game in galaxyedit:Still da bestedit 2:Still absolutely sexy as hell, better than my gf."
76561198266803331,Recommended,292030,28709015,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,faisal-707,best game ever
,Recommended,292030,32900255,Posted: 27 June,all,o4sis,10/10. Best game of the decade.
,Recommended,292030,27759577,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BioG,after this master piece all my money belong to CDP
76561198055332360,Recommended,292030,25663734,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,"Emperor Zbigniew, Lord of Terror",I can't even begin to describe how stunning this game is. Graphics are spectacular. Story is spectacular. Gameplay is spectacular. Simply spectacular. One of the best games ever. Heartily recommend to everyone. If you have not bought this game yet you need to buy it!9.9/10
,Recommended,292030,32522871,Posted: 17 June,all,Persian FOB,A masterpeice
,Recommended,292030,28077395,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,GhostPants,good
,Recommended,292030,32879437,Posted: 27 June,all,JussiMuussi,Best game ever made
,Recommended,292030,30774449,Posted: 27 March,all,Steele,"If you've read any reviews then you'll already know that this game is a safe investment. I bought this game knowing it would be one of the best RPGs I'd ever play - and it has fully delivered.Because we've been so spoilt, all I'll add is constructive criticism with solutions:The game is one of the most graphically beautiful I've ever seen, but it suffers slightly from a slightly cluttered HUD. I regret having spent so much time with my eyes glued to the all-knowing minimap in the top right corner rather than taking in the breathtaking scenery.If you're using an alchemy build the UI can sometimes be clunky - you want to use 7 million potions but you only have 4 in your quick-use slots.THE SOLUTION:the FriendlyHUD mod by wghost81 on nexus mods. Seriously, it will change your experience for the better.Final note: Don't be a dummy - buy GOTY!"
,Recommended,292030,32632388,Posted: 21 June,all,Laith,"The best singleplayer game that I have played in a very long time. Huge wrold, Really good graphics, best combat system. Its just a peace of art. Also I love how you can change the ending not a lot of games give you that option. So I am sure ill enjoy the dlcs as well. 10/10!"
,Recommended,292030,32870190,Posted: 27 June,all,Green Napkin,"Great story, great gameplay, great graphics, great devs, great value for a lot of content. What else do you need?"
,Recommended,292030,21834211,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,oceanting,absolutely brilliant
,Recommended,292030,26902340,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ультр4♡,"Gotta get that 4th task completed.Oh also, it's pretty freaking awesome game.If you can run it, buy it. If you can't afford it, save money so you can afford it.When you buy it, say goodbye to your family and friends because it's gonna be a long journey.Partial spoiler ahead?!?Don't forget to get some tissues, you're gonna need them."
76561198013694705,Recommended,292030,20375710,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,le_chu,"I have never written any game/app/movie review but after finishing main quest in Witcher 3 it felt like loosing my best friend. I'm 29, playing RPG games for more than 15 year and that was the best experience I ever had."
,Recommended,292030,32871553,Posted: 27 June,all,DevilsAdvocate,An absolute amazing game. It will keep you coming back for more!
,Recommended,292030,26473824,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Volaria,"I have spent so much time playing RPG games since 1997. Meaningful and cleverly written dialogues, following the scenario on your own way, feeling like you are inside of that world are the best feeling I get from Rpg games and was having troubled times finding these features in the industrialized new generation games.I didn't have fun playing Skyrim as much as I had with Morrowind or Oblivion. Same goes for Fallout 4 and Fallout 2. In my opinion, these games lost its Rpg elements and gained to whichever would make it more popular, to draw attention of most players.Witcher3 does not havethousands of questsbut every single quest has its own unique scenario and characters and cleverly written dialogues. Witcher3 does not havethousands of area to explorebut every single area has its own atmosphere and gives you the unique feeling.Still has a lot of side quests and none of them is boring and repetetive. One side quest of this game equals to hundreds of bethesda's repetetive side quests like ""gather 20 x-flower"" or ""destroy everything in area X"".The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, made me believe there are still game developers and gamers thinking like me and restored my faith in gaming industry."
,Recommended,292030,22534146,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Dangerous_Dan,wow this really is the best game I have ever played. beats fallout hands down. update>>>>>the dlc is the basically witcher 4. go buy it. ive spent hours onn this game and love it. well done devs!!!! a good pc port too!!
76561197969267203,Recommended,292030,19390068,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,John,"I'm pretty much only thing I'm going to say one thing about this title: I've been playing games since super mario back in 1990 and this is the best game I've ever played, Period. Out! 'Drops Mic and walks off stage.'"
76561198076115635,Recommended,292030,25362577,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Leo,its skyrim for true men10/10genuinely the best game i have ever played
,Recommended,292030,27925393,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hydra02,"This is one of those games where you are actually excited to see a new side quest popping up.Main story line is top notch even without the DLC. Gameplay feels fluid especially after the new patch for Geralt's alternate movement option.Lots of things to see and do around the world. Side quest are interesting and not repetitive makes you want to explore the world even more.  The mini game Gwent takes some time in understanding, but once you have gotten used to it, you will definitely be an avid card collector for sure.This is a must buy and is in my top 10 best game of all time list for sure!"
,Recommended,292030,27545953,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Solitude,"I bought this originally ""elsewhere"" and promptly lost a month of all other productivity.Now, with the joys of Steam sales, I've bought it again, with all the DLC's. And I can't wait to lose another month or more romping around (sometimes literally) every corner of the map and thoroughly enjoying every moment of it!"
,Recommended,292030,27419446,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Akzen,"This time i just can't say ""the book was better"".A pure masterpiece.And I can grow a beard here, finally!"
76561198043435595,Recommended,292030,23323400,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Midoriya Shounen,"This game has turned me into a CD Projekt Red fanboy.If all of their future games are even half as good as this one, I'll gladly buy all of them.The expansions are top notch as well. I can't recommend this game enough.This game is an easy 10/10. No question about it."
76561198099268170,Recommended,292030,23175134,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Neon_Lightning,"This game is a masterpiece of inventive storytelling, where the choices that you make have significant and far reaching consiquences that impact the lives of charachters that you become truly invested in. The Witcher 3: WIld Hunt is sometimes heart wrenching, constantly beautiful, and with out a doubt one of my favorite games of all time"
76561197974768437,Recommended,292030,23594648,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,fuzzifikation,one of the best and most beautiful games out there.
76561198094305995,Recommended,292030,28100576,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Yuval-Shoham,"Story, Graphics, Voice acting, Battle, Open world, and character development are all STUNNING. Best RPG ever made."
76561198074879720,Recommended,292030,26151267,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Sungazer,"This game is what I'd longed for.As a monster slayer called Wither, you can traverse vast open world with beautiful graphics, attractive characters, entertaining side quests, tough but exciting combat, and impressing storyline.Above all, the main story is so ♥♥♥♥ing awesome! It's worth playing only its main quest.And I cannot wait until standalone Gwent is launched!!"
76561198289579279,Recommended,292030,28020904,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Keera,"This is the most AMAZING game you will EVER play. The main story line is so engaging; you fall in love with the characters, the music, the landscapes, EVERYTHING. When I finished the game I felt sort of empty, though. Good thing I just bought the two expansions! The gameplay is good and I actually liked the combat system. THIS IS MY FAVORITE GAME!"
,Recommended,292030,20629759,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Bigdale,"Haven't played it much yet, but from what I have seen I would recommend it!"
,Recommended,292030,30180705,Posted: 25 February,all,Ahri,The best video game i've ever played with 17 years of gaming.
76561198145197049,Recommended,292030,27899896,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SHt4rkY,The visuals and the story line will keep you immersed in the game and you WILL have a hard time putting it down !
,Recommended,292030,26925690,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,S0NaR,Worth to buy300+ hours play game still doing an secondary quest
76561198108509887,Recommended,292030,27512030,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lord_huntinghawk,"Do not this game if you value your life as it is.This game is amazing.I shouldnt have to say more as just playing the prologue will make you drool at the mouth and think of nothing but this game ever again.This game tought me not to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥ it ends badly. It tought me its okay to sleep around - as long as you dont get caught, and to never EVER expect a threesome to work out.It also stole my money, but in a way in which i was bent over double and cried for CD projekt red (THE best game devs ever) to go at me harder.Speaking of CDPR they honestly are the greatest developers ive ever incounterd, in a world of recieving half the game and being expected to pay even more for the other half (you know who Im looking at) this company actually makes you want to pay the 15 or 20 quid for more content. There's plenty content as is, but the game is so good you just end up begging for more. All the FREE dlc are pretty nice too.All in all my life has stopped having meaning after I completed this game. I used to have friends, people honestly liked me. Im not sure what a friend is now, I think it might be Roach.Buy this game, and never look back."
76561198063348827,Recommended,292030,27518395,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Finstair,This game is amzing becuase I really like the lady's breasts.
,Recommended,292030,27056714,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FensiSuperstar,"They should make ""The Golden Geralt Award"" for exceptionally good games.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a masterpiece.Go buy it. You won't be dissapointed."
76561198072510650,Recommended,292030,27774629,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,_xXTOPGUNXx_,"Most ""badass protagonist"" award and my favorite game of all time. 10/10"
,Recommended,292030,26146259,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,noremac,Play it. Please.
,Recommended,292030,26782798,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Atu,No russians 5/5
,Recommended,292030,25692267,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,D!KAF3LK,"For me this is the best Single Player game, I've ever played.Storyline - 10/10Story is presented in a very nice form. In most of the dialogue you can choose what to say. We have many ways to pass the mission. We can do it quietly or killing everyone. Each mission is interesting and different than earlier. The story is for 30h game without sidequests. We also have mini games like cards (Gwent).Gameplay - 9/10Beautiful world giving many opportunities for the player. We can explore caves, forests, mountains, helping peoples and doing much more things. The map is 30 times bigger than in the previous part. Crafting and Alchemy are more important, we also can upgrade swords, armors and signs. These sandbox gives many, many opportunities. Fight feeling is pleasant. Sometimes we are blocking on a small obstacle but in comparison to other games it is not very annoying.Characters - 10/10Each character has its own charm. Characters are well matched to the storyline and to the environment. We can decide who will be our enemy and who is our friend. We also can choose the path of the main character. Character (mainly Geralt's) and monsters doing really great feeling, details are amazing.Graphics - 10/10Graphics in this game is amazing. Even the smallest details are well refined, for example when we move the grass moves with us. Graphics capabilities used in 100%. The movement of water clouds are very well refined, falling leaves, changing weather make a huge impression.Sounds - 10/10Music and ambient sounds in this game is great fits. We can listen medieval music which is selected for each moment of the game. Animals noises are natural. The monsters sounds are really threatening. Character voices are well selected and fit into personalities.Overall - 10/10If you are thinking about purchase this game, if you like open world and action RPG games, I would recommend these game for you, and I guarantee a lot of fun comes from that game. This game is masterpiece."
,Recommended,292030,23176761,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,...,A+ game left me speachless
,Recommended,292030,22768989,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Jeremy Korblet,This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing good.
,Recommended,292030,25404593,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Garchompers,This is by far the best game I have ever played!
76561198043362510,Recommended,292030,24975231,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Lysterine,"This game is an absolute masterpiece for its time. One of the most fleshed out open world RPGs to date, with excellent writing and character. TW3:WH has a wide color palette, and is always fun to look at. A huge open world map, with variant weather and climate, vibrant sunsets, dank swamps, vast fields and sprawling cities.  The world feels like it has been lived in long before you get there, and will continue on once you leave. The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt has something for everyone: swords, sorcery, beasts of all kinds, and as if that weren't enough, an entirely entertaining CCD mixed into the world.  Fans of the previous two games will be delighted to see familiar faces, and those new to the world of the Witcher will have no trouble catching up. As if this weren't enough, the game has a great score, outstanding voice acting(the generic NPCS can get old), and side quests and locations to keep you entertained forever. CD Projekt Red has proven themselves among the elite game developers, can't wait to see more from them in the near future."
,Recommended,292030,22221048,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,21 Cabbage,G O O D
,Recommended,292030,22657719,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Nato Boram,"Immersive game. Controls are really difficult on the Steam Controller. Everything is perfect. The story takes place after The Witcher II, but you don't even have to play the previous games to understand what you're doing.Pros- Immersive- Good music- You get asked about what you did in previous games. I didn't play these, but it's fun to chose random answers- Quicksaving- Open world- Pathfinding for the horse- Unlimited stamina on roads- Fast travel- Path indicator for questsVariable- Your choices can have a huge impact.- You don't feel like a ""Master"" in this game, unkile other games (The Legend of Zelda, Assassin's Creed). You can die at any moment.Cons- The Story is a cluster of sidequests.- The Story isn't linear enough. There are plenty of sidequests but no way to find them. I wish that they were easier to find because they are necessary to gain experience to do the main quest.- GLITCHES. Roach has a ♥♥♥♥ing hard time running. That horse is glitched as hell.- Basically, the main quest is ""Find Yennefer"". But to do so, you must ask information to many people and they all ask for a favor in return. Once she finds you, the quest becomes ""Find Ciri"" and history repeats itself."
76561198144603068,Recommended,292030,25256937,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Ace,"Amazing, memorable characters. Superb main plot and brilliant sidequests. Thrilling action sequences and hilarious funny moments accompanied by one of the best Original Soundtracks ever. This game legitimate deserves a 10/10 and is a must for any gamer out there. I just don't see how someone wouldn't enjoy it.The amount of passion and hard work the devs put into this game is unbelievable, so just get your hands on it and prepare for the amount of hours, days, weeks and probably months you'll spend playing this gem."
,Recommended,292030,25313726,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,torzelan,"The horse, Roach, loses momentum because of the silliest stuff sometimes... ...and that's about all I have to complain about in any aspect of this masterpiece. Simply the best game I've ever played."
76561198162918192,Recommended,292030,25474964,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,terryyao8000,Time comes for the most important decision of the game:1.Woman A2.Woman BGeralt: why not both?The end
,Recommended,292030,21650487,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,limeee,"No point of me describing the game, you know."
,Recommended,292030,32913439,Posted: 27 June,all,Gaestrix-Thenos,"Best game for an rpg. The open-world keeps you accompany whenever you got bored or just want to relax looking at the environment. Combat is really fluid and great, never seen a combat system better than TW3. Animations looks fantastic, from meditation to slicing your enemies head. This is a near-perfect game for years. 11/10. Would play again."
,Recommended,292030,32969824,Posted: 28 June,all,GEICO MGB AG | Yoshifan151,"I'm probably a fourth of the way through the game and it's already one of the most immersive, well designed games I've ever played. The story, graphics, voice acting and the sheer amount of content you get for $25 is ridiculous. The Witcher 3 is a complete work of art."
76561197977919680,Recommended,292030,21571951,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,_Waylander,"On the 8th day, God made The Witcher III."
,Recommended,292030,26910889,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,KISKE,I love the Gwent card game.
,Recommended,292030,21942888,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Lofty,"One long blissful, mind numbing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ upon an emotional rollercoaster followed by a crippling existential depression that it's over, I wish I could go back in ignorance to play it fresh. The Witcher 3 showed me just how GOOD games can be. Most engaged by a videogame I have been in at least 5 years.The boob physics are tasteful. The final 10% of the main story doesn't quite hold up. Vernon Roche has a cool hat.9.4/10"
76561197986693562,Recommended,292030,19482689,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,HouseAtreides,"The witcher is probably one of the rare game series out there that get better and better as the titles progressed. The developers kept the things that made the first one good and implemented them into Witcher 2, and then took all the good things of Witcher 2 and crafted the excellence of The Witcher 3."
76561198017616122,Recommended,292030,33126246,Posted: 2 July,all,lorentz32,witcher 4?
,Recommended,292030,26676321,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,₯ | Nationalistika Ullheten,"A roleplayers paradise. You'll enjoy all the fun side quests you get to do.Unfortunately I'm not a roleplayer so I don't like to spend my time creating ""muh own adventure"" and do all these side quests. Only did those that were somewhat necessary. Despite that the game was still very enjoyable and even if you don't like wasting time with side quests it's still great fun all the way through. I think the game has a place for everyone.The only bad part was the broken falling damage, broken pathing and a few annoying bugs here and there but nothing major really.Also never forget that all witches are f4k1ng b1tch3s and that Ciralt is the true ship."
76561198049105704,Recommended,292030,32737767,Posted: 24 June,all,Epic_Twirly,GOTD (D stands for decade) it's simply the best game in the last 17 years
76561197972294266,Recommended,292030,32738501,Posted: 24 June,all,Rumpy,"It took me 97 hours to complete the game (no DLC). Still had several contracts, secondary quests and treasures to complete, at least ""?"" to discover and pretty much all of the in-game card game to play.Wow.Quite possibly the most impressive game I've ever played. Story, gameplay, music, script, voice acting, depth, longevity, consequential decisions, graphics and environment. All mesmorising.I feel a bit lost now. Not sure what to do..."
,Recommended,292030,25604858,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Ezzy127,One of the best single player games I've played. Would definitely recommend buying this and all the expansions. Well worth the time you're getting out of it. I have almost 60 hours played in the base game alone. Haven't even started on the expansion sets that I've bought!
76561198039648648,Recommended,292030,32641147,Posted: 22 June,all,dokinsai,Incredible experience!
76561198073275884,Recommended,292030,33102551,Posted: 1 July,all,Spodurmun,"Played this game for 2 years with the New Game+ mode and already at my 4th round, each time gets me more excited as I encounter the quests I missed out. Easily on my list of favourite games.Amazing GraphicsRich Story2 Amazing DLCsTriss and Yen :)NudesGreat CombatTons of ExplorationDefinitely and must-buy for those looking for story-rich games"
76561198191004938,Recommended,292030,22852221,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,LairyPoppins,"This is the best game I have ever play...EVER! I can not recommend higher! BUY THIS GAME, you won't regret it."
76561198053251695,Recommended,292030,33198934,Posted: 3 July,all,Ray Ray,The game is 10/10  DLC is 10/10 Gwent 100/100
,Recommended,292030,23260509,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Bram,"A TL;DR reviewPro's:* Good looking most of the time* Solid framerate* Big open world* Interesting main and side missions* No repetitive missionsCon's:* Objectives within mission do however get reused a lot* Combat while much improved it still has ways to go compared to the likes of dark souls and dragons dogma.* While the world does feel immersive, it does not have the same variety as other fanatasy games (Which would not have been realistic or lore friendly)"
,Recommended,292030,16800250,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,|NeX| Mavis,"If AIDS was a Video Game, this wouldn't be even close to being it"
,Recommended,292030,20274002,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Jurassic Jord!,"The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is not my first Witcher game. I've played a bit of the first one and played the second one as well. After playing more than 50 hours and finishing the main quest, I can safely say that it is my favorite Witcher game AND hands down one of the best games of 2015. I got the game on sale and it's one of my best purchase of the last year. I was so satisfied that I even bought the expansion pass. I usually never do this and just wait for the DLC's to be on sale or get the GOTY edition.\\PROS\\+Great story (not amazing) but the large amount of fun and interesting side quests more than make up for it.+Lots of lovable and well written characters. A few are despicable. I personally hate the dwarves in The Witcher games.+Mulitple romance options. It's quite emotional to see those relationship develop.+Better combat system over the previous games and most RPG's.+Tons of stuff to do. The card mini-game is really fun once you get the hang of it. The horse races aren't bad as well.+Better potion system over the previous game, basically everything is improved over the previous Witcher games.+Beautiful game. The settings are diverse and the cutscenes are nice.//CONS//-Not a fan of the skill tree system. You can only have 12 active skills at a time which really limits the way you spend your points.-The crossbow is lackluster. I was expecting to use it a lot in combat to actually get kills but it's really just to bring down winged enemies or kill monsters underwater.-Important characters from The Witcher 2 are non-existant no matter your choices (eg. if you sided with Yorveth, your choices don't matter in The Witcher 3 and you don't see much of the Scoi'tel).-Sometimes the quest marks aren't really clear and you gotta look online to figure out what to do.-Novigrad is too big and involves a lot of running around.None of the cons are game-breaking, it's just little details."
76561197974593679,Recommended,292030,22535363,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Ruuk,"Why even bother writing out a full review for it.  More than 30,000 people have already flogged their praises all over this game's face.  They're not wrong."
76561198047841029,Recommended,292030,25023049,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Brandood,Released an amazing complete game with so much content rather than cutting out parts and selling it to us later. 10/10.
76561198088060517,Recommended,292030,27384202,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Septimus,"This game is amazing. You don't need me to tell you that. The dlc is even better. But you don't need me to tell you that either. In short, you can stop reading here, unless you enjoy rambling nonsense. Just buy it.The one viewpoint Icanbring to this game is one of someone who tried and failed to get into the last two games, despite enjoying the lore of the Witcher's world - IT IS SO MUCH BETTER. It takes all the ideas of the other games, the combat, the crafting, the magic, the potions, the loot, and it improves them tenfold, and sticks it all in a GORGEOUS open world with a great story and a great cast of characters, and a ton of stuff to do.For a start, you have job. Yes. An actual job. It is your job to kill monsters. You take on contracts, you find specialist equipment, you wander from town to town picking up work and monster's heads as trophies. That in itself would be a fun game. But this game is so much more. Sidequests with interesting stories, places of interest with nice loot, fun boss fights, fun combat, good levelling and progression, and a great main storyline for when you get bored of all that... this game is the ultimate open world RPG, and I want there to be a hundred more games like it.That said, it is not without it's flaws. It is an extremely demanding game, for a start, and even with a Nvidia 970 and 16gb of RAM it doesn't always behave, the fps drops for no reason (on any settings), not a lot, but enough and often enough to drive you mad. Also, it tricks you into thinking you can do Parkour. DO NOT, unless it is really obvious. You will get stuck. And, obviously, not every sidequest is great fun. Some of them fall flat. Also, the loot system is a little bit confusing, it feels complicated and there are a lot of items, but most of them are literally junk, and 90% of the stuff you find is crap compared to the specialist gear you can craft every few levels. It is far from a perfect game. It's more of a flawed masterpiece. But a masterpiece, and really, really fun, nonetheless.And, of course, Gwent. The BEST minigame within a game that I have ever seen. I bought Playstation DLC special edition packs so that I could pick up some real Gwent cards and play it against real people. They're turning it into a proper game in itself, coming soon on Steam. Gwent is amazing. And if you get bored of it, you can always go off and kill some monsters before continuing to play cards. Did I say minigame? Isn't that thing about Ciri the minigame, actually, now that I think about it? I'm playing The Witcher III: Gwent Card Hunt.(Witcher 3 for 'Best Game Within a Game' Award! Also, every other award that could apply to it. Even the farm one. It has farm animals in it, although they don't live long when I'm around and feeling hungry...)P.S. Since I finished this game and both dlcs I have tried to play the Witcher 1 and 2 again, and, honestly, it doesn't matter how much I love the characters and story now, I still don't like playing them. That's proof to anyone who's in the same position as me that the Witcher 3 IS worth your time."
76561198285741996,Recommended,292030,33206946,Posted: 3 July,all,UtopianGon,One of the best games ever made.
,Recommended,292030,33182477,Posted: 3 July,all,Mr.U.Bon,This real game of the year
,Recommended,292030,27510930,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Eduhh,"""To me, Witcher 3 is the finest game of them all, certainly the most popular and greater of all times, it uses your passion and pain to show the ecstasy, joy and magnificence of our world. No one have ever done it before, and perhaps no one ever will again. To my mind that strange, wild game is not only the worlds gratest game, but one of the greatest story ever created."""
,Recommended,292030,26919954,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Psym.nOOb!,"Incredible game. Big and inmersive, with tons of stuff to do. Great characters and plot (finally continuing the books history), very good dlcs... Could add a lot of things, but better play it yourself if you have more than 100 hours to spare. A ""Must play""."
76561197975912077,Recommended,292030,26161927,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Vicarious,"10 / 10Hands down the best RPG experience on any platform.  if you like RPG's, and you haven't played The Witcher 3 yet, there is no excuse good enough.Incredible Visuals, you'll find yourself taking a screenshot every few minutes with this game.  Fom the Environments, to the details of the characters and monsters, and everything in between.Music is masterfully produced, Sound effects are top notch and give your spells and sword strikes a visceral edge, Voice acting is incredible and never feels strained or forced like so many others in the genre.Even the side quests are interesting, you rarely find yourself stuck in the usual ""go here, kill this, bring back x body parts"".    The narrative drives everything in the Witcher 3."
76561197997201175,Recommended,292030,27999339,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,OnionKnight,Too good for this price...
,Recommended,292030,31467726,Posted: 30 April,all,Icarus,it's ok ...(10/10)great atmosphere; good story; love in details; nice graphics; can't remember when i was so satisfied with price/effort before;the DLCs are worth it too
,Recommended,292030,28711231,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Gökhun,Best game of the gaming history
,Recommended,292030,33232187,Posted: 4 July,all,RadicalCat,OK first of all i usually dont review games but let me tell u my experience and pros n con of this game from my point of viewi just finished main story and let me tell uTHIS IS HOW AAA Game SUPPOSE TO BEbut ofcourse this game has some con/weaknessPROS:-Overall Great Story-Good Overall Questing (Has a very depth to it)-Amazing Graphic-VERY Optimize game-The difficulty is just Spot ON !(U can choose ur game to be ez or hard)-Exploration is 9.5/10-The Character Development is Amazing 8.5/10-The Combat is FUN AF(Every Encounter is Different than the Others)-Every Choices have consequences (Mass Effect Style)-The Map is Bigger than Skyrim (HUGE)-So much Weapons n Armor-The Skill tree have so much Option to itMeaning u can build Geralt However u Want-CUTSCENE is the BEST 10/10CONS:-Have some graphical issue/glitch(u can easly fix it tho)-Some time Witcher Contract felt 2 similar-Sometime AI Bugged n do something weirdOverall This is a Polish Game and Truly a Great gameDefinitely Worth ur Money and TimeOVERALL i gave this game a 9.5/10sorry if there any mistake in my grammari tried my best
76561198074616277,Recommended,292030,26649917,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Cobble Cat,My life has been divided into the time before Witcher 3 and the time after..
,Recommended,292030,32837006,Posted: 26 June,all,Dangerous man,one of my best game i ever playedbeen playing for 17 hours i think i've not even reached 5% of the game content
,Recommended,292030,32981397,Posted: 29 June,all,Mezzy,Best game ever. That's all you need to know
,Recommended,292030,33138319,Posted: 2 July,all,neuroid,"Hands down best action role-playing game of the last decade. My words cant describe how epic the story, narration, combat, exploration, and music are. W3 is on another level, beyond anything near it. Hundreds of hours into the game, and I found myself still unable to put it down. Finishing the game was a bizzarely sad experience. I didn't want it to end. Like a great novel and world which forces you to turn the final page. Can't wait to see what CD Projekt RED delivers next. I can't recommend a game more, buy it and experience all it has to offer."
76561198147304817,Recommended,292030,28210408,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,BoosterNRG,Masterpiece
76561198055367714,Recommended,292030,33150140,Posted: 2 July,all,Panzerfäust,"bewbs, sex, drugs, killings, and hairworks=  A++Roach= F"
76561198169580964,Recommended,292030,33233583,Posted: 4 July,all,DmwtZohan,Gut-wrenching storylineHorrible settingsInsane adventureAnd that's exactly why you should get this game.
,Recommended,292030,33307425,Posted: 6 July,all,humanovan,"Best RPG i have ever played so far. This game is a masterpiece, even the OST is worth paying a million dollars just to listen.Red Dead Redemption        10/10The Last Of Us                     10/10Witcher 3: Wild Hunt   11/10Buy it, you won't regret it unless you don't have a good pc to play with gorgeous graphics."
,Recommended,292030,27380795,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Strix,"Driving past the top of the ruined peasant houses, making his way past dangerous enemies, beheaded brazen bandit, do not forget that you can change the hair and shave (maybe even hot towels to be?). An incredible level of immersion, gorgeous scenery and interesting gameplay.Reading Sapkowski's books, Geralt was represented that way (except without a beard).Definitely recommend!However, I recommend playing with the Polish voice acting - try.Of course there are bugs, doorposts with the management and other little things (eg unreal balance on higher difficulty levels: health car bandits does not fit into the gameplay), but it is quite possible to put up with these shortcomings."
76561198241681188,Recommended,292030,30226972,Posted: 27 February,all,Astro,Honestly one of the best games I've ever played!
,Recommended,292030,16693437,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Вкусная Дырочка,One of the best games ever. Seriously. No doubt. Just buy it. GOTY 2015 BEST RPG
,Recommended,292030,17183377,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Shane,One of the best game I ever play.
,Recommended,292030,31347338,Posted: 24 April,all,Ismイマノ,"Amazing game, loved everything about it.. (Hope a 4th comes out.. which I doubt will. But what do I know? :^) ) Devs deserve praise.lmao, km please."
,Recommended,292030,31522264,Posted: 3 May,all,Pim,What the magic is?
,Recommended,292030,23179564,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,mltr,"Just a clarification, although I have just a few hours on the game (at the time I’m writing this), I’ve already beaten the game two times, almost a third, on PS4:-	One time only focused on the main quests that took around 30 hours to finished-	Second time took 150 hours doing some contracts and side quest-	And in a third playthrough on blood and broken bones difficulty I have currently 250 hours where I’m attempting to do every thing I can (close to de end of the main story also).So after spending so much time with the game I can safely say that this is one of the best RPG’s that I ever played, satisfying on everything, be it on gameplay, the world, character development and overall storytelling.What you can expect on pc is merely a boost on performance and visuals over the PS4 version (given you have the hardware to run it).So to end it, I recommend the Witcher 3, especially if you enjoyed the previous entries on the series, or if you are a fan of RPG’s (although you will have a deeper appreciation for the game if you played the previous entries).A future classic."
76561198091510981,Recommended,292030,23431338,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Patcheshyena,Best game you will ever play. No words im just speechless On how this game is and how it ends geralts story.
,Recommended,292030,26214319,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,MDA,"I have been gaming for quite some time.. Got experience for all type of games. Never played an RPG as great as this one. I mean this game has everything one can ask for. You never get bored to turn it off or do other stuff, instead you get addicted to it. The best RPG game I've ever played. A must play for all rpg lovers out there. 10/10."
,Recommended,292030,20655260,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,aids patrol,This is the best game that I have ever played.
,Recommended,292030,27278987,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,stuffz,Awesome Game
,Recommended,292030,17971963,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,wen,"One of the best games i've ever played, a true MASTERPIECE."
,Recommended,292030,16698255,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Morcrabanen,"Simply, CDProjektRed sets a new limit for the quality of RPG Genre, not just with it's open world content, but it's fluent combat, great mechanics, free DLC's (as they should be), great characters, great music, great everything... I liked Witcher 2, but I fell in love with Witcher 3 ! Do I recommend this game ? I would make it a law to play this game. You can read or hear people talking about Downgraded graphics, what the frack they know ? The game looks epic even in low resolution and low graphics (And equally demanding I am afraid, that's the only downside of the game I can name.)Buy it, use it, finish it, replay it.Updating for the Steam Awards event badge, carry on."
76561198040193821,Recommended,292030,17212851,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Javendra,"Just when I thought no game could be better than Skyrim (don't get me wrong, I still love Skyrim just as much!), with more content than ever, along came Witcher 3. Incredible. Storylines are immersive and varied. This is the most extensive and throughly designed game I've ever played. Just awesome.Critiques - I have are the amount of bugs and that I can't interact with Yen or Triss at all outside of quests. And I wish I could see/find out what happened with the Bloody Baron and his wife.I realize this is based on actual novels and the writer's time period, the Witcher being like a 007 of medieval times. But honestly, every woman he sleeps with is young and the most perfect Barbie doll figure ever. And they all look the exact same age - from his ""daughter"" to Yen, Triss, every single sleeping partner (Steam blocks the name I tried to use), and everyone in between even though all of them should age and are different ages. And seriously? High heeled boots on the women? Ridiculous. I mean, they call Witcher an old man and he looks a lot older. But not the women he's been with forever. I mean, come on.If you can overlook all the chauvinistic misogyny, the rest of the game is really highly entertaining, even for someone like me that's a woman."
76561198068522688,Recommended,292030,16954154,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Fat Black Man,One of the best games I've played in years.
,Recommended,292030,31442755,Posted: 29 April,all,TheRedSlug,Haven't finished it yet. It's like 10 games in 1 for the price of 1.Love it!
,Recommended,292030,27116228,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Swarbz,"Its been a few months since i completed this game. Still haven't found anything to fill the Void.One of the few games that makes me want to forget everything about it, simply so i can re-live the same experience of playing it through the first time again.5/7."
,Recommended,292030,23755861,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,GottaFindBubba_13FA,"I wasn't the fan of this serise game before, But now I am."
,Recommended,292030,23751995,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Skereton,"In short this is a fun game that has a couple of frustrating flaws. The controls are (compared to say, Dark Souls) really bad. Pretty horrendous even. Geralt is sluggish and doesn't respond to gentle nudges. Turning on a dime is out of the question. The horse controls are worse. It follows an 'automatic' path which usually ends up with you falling off small bridges of stopping instantly for seemingly no reason. The combat can also be frustrating when you're not overpowered. The control layout switches during combat (jump becomes dodge) and that can sometimes be an issue when you get stuck on terrain and cannot get out because you have no jump button.If you willing to ignore those flaws you'll be treated to an enormous game that is both breathtaking and gritty. It's a great world to get lost in and I cannot express how much there is to do and explore. Buy this game if you have 100+ hours to kill because you really want to take your time with it. Hearts of Stone is in my opinion not really worth it. I thought the story was a bit lacking and the overall content a bit bleak. It does have the enchanter though, so it might be worth it for him alone. If you're on a tight budget though, skip it and grab Wine and Blood. That expansion is 10/10."
76561198168353886,Recommended,292030,22880411,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,maxi222,"Hello everybody,I just wanted to do a short review on The Wither 3.For me it is the best RPG i ever played.It is long, immersive and really gives you an incentiveto explore.Big plus point in my opinion: Not only the main questis done well, and I recommend everybody who wantsto buy this game to do the sidequests.The crafting system is also done well.If you do the mainquest and sidequests that you encounterduring it or while exploring you can easily get around 80hours played in this game, and you will have fun everyminute!Also, the graphics are amazing. There aren't many gamesthat get gameplay, graphics and story right, but the Wither3 is one of those rare games.The game is really worth it's price!"
,Recommended,292030,28889603,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Shinra Tensei,one of the best gaming experiences in my life
,Recommended,292030,27724457,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,used sock,Without a doubt one of the best games ever created. The level of detail and amount of content is shocking.
,Recommended,292030,28806759,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Danoglith,Its lit.
,Recommended,292030,15977499,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,JuanChainz,"Epic game, unofficially like 18 hours in and only level 6-7, its fun to just ride around, get lost in the story, and hunt supernatural monsters."
,Recommended,292030,15973246,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Prolapse,Where's my real life gone?
,Recommended,292030,16002354,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,influ,5/5.
,Recommended,292030,16060874,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,dave,its alright
76561198116137239,Recommended,292030,16068493,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Middleagewhiteguy,With out a doubt one of the better games i have ever played.I like my RPGs very much but the witcher or hexer dependiong on how you know it.I will be honest i never once had a crash or a long loading screen  I must be lucky.If you want a adult storyline with choices that can jump out at you from anywhere then do it.Play your own way be the witcher you want...Become the White wolf....limited spoliers !!!!!If you love this game for the story and if your a little confused start from 1 .  I started again like 20 mins after finishing 3.  I picked triss and rejected Yen and the boat......  This play though is YENNow im sure i could find all the vids and choices on the TUBE  and so could you. How ever you would be cheating your self out of something beyond wonder.. Forget Destiny for get Skyrim... I do love that btw...  and even GTA   Play though all 3 games if you dont have them  get them........  How ever 2 has better combat lolSimple rule   Buy install wait for it to set up...  Drink something it can be a while... Kiss your loved ones and say see you in 80 hours.. for that what i did...  if you make a mistake in the choice  dont go back to save live with it.  Choice happen fast...     Once completed go to bath room shower kiss love one and go to new game.Spoiler...   If you wanna end up alone on the path choice both......  I regretted though and restarted right away.This game has filled me with hope for the industry agian. Follow suit  take your time and really care.  I dont care about the down grade in graphics   hell i still play FF7.  I do run this all on high with 24GBs of ram a 6 core pro and a R9 290 Ref and WOW   play for the adventure and TRISS AND YENS♥♥♥♥♥Choices matter i cant stress this enough....Good pointsWell written..  YESWell Voice Acted...   Hell YeahWell designed and wonderfully filled out girls and guys...   Well yeah come on it CD red they do people so well.Combat fluid and well done on keyboard or controller...  YesWorth my money with the season pass.....  I brought it before it launched so hell yes worth it.The BadChatting with your team friends and lover...  LimtedThis is my only issue with the game  the structure of chatting.  Lacked you had some much room to add more to be able to interact with everyone....  Wasted   what there is great dont get me wrong  but i feel so much more could of gone into it... Ciri is done so well i felt like it was worked on well... I didnt want the ending to happen i wanted to knock her♥♥♥♥♥out and take her away on this play though.... Yes and Triss ark are passable and fun sometime.  But others  i felt like there was no connection to old and new ones..    I wanted more in depthness and more to talk about i mean she returns and she hugs you tell you something go she he dad but then says no more about it...............All in all this is a must  by all means watch Poods and Jack and mark and Angry joe review wen it happensBut please buy this game atleast 2 and 3 and play them enjoy.. and walk the path alwaysFinal spoiler..... Vesmir IM SO SORRY
,Recommended,292030,16123536,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Part 3,"Everyone has their own words to describe Wild Hunt. For me ""Incredible"" will do."
,Recommended,292030,15971751,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,隆介 / ジェイコブ Virus,"God knows how many hours ive spent on this since release, but i can say this is surely this years best game so far, i mean it has everything and RPG needs, its fun, open world and there are almost no limitations to what can be done, you dont have to follow a story line as you can do secondary quests or even contracts, there is also bounty quests which gives you clues to finding treasures etc, but the most amazing out of all yet is the way the questing system works, EVERY decision you make during a quest, whether it be to kill a certain mob or keep it alive WILL eventually come back to you, for example i did a side quest in which i had to free an evil spirit, instead of killing it, i actually went ahead and freed its soul that was tied, the way it affected the main story was amazing in itself, but oh boy do i regret not killing it xD, dont want to spoil!!,but i would definiately recommend this game to anyone that wants to spend tons of hours and a bit of pocket change for something worth while"
,Recommended,292030,15975234,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Rasiterita,"By far the best RPG I've ever played. Combat is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, the consequenes of my choices really feel impactful, good story even though there are a lot of plot holes, big and interesting open world to explore and the quests are not repititive at all. 10/10"
,Recommended,292030,15976126,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Optimal,"If you are remotely interested in getting wild hunt, say goodbye to your kids your wife your friends and family and buy the game because once this game has its hooks in you its over, even more so in fans who have invested time in the previous games and books. Huge world, endless amount of content and the best storytelling that's been done in a videogame. If there is one thing i hate about the witcher 3 its that looting a barrel or bookshelf that is beside or behind a candle is harder than majority of the bosses I've fought, I am playing on blood and broken bones as well which in my opinion is the way to play the game.CDPR deserves every penny they make from this game and more, this game is a work of art."
,Recommended,292030,15978559,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,I_NEED_21EEP,"Fancy graphics, flawless combat and rich open-world experience. Definitely recommended.11/10 better than hearthstone"
,Recommended,292030,15981634,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,GeriatricSix,"""If you're looking for a ""skyrim experience"" then go plough yourself""- Punished Jensen, 2015, ""A half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥review of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt""Right now I have 51.1 hours played. Of those 51 hours, I spent at least 27 drifting around the starting area killing monsters, reading books, taking screen shots of geralt's glorious beard, and frolicking in the woods. Barely even touched the main story since I can't help but explore every single nook and cranny I come across. Did I mention you can frolick in the woods all you want? When I'm not shouting like DSP going ""♥♥♥♥IN ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T, I COULDN'T BLOCK THAT!"" or ""I'M PRESSING BUTTONS, AND I'M STUCK ON NOTHING!"" or especially the famous ""I DIDN'T DO THAT!"" I'm truely having a blast playing this masterpiece. As someone who's played and loved The Witcher, then suffered though the witcher 2's console combat while still loving everthing else, I can truely say it's a big step up. You can actually dodge attacks properly this time around instead of playing ""The Roller 3: Another Roll"" like I was initially expecting. If you're not some pleb that plays on easy or normal, then congrats, you got yourself a challenging game with challenging combat for a challenging challenger such as yourself. All about timing and not being a dumbass. Combat is fast-paced and with the way you move and don't have that aweful 2 combat that made fighting groups a nightmare now, you really feel like a Witcher, instead of like 2 where you were a guy with 2 swords who occassionaly does a pirouette in combat, loves to roll around in the dirt and who has a hard time fighting more than 2 pot bellied bandits at once especially without rolling away.Signs are no longer trash like in 2, where you had to put points in witcher training to unlock the other skills, then pour MORE points in those skills so you can FINALLY use aard on more than one person. in 3 ya start out with all your skills, and they're useful like they were in 1, where aard can blast multiple people away. igni can burn multiple people, axii stops em or takes control of em when upgraded, yrden slows em down, and that one sign I'm too lazy to name still saves your skin.The weapon variety is nice, though I've only used the other things like axes and clubs for coins. The crossbow is a pretty cool addition to your equipment, though I mainly use it for hunting deer, rabits, and harpies in the sky. When your not finding new weapons, you'll find plenty of diagrams to make some pretty neat swords and whatnot for that cool guy with the beard you play as (if you don't play with a beard in game with a beard in real life, you ain't playing the game correctly).Remember those ballin jackets from The Roller 2? The ones you'd probably wear outside on occasion that gets you thumbs-up from neck-beards and strange looks from the normal citizens that wear yoga pants with holes in em that, if you stare for to long at they'll call you a pervert while you're wondering why they would even wear that in the first place if they DIDN'T want people to stare at? Yeah, those neat jackets that none of your pairs of cargo shorts go with. Those are gone. Instead we get some armors that you'd keep in your attic for when times are hard and you need paper to keep the power in your generic laptop with a 1366x768 resolution laptop that got 8 fps on the Roller 2 powered along with your microwave  for your ramen noodles. While they perform well and keep you very well protected, they don't look cool, which is the most important part. The best looking armor is your starting armor, and it's effectiveness really starts to wane after the start. So basically, ya wanna look cool? You're punished. You want armor that protects you well? Well, here ya go, though I'll be laughing at you behind my lvl 1 Kaer Moran Warrior Jacket while wearing a monical with my beard swaying in the wind.STORY! Well, of this is your first witcher game, then kill yourself. If you skipped 1 and jumped to 2 just to play 3, then kill yourself. If you read all or at least most of the books, played 1 AND 2 and killed letho then you need to kill yourself. If you at least played 1 and 2, then your an ok guy who still never understands any of the neat references the games make at all as you turn into dsp and go ""wut?"". Shaming aside, the story is pretty good soo far, though for me it's all about being a heavily mutated proffessional monster slayer who loves frolicking in the woods. Things make sense. You are neither being confused nor spoonfed a story like a telltale or sony ""game"". You're a witcher. You go in, have geralt say some wise♥♥♥♥♥things, avoid a few fights here, slay some plebs there, plough a few wenches here and there. You want the actual story, play it.Grafix. They're still damn nice even though THE DOWNGRADE OF DOOM was true. Though it's nowhere near as bad as some may have told you. The game on ultra blows the console version out the water. The game on high blows the console versions out the water. the game on medium blows the console version out the water. The game on med-low IS the console version, with a cinematic 24 fps that never stays at 30! And don't forget, one of em can't even do 1080p! (But don't tell them that ;))Best game I've played in years, and only game I've pre-ordered in years without feeling ripped off. Always trust slavs and polaks with your money (except Sergei who owns STALKER now, spending the games budget on more cars doesn't instil trust you) japs, maybe, even if they can't make a non-vita/mobile game to save their lifes that isn't a VN. And even then the ports are trash.Also did I even mention how much I've enjoyed frolicking in the woods? Really brings me back. See, back in my day I found some woods and started frolicking in them and...... so I said to the wench, ""It ain't♥♥♥♥♥♥if you were frolicking in the woods BEFORE you were seen.""Damn fine game."
,Recommended,292030,15987354,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Gwynbleidd,By far the best RPG ever made. Endless things to do and amazing detailed world.
76561198038169360,Recommended,292030,15987641,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Cephirix,10/10 would witch again.
,Recommended,292030,16048489,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Space King,"The Witcher 3 is a technically imperfect but engrossing adventure.Technically speaking, there are quite a few bugs, graphical and otherwise. However, that should not dissuade you from playing it; it really is a great game, an amazing story, and Geralt of Rivia really comes into his own as a genuinely compelling character, one who feels as though he is both at once a tourist and a major player in the world. CD Projeckt Red absolutely nailed the feeling of what it would be like to be a witcher.One interesting aspect of the game is the culmination of what came before it. The first game was absolutely amazing in terms of setting and story, all of which felt intimate. The world also carried a heavy undertone of general sadness to it, as well. The second game polished the gameplay and character interactions, but the story took on a largely political nature, and with it, a lot of the overarching sadness was replaced with intrigue and more overt emotional strife. The third game balances these factors; it feels larger than life and the gameplay has evolved even further in an action-packed direction, and yet it regains that intimacy that the first had, and more importantly, it regains the sadness. It's interesting to note that such intimacy is there, despite the world being much larger than either previous game. Everywhere you go, there is a pervasive sense of desperation and sadness that oozes from every nook and cranny. This sadness is what truly separates the Witcher series from other RPGs, and what makes this game a must play.The decisions are large and hefty, but also emotional in nature. Emotional pain isn't an overt factor in the game, but it's clear that it affects everyone's lives, including Geralt himself, and this pain is derived entirely from the decisions you make.GAMEPLAY: 9/10 - Unfortunately, Geralt and Roach at times get stuck up on geometry. I've had several ""cheap"" deaths because Geralt got stuck.GRAPHICS: 7/10 - The game undoubtedly looks gorgeous, but even disregarding the ""downgrade"" from 2013, there are too many graphical bugs to give this a higher score.SOUND: 10/10 - It sounds great and they brought back - albeit updated versions - of the musical themes from the first game, which were vastly superior to those in the second.STORY/WRITING: 10/10: Again, the world is what really sells this game. It's grand, and the characters are compelling.I'm about 51 hours in at the time of this writing, and I'm still compelled to push forward, the technical issues be damned. It's absolutely worth playing, and deserves your attention."
,Recommended,292030,25247817,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,RodrikSnow,if u didnt play this game you are lucky cause u have a lot of fun waiting for u
76561198011916589,Recommended,292030,23247252,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Daworox,"This is a fantasy sandbox masterpiece (with RPG elements, but mostly guided storyline..).Exploration is absolute delight as every detail of the virtual world is crafted with care and love :)This is a game I'll be playing for long time..."
,Recommended,292030,23247729,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,FlameConvoy,"Awesome gameplay,story and graphics!"
,Recommended,292030,23248433,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,L4nJi40,"This has to be one of the best made games out there, I have only started on the expansion pack but I love that there is a♥♥♥♥♥♥tonne of FREE DLC. I love project red so much for this, undoubtedly the last good gaming company that isn't trying to make us pay for every funny looking sword they make after the game is out."
76561197965180774,Recommended,292030,23250423,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,TraX™,"One of the best games that I have played in a long, long time. An immersive experience, the story and character development is really well done. Each quest felt meaningful and just when you think it is getting repetitive, they throw in a twist or something you least expect.When the main story ended, I find myself feeling sad that the journey had ended and I quickly bought the expansion, not wanting the journey to end.  This is truly a master piece."
76561197994280936,Recommended,292030,23261221,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,DJ BÖGLYFT,Amazing
,Recommended,292030,26325013,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,zenoxparadox,This is probably what skyrim was supposed to look like.
,Recommended,292030,25978761,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Mushious,"The only donwfall is the story length. It's over 50 hours (main story line, not sidequests). It's not enough. I need more Witcher.11/10 game in every aspect."
76561198099019215,Recommended,292030,31191743,Posted: 16 April,all,zxDwarfs_Diggingz,"Would love the game, but it is sort of depressing. I find myself playing other games to lighten up. if into RPGS this is the way to go"
,Recommended,292030,29451646,Posted: 23 January,all,me,this game is so sexy it makes me HAVE SEX.
,Recommended,292030,31193898,Posted: 17 April,all,Kia_Kat42,"This has got to be the best game I have played in years! They just don't make it like these anymore! I don't think I have a single negative thing about it. The combat is difficult but still enjoyable. The story is well thought out and interesting. Long but not drawn out. Hours upon hours of content, so much so that its tough to figure out where to start! Everything about this game is great. 10/10 Would buy again."
,Recommended,292030,33164673,Posted: 2 July,all,Jackdw31,"CD Projekt Red might just be the best game company ever. I've said that about many times, about many different companies, but no one considers the players so much as they do. This game was a masterpiece, and enjoyable from start to finish - at a PHENOMENAL price! They aren't the corporate money-grabbing pigs you might see elsewhere in the gaming industry, but instead offered free DLC, and the story DLC was all extremely well done, with a perfect amount of content added by each of them."
76561198062428571,Recommended,292030,25050499,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Lucerne,Best game of all time.
,Recommended,292030,27242836,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,1simplenickname,"In a world where we have mobile game systems, game consoles and computers, it's become very hard to find a game that pulls you in and fully immerses you.Every day, every week, every month and every year we get thousands of games to choose. Games that cost 60 dollars, 30 dollars, 5 dollars or even free ones. And then there are in-game purchases, microtransactions, paid DLC, season passes and many more ways in which the developer becomes obssessed with money and thinks of new ways to make you pay after already paying for the game.The Witcher 3: The Wild Hunt is not that kind of gameThe Witcher 3 is a AAA title from 2015, that is more polished than any other game that has come out in the past 12 years.The Witcher 3 offers support for the newset and greatest technolgies in computing, making the most beautiful game ever created.The Witcher 3 has a completely original soundtrack, filled with track that have never been heard before from any game ever.The Witcher 3 has no paid DLC or a 60 dollar season pass, it brings back nostalgia from the past with expansion passes and free DLC, like new quests or armor.The Witcher 3 is not only a game, it's an experience. One that I hope you'll enjoy as much as I did, when I played it for the first time."
,Recommended,292030,22016336,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Enough Nut,"This game mang... this game....Lemme telll you something. Ever have someone take something from you? Something precious, something dear. Something that made you feel empty inside after it was gone, like a family member? Well god ♥♥♥♥ing damnit this game took my soul away. It ripped out of my chest, stomped on it, beat it, took a dump on it's face and threw it into the deepest darkest abyss to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by some 12 year old basement dwellersThis game.. is ♥♥♥♥ing perfect. Game of the year? Hell no. Game of the decade? Hell no. This game, is a game for the gods. Game of the entire span of the universe. ♥♥♥♥ing thor even plays this♥♥♥♥♥♥This game holds power, power unlike no other. The witcher 3 made muslims wish there were 72 copies of the Witcher 3 in heaven with a pc that can run this game max setting. The witcher 3 stumped trumped and kicked hillary in her♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game mang, this game.Let's start with the graphics. The graphics. I can't even run this game on ultra settings but it looks like pablo picasso made a ♥♥♥♥ing art book... into a ♥♥♥♥in game... Imagine the most beautiful place on earth. Picture it? Great, well it just got burnt to a crisp by the astonishing rays of the sun and Yennerfers nice round♥♥♥♥♥♥ Like my eyes are ♥♥♥♥ing gone it was so good, like reading the ♥♥♥♥ing elder scrolls. When the bombs go off, it reminds me of 9/11 all over again, that realistic, besides all the death and destruction. Nvm there's still death... just no destruction.. except the bodies of my enemiesThe music, breh omg the music. Mozart rolled out like 69 symphonies in his grave just for this game. It really just pops like pops in your mind, pops better then pops mold (hehe, reference.... im a ♥♥♥♥♥) .Whenever the girl sings makes me just want to throat fuc-... I meann uhhhh dance to her nice music.. voice ye voice.The combat, omagawd the combat. Ever want to kill a demon? Well, neither did I but you can. Ever want to ♥♥♥♥ a girl with horns? Well neither did I but you can, or you can KILL her!! Better choice, cuz she nasty, but anywho... the combat. Pretty good, you can set people aflame with igni, trap them with yrden, shoot them off a cliff with ..... get hit by a guy while wearing quen, bounces his♥♥♥♥♥back, then finally use axii to get that foo to kill another foo... I'm a terrible reviewer this is♥♥♥♥♥♥on to the pointThis game is ♥♥♥♥ing superb. 11/9; fallout 4 masturbated while playing this game, that's why fallout 4's graphics look like a downy drew them. If you don't have it, buy it, if you bought it but aren't playing it, play it, or else you're ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561197971139116,Recommended,292030,34659486,Posted: 1 September,all,UKCarbine,"Simply put the game is a masterpiece. It just oozes quality on every turn, Audio and Visual. It is very well optimised too I’m running on a pretty old i7/980Ti@1440p system and I have nearly everything on Ultra, bar the Hairworks. I’m getting solid frames, even in the main cities. The level of detail in the world is stunning and it is visually breath taking in places and overwhelmingly atmospheric. The storyline and voice acting is brilliant, the models of the characters solid. I can’t fault it really but then again I don’t go looking for issues, I would only comment if they were game breaking or glaringly obvious. There are the odd glitches here and there but hey nothing even worth mentioning in my mind.It is just such an enjoyable game. I’m not going to detail it in length as I think other reviewers have already done this. This is a title you need to have in your collection."
76561198305041242,Recommended,292030,31785679,Posted: 16 May,all,Winterstations,One of the most amazing Stories I've seen in  a long time. Addictive Gameplay and Overall AMAZING GAME. I genuinely Advise Everyone to give it a try :D
,Recommended,292030,16152863,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Maritan,"Despite some serious problems with consequences from W1 and W2(i.e. what happened to Iorveth, Henselt, Adda, etc) it's breddy gud."
,Recommended,292030,15923712,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,預言者Avdol,"On the day of pre-orderWow, pre-order Witcher 3? Well, probably a cool game, because the previous parts were great, and the book is absolutely beautiful. I'll go buy it. In the meantime, I will play a Fallout, chtol.One year laterHell, I've been through the game three times already. Guys, I'm more impressed than I expected!Yes, Fallout 4 is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"
,Recommended,292030,25526911,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Diakun,God-tier game.
,Recommended,292030,16000621,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,BakedCookie,"Will write something more exhaustive later on, but the TL;DR- fantastic game, incredible story, incredible world, great combat, and loads of other great stuff. There are minor faults here and there but they pale in comparison to the positives. A must buy basically."
,Recommended,292030,16870272,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Paravox,"Mass effect level storytelling with 16 endings, more realistic outcomes, awesome fluid combat mechanics, includes a card game better than most card games as an afterthought, and seems to be made out of 75% pure graphical beauty.Prepare to lose many hours."
76561198026406049,Recommended,292030,19995559,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,TheTipsiz,"Immersive story, huge world, interesting characters, beautiful graphics, epic soundtrackThe Witcher 3 definetly set the bar in gaming.BUY IT NOW!"
76561198039566546,Recommended,292030,20440351,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,hurepoix,"Did this game need one more favorable opinion ? probably not. Really I dont know what to add that have not be said yet.It s simply one of the best game I ever played.hardware requiered. I5 is not. I played with a 2120, one of the oldest I3 and it run fine. 4 cores are not needed, high speed clock, good graphic card and at least 8 Go ram is enough without sacrifice graphism. Here I3 @3.3 ghz gtx 960 and 8 Go ram is very good.We can only hope devs will not rest on its laurels, because after such (deserved) success we await them for the next."
76561197989445805,Recommended,292030,21247850,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,LUKES GAME,"Best Game I've ever played.Maybe crashed 3 times in a year?Best gameplay.Can't put it down.Played through it + expansion twice. Explored every part of the world, probably missed half.Playing it again next week.Amazing game."
,Recommended,292030,21287278,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Shad0wRunn3r,"I hate to speak in extremities but I think this is the best RPG I've ever played in 28 years.Actually I was not a huge fan of the series, first part got me interested but got bored, 2nd installment I missed, but this one really got me hooked on. (actually I think after finishing it, I might start the series frm 0)I won't go in technical details, combat and stuff, let it be enough that it is saisfactory, fluent and challenging when it has to be.The biggest asset of this game is the attention to details put in every corner. Be it the facial expression of the last lousy NPC, the voice ating, the dialogues, decorations on the wall of a tavern, every single pixel of this game was made with care and love from the developers/designers. In most games I get bored of the tedious grinding, exploration. In comparison, I freakin got bored of Dragon Age: Inquisition. Although that series I followed from day one almost.In Witcher 3, even the exploration, side quests, crafting has meaning,  and in every corner you find a small little twist or smile.Bottomline is, that this game is a must have to every last RPG fan. Start it, and let it suck you in, just enjoy the atmosphere of the game."
76561197971423772,Recommended,292030,21304407,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Iroquois Pliskin,"Witcher 3:What can i say... this game blow me away.This is probably the best and most impressive rpg i ever played in my life.Even better then the mass effect series or the Dragon Age Saga in my opinion.I didnt played Witcher 1 or 2 yet, but Witcher 3 is a truly Masterpiece!Everyone who loves Rpg's with a great story telling should play this game.I rate this a 10/10Hearts of Stone:The story is simply amazing, especially the parts about the new antagonist which is avery interesting character by himself. Be warned though, the fights are much harder thanin the original game and you have to adjust your tactics to the bosses as well as you can.I rate this 9/10Blood and Wine:Such an incredible expansion for the already fantastic Game.If you think that Heart of stone was a great dlc, Blood and wine will blow your mind once again.I rate this 10/10 great job CD project!I tip my imaginary hat infront of you...Best developer studio from Poland and probably the Best of the Wolrd , Bravo!"
,Recommended,292030,21339241,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Senyor DootNoots,"I have played many, many games is consider game of the year.But the Witcher 3 is the only one I consider game of the century."
,Recommended,292030,21358297,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Winter,"Alright, this game is incredible; really does make any other RPG you've ever played seem like a child's game.The the detail put into every aspect of the game right down to the character interactions is amazing, so amazing I found myself genuinally laughing at jokes, literally holding back tears and almost falling in love.I'd never played a witcher game or even thought of playing Witcher 3 before a couple of weeks ago when I saw it on sale and being a huge RPG fan decided to splurge out and get it; actually changed my life. Easily the greatest game I've ever played.Not to mention there is an absolute pile of free DLC and the developeres even added additional content with their latest patch. Had almost forgotten what it was like to play a polished game right off the bat (opposed to purchasing it in segments until you've finally, six months down the track and 300% of the original base game purchase price pulled together something half decent or seemingly finished). Thank you for raising the bar, the Witcher is amazing.Will forever be a fan of the series and a supporter of the developers, amazing."
76561198034468967,Recommended,292030,21379331,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,FrakenBerry,"The Best damn game, I have ever played.  Easly worth the money.  To quote AngryJoe it earns the Bad♥♥♥♥♥seal of approval."
,Recommended,292030,21423360,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Solomon,Definitely deserves its GOTY.  Bethesda could have learned a few things from CDPR.
76561198098625942,Recommended,292030,21431258,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,zwerte meppen,"if you're unhappy with your current life buy this, it gives you another chance.<3"
76561198059602172,Recommended,292030,21432378,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Doctor,"3 play thru's, and working on death march play thru.This game is by far the most detailed, and fun game I have ever played in my entire life yet.I've played tons of games, however nothing tops The Witcher 3."
76561198097922963,Recommended,292030,21503780,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,D1 0ld cHAmpi0n,The full definition of immersive
76561198011704498,Recommended,292030,21533915,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,SovietCoffeeFox,"“People,"" Geralt turned his head, ""like to invent monsters and monstrosities. Then they seem less monstrous themselves. When they get blind-drunk, cheat, steal, beat their wives, starve an old woman, when they kill a trapped fox with an axe or riddle the last existing unicorn with arrows, they like to think that the Bane entering cottages at daybreak is more monstrous than they are. They feel better then. They find it easier to live.”― Andrzej Sapkowski, The Last Wish"
,Recommended,292030,21534464,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,TheSlew,When got dis gam i thought i waz getin a bean... BUT IT WAS A SNEKAlways flick the bean.GG 11/10But for real this game is great. Buy it. Now.PISSSST Hey guys!!! This game is still AMAZING even late 2016 play it!!!
76561197998023468,Recommended,292030,21535054,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Bob Lee Swagger,"One of the best games ever made.Doublessly, the most touching story I have ever experienced in a game.Not to be forgotten, the graphics are amazing, especially the northern, scandinavian landscape.Worth every hour!"
,Recommended,292030,21598494,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,im-not-josiah,Almost 100 hours in and I feel like i've barely scratched the surface of the content in the base game. Can't wait to beat it and get the DLC
76561198032373948,Recommended,292030,21696897,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,HCCCCCCCCK,Best game ever!!!im not big fan of RPG games but i got spring break few weaks ago and i had nothing to do so i just download itand i can't stop playing the game. every single quest is amazing can not skip the quest which is not affect on main storyies.I palyed for 101 hour till now and i might want to say my favorite character is Pagan but my favorite game is Withcher 3!!딴 말 필요없고 롤 끊으실려면 위쳐3 하시면 됩니다. 최고의 게임이라 소리 듣는데는 다 이유가 있음
76561198040177092,Recommended,292030,22057801,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,1nf1nltyyy...,"CDprojektRed have done it! The crowning jewel of the RPG genre.  A non-linear story with multiple endings that are tailored to the choices you make.  Side quests are plentiful and ALL have strong narrative.  Combat is hard-hitting, responsive, and tactical.  Graphics are amazing and environments are meticulously detailed.  At times it seems as though you get three games in one as there are three distinctive regions with different color pallets and distinctive styles and terrain (Disclaimer:  Please do not expect graphics to be on par with the earlier vgx 2014 trailer as it was an earlier build).  Characters are all interesting, fleshed out, and have a diverse range of unique attributes.  There are more than 30 different enemy types in the game all with unique ablilties making you change strategy.  Crafting, due to the nature of the menu, can be at times tedious, however in the end when you finaly assemble the armor you so very much desired, it feels more than satisfying.  The game easily exceeds over 200+ hours of gameplay in a single playthrough while retaining exceptional replay value.  With two expansions both adding up to 30+ more hours of gameplay this game is the most content-packed singleplayer expeirence to ever have been created.  You will get every cent of your money's worth and more should you decide to purchase this game.  This is a game that sets the precedent for all other games of its genre.  It is the defenition of next-gen gaming and any rating other than MASTERPEICE does this game a disservice.10/10- An essential experience that will shape the future of RPG gaming."
,Recommended,292030,22120020,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Dalkian,"Now this is what i have been waiting for many years now.This is a masterpiece for the hungry souls craving a real adventure that will not be forgotten.I've been tired of short games that ends in just a day or two, i'm 27 hours in as of now but i can clearly see atleast 800 more hours of entertainment to be had.The combat is simple but well executed and it does feature some depth to it aswell.The voice acting is godly, every chat i have i find myself stuck in it with an interest like no other game.Something that took me by a surprise is how alive the world feels with some amazing scenery.There's so much to tell infact that i could make the biggest list in the world, but i would strongly reccomend you experience that for yourself.You know that feeling you get after each cliffhanger in game of thrones, just wanting to know what's next so bad.Well that's the feeling i have every moment in this game."
76561197978292517,Recommended,292030,22273089,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Scooter,"Probably not even half way through it, and I can already tell that this game is going to end up on my top 5 games ever played.  Jusr fact that even the side quests have their own dialogue and storyline to them is enough to keep even the lowest of attention spanned player going."
76561198125124938,Recommended,292030,22328361,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,RocketSurgeon,"Due to poor internet speeds, I downloaded this over the course of four nights. Best use of $60 and four nights of no internet in my life. 5/7 would do again if I could ever reach the end of the game"
,Recommended,292030,22527849,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,josh,this is good and you should play it
76561198039802583,Recommended,292030,22725835,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,tomislav.dlesk,This game is so good it literally fried my graphics card
76561198148322272,Recommended,292030,23359186,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,[SV]Snakevenom,"This game is GODLIKE.The story FANTASTIC.The gameplay MOVIE-LIKE.The graphics BEAUTIFUL.Our world has now become a more habitable place, since the release of this game.P.S. it shoes only 2.5 hrs of gameplay for me but i have finished the game offline and done almost all side missions."
76561198036786483,Recommended,292030,20695195,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Mishlet,"Only a few hours into the game. But I can see why so many people call this the best game they have ever played. So much effort has gone into making this. It's immediately apparent that the developer is treating the story, and its audience, with a great deal of respect."
,Recommended,292030,20895436,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,( ﾐㅇ ω ㅇﾐ),"The Steam tags are misleading, as it's actually a card game. Still worth all your money though."
76561198030819969,Recommended,292030,21147718,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Sozo,5% of people not recommending this game is way too high...
,Recommended,292030,21386776,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,FlareyPwns,"Well I just finished what was one of the best games I have ever playedGreat story, great characters to boot and every side quest was different, as in they all had their own story to them and I think amazing, much better than some simple fetch questOnly thing that sorta urked me was the map, like I wanted to zoom out more but there was a limit, but there is a mod for that, so that didn't last longAlso I don't know if this a known bug or anything, but I didn't recieve an achievement for beating the game (I beat it on normal) so that kinda soured it a little, but if I have to redo the last part again, I'm more than happy too.10/10 for sure.Now onto Hearts of Stone...Edit: with the achievement bug, I realised I was launching the game through the mod manager instead of steam, so you know, idiot moment for me there"
,Recommended,292030,21574135,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Mervill,"Easily the best RPG of 2015, leaving all other RPGs far behind. CD Projekt Red has created a masterpiece of story, gameplay and visual design that is sure to please even the toughest critics. Witcher 3 will stand for many years to come as _the_ example of what an ""Open World"" RPG should be. Accept no substitute.Those who are not familiar with the Witcher series need not worry. The game does a fine job of introducing new players to the series while making several nods to the previous games for those who have followed the series from the beginning."
,Recommended,292030,23660145,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Cherry Cookie,"Hands down one of the best games ever created, if not THE best.If there ever could be a game with ""everything""  this might be it. From the gameplay, to the graphics, to the story, the crew from CD Projekt Red sure did nail it this time.In this day and age it's hard to find a game where you can sit down and be immersed for hours upon end without any notice of the time you've spent indulging yourself in the wonderful worlds of gaming. For me Witcher 3 is the first one in a long time that has managed to give me this feeling of being pulled further and further into a game and losing my grasp on reality. And that is what it's all about, letting go of reality just for a second, to become someone else before you have to return to your normal life.If it's the combination of graphics, gameplay, story or something else is hard to say but they have nonetheless created something beautiful that I will remember foundly over many years to come.You might be able to refund the game but you won't be able to refund all the hours you will spend  chasing after the swallow."
,Recommended,292030,15917666,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Knight Radiant,"The only game I have ever pre-ordered, and one of the few games I completed to %100. This game is truly a masterpiece, an RPG that is so well done that in my 226 hours (as of writing this) of playtime,  I could not find an area or a place that was there just to fill in space like most open world RPG's nowadays do. Every place has a story and relates to the lore and that is a feat only true masterpieces can accomplish.The story is just perfect, and if you play the other games in the series, and read the books, you can find tons and tons of dialogue that will make you say 'I get this reference therefore I am proud.'. But the game is fully understandable even if you are not familiar with the story of Geralt, which makes it even better.Now, to my favorite part, the combat system. I must say that I have strayed far from the quests, and roamed to the wilderness to find some bandits to fight to, which I never do in a normal RPG, while I was playing on Death March NG+. In that difficulty level, all your actions matter and if you attack at the wrong time, you will probably die on the spot. I learned this lesson the hard way, the start of the game after the tutorial. I died on that spot so many times that I nearly regretted DM NG+. But when you go past it, a new chapter opens in your combat style, and you start to feel like a real Witcher, dodging and pirouetting your way in the fight, and after a while you start to memorize every move an enemy, monster or humanoid, can make, and you start to dodge them not with a thought, but as a reflex, like riding a bicycle. By the way, I am talking about the light armor gameplay, which in my opinion is the best way to experience the game, but if that is not your thing, you can always go for the Heavy or the Medium armor gameplay, which I cannot review due to my lack of knowledge on the subject.The optimization is good, so good that my 4 year old rig could handle it on High with a few settings on Medium, preserving 50 to 60 frames per second. I seriously considered getting it on my PS4 too, just to experience the beautiful mountains of Skellige, or the sunny landscapes of Toussaint with better graphics.In the end, and a TL;DR, 10/10 game with amazing story, amazing graphics and a masterful combat system.And a tip for new players, stick to smithing for most of the merchants are greedy pigs. And always be up to a round of gwent."
,Recommended,292030,18377338,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,dannyandy1996,You shouldn't play this game because by the end of it you'll be so sad because there's nothing left.Except the dlc.
,Recommended,292030,29583478,Posted: 30 January,all,SKYSꜲC,"Gwent is love , Gwent is life"
76561198122359278,Recommended,292030,31074442,Posted: 11 April,all,Eaze,"An absolute masterpiece. You have to get this game if you like fantasy RPGs.Pros:- Incredible story- Well-written dialogues and quests- Well-written characters with believable personalites- Tons of side quests, and many of them are very interesting- A lot of depth- Massive open world- Combat is both fun and challenging- Incredible visuals- Amazing soundtrack- Choices matter- Great replay valueNeutral:- Odd camera settings (easily fixed with mods)- Combat might feel repetitive at higher difficulties, but usually only on lower levelsCons:- Roach AI- Wraiths- Really weird leveling-speed. At first, it takes forever to reach level 10. After you hit the double digits you'll find yourself leveling up way too quickly instead.Seriously, buy it."
,Recommended,292030,22868533,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,SiLchi;,The game is superb. Nothing more to say.I don't regret buying the game whatsoever and you shouldn't too.
,Recommended,292030,27693290,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Atoro,"this game has great story, combat mechanics and world. definetly a must by play."
,Recommended,292030,23489438,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Niv,"Out of all the dangers I faced as Geralt of Rivia, fall damage is what killed me the most. 10/10"
76561197977520814,Recommended,292030,21036484,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Kaneda0082,"Amazing game, as I'm sure you're aware of by now.My only legitimate grip is how the quests and experience work. If you skip any of the early side quests by accident then going back to them later on is pointless. They're locked in time experience wise. So you end up getting XP that isn't scaled to your current level and garbage items because they're all designed for you to get them at a certain point in time. Due to how large the game is this turns out to be a big issue in the long run.It is in serious need of revamping in the way leveling/XP works. Something along the lines of how Fallout 4 or Tomb Raider. Your XP for quests should scale to your current level and the items should not be level based because it renders all the lower level ones useless."
76561198107655520,Recommended,292030,18851205,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Commander PON,"unbelievably beautiful in all ways imaginableWitcher 3 The Wild HuntPlay as Geralt of Rivia the legendary Witcher in his time.Pros:+Remarkable Story, some are affected by your choices in the game+Landscape, Scenery, Environment and all Visuals in the game are just gorgeous+Open RPG that doesn't fill the map with useless garbage, you'll often find quest/hidden or guarded treasure/bandit camp etc.+The Lore is just amazing specially if you've read the books and played W1 & W2 Assasin of Kings+They brought back the Potion consuming even in battle unlike in W2+Didn't experiece any game breaking or even small bugs (i guess thats just me)And there's a whole lot more pros to this game but i have to play it again to find them cause its been awhile since i last played it.Cons:+Battle Mechanics can be exploit like rolling-slash rolling- slash and repeat+Alchemy is way boring than W1, gathering materials should always be required(Mods might fix this)+Difficulty of the game drops in the latter, we know that Geralt is becoming stronger but it should be challenging uptil the end. ( I played on Death March)Rate:9.5/10Definitely theGAME OF THE YEARBUY IT YOU ♥♥♥♥♥SON!"
76561198105913291,Recommended,292030,19101414,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,knzpowa,"There aren' enough words to discribe  how amazing The Witcher : Wild Hunt is, a true masterpiece.A lot of work in detail has been put from the start to finish. From doing side quest, racing, tavern fist fighting and many more interesting location to explore. Its simply a must buy for any adventure seeking fan out there. 10/10"
76561198039449024,Recommended,292030,19161152,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Taze,literally the best RPG i have ever played. amazing 10/10 easy
,Recommended,292030,19146775,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,chuckles,"Easily the best game I've ever played. Amazing story, beautiful graphics and sounds, amazing voice acting, and characters that you will feel a personal connection with."
76561197981625951,Recommended,292030,19103971,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,NinjoB!k,"I need more of this game!This game is awsome!Not many of them make me wanna stay and beat it... but this one... I already making plans to replay it with different quest decisions, and I even not the half way there...No need to tell you the graphics/story/world/characters/dynamics are awsome!Huge amount of everything (loot and stuff...) in it!and akso I noticed while reading some negative reviews, that peaple been whining about how this game is bad while they have about 300 hours on record... you see, even those who don't like it can't stop playing it!anyway, this is a good game!"
,Recommended,292030,19423000,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Musiic,I think i'm in love
,Recommended,292030,16140395,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Malekai,"Love a Hardcore RPG . Well this has pretty much everything spells, potions, swords , axes HUGE MAPIve played for 3 days straight and still haven't scratched the surface i have however done lots of wandering to clear all the side quests and hidden caches . The cut scenes are like playing a movie making the story very immersive combat is really hard 3 / 4 hits from most monsters will kill you .Graphics are pretty but that doesn't mean jack being minecraft is a fun game and it looks mehVoice acting and cutscenes are A gradeWorld is HUGEGreat game"
,Recommended,292030,18830137,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Interactive Civilian,"This may very well be the best RPG ever made (to date), and if not then definitely among the top few. Top notch story-telling, amazing environments, outstanding character design, decent voice acting, and very good game-play all combine to make this the best (or among the top few best) game of 2015, IMNSHO.Everything is an improvement over previous Witcher games. The story is intense. Even the side-quests all have their own little stories to make them make sense and fit into the world. A fetch quest never really feels like a fetch quest. Most of the monster contracts (as well as many main quests) feel more like mysteries to be solved rather than ""go here, kill this, come back"" type quests. And there's often quite a lot of depth to even superficially shallow characters, as well as a lot of difficult choices to make. There were many times where I had to think hard about a choice to be made, and even then spend time second-guessing it after. Because you get so invested in the story that you really do end up trying to make your choices fit the characters as you see them.One recommendation: while it's not required to have read the books to enjoy this and the other Witcher games, I'd highly recommend it. Not only does it add even more depth and fill out the world, but it helps to understand the motivations and back-stories of many of the main characters in this game.10/10. Worth it at full price. Extremely worth it on sale. :)"
,Recommended,292030,18879121,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,vecima,"The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is the best game I have ever played. It is my favorite game.Pros:-The story is so good that none of the cons below are enough to go near not recommending the game.-There is plent of variety in the gameplay (fighting, running, swimming, riding, sailing, alchemy, exploration, using special items to find secrets & ghosts, etx).-There is plent of variety in the quests, and many of the side quests are so good that you care about them as much as the main quest.-Choices and actions matter and have consequences.-The graphics are amazing.-The music is very enjoyable and unique.Cons:-Controlls can be clunky at times (like trying to loot things in crowded rooms, or change direction while walking).-Some enemies can be frustrating to fight.-After 11 patches there are still bugs (the 2nd to last boss just stood there while attacked, no hit reaction, no movement).Other:-This is a MATURE game. Not for your kids.I loved it, beginning to end. Travelling from town to town taking contracts could be it's own game, but this one has a lot more layered on top of that. There's a ton to do and explore, and it's backed up by an good story with interesting characters  (some you'll know if you've played the previous games). I can't recommend this enough."
76561198029526566,Recommended,292030,19161267,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Peaceful_Clock_Maker.,"The Witcher 3 is without a doubt the best RPG I have ever played, that in no ways means that its perfect, in fact at times its downright janky. The world created in this game is bloody beautiful, it really is. The urban centers, particularily Novigrad capture the feel of a medieval city in a way that I havent seen elsewhere, and whilst graphically it leaves a little to be desired the commitment to an artistic vision that melds realism with fantasy creates a consistent aesthetic feel that is spot on. Yet it is in the characters that the Witcher shines, some of the minor players in side quests will most likley stay with me for years as they are that intersting and well rounded. The combat and movement systems in this game can however be rather frustrating and non-intuitive, yet for an open world RPG I only began to become annoyed with this toward the end of my 86 hour run.BUT... I NOW FEEL HOLLOW! I did my bloody best, tried to make the best choices presented to me, and I still got the worst bloody ending possible, LIKE COME ON! HOW THE HELL IS DRINKING WITH MY DAUGHTER BAD? JESUS CHRIST I'M BLOODY LIVID RIGHT NOW! Shiv me sideways with a sasuage and call me Bertha I'm angry, CMON I MEAN REALLY?? LIKE REAAAALLLLY? All that bloody work for a bad ending! I almost threw my controller through the bloody wall, it was so out of place, trying as hard as I could to go out of my way to make the world and my relationships stable to be♥♥♥♥♥♥on by like what, Two 'Bad' choices? TELLING THE PERSON THAT THE WILD HUNT WANTS TO KIDNAP TO STAY BACK DURING THE BATTLE IS NOT ANYTHING BAR SENSIBLE! I refuse to accept such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing ending can come from this♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ i'm mad.That sside if you want a great open world RPG, this is a must."
76561198069582998,Recommended,292030,25776162,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Bullseye,"CDPR struck gold and then went further and discovered mithril. The Witcher 3 is hands down, the most beautiful open world RPG I have ever played. The story is rich with mystery and excitement, the characters intriguing, the world breathtaking. HoS and BaW expanded on a masterpiece and somehow, made it even better. This game was a great conclusion for Geralt of Rivia, the White Wolf.11/10"
76561198243119108,Recommended,292030,25210751,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,pmorstad23,"One of the best, if not the best, games I've ever played. Each expansion worth getting as well, Blood and Wine is a HUGE expansion that adds 20-30 hours of gameplay."
76561198042319882,Recommended,292030,25278030,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Amapork,Just buy it.
76561197965569249,Recommended,292030,25257488,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,BearAlMighty,(ɔ◔‿◔)ɔ ♥
,Recommended,292030,28588970,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,GuiltyVictim,"Heard a lot of buzz about Witcher 3 whilst playing Skyrim, and I have to say - this game delivers!The combat is much more rewarding, and whilst I've focused primarily on combat skills over signs and alchemy - I feel the fights are diverts enough to keep things interesting whilst I follow the dozens of storylines playing out across the vast world.Just starting to go through the two expansion packs now which maintains the quality of the vanilla game."
,Recommended,292030,16000061,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Kapten Tampong,"Amazing game! Looks great, runs great. Gameplay is awesome and story is awesome. Awesome, great and amazing. Also, cool."
,Recommended,292030,16001069,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Grizzthor,"Awesome game, great story, interesting characters."
76561197996950321,Recommended,292030,16001109,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Dronten,"Only complaints I have are on the swimming controls.Game of the year.9,9/10"
,Recommended,292030,16001549,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Sprelle,"Jumping straight into the witcher series, the game offers me an intresting story and a world that you can easily fall i love with."
76561198001360118,Recommended,292030,16002822,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Gahele,Simply best game ever made
76561197971709585,Recommended,292030,16002873,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Privateer,"I'll just get this out of the way, this is not a perfect game, but it is one of the best, if not THE BEST, RPG's of all time. The writing of this game is unequaled, easily better than Baldur's Gate 2 or Planescape: Torment. Every character feels like a real individual, with real goals and real flaws. The quests are fantastic and even the sidequests put to shame the main quests of every other major RPG released in the last few years. The enemies are varied and the designs of the monsters are fantastic. Every monster looks and moves as if it were a real animal. The atmosphere is excellent, dark and brooding without slipping into melodrama. Cliches are turned onto their heads, without becoming overdone or predictable. The combat is very good but not great, the movement of your character can be finicky. The inventory system and navigation of the in game menus (bestiary, map, quests, and so on) is pretty bad, but these are truly insignificant flaws considering how strong the core game is. The game is semi-open world, it is divided into 4-5 separate zones that are miles large, but unlike other recent zoned open world games (Dragon Age 3), these feel like actual places, with realistically sized towns, hamlets, and cities, not bland single player MMO's. While most of the NPC's are not interactable, the scale of the towns and cities makes up for it. These aren't Skyrim's ""cities"" of a couple dozen individuals. To sum it all up, if you are an RPG fan, do not miss this game."
,Recommended,292030,16003053,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Callum,10/10
76561198004882391,Recommended,292030,16003597,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,dbildingblocks,Future RPGs are gonna have to work hard to follow this.  The Witcher 3 raised the bar so far beyond what any other RPG has offered to date.  Love it.
76561198018563979,Recommended,292030,16003791,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,DemonixELT,"They have come a long long way since Witcher 2Combat and side quests have become much more rewarding and have great stories each.You're not as invincible as you once felt before when taking on multiple enemies in Witcher 2, which makes the combat a much more involved and tactical process.Horseback riding in the Witcher 3 is very useful and cool however mounted combat is still very wonky, requiring careful timing and excellent accuracy.As for sea based exploration underwater combat is pretty meh, not much to do other than shoot your crossbow at some Drowners and watch as they get insta-kiled.Crafting as a hole is quite useful since most of your best gear will come from it. However the inventory for crafting materials still feels very cluttered since there are an immense amount of crafting material available in the Withcer 3 world.Graphically speaking this game looks downright amazing, its definitely got that medieval fairy-tale wart-horn landscape feel to it.With all that said, I strongly recommend this game, its definitely on my list of the best of the best for single player open world games."
76561198010541864,Recommended,292030,16003939,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,The commander,So when do we get pvp Gwent?
,Recommended,292030,16005250,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Merl1n,-Started Game-Saw a Mans Feet10/10 Feet Textures
,Recommended,292030,16006336,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,wing nut,I starred at my horses butt for 20 hours! 69/10 would play 1000 more hours!
76561198018073575,Recommended,292030,16006412,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,jamboman84,"EXPECTATIONThe one thing i and many others out there expect to be in our rpg games, because we have been so used to it for years that we just accept it as normal, are those tedious boring side quests that we only do for the xp/gold/sword etc, we have no interest in the character that gave us the quest or why they want us to go there, fetch that/collect ten of these or twenty of that, you know the quests i mean, the utterly pointless and is instantly forgettable ones.I'm now about 70 hour into this game, done lots of quests, side quests and witcher contracts and every single one has been enjoyable, even the ones i thought were destined to be boring just by their very nature, the horse racing and card quests, turned out to have very good missions attached in some way or another, i have not came across one single boring or tedious mission yet and i find it quite sad that those type of quests are considered normal in our games that i still fully expect to run into these type of quests at some point, because that's just what happens in rpgs.I really hope other game developers take note of what CD Projekt RED have done here because this game is an absolute masterpiece, yes there is a few niggles, the controls can be a bit iffy at times (on foot and on horse) the combat takes a bit of getting used too but after a short while you begin taking out groups of monsters with ease and style, as long as you have the right equipment and signs.The game looks great, plays great (minor niggles aside), sounds great, has some of the best characters and story i have seen which is delivered by the best voice acting i have ever heard in a game.Lets all hope that this right here, these side quests that are not just there for you to grind away with or to pass some time just for the hell of it, that these side quests, ones that feel like they actually matter, they become the norm.CD Projekt RED have set a new standard with this game, lets keep it this high and hopefully push it even further.100/10"
,Recommended,292030,16006867,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Drovil,"Not a big fan of the first two games. I feel like the dev's listened and made this beautiful master piece. Generally I'm not much on doing endless side quest, but I've found myself almost having done almost none of the main quest. Rather hoping from question mark to question mark, as well as rooting around for contracts. The combat is great, in many games complex multi direction combat just feels over complicated while done correctly it feels amazing. Loot, enough said, lots of loot and lots of ways to get it, all the loots, really. Some cons though, the handling on PC can be annoying, the game often overrides your wishes for overly dramatic animations. Also, enemy's seem to just hold block, while being able to hit you whenever they wish, as long as they started the animation no matter what you do, you're going to get hit. My last con is the lack of smiths! Huge world, with dozens of city's and villages, seems curious only five people in the entire world decided to take up smithing!"
,Recommended,292030,16006887,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,DrBeartacos,The new standard for RPG games. Doesn't get any better than this!
,Recommended,292030,16007645,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,fish,The best AAA game of 2015.
,Recommended,292030,16008121,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Nihilia,"Easily the best RPG game I've played in a LONG, LONG TIME. Seriously, I'm not even done with the main story yet, and I'm already looking forward to the next playthrough. Oh and GWENT.Just pick it up already, its worth your money. Kudos to CD Projekt RED, you've created a beautiful masterpiece."
76561198040099778,Recommended,292030,16008252,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,coffiblack,"I'm going to go ahead and call it now. This is going to clean sweep every game of the year award that there is. Not that that's much of a prediction. Kind of like saying I predict the sun will rise tomorrow. I don't have the time to sink into massive, epic games anymore, but I'll make the time for this one."
,Recommended,292030,16008327,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,sjoli94,"Pros:- Story= 10/10 it's just amazing!- New and interesting characters and you meet all your old friends.- Geralt is still as charming as ever!- You can play as Ciri.- Gameplay is deep and really fun and not too complex for beginners but fun when mixing in spells and Witcher traps.- Beautiful world that feels lived in and LOTS to do.- Music is amassing! (Downloaded it to my phone to listen to it when am not playing)Cons:- Few glitches that break your emersion and might sometimes crash your game. (Happened like 2 times in 60+ hours)- The horse’s movements are really bad in tighter spots, and spawns in dumb places at times, like inside houses....- crafting leaves a bit to be desired- Unskippable cutscene for loading and moving between areas, it take too long and after seeing them 15+ times get really annoying!- This is also a con for me, it has limited inventory space but there no bank or stash to put armor and weapons in. This sucks for loot ♥♥♥♥♥s like myself :P"
,Recommended,292030,16008616,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,bilsantu,The amount of unique swords is too damn high!
,Recommended,292030,16042858,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Jonificus,"Easily one of the best games I have ever played, at least my number 1 RPG. Already got a good 50 hours into it and it seems like there's plenty and plenty of more hours to play. 10/10, oh and The Bloody Baron storyline is fantastic!"
,Recommended,292030,16049746,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Brownsvillain,"WARNING: This game will make any other Open World RPG you've ever played feel bleh.The game just feels massive, the combat is challenging but very fun, I find the animations elegant and fluid. The game is incredibly immersive, and tells many great stories.I must admit I have always had trouble getting into any of the Witcher games and this one wasn't any different. These games have so much to take in, that it can be overwhelming at first. If you feel the same way I'd suggest buying the strategy guide, it really helped me understand everything, and now the game is much more enjoyable for me.Hope this helps,Cheers"
,Recommended,292030,16052676,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Gore=I3=,"Awesome - Through nd Through.Only mionor complaint I have is : The choices Ive had to make so far, definately feel like they're more good vs Bad than I remember in witcher 2 . In Part 2 the choices all seemed to have consequences and rewards, wasnt a good nor a evil choice."
76561198046572358,Recommended,292030,16053511,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Phantom Thief,"The game is pretty good, HUGE world to explore and a lot of thing to see and do.I'm 30 hours in and the story (from what i've seen) is ok nothing special even the soundtrack has only 1 or 2 songs that are great.The card game Gwent is awesome.9/10"
,Recommended,292030,16053778,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,BigBoy772,"10/10 Ign ""Medieval Bad Rats"""
,Recommended,292030,16054725,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,aPerfectPlayer,"Seriously, this is wonderful."
,Recommended,292030,16060294,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,The Drunk Bunny,TopKek/10 would Bant again
,Recommended,292030,16060889,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Callmedod-tor (ノ°Д°）ノ,"No day 1 DLC or pre-order bonusRunning good on my system, no game breaking bugthis is what a real video game should be"
,Recommended,292030,16063731,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Anirath,"I'm only about 7 hours in, but so far this game is awesome. The sheer amount of content is mind numbing. The voice acting is great, the plot is intriguing, the gameplay is entertaining, and it's just an all around great RPG."
76561198050616392,Recommended,292030,16066110,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Sasparilla,"I was not much into the witcher series, in fact I had never heard of it until I was handed witcher 2 by a friend. I have played and loved Dragon age inqisition, and by far Witcher 3 filled everything that game was supposed to be at least tenfold for me, the story is one of the best I have seen and everything else flows perfectly to keep up with that story. the only problem I can see is a few bugs (*cough cough* ""eye for an eye"") though with any luck that will be patched out, not to mention the already healthy modding community with may very well fix such a thing for us. I heartily reccomend Witcher 3 to anyone who loved Skyrim or felt that Dragon age inquisition was missing that special something. By far one of my top RPG games of all time."
,Recommended,292030,16067403,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,TobbRobb,The best game I've played in 3 years.
76561198091566353,Recommended,292030,16068294,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Dinner Thief,"One of the best all around rpgs I've ever played. Good graphics, excellent story, combat, and exploration. There's really not anything bad about the game at all.Less replay value or total hours of content, but the quality of content in the witcher was far better than other rival rpgs like skyrim or dragon age.  And it's still a long friggin' game.10/10"
,Recommended,292030,16069225,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Castle,"One of the most wonderful experiences I have ever had with a game. All the encounters and side quests you face in the game feel authentic. The dungeons and events all feel nature and rewarding, as if you have really experienced something."
76561197965562409,Recommended,292030,16069834,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Jar_Head,Amazing… Wow… What a beautiful game. Be prepared to put your normal life on hold and immerse yourself in the world of the Witchers. And what a world it is!
76561198061574243,Recommended,292030,16070556,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Colby,It's aight.
,Recommended,292030,16070590,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,117kk,No other open world RPG comes close to this one (except Elder Scrolls)!
,Recommended,292030,16070592,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,tr0n,"Nothing but good stuff. About 40 hours in and maybe halfway through level 9 now. I haven't really run into a sidequest that felt mundane yet, a couple may drag a bit, but the backtracking isn't really bad (and with the amazing countryside to gawk at, backtracking isn't really an issue! Go cross country and witness an amazing sunset from atop a mound of rotfiend corpses on the way!).The main story is captivating, in true Witcher form. Oops, pulled another all-nighter.My only complaints so far are minor stability issues resulting from a mild overclock, and the new alchemy system.This game is VERY sensitive to GPU stability. My overclock is very mild, no stability issues found during stress testing or other games, but this one finds them.As far as alchemy goes, I'm not a fan of the ""hotkey"" potions that you can instantly slam down while wrist deep in a werewolf's chest cavity, I prefer the strategic preparation required from the first two games. Luckily, mods are already popping up on the nexus to smooth out these minor issues! Can't wait until official mod tools are released, this game is going to stick around.In my opinion, while not required, play through the first two games and read up on the witcher wiki for backstory and character information. Really immerse yourself in the universe, remember who people are, remember what they did, remember that how you deal with them may have consequences 40 hours later!"
76561198100792282,Recommended,292030,16123029,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,kuhhhnn,Soldier man trololol!
,Recommended,292030,16130062,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,siraniks,"Ignite chest and open candles.You will feel Skyrim for this game when you leveled up, quest done and cast Aard sign like FUS RO DAH!Deeper than Skyrim, stories are deep, NPC's are great, romantic quest are better than Twilight.It's an Assassin's Creed without a Parkour.Every detail is a crisp even it wasn't the same from the first release of gameplay video ...The battle gameplay is very challenging even it has flaws.DLC's are FREE!11/10 worth it!"
,Recommended,292030,16143763,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Gucci,Really nice game!Try it out and you will see that you are stuck in this lovely world of adventures of the witcher
76561198025009336,Recommended,292030,16663689,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Phaseless,yeah boy.
76561198079562093,Recommended,292030,15975812,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,YTSJohn,3 hours in and I'm addicted. This game does so many things right. Challenging combat and an epic story line. I've crafted new armor and killed many things. Cool game 10/10 would bang
,Recommended,292030,15993121,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Vitras,"There is so much yes in this game. The textures, voice acting, animation, creatures, equipment, environment; I could go on and on. I have only felt this strongly about one other game, and with only 30 hours on record I think it's a safe bet that feeling will grow.Right off the bat, one of the most impressive things is how good the graphics are, even on low. My system is starting to show its age (i5 Alienware x51 with Nvidia GT 545), even with all of the settings low except for textures, level of detail, and SSAO, the visuals are great without hindering performance.The voice acting in the game is the best I have ever heard, which greatly complements the fluid scripts. I find myself getting distracted by even the most minor background character that picks up a chat with Geralt. I must admit though, Triss's voice seems a little.. awkward, though I'm not sure if that's the right word. Still, the game is very easy to get lost in with the character's alone.Animations are my weak spot. When I saw creases appear on the characters faces while they spoke, I almost drooled. And now I love riding on Roach for the graceful gallop animation. In conversation sequences, the animations are well thought out and play seemlessly.As for the size of the game, I can't say for sure yet, but Velen (the second area in the game) is quite vast and well varied all on its own. The areas that are available have no limitations i.e. closed off squares surrounded by trees with static boundaries. The swimming and diving is refreshing, since it seems there's a 50/50 chance that even a AAA RPG will have the ability to explore the waters. And while I'm on the topic of the environment and water, a cool little detail that I noticed is that creatures killed in or on water has their blood color the water. A very sweet surprise.The combat is definitely Witcher worthy. Two swords, signs, and potions. I didn't catch onto the bombs in the second game, and I haven't really in this one either, though they have their uses (nests). As for the new addition to the arsenal, the crossbow, I haven't found much of a use for it so I've pretty much been ignoring it. In combat, the action is about the same as the second game, which is greatly appreciated because it flows well.Something that I started to notice as I played is the loading time. To start up the game, maybe 3 seconds. To exit the game straight to the desktop, between one and two seconds. When using fast travel, never longer than 3 seconds, there was even one that loaded in half a second while I was moving to the other side of the map. After enduring DAI's loading times, this is amazing.Some of the monsters have been redesigned, amazingly so. Very gritty, ugly, and dark, just like it should be. The creatures are beautifully disgusting.As for the equipment, I like how realistic the armor and weapons are. Only the special witcher gear seems historically out of place, as it should. While still being early in the game, I haven't seen all of the different styles of armor yet. So far my favorite are the armors with a cloak. I love that Roach also has equipment, which also has useful purpose.I summary, I sure am glad the developers delayed the game so they could finish it. Beautiful, fun, gritty, and gratifying. I haven't ever pre-ordered a game before, but this game was damn worth it. I would honestly give this game a 10/10."
,Recommended,292030,16001310,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,ToDo,"9.9/10Roach sucks, Inventory could be a little better and swimming sucks. Everything else about the game blows it out of the water.GOTY"
76561198022152684,Recommended,292030,16003058,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,CreatriX,"Skyrim what ?Get this.You will hunt monsters,drink with kings,explore many dungeons,have sex with great looking woman.All the stuff amazing RPG game should have!"
76561198013564534,Recommended,292030,16031615,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Asperity,"To put it simply, so far it is the BEST 3d person RPG I've ever played.It looks astounding, the plot is intriguing, even side quests are interesting, amount of love put in this game is enormous.The game is filled with references to the books, voice acting is wondeful.This game is worth every single dollar.10/10 Best game of the year."
,Recommended,292030,16041248,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,della,Brilliant
76561198031076968,Recommended,292030,16059868,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Stavros,Killed a guy and his head popped out and fell in to a bucket 11/10
76561198143562851,Recommended,292030,16061806,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,whinkes,"I am almost to 100 hours played.  I am level 23 and I'm not done yet with the main quest.  The story is wonderful and the side quests are so much fun.  The world / environment looks so lifelike and its easy to lose yourself in.  A very, very, addicting game.  10 / 10.  This is the new standard for RPGs."
,Recommended,292030,20524542,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Vlaar,"I feel like The Witcher 3 may have ruined other RPGs for me. After I finished the main quest and put this aside, I tried playing other games and the problem is when I started them I felt... nothing.I tried playing DA: Inquisition but I just couldn't take it seriously. The same can be said about Fallout 4, they just feel dead and not at all fun to play. It's good that I still have the expansions to tackle because otherwise I'd be screwed. In any case, this game has it all. The characters are fantastic, the soundtrack is perfect, the visuals are breathtaking, the story is exciting and gripping and the world is vast and full of life. The funny part for me is that TW3 has side quests that are more interesting than some gameshave what they call ""a plot"".Oh and Gwent. That stupid card game is too damn fun. It's interesting how a mini-game is actually better than some card games out there.But, while the game is pretty damn good, it is not yet perfect. I guess the number one issue would be bugs/glitches, personally I was quite lucky and mostly unaffected. The only major bug I faced was a monster stuck in a wall, which made it easy for me to kill it. Thankfully the patches have been coming along nicely so if you pick up the game this will probably be a lesser issue for you. My biggest complaint would have to be the loot/rewards. I felt that it didn't scale up properly with the Player and most of the time the rewards ended up being worthless (to use, still good enough to sell) because I already had better gear.Overall this is the one. If what you are looking for is a fantastic open world rpg this is it. If you haven't picked up this game, I don't know what you're waiting for."
,Recommended,292030,20016487,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,RainForce,"This game is a masterpiece from start to finish. One of the best games I have ever played.Gorgeous graphics, awesome combat and a very entertaining story which doesn't get boringduring the gameplay. The world is very big and there are alot to explore and a big amount ofside quests.10/10would play again. xD"
,Recommended,292030,20452024,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Gamsk,"Its my game of the year for 2015, and perhaps my favourite RPG of all time.   Each quest seems organic. The world seems alive. I believe it surpassesDragon Age and Eldar Scrolls, with better writing, acting, and engaging the player.  Also you can engage at different levels.  You can get engrossed in a specific quest line, or you can randomly explore the open world and let your jouney take you to wherever it will.  And it's very easy to get back on track, when your ready to get back to the big story.  Graphics and Sound are amazing,Also there is an amazing game within a game, a Collectable Card Game called Quent that is amazing!!"
,Recommended,292030,20760242,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,bambles,This game is:C oolA amazingN ewC reativeE ducational andR ad!!
76561198145506637,Recommended,292030,21300260,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,MenyeMenye,"The story in witcher 3 is very rich and deep, awesome characters and i dont have to tell you about the graphics. it's outstanding!the most time consuming is that you have to load/save every time you have a dialogue so you can see the outcome of every choices you make, well for me at least.300++ hours and the only negative thing about this game is that soon it will end, sadlythank you CD PROJECT for giving me dozens of hours of fun.sorry skyrim, you have been dethroned"
,Recommended,292030,21536981,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,hentai.,"The Witcher 3 is an action RPG from CD Projekt Red. It puts the player in the shoes of one Geralt of Rivia, a stern, medieval mix of Bond and Solid Snake. You play through a deep story with fleshed out characters at every corner, even the ones you aren't really expected to visit.The Goal of a gameMost videogames have two very broad goals for their audience: experience of a compelling story and enjoyment of the gameplay. On these grounds alone, I think that The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt has succeeded immensely. The story is overwhelmingly satisfying with 36 variable endings tailoring around your decisions and play style. The characters? They're some of the fullest personalities I have seen in my time gaming. On two occasions, I have been presented with people I should have abhored and I did, initially, but through their stories and their dialogue, I actually found myself coming to seriously adore these characters and sympathize in a real way with them. CD takes their time in telling their tales, forcing you to really pay attention and get immersed.The Combat of the Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is something of a beautiful mistake, in my opinion. I really loved the Witcher 2's unforgiving, overly complicated combat. It made me really have to think ahead and take chances if I didn't know what was coming. The Witcher 3 has, in some ways unfortunately, dumbed it's combat down a slight bit. No more will you spend countless minutes setting up traps and readying your environment for the next fight. Instead, you are asked to simply oil up your sword before the fight and drink your many potions during. Now, that's not to say it isn't great. Simpler it may be, but I think it actually helps focus the game. The Witcher 3 is, in many ways, more about the narrative than most games. It shines when you are talking to characters (even the friggen peasants can wrench your heart) and investigating your environment. I found myself extending the time talking to people, most often because they took my fancy. I wanted to know them and their story. Luckily for me, they nearly always had one I could hear about. What's best, though, it's all natural. The voice acting sometimes just doesn't know it's in a videogame. It is too real at times but it just sucks you into the world even more.TLDR; the game sets out to do many things and, fundamentally, it succeeded in every way with flying colors.Minor GripesThis is a game that very obviously tries to create a very dark and very real world with issues like racism and poverty, etc. Things that generally, people don't want to talk about and I love it. But sometimes it just got too damn real. This game isn't for the faint of heart.  It tackles subjects ranging from r*pe and molestation to religious fundamentalism gone horribly wrong. Is it a bad thing? No but it won't be for all players. One must start this game with the understanding that it was done with the intention of creating a very real world. In the case of the r*pe example, it was used as a very potent vehicle to fuel my own desire for retribution...and it worked. Really        really well. I started questioning my own morality and what lines I would and wouldn't cross in the game.Second gripe, as with most large scale RPG's, just a few annoying and at times hilarious bugs.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is one of only two games I am comfortable with calling a ""perfect game,"" the other being Shadow of The Colossus. Now, I know that has a bit of ambition behind it and maybe it's a little misplaced, but I don't think so. The game contains a satisfying story with combat that feels entirely player-driven while still making you understand just how talented your protagonist is ( I'm-a lookin' at you, Assassin's Creed ). Without babbling on, this lovely bit of videogame history is probably worth the buy. It didn't have a world of hype behind it like Fallout 4, even if there was some. CD is still hard at work making a legitimate expansion if this giant of a story just isn't enough, and it probably won't be. You will find yourself wanting to return, in which case, go grab Hearts of Stone, the first paid DLC. It was fantabulous.Call me horrible but 10/10."
76561197998206702,Recommended,292030,21681590,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,falc,"When you are in the mood for a game that immerses you in its world and tells you a story, Witcher III is something  you should pick up.The game has a great atmosphere and music that pulls you in. Content wise there are a lot of 30 min to a few hour long story lines that you can play through in an evening, then put the game away, and come back in a few weeks to later to complete a few more. If you are up for a longer session there is tons to explore and do and while i'm a bit of completionist the game doesn't feel like it's forcing every location to you as you can turn off the ""?"" marks on the minimap which remind you of every unfinished random area.The best rpg made to date. Kind of what dragon age: origins and the original mass effect were in their own time."
,Recommended,292030,21905372,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,KaMp0riNi,"one of the best game I've ever played.  the gameplay,crafting,alchemy,dialogs,combat and etc is amazing. can't lie, the combat made me feel like a real witcher."
76561197967141896,Recommended,292030,23448495,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,__b__,Best RPG ever!I struggle to stop playing it as struggle to wake up and get to work.
,Recommended,292030,20445112,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Grease,"I killed a Griffin, which gave me 10% more chance to dismembre. 10/10 would dismembre again."
76561198069735211,Recommended,292030,21019482,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,DaHotFuzz,"This is quite possibly the best game I've played in 10 or so years.  It's right up there with The Last of Us as far as quality and story is concerned, as an example.  I do wish I had more time to write a proper review on this masterpiece.  I will say this though, it is worth full price and then some for the amount and quality of content you get here.  As a matter of fact I have 125 hours clocked and I haven't  done all the side quests or explored every location.  I still have to get the first expansion one of these days.  You're looking at a serious game right here that deserves your attention and more importantly time.The Witcher 3 got just about every single thing right and  improved on every single thing from its predecessor.  This is without a shred of doubt the pinnacle of modern day gaming.  CDPR, the developers, poured their blood, sweat, and tears into this and that is evident within an hour of playing, after which you will realize three more hours passed and your new adventure now has you hooked.10/10"
76561198071662268,Recommended,292030,21223470,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,✪ Frankie,"The Witcher 3: Wild HuntThis game is literally the best game I've ever played in my life.Pros:- 16 free dlcs- Multiple endings to the game- Gwent- Horse riding- Decision based dialogue- Kids swear at you- Tones and tones of swords and armor- Geralts beard growsCons:- There- Is- No- Cons10/10 Game, please buy it you will not regret it!"
,Recommended,292030,21372152,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Akatsuki-kyun,"A friend of mine once said that the Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a game with RPG like qualities and that it feels gamey. They were right, it has everything you wanted, Good combat that can be quick paced or drawn out.The combat I would say feels like Assassin's Creed where you can slice, chop, shoot crossbow bolts alongside with various poitions and witcher decoctions which can change the way you fight.The story is what really got me into seeing as the reviews average about at least 50 hours and more if you took your time, I can't really say much about the story since this is the big seller but I quite enjoyed most of the time I spent on the side quests and monster contracts.The game itself is actually very open and even by the time I finished on my first playthrough I still haven't explored all of the spots.There's boobs if you're into that and muscle (not at the same time).11/10 I would recommend buying this game at half price to get a good deal."
76561198098844894,Recommended,292030,21439424,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Dreams,This game is life you must get it.
76561198106667279,Recommended,292030,21445462,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,KinSlayer242,"Defs deserves game of the year! played though many times, each one different but the same amazing feel. Couple odd thigns like horse mechanics and the amount from fall damage. can't wait for the new DLC!"
,Recommended,292030,21535446,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,BST_Weirdo,"I purchased this game a while back in the sale; it's a shame I waited so long to play it, because it is truly amazing.I cannot express in words how big this game is. You can complete the main storyline and you will not have touched barely anything this game has to offer. If your PC can handle it, crank up the graphics as high as they can go; there is no game of its genre as beautiful as The Witcher 3.I was initially worried that the game would not turn out to be as good as the hype, but I was wrong. The only area for improvement would be the character customisation. I know Geralt is the main character of The Witcher series, but I feel that the customisation in the Elder Scrolls games puts it to shame. Apart from that though, there is no RPG (in my mind) that beats it."
,Recommended,292030,21637318,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,StfAlx,"I can trully say, that this game is a masterpiece. This is the greatest game of 2015. I can't imagine any other developer creating such an interesting game.- story is epic- complex quests- awesome fights- complex character development- decisions actually matterThe bar is set by the witcher 3 is so damn high now, i don't think any other games are worth comparing.Update: After playing the last DLC of Witcher 3, Blood and Wine, i have no doubt in my mind, this is one of the best titles in the history of gaming. CD Project RED earned my love & respect."
76561198170052491,Recommended,292030,21673219,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,andrewcarlson110,best game ever 1000000000000/10get this game
76561198082123142,Recommended,292030,21680296,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,xico,"Might be the best series I've ever played. What a tremendous conclusion to the decade long trilogy.The game is immersive and open and begs for many an opportunity to enjoy the scenery created by the developers. The story has several arcs that come together to be memorable as a gamer. There are plenty of praises given to this game that I won't repeat. The pros abound, I will add a couple shortfalls too.consI love the series and enjoyed the second immensely. My greatest gripe is the seeming loss of friendship that characters had with the protagonist in the previous 2 games. Come the 3rd part, key allies' relationships and depth of character was squandered on scenes that left me missing what was being founded in the second installment. Characters that had just a couple months ago fought battles for independence or order seem to carry none of the effects victory or loss has had on their psyche.As a result of this critique, based on the lack of thoughtful follow-up of the lives of characters the gamer has history with, if you choose some routes in the second witcher you will get no satisfaction of finding out more than a single-line--mention of some enjoyable characters.As great as the music is, a game of this magnitude deserves more attention to score in quantity of content. It is fantastic, and I want more!The last is a minor complaint. I would love to have a hide hud toggle button. The awareness of orientation and enemy conditions but the hud takes away from the experience. Currently, you need to change the hud (in)/visible through the settings section.Definitely my favored game in a really long time and would suggest it to gamers with proclivities toward the genre, it will not disappoint."
,Recommended,292030,21753034,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,thelonecourier,I would marry this game if I could.
76561198045176809,Recommended,292030,21768728,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,LordGeiger,"This game is basically flawless. If you're a fan of RPGs, this is a must-own. One common complaint I've heard is that it's too story driven. Admittedly, you will have to do some reading and sitting through long conversations, but this also provides depth and memorable characters that you actually care about. Geralt is an absolute badass. Quest types are varied enough that it doesn't get repetitive, and the combat is fluid and extremely satisfying."
,Recommended,292030,21779560,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,The Bear Jew,"So, let's kick off with the main selling point of this title which is not the open world, though many would argue otherwise, rather it is the finely crafted story of Geralt's last adventure, his last quest that he undertakes because he both has no choice and because he can not turn his back on his adopted daughter, Ciri. It's no secret that Ciri has been missing for years… thought to be on another world, but she has come back and the Wild Hunt chases her. Geralt must find her; whatever the cost and protect her as best as he can. To delve in any further would be filled with spoilers galore! Needless to say, the main quest-line is very attractive, one of the very best stories you'll find in a video game. It has a nice pace to it, although at first it is a slow-burn, which I like, making for a suspenseful overture to the meat and potatoes of the story-line.Now onto the world of The Witcher 3. It is absolutely huge! There is not as of this moment a game that is released at this time that has a larger world than The Witcher 3, each area, Velen, Novigrad, White Orchard, Skellige, are broken into regions, to which you fast travel to, and you might think, 'well that's not open world', but it is. Velen alone as one region in the game is larger than Skyrim to put it into perspective. Some of the other regions are smaller, some the same size as Velen, but none of them are larger than Velen. The world is gorgeous in every way. The colors are vibrant and suit the grim world of The Witcher 3 well. The skies are nice, there are some amazing thunderstorms in the game, and the water is stunning! Especially when in swallow waters. The world has a nice and varied landscape; from swamps to wheat fields and trees as far as the eye can see, to thick forests filled with monsters and rare herbs, to caves both small and large, as well as dungeons and Elven ruins; to snow capped mountains, sandy like; or desert like areas, to a huge blue sea, islands, and finally the most beautiful city I've ever seen in a video game. The city of Novigrad is quite huge and it'll take a while to explore it and grow accustomed to where certain shops are, ♥♥♥♥♥ houses and the like. The city is so large that I didn't see every alley or go through every gate into the city of Novigrad until I was well over 150 hours into the game. Do not worry, because this world is far, far from being an empty one. There are many things to do, many dungeons and caves to explore, many points of interest, such as taking out monster dens or monster nests and other points of interest in which you will find a letter on a corpse kicking off a treasure hunt or a secondary quest with its own quest-line. And there the treasure hunts that involve the witcher's gear. Arguably the best gear in the game.Right, the next thing to cover is gameplay; I mean after all, that is the main reason for why we play games and it is the most vital aspect for us as gamers. The gameplay is outstanding! Combat; which is something you will be engaged in a lot!  So, combat needs to feel great, it needs to make you feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥ while presenting a challenge. It is a difficult balancing act, especially for a game of this scope! CDPR managed to pull this off, mostly..Geralt actually feels and handles much like how a witcher should feel in combat, at least how I would have imagined a witcher handling himself in combat. Geralt swings his sword with utmost efficiency, it is almost as though he swings his sword in the mannerism that a samurai would swing his Katana, but more of a hybrid style, injecting techniques from European swordsmanship. Geralt's style relies heavily on speed and precision. Even then, Geralt has the strength and skill for harder, heavier swings for more heaviy armored opponents, or when dealing with one large monster or creature. The dodge mechanic is great way to conserve stamina without needing to roll out of the way all of the time, like one often needed to do in The Witcher 2. The dodge mechanic makes Geralt seem very limber, flexible and quick; light on his feet. Without a need to even parry, simply dodge an attack and position yourself for a back stab. While the combat feels great and is responsive and has enough animations to make you feel like you are a master-swordsman; especially if you invest heavily into the combat tree, basically the sword tree; some of the perks you may choose to learn offer even more animations, thus making you feel, and look like a force to be reckoned with, to which by this point you really are; and this is where the balancing act fell a bit short. In the beginning the game is quite challenging on the more difficult settings, however by the time you're level 20 and if you've specialized your build, even on Death March, you'll find little to no real challenge in facing enemies. Bosses are a bit different in this regard, and so are contracts… sometimes. Despite this though, the combat is a total blast. Dismembering your enemies with a sword stroke is always satisfying! And the AI seems to be taken aback for just a second, giving you room instead of pushing in. Or setting them aflame, that's fun to watch as well. There are so many different builds for this system that CDPR created that I feel the balance issue can be forgiven, because after all you can make a lore-friendly build that would actually inject some more difficulty back into the game without any mods, and like Geralt, you have a bit of everything at your disposal, a jack of all trades, yet a true master of none. You'll still rely mostly on your swords and even with only a few skill points into the combat tree, or none at all; Geralt's ability with a blade is impressive never-the-less.Geralt's horse, Roach is quite fun to ride all over the place actually. The horse is easy enough to handle, though be warned, galloping at full speed and hitting a somewhat sharp curve or turn will usually result in you going onto an adjacent road or Roach just stopping full right there. Bear in mind that Roach spooks easily and you can get as a reward, or buy better gear for your horse, one of those being blinders, which increases the amount of time before Roach becomes too scared and bucking you off and hauling off down the road without you.Mounted combat was something else that CDPR did very well. As far as mounted combat goes, I can't think of a game that does it better at this time of writing. It is very fluid and very satisfying, usually one strike ends the life of the bandit or monster you struck, especially if you are galloping.The audio experience is very moving, it really sets the tone for the urgency of the story, and whatever you're doing in between your main quest-line. I found one track to be spooky, one that plays when you visit arguably the spookiest place in the game. Crookback Bog. Everything from Geralt's sword sliding from his scabbard to the clinking sound of sword on sword, to the waves, to the wind, the rain, the death moans of the dying, the leather that Geralt is wearing, the sound of Roaches hooves clattering on various surfaces, to the sounds of sign casting; it all provides a very rich experience for players to immerse themselves in. I love the score for this game, it is hands down one of the very best!And as I had mentioned earlier, the voice over work is top notch. CDPR hired some good people to fulfill and bring these characters to life.Graphics: The visuals could have been a bit better, but I still find the game to be incredibly beautiful and even jaw-dropping at times, other times it leaves something to be desired. Geralt's skin, scars, and hair all look fantastic, as does his swords. Vital NPCs looks stellar too. The aesthestics of the gameworld are delightful. Some armors looks great, others have some low res textures. I could go on, but see for yourself!This game is a must. You should experience this game at least once; this game feels like an adventure!"
,Recommended,292030,21810387,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,mouzi,"There has been so much effort put into this game that I feel ashed to pay so little for it.The Witcher 3 has story line like in an excellent fantasy book (The Witcher games are based on book series by Andrzej Sapkowski). The graphics are so beautifull you think it is a high end movie. And the world is full of people with their stories. The game has good variety of monsters to slay, choices between good and evil, people to talk to, potions to brew, places to discover, weapons and armor to craft, and so much more.Just buy the game. You will love it, I know I do.5/5+ I´m really looking forward to the game expansion Blood and Wine."
76561198144921445,Recommended,292030,21836349,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,nicholas.sharp,"I've played RPG's for a very long time, starting back to the Ultima days...  Yeah, I'm that old.  I have to say - Witcher 3 is the finest RPG I've ever played.  Every aspect and detail is wonderful.  RC Projekt Red - you all ROCK!  You've set the standard I HOPE other manufacturers will try to achieve...  I would recommend this game to all RPG lovers..."
76561198016292463,Recommended,292030,21836712,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,eaten brains,"Best game of 2015, I thought it was better than skyrim.The story is insanely good."
,Recommended,292030,21932778,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,battlesnpr,I just couldn't really get in to it.
,Recommended,292030,21938086,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Scott,"A great game, made even better with references to the books. A dark and cruel world where there are always consequences to your actions. Rememberable characters with amazing storytelling, even for the simplest of sidequests. Geralt is as snarky as ever and it is fantastic. Best Witcher game of the three, but be sure to turn hairworks off! Thanks bunches."
,Recommended,292030,21938132,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Richard Burnish,everything about this game is great
76561198119646057,Recommended,292030,22032516,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Prince of Denmark,"""Witcher 3"" is gorgeous, action-packed, and overflowing with complex characters and quests that will make a mark for future game developers on how to gracefully end a trilogy."
,Recommended,292030,21773752,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,higherbrainpattern,"The Witcher 3 is one of the best RPGs of 2015. It has a good story, but what I really love about the game are the characters and the sense of exploration the open world gives me. I love the characters as well.Also, the combat is incredibly brutal but really fun once you get used to it.Please buy this game and play it."
76561198058473782,Recommended,292030,21803512,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,KDS-MCIG,"I got bored trying to find a bad review for this game. Best game of 2015, 16, 17 ..."
76561198087964919,Recommended,292030,25086956,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,DuHol,"The Game of the Century. Simply, must have game."
76561198170112358,Recommended,292030,23487950,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Winters,Looking for a good story with a lot of side quests and great game mechanics and graphics that surpass many others? This is your game.
76561198102542710,Recommended,292030,31594688,Posted: 6 May,all,kvjetak,"I was 12, maybe 13 years old, when I've read Sapkowski's Sword of Destiny and Geralt of Rivia became my new hero. I was amazed. By that time Diablo was my favourite PC game. The very first one. Many years later this two passions of mine, Sapkowski and games, have met and gave birth to a gem. An Arkenstone of gaming. CD PROJEKT RED, THANK YOU!"
,Recommended,292030,22052039,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,BoneJangles,"The Witcher 3 The Wild Hunt is a pefect game in my eyes. There are so many things to do i have played it like crazy on xbox one and went outta my way to purchase for the PC as well. Now when i say perfect im not saying without flaws every game has them... But it may be a glitch here or there but when you get passed them and dive into the world of Geralt you are treated with a story-rich and emotion packed adventure ( Just don't expect much emotion from Geralt... Witcher mutiations and all...) and yet this game makes you find out what had happened to your adopted daughter Ciri and go through hoops and hoops just to find her. You will also come across many familar faces throughout the world of the witcher, but you need not worry about knowing the backstory for this adventure. The game actually gives you brief moments to where you can ask what had happened previously in past games. This game is so jam packed with story elements that when you come across a side quest you might as well be doing the main story, you would not be able to tell the diffrence, That is how detailed this game is. Also the monster system....Man the monster system it is so well crafted there is actual moments to where you need to learn the monsters weakness to take them down... Well if you don't go on the lowest setting of difficulty that is... That is why i recommend playing on the hardest or second hardest setting to truely get the feel of actually fighting for your survival.That is why i would give this game a 10/10 for ratings it has been one of the greatest games i have played in a long time and i highly recommend it to all."
76561198117625627,Recommended,292030,26811580,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,❣Zephyr❣,Ish gewd game yis
76561198033242238,Recommended,292030,33438118,Posted: 10 July,all,TwoDownMike,"Insanely immersive open world. I am someone who struggles to get immersed into video games, very few have captivated me. The Witcher 3 has been the most addicting, immersive, and captivating of any game I've ever played! I remember being amazed at how massive Skyrim was and how detailed dialogue was, but the Witcher seriously takes it up a notch. The cutscenes feels like I'm watching a movie and can't wait to see what happens. The character development is done masterfully. There are moments you'll find yourself overjoyed by certain events and others you will feel a heart wrenching pain. The Witcher 3 is an experience I believe every gamer should have, it truly is a mastepiece unlike anything I've ever played!"
76561198031523813,Recommended,292030,23474318,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Infidel72,This game deserves place in Louvre museum along with all other masterpiece of art ......
76561198263760863,Recommended,292030,20014645,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,nirov,Better than skyrim.
,Recommended,292030,24921144,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Azthall,"There are lots of good comments listing pros and cons, all you need to know in addition is that Witcher causes PWS.PWS (Post Witcher Syndrome): the inability to enjoy any other game more than simply wandering around on Roach along Skellige mountains after you have finished Witcher 3: Wild Hunt.Oh and, it is also the best game I have ever played in my life."
,Recommended,292030,33260764,Posted: 4 July,all,Tan,"Excellent end to the Witcher story. Beautiful environments, tons of background stories and lore. Very gritty take on how war ravages the land it goes through.Combat is clunky at the start, but gets more enjoyable after you start leveling up. I personally recommend an alchemy build focused on oils or bombs, and some points in heavy attack.If you find yourself getting bored, quit doing sidequests and go through the main storylines, you won't regret it.Team Yennefer forever."
,Recommended,292030,18065974,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Reaper,Just the greatest game that I've ever played ever.
76561198043826786,Recommended,292030,16288032,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Vanguardian,"As the third game of a franchise I admired and loved for a long time, Witcher 3: The Wild Hunt was worth the wait for 3 years of development. The story,graphics, gameplay. They are just flawless and unique the way they were designed. I also became fond of potions in crafting this time more since they changed it in a way makes you feel worth investing your time for those. This is a must play RPG and definitely deserves every cent spent for it. Wild Hunt out of 10 would restart the whole game just to see wha would happen if I went in a whole different path in the game."
,Recommended,292030,17439969,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Xephyros,Best blowing out candle simulator ever 10/10
,Recommended,292030,31308581,Posted: 22 April,all,KFF | Pablo Escobar,Definitly the best game i'v ever played
76561198119524249,Recommended,292030,22758967,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,ZTZ Reaper ZTZ,This game does not need a full in depth review. It is the greatest game to have ever been produced. Read the books.
76561198241542578,Recommended,292030,22828574,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,RC,"This is my first time to write a review, and im confident to say that this game is brilliant.. I highly recommended this  game to anyone, worth the price..Pros:1. Nice graphics2. Great Gameplay3. I love the rpg in this games, more ways to play geralt in any build you prefer4. The storyline is superb as if you were watching a movie :)5. I love gwent hehe6. Free DLC's7. More side quest and missions to spice up the gameplay8. Long hours of gameplayI will support the dev. in this game and i will surely buy all the expansions hope to see more kudos.. :)"
,Recommended,292030,25126587,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Geralt of Rivia,"M'kay, I decided to review this once again. Jesus♥♥♥♥♥♥Christ how awesome is this game? Awesome enough to force me to write a whole fockin' essay about it.So right now I have about 350h. And I've been playing it since May 2016 when I got my High End PC set up. Why does it matter? Because I've been playing this archmasterpiece since day one - May 19th 2015 on my PS4. PS4 version is far worse than PC port but lets leave that shiit of a subject and focus on PC port and what this game is truly made for (not console). Anyway I did almost 1000h on my PS4 and as much as you see here on Steam.I've played crapload of RPG throughout my life. My first one was Gothic, then Morrowind, Gothic II, Neverwinter Nights, Fable, Oblivion, Witcher 1, Dragon Age, Gothic III, Risen, Dark Souls, Witcher 2(more of a action RPG), Skyrim, Dragon Age II, Risen 2, Fallout III, Dragon Age III, Dark Souls II, Risen III..... but no game ever made before was as stunning as The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt.This game (bow) isn't an RPG game - it's more of a form of an amazing story simulator that takes you on an adventure that you will remember for a lifetime. You know what? Don't play this game. It's all ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t because after you're done with this, you will fell as empty as I do, your life will become worthless and you'll fell as uneccesary as Priscilla's shiit of a hat. M'kay, jokes aside.To play this awesomness you don't need to be a typical RPG player. I believe everyone would appreciate this since every lifeform with brains appreciates a good story. On Steam Sales price tag on this title is a fockin' joke - $25 for this game is oh shiit waddup. This game is worth even $100 in the light of other developers, other studios and other titles. And you will think as I do after you're 150h into the game and you're like 'damn I didn't even finish this game'. Enough about price - this game is priceless.About the game itself: I've played thousands of hour in RPG games during my life. Nothing comes even close to how amazing Witcher is. I do have to admit I've always been the biggest fan of Witcher series, I shiited bricks when I got to know about first Witcher game when heard about it in 2005 since I've read the books before. I'm not going to write anything about the story of this game since its so complex and so amazing that it doesn't require my recomendation nor my aproval.General question! 'Should I play previous Witcher games before playing the third one?' - You want to play at least Witcher 2 - story is basically conected and The Witcher 3 is a direct continuation of a story from second game. But you want to play all Witcher games - even for the story and to expirience how this game has changed.If this game has any GLITCHes and BUGs it's only making it more beutiful. The only things I can think of are: focking candles, roach you stupid ♥♥♥♥♥, again them focking candles, fock you wraiths. But the serious ones are rare flaws with game mechanics and combat. It's understandable since game is so big and so complex.I could write about it on and on and on but you don't want to read my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it anyway so here are the conclusions:GRAPHICS: 9/10 - hate that downgrade. This game is visually stunning but there was pretty big downgrade because of shiit of a consoles. I wish game looked more 'photorealistic' on 1440pMUSIC: 10/10 - amazing climate, beautiful tunes and always on point. I'm actually surprised that this game hasn't got much recognition for it's original and super interesting soundtrack.CONTENT: 11/10 - it took me nearly 300h to complete the game 100% (both base and both expansions [BaW; HoS])STORY: 12/10 - score says it all, this is all ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it, your life becomes worthless once you complete this game. After you're done with The Witcher 3 your will realise how meaningless your life is and how much you would like to be in The Witcher universe. Story is complex, difficult, dark, mature and just incredible. I don't know enough words in Enligsh to describe how mesmerizing this is. Shiit I dont even know how to describe awesomeness of this story in my primary language.MECHANICS: 10/10 - pretty awesome with minor and rare flaws. You can point out more but some flaws started to bug  me after 1000h so have fun with your flawless 1000h of Witcher 3.COMBAT: 10/10 - visually stunning, very effective combat. It's pretty simple to operate and learn (which is good) but it's not always simple to play. You want to play on the highest difficulty to expirience this as much as you can. Combat itself is  a lot about strategy and tactics - it's not hack and slash - you need to genuinely think what you're doing in the battlefield.GAMEPLAY - 11/10 - no more words. Score says it all. I've never given a game 10/10 and I'm giving this title 11. Because I love it. And youll love it too once you start playing this. It's not a game - it's my other life.+ AWESOME BADGE+ GOTY MATERIAL (followed by GOTY BADGE)235/10 would follow the path again, waiting for your move CD Projekt RED, give us next Witcher game at least as much amazing as The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt"
76561197990211039,Recommended,292030,16282247,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,wafflewoffle,"Oh man... just... ahhh... Truly a story like no other! Plenty of references for the book readers in this one, just like in the two previous games. Never experienced a story driven RPG this good, I want to play it through again soon and explore every ploughing piece of land out of it (again)! (after the first two, those save files yo) Couldn't have imagined a better ending to the stories of Geralt and his pals. Hope to get my hands on the expansions soon!And from the bottom of my heart,thank you Andrzej Sapkowski, and CD Projekt Red. I will always have a special place in my heart for The Witcher series. :')"
,Recommended,292030,15977136,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Eldibs,"You can throw a baby in the oven, and that has a positive outcome. Graphics are okay. 10/10Edit - Free DLC is nice, expansions are worth the money. 11/10"
,Recommended,292030,16885184,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,quali,hi
,Recommended,292030,23484080,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Droghis,Best game ever.No cons.
76561198041708325,Recommended,292030,20402485,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Akiraspin,"Fallouts asleep beneath the trees,VATS all are swaying in the breeze,But one soul lies anxious wide awake,Fearin' all manner of bugs, crashes and rage.Nerds fall silent for the night,Devs turned in as daylight dies,but one soul lies anxious wide awake,For the Witcher 3, brave and bold, is pure ♥♥♥♥ing gold.Pure. ♥♥♥♥ing. Gold."
76561198038367902,Recommended,292030,25194767,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,TheWombInvader,"The Good:The Witcher 3The Bad:I don't remember the last time I ate, because The Witcher 3If you like RPG's, or just things in general, buy this game.  I should have just bought this instead of No Man's Sky.6/9 perfect score, would play again."
76561198057208454,Recommended,292030,32245337,Posted: 7 June,all,Ssdd,10
,Recommended,292030,30662046,Posted: 21 March,all,pH. mmSNAKE,"I was slightly late to this party. Nearly two years since the original game came out. At the time I wasn't able to run the game properly so I put it out of my mind until I could. I grabbed the goty edition with all the dlcs and expansion. I can safely say that for $50 I paid for it was well worth it. I don't normally get half the value for games I pay more than that.Looking at responses for this game, they are overwhelmingly positive, and while I personally feel a lot of it is more than deserved, the game is not pristine perfect. The faults or oppinions I have that aren't positive don't come close to outweigh the massive amount of things CDPR did correctly with this title, but nevertheless I will make note.Like most issues I've seen there isn't any aspect I considered completely negative, more of mixed feeling on the matter. So lets delve into combat. The combat is for lack of a better word: simple. This isn't a game that will have complex executions or impressive strings, counter systems or such. Attacking is done by light and heavy attack. Your control in which strike (animation) is determined by movement, gap and which strike was prior to it. This gives you less control over exactly what you want. Most people who play won't probably even notice. I put this up because I notice, and usually these things matter to me. I primarily play games for gameplay, story and the rest come as an afterthought. Anyway what this means is Geralt will perform say his 360 angled slash as he spins towards the enemy, when you might have wanted a quick lunge, due to animation length you might get interrupted.  Thankfully you can interrupt any attack animation with a roll or dodge and avoid injury. Dodging and rolling also have absurd amount of i-frames. If you like that or not, is up to you. Fine movement is a problem, you can easily dance around your enemies without little issue, but making small precise movment, either in combat or trying to pick up something specific and you will end up overshooting your mark. This happens often. It's a minor thing, but over few hundred hours it happens a good deal (died off a cliff few times to it).In general combat is simple, light attack, strong attack, block, dodge, roll, your five signs, bombs and potions. There is no real complexity to the combat (outside of assembling a build), and depending what sort of gamer you are this can mean absolutely nothing, or it can end up making you question game balance. Fresh run through the game (lv 1) and NG+ are worlds apart in balance. In fresh run you will quite likely end up using everything in your disposal to best certain foes. In NG+ if you have even a passing interest in mechanics you are bound to create a build that can whack to death monsters any level above you with relatively little ease. Personally I'm ok with empowerment, makes you feel like a force of nature, when you cleave 20 bandits in 3s, but it can be disjointed. This sense of raw power won't happen until you unlock your mutations in Blood and Wine expansion. When you get the one you plan to build around (bunch of them are just absurd powerful) and you can expect to kill anything that moves by more or less looking at it. I played on blood and broken bones, but considering how hard I can hit, it wouldn't make a difference on Death March (when I'm critting 40k+ with a sword, enemies with 8k HP matter little if their health pool doubles).Like many open world games the game uses a preset of templates for their NPCs. I'm used to hearing the same voice actor (Roche's for example is so distinct, easily picked out even when a common thug is talking), but when they use the same facial models over and over I notice. It's fairly minor, but over the course of 200h or so I noticed on regular basis. This is strange in contrast to their landscape, which I can only give superlative praise, the wilderness, the cities and so forth. Everything feels more genuine, hand picked and crafted. It doesn't get a feel of randomly generated tiles like a lot of these games do (beause it wasn't). This was honestly one of the biggest wow moments in this game. Going through this world, and every place is its own. Even the elven ruins that occasionaly repeat tend to have slight noticable differences.The main story I felt was very straight forward. It was cliche 'save the world' plot one fetch quest at a time nested within many others. It doesn't mean the characters weren't engaging, or that interactions between them were poor, they were all fantastic, but the main story itself was simple straight forward, with little twists, reprocusions or deviations. On the other hand, the side content (which will be the majority of the game) is superb. Even if some missions follow the same template (like contracts do). Pick up contract -> haggle for money -> ask for clues -> use detective mode to track the monster -> kill monster -> claim reward. Each still feels relevant and grounded to the area and people about. Each monster brings its own situation and flair, and first time around you will be constantly shuffling what sort of bombs you use, what signs you use, and hoping you have the right oil and potions. There certainly will be missions that deviate from it, and have a twist, but that is neither here nor there. Side missions are amazing. They are what will determine the political outcome in the land after the game, they are what determine the fate of all characters that have different outcomes possible. They offer a HUGE range of stuff to do. From playing cards (gwent) to fighting, to racing, to finding thieves, breaking curses, killing monsters, or changing the political situation of the place. This is something that is probably the best executed content for open world game I've seen to date. You always spend more time in side stuff anyway in these games, and side content here really shines with briliance, especially the Blood and Wine expansion (which I'll probably write up its own review).Tying into the side content it's important to talk about pacing. Open world games have a huge flaw with pacing. So much of it is reliant on doing optional stuff that it usually kills the pace of the main story, but because how side content is done here, as well as how most main missions are structured (you usually tracking something down), the pacing in this open world game is the best I've ran across in these types of games. There isn't any activity that I felt bogged down to. You can constantly mix and match stuff, never keeping it monotonous.As I noted earlier, the balancing has issues with fresh game into NG+. Not a big deal, but there is one aspect that can irk people (I didn't mind). You will say do one quest, you are lv say 15. You fight some drowners or whatever, you move 20 yards to the left over a hill to run into a griffon that is 10+ levels above you and at the time you have little or no way of killing this thing, forcing you to run. Expect to get into this sort of situation plenty of times. The map of velen and Novigrad feels like a city of Chicago, a chessboard with areas that are friendly and then not so friendly one right next to the other. In NG+ this means little. You could probably kill any enemy of any level when you have your build going, the skull icon will be more of a guideline to make most of your xp.Overall, the amount of content this game offers, through main quest, various side content, empowering combat and its grim colorful world is extremely impressive. I could write more, but I found out these reviews have a character limit. While this isn't a small game, it is difficult to cover everything in it. So to conclude, yes the game was worth every penny, even off sale. The developer gave us absurd amount of content for paltry sum in compared to what others do for the same amount. You buy this game and you will get multiple games worth in today's standards."
,Recommended,292030,19272878,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,CyberNetic,Best game ever.
76561198171238315,Recommended,292030,19129223,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,danstew23,"It seems futile to even write a review about this game, considering how successful and critically acclaimed it is. Still, I'd like to share my opinion, and hope it is helpful.If someone was to ask me what my favorite game this year was (even though there are still six weeks left before 2016, and at least one more game that I am interested in will be released this year), it has to be this one.This is actually my second review... I deleted the first one, as I just started my second playthrough. I got the game when it first came out, finished it and had a blast, enjoying it tremendously.I wasn't sure how much replay value this would have, but starting another playthrough, I realize it's almost as much fun as the first time, even though you know the reveals etc. I will make different choices this time, seeing how much things will change when I do.In a nutshell:- Graphics are beautiful and very atmospheric, and the game is well optimized. I have an i7 4790, 16 gigs of RAM, a GTX 960 with 4 GB RAM. The first time I played this, I still had a GT730, and even with that card, I was able to play the game and it looked nice. With the 960, it's even more beautiful.- The soundtrack is totally awesome IMO- Difficulty ofc depends on what you pick, but I thought it was fun, challenging without being unfair. You will need to do some research (in game) on the different kind of monsters, using oils and stuff, and figuring out what you'll be fighting (contracts) is very cool... I love that moment when I know what I am fighting, meditate, go to the haunted spot and hear the monster approach.- This game has some AMAZING writing. The characters are sometimes quite mysterious, and IMO not as cliche as you see in so many other games. They might be evil, but often have a soft spot, or a reason for their behaviour, or do something unexpected. So many dramatic stories here, and the storyline in general is VERY well-written- So much stuff to do. Some of it can be a tiny bit grindy, but on my first playthrough, I did pretty much every bit of side-content until I eventually moved ahead and focussed more on the story.- No glitches, no crashes, only one bugged event (Geralt drew a sword, but it wasnt in his hand, so I didn't do any damage. Happened ONCE)- The atmosphere... omg, it's hard to explain really. I have no idea why but the world of the Witcher, the setting, the landscapes and towns captivated me right away. There is a quite dark and foreboding vibe to the world... riding through the forests at dusk, with rain coming down and the wind blowing... it's SO well done, so very beautiful. MGS, AK, FO4...none of these games captivated me even half as much. I am not sure whether its the graphics, the design, the music, the writing, or a mix of all that, it just sucked me right in.- Replayability. I started playing when the game came out, and now, about half a year later, I started another playthrough. And it's FUN. Yes, of course I now know all the big reveals of the main story, but still, it's fun to play it again. Will try a slightly different spec and playstyle this time (because you can eg. focus on swordplay or signs or the other weapons, mix them the way you like. My first build was relying very much on signs, using Igni and mind-controlling enemies).- DLC... check out the list of FREE DLC that the devs have added. I was blown away when I reinstalled the game and saw quite a list of free DLC. Some of it minor, some adding quests etc. Plus, the first expansion adds SO much to the game, it's amazing, especially considering the price.- Controls are... a bit wonky. Have a bit of that ""drunk"" feeling, a bit too rough and inaccurate. You eventually get used to it, but compared to games like the Arkham Knight or some of the AC games (and these games have control issues as well, mind you!), it felt a bit too...loose.Pros:- Graphics and optimization- Amount of content- Music and sound- Story and writing (!!!!)- Fights- Very mature topics, things you don't have in games too oftenCons:- Lore and stories might be a bit confusing to newcomers to the franchise- Same for crafting, inventory management, alchemy- Wonky controls, not quite precise enough"
76561198052368822,Recommended,292030,19727280,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Opacho,By far the best RPG I have ever played in a long time and the most fun I had after Dragon Age:Origins.Must.Buy.Immediately.10/10
76561198069097359,Recommended,292030,15985099,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Yomommallama,"It took me 50 hours to even finish the main story and I loved it.This game is crammed with tons of quests, stories, and things to do. Every way you turn there will be someone asking for help or some valuable treasure to find. The combat is quite similar to that of Witcher 2, so if you mastered that game's fighting you will do well in this one. Like every game, the universe is deep and immersive; yet better than the other two games is the fact that you have more morale choices to make. One of my FAVORITE features of the game is the apparent lack of loading screens. You never have a loading screen unless you're changing regions.10/10 Best RPG since Skyrim"
76561198086034547,Recommended,292030,33201258,Posted: 3 July,all,Snuggles,"I hadnt got round to playing this game until now becuase since the release i've been preparing for my final exams, in that time the anticipation built up so much from people saying this is the best game they had ever played, and somehow in that time the entire story remained un-spoiled for me.I was going in blind having never played a witcher game before, not a huge RPG guy, ive only really played Skyrim, the Fallout games, so i was excited to be finnaly be playing this game. I loaded it up in the morning at around 10AM, and didnt turn it off until 2 in the morning.....I have never been so captivated in a virtual world, engrossed in a story i am realativly unfarmiliar in, it was mind blowing. Everywhere you go there are people vying for your time, dozens of quests in the first map section alone, with each providing different challenges and worthwhile rewards.I spent hours thinking of what decisions i should make to get my perfect ending, i cried at several points in the story, and in others i was sat watching cutscenes in awe punching the air and cheering when geralt or whoever slayed the foes i had been made to hate by the game, watching ciri and geralt fight people was genuinly exhilerating and i really wanted them to prevail.The ending of the game blew me away and left my emotionly shook up, i was plonked back into the game world afterwards left sad and lonely because it had ended, all the characters i had grown to love were gone, i know it sounds soppy but it really was devastating, so i went on nexus and downloaded a companion mod to have everyone back, without it the ending is a little like the ending of RDR where you dont really want to play anymore because everyone is gone.If i could have 3 wishes one would be to be able to wipe bits of my memory on command, so that i could play games like The last of us, Red dead redemption etc back from the beggining with no recolection of what happens, this game is a new one to add to that list of games, its an all time great that makes you fall in love with characters in an instant, the way they interact is done, to show their relationship amazingly even without words,This game is a must play, even if you must buy a new PC to run it. Im nearly 50 hours in in under a week and im not even slightly bored, WHEN i 100% it, il probably start a new game just to replay this masterpiece.5/7 - IGN"
76561198139014588,Recommended,292030,25771335,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Bloodsider,The best game I have ever played.
76561198029138394,Recommended,292030,33210088,Posted: 3 July,all,hammet,"This game is amazing, love every bit of it. This is the kind of game where there are lots of side quest to keep you busy making your money worth the buy. Unlike other games where campaign falls short and they are expensive and worst their DLC are more expensive too."
,Recommended,292030,33907442,Posted: 30 July,all,Leo Ri,"This is perfect RPG. Future games (not only RPG) will be compared with The Witcher 3 now and it's awfull!Witcher 3 is my favorite game now. The amount of quest, storyes, details in the game are amazing."
,Recommended,292030,33918017,Posted: 30 July,all,Cap'n Longbeard,I think I learned everything about the monsters. I now understand the people around me
76561198168848778,Recommended,292030,22487148,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,MacGregor,Best game I have ever played.
76561198061159934,Recommended,292030,22484183,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,TrainMe,best game ever made..period
,Recommended,292030,19987329,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,BigTimeFalse,"This game has a bit of steep learning cuve at the start, but as soon as I realized the scope of the content and figured out the combat, it became an enjoyable experience unlike any other. Cannot stop playing."
,Recommended,292030,21518292,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,HBM,This game is up there with the best I have played and I have only just started it. So much to do. Story so far has been amazing. Music is great. Highly recommended if you like a game that has alot to do.
,Recommended,292030,25323948,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,HyperFlyer76,"The amount of detail in every quest, sidequest and little things is astonishing. I spent over 100 hours on my first playthrough and I don't think I've seen it all. Even the downloadable content is as big as other AAA games. Would recommend to no-life."
76561198115028598,Recommended,292030,16000759,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,iSlay,"Amazing game with story elements I have never seen before. Amazing action combat similar to the Arkham franchise. The combat is also similar to Shadows of Mordor. The minigame Gwent is fantastic. CD Project did a great job with it by keeping it simplistic. Also, you will never run out of things to do. Many areas to explore and things to collect and loot. Great game overall- 10/10 for me. Buy this game is you want to have a great time."
,Recommended,292030,27717001,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lihajar,Thanks a lot to CD Project Red for possibilty to return to the wonderful world of Sapkovski's books again and again.
76561198062381979,Recommended,292030,32982286,Posted: 29 June,all,Lonar__Muffin,Game of the century
,Recommended,292030,23221904,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Demii,One of the greatest RPG's of our time. Truly epic journey and beautiful graphics make this a must for any Adventure loving Gamer.
,Recommended,292030,27179261,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lu,Not made by ubisoft 11/10
,Recommended,292030,29247092,Posted: 14 January,all,PLeBdaY,"Rich and beautiful storylines, amazing graphics, and the music is out of this world..One of the best rpg game I've ever played. I think that some people might be shocked by the tiny sophisticated details in this game.. I cannot imagine how much work and time the developers put into creating this amazing masterpiece of a game.. I worry that now I won't be easily satisfied when playing other rpg games because I don't think any game can beat this marvelous one. I highly recommend gamers and even non gamers to give this game a go.10/10"
76561198028150578,Recommended,292030,23521200,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Kainos,"CDPR claims this is the last of their Witcher series for awhile with no plans for the next one....or at least the fourth is very far off in developement, if ever. I'd gladly dish out for more of this kinda entertainment. By far one of the best games ever imo, in all my years of gaming. Not gonna post Pros and Cons b.s., enough other reviews for that, but if you got a nice rig to play this at high or ultra on pc with mods (if you desire)...then your in for one helluva ride. Love every minute of it and hope to see CDPR's next game if it's half as good as this one!"
,Recommended,292030,22898426,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,The Neon Sheep,"The single greatest PC game I've ever played. Achieves everything the RPG genre could manage, in a mature, nuanced, beautiful package.I can't bring myself to finish it, because then it'd be over."
76561198048506574,Recommended,292030,26844481,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sinister Snek,10/10
,Recommended,292030,28519637,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,BagusSaeba,Team Triss here...!
,Recommended,292030,31716307,Posted: 12 May,all,Al-Karbi,"It is very simple, this game you just buy it and ENJOY your time playing it.I have it in GOG and bought GOTY Edition in steam."
76561198046978524,Recommended,292030,20555736,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,JediBlitz,348.4 Hours after playing this game.. Still cannot get enough! This game has forever engraved a mark in my heart and is one of my best games of all time! Even though I havent played the older Witcher games so much and started with this one! I enjoyed every moment! Thank you CD Projekt Red for making this masterpiece!
76561198018878250,Recommended,292030,28892923,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Eerie_Mage,"This is the most entertaining game I have ever played. I got this game knowing very little about the series and got more than I expected and I only finished the base game so far.Pros:+ Unique world to explore with many beautiful sights to see and fight in+ Story is rich and characters are hard to forget+ Combat feels good+ Great sound track+ Quest/missions feel different and fresh+ Different ways for some quest and the main mission to end give it some replayabilityCons:- Can be overwhelming at the start for those new to the series (because of things like the controls, lore on beasts you fight, references to past games or books)- Will set a high standard when comparing other open world rpgs"
,Recommended,292030,15897642,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Source,"This is to be edited upon further playing.Pros so far:- Story is really good so far- Facial expressions are good- Gwent can be fun, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥do NPCs have OP decks.- Open world is nice (Though I find it poorly done in some cases. I think I like Skyrim more overall, in terms of open worldness)- Some of the music is really good- Bloody Baron of Feels (Easily one of the best side quests ever)- No level cap- UI seems like it was fixed- After patch 1.07, the movement system is much better. (Using alternative movement)- I actually have a stash now. Thank god.Cons so far:- Downgrade is real (Some foliage looks really bad)---http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2015-05-19-cd-projekt-red-tackles-the-witcher-3-graphics-downgrade-issue-head-on- No dice poker/Arm Wrestling (Gwent isn't a good way to make money. Apparently fistfighting is in the game though, as is horse racing.)--- Apparently Geralt is supposed to be poor all the time.- Most of the things you got used to in TW2 have changed--- Alchemy system is weird (Make a potion once, forever refill it with alcohol. Seriously, just meditate and that♥♥♥♥♥♥refills)--- Leveling/attribute system looks/feels weird (I enjoyed the leveling system more in TW2 and TW1)- Horse can be a dunce sometimes (It can't even swim)- Horseback combat is almost useless. It's only good for chasing fast enemies and firing crossbow bolts- They play a movie every time you load a save, it can be very annoying if you load a lot, or if the game crashes a lot (livvnrussian, you are absolutely correct)- Some of the battle music can get really annoying (You know the track I'm talking about)- Feels like a console port (It probably is)After patch 1.05 was released, I played for 8 hours. I had only one crash, which is a great improvement. Some of the other issues have been fixed as well.After patch 1.07, a lot of stuff I've had issues with are fixed. Enough that I can actually recommend this now."
,Recommended,292030,28893517,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Cory,Arguably the best fantasy action RPG ever made. Buy it.
,Recommended,292030,28734781,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,einriech,"Single player games have always been one of the most challenging games for me to get sucked in to and really invest a lot of time in. Not since Castlevania: SOTN or Legend of the Dragoon have I felt that passion for a single player game reignited.The immersion in this game is phenominal. The world is huge, the story and lore behind everything is fantastic. I personally love the combat system in this game, it feels very fluid (99 percent of the time).When I bought this game I was actually going through a dry spell of sorts. There just wasn't really any games out there that particularly interested me, was even considering not gaming anymore (insanity), and bought this one on a whim.Needless to say, again, this game reignited my passion for gaming. Showed me that there are developers out there that do care about making a genuine enjoyable game, not just one thats pushed out to make hype sales, and that truly listen and care about their fanbase.**If you are looking for a game to reignite your passion for gaming, reestablish your faith in developers, or to enforce an already existing passion, this game is it.**"
,Recommended,292030,28815494,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Code,"This game is one of the only games where I can't get out of my chair. It's just so good at luring you into its great story and it's overall just a blast to play. With only 19 hours on it at the current moment i'd say it could become my favorite game ever very soon. And that's saying a lot. So on a rating scale 10/10 so far worth every dollar, definetely a must play of a game."
76561198040171614,Recommended,292030,16147448,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Aemone,"This is the best game of 2015 hands down, would HIGHLY reccomend it."
76561198164737241,Recommended,292030,29951735,Posted: 15 February,all,froshgreen,Solid 7/7 equalizers.
76561198067931763,Recommended,292030,28816422,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,DrakeRathan,"Bought it on sale and I feel bad for not paying full price. Thats how good this is.Breathtaking world with tons to do and a difficult but cool combat system. Riviting storyline with unique encounters, and awesome beastiary of enemies to fight against."
,Recommended,292030,16069465,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Kz,"First time in Witcher world ! Stunning game experience, will need more time to get comfortable playing with keyboard & mouse mode. Wonder if gamepad will be more suitable for me...."
,Recommended,292030,23043661,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Shacklz,"Amazing game, can only recommend it. Awesome graphics, really good soundtrack, solid storyline with lots of choices you can make."
,Recommended,292030,15911243,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,The Mean Man,"I beat the snot and teeth out of a drunkard baron and made him carry a zombified, miscarried fetus while it was trying to kill him.10/10 highly recommend"
,Recommended,292030,29796425,Posted: 8 February,all,Datrix,"9/10+What amazes me most about this game is there is just so much to it, and despite that, nothing feels like a tacked on after thought. Every system is crafted with thought and care and is full of depth. Take The Witcher's in-game card game Gwent as a well documented example, it's more fun and has more to it than some stand alone card games, and that's just a single piece out of a massive game. Add in some of the best graphics and quest design I've ever seen, great music, well written dialogue, a solid story that leads you through an interesting fantasy world and you've definitely got the formula for one of the all time greatest RPGs.-Character movement can be clunky and the combat in The Witcher series seems to be a love it or hate it type of thing. It is definitely more refined and manageable than the first two games, but I still ended up using a mod that caused my fast attack to dash to enemies, I found that gave the fighting more of an enjoyable flow."
76561198190486269,Recommended,292030,23961800,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,SimonWagon,If you like Skyrim yu will love this. I think it is the ultimate open world rpg and in my opinion is even better than skyrim.
76561198167116053,Recommended,292030,32680643,Posted: 23 June,all,oh ffs,Let's just all agree that this is the best game ever and move on.
76561198144277038,Recommended,292030,29109010,Posted: 7 January,all,Quasar Q,its alright i guess...*cough* best game ever *cough* bought it twice for different platforms *cough* worth every penny
,Recommended,292030,25476458,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,juliano,This game feels like you would wander through hundreds of beautiful Bob Ross pictures.
,Recommended,292030,27031899,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bailey P.,Probably one of the best games I've ever played.
,Recommended,292030,29579487,Posted: 29 January,all,Alfie🔫,11/10
,Recommended,292030,28111864,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Exist,wow
,Recommended,292030,33018599,Posted: 29 June,all,CupCake,The Great Game
76561198312994946,Recommended,292030,33088399,Posted: 1 July,all,r.holds1958,"Quite simply the best rpg / story driven game ever made.Amazing creative side quests, open world , character creation great.The level of content it astonishing, writing is first class.Dlc Heart of stone / Blood and wine are better than most $60 games.200 hrs of pure fun ( caution lots of adult content ).Cd project red are an amazing studio so give them your support game is only £ 15 all in.If your pc can run it,  play it in glorious 4k its breath taking.Its a no brainer go get the finest game ever made in my opinion."
,Recommended,292030,31021800,Posted: 8 April,all,B3n3D1cT cUmB3rB4tCh,Best game ever
,Recommended,292030,33088354,Posted: 1 July,all,Boon,A must buy for RPG lovers.
76561198054512088,Recommended,292030,20229493,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Magic Wizard Man,The greatest game to grace the markets in a long time. Worth every cent.
,Recommended,292030,29611887,Posted: 31 January,all,weezy' ๑ﭥ,10/10 Game. Enjoyed every bit.
,Recommended,292030,21822448,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Lombardi,"The Witcher 3 is the best RPG I have ever played.  I was - and still am - a huge fan of The Elder Scrolls series, the Mass Effect series, the Borderlands series, the Fallout series (havent played 4 yet), and many other great RPGs, but I do not think any of them hold a candle to the immersion provided in The Witcher 3.  This game puts you in a world full of choices, hope, customs and traditions.  You are surrounded by beautiful sights, decisions and storylines, and danger in every direction.  The storyline is amazingly structured and paced, yet uniqueuely ""your own"" as a result of the numerous different decisions and paths you can take.  The Witcher 3 boasts 36 different ""end games"" as a credit to the breadth of choices available to the player during this game, and the numerous different conclusions those endings provide.  No other game I have ever played provided this level of engagement.  There are random side-of-the-road NPC's backstories that will suprisingly resignate with you.  There are aliances you will make, mistakes you will make, and characters you will hate and love, all based off of personal feelings you might not have even realized about yourself.  Although, on the surface, this game sells itself as 'a game of monster slaying and inter-dimensional raiders', it has numerous narritave layers underneath that will leave you amazed."
76561198028574228,Recommended,292030,21845639,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,SanguinePilot,"The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is the apotheosis of the video game medium. It applies familiar RPG, action, and open-world elements; and it does so with gumption. The writing is stellar: the characters, the relationships, the portrayal of humanity, as well as the lore, the world, and the fantasy--all is built expertly off Andrzej Sapkowski's prose. This game contains a world in which to immerse yourself, a place to escape reality, while redefining the genre. But it's the apotheosis of the video game medium because it is pure art. From the visuals, the technical feats, to the agency it gives you as the player: it represents what the medium should aspire towards, as the quintessence of art's evolution.And that's all before Gwent."
,Recommended,292030,21965816,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Armandt,"Best role playing game ever, just buy it, still have to do my SECOND playthrough too!"
,Recommended,292030,21856092,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Nifaro,"The best dark fantasy RPG ever made.After spending almost 200 hours completing everything in the game twice my verdict is - The best game experience I have ever had.The developers literally gave us their hearts and souls. There is no other game nor dlc pack worth more for the money you pay. The only game I am glad and proud to have pre-purchased. Ever.10/10 would ride that unicorn again, and again, and again."
76561198204841260,Recommended,292030,31345720,Posted: 24 April,all,Forse,Witcher seriesBooks 10/10Games 10/10
76561198073346787,Recommended,292030,20076217,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,W3rk-it,Best game evar? Maybe m8.... maybe.......
76561198080856609,Recommended,292030,25385045,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Grelleck,The only problem with this game is that it makes all other games look bad.
76561198162165911,Recommended,292030,25388003,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Peter File,Best game i have played in a long time.
76561198035437934,Recommended,292030,29618273,Posted: 31 January,all,legendsport,"Quite possibly the best game I've ever played. So much to do it's ridiculous. The stories are great and both DLCs are awesome as well. Heck Blood & Wine could practically be a standalone game. Lots of little references to other fantasy staples (Game of Thrones, Lord of the Rings, etc), choices really matter in determining the outcomes of the game & the DLC stories. And because it's the Witcher, there are a lot of ""gray"" decisions where it's not just choosing good or evil, but something that doesn't neatly fit that type of definition."
76561198256531662,Recommended,292030,26652777,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,thor,Only bad thing about this game is the lack of support for modders.I still want The Witcher 1 on this engine.
76561198034535980,Recommended,292030,29108888,Posted: 7 January,all,ItsShowTime,"One of the best games I played in my life. It is perfect from the beginning till the end. Altough I spend 100+ hours in the game I did not wanted the game to end.  The storyline the sidequests, travel every conner of the location is fantastic, Give it a try and you will wake up only when the story ends."
,Recommended,292030,25388621,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,schmell,"It is, quite simply, the best game ever made. The graphics, the sountrack, the voice acting, the storytelling/plot, the combat, the replayability, the size of the world, the freedom, the immersion, etc etc etc are all phenomenal. This game basically just does everything right."
76561198067198869,Recommended,292030,26324501,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Monkey Mouth,"Pros:-Graphics. Audio (Voices, Music, Ambience etc). Worlds. Characters. Design.Neutrals:-Story and missions can be a bit repetative at times. Combat can devolve into ""Spin stick, X, X, B"" for long periods.Cons:-Fast Travel only from waysigns can be tedius.Overall, fantastic. 10/10"
,Recommended,292030,20014790,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,SurfinRainbow,I ♥♥♥♥ING ADORE THE WITCHER 3.
,Recommended,292030,20445472,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Cryomagma,"A review can't easily explain how incredible the Witcher 3 is. It has a rich story that is told through masterfully crafted quests and dialogue. The decisions the player makes actually matter and have an impact on events. There is an incredible level of detail, from textures to landscapes. The world looks beautiful. While plentiful, glitches are usually minor and amusing.The Witcher 3 is easily one of the best games ever. It's exceptional and must be experienced."
76561198092281388,Recommended,292030,20450013,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Spaghetti Coletti,"Made me fail midterms, 10/10 would sacrifice grades again."
76561198065503623,Recommended,292030,23129127,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Danieljah Radwood,"Fantastic game, and $29 for the trilogy pack, it's a steal. Definitely a must-own."
,Recommended,292030,23128471,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,mynamajeff,"This was by far the best purchase I have ever made. I have over 150 hours and still have much to do, and will have even more with the coming expanision. This is my favorite game of all time and would recommend it to anyone who is willing to be drawn into an immersive story. I would also recommend reading the witcher novels if the game really interest you and if you want to know all the lore of the story.10/10 Best game ever"
,Recommended,292030,32071151,Posted: 30 May,all,Draidis,One of the Best games i have ever played. For Story and gameplay reasons. Wonderfull in every aspekt an worth every cent.
,Recommended,292030,26779749,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tod,Incredible. And a LOOOOOOT of contend. The tutorial is bigger the some other AAA games...
76561197975563785,Recommended,292030,33830530,Posted: 27 July,all,BrownThunder,"The best RPG ever made.Project Red, jesus christ keep doing what your doing guys."
,Recommended,292030,22470141,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,CaptinChrunch,theres nothing i would change... other than boats
,Recommended,292030,16089694,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,ครђєร,"Reminds me a lot of how games used to be made...as complete experiences that were solid and polished the day they were pressed to a CD.If you haven't bought this...you definitely should, it is a direct example of how RPG's should be made in the modern era."
76561198028024849,Recommended,292030,16124605,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,wannabeposer,One of the best games i've played in a long time. Fully voice acted with a deep and intriguing storyline and npcs with a lot of depth.
76561197987846698,Recommended,292030,15944943,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Blackhorse,"Witcher 3 may very well be the greatest game of all time. I have been playing computer games since the late 80s and this...this game is exceptional on so many different levels. Everything about this game is superb.The story is top notch, the voice acting fantastic, and the world absolutely stunning and incredible. It is HUGE. I am 30 hours into the game and have barely even scratched the surface of the Velen the area after the tutorial area. This world is absolutely massive. The quests are amazing as well. They are engrossing and many times rather emotionally moving. The Bloody Baron's ""Family Matters"" and the witch's ""Mice in the Tower"" quests come to mind immediately. I was torn as to what to do, and the results of my own choices clearly had an effect on the NPCs with whom I interacted.It also runs well (using the lowest settings) on sub-minimum spec laptop. Even on the lowest possible settings it is visually gorgeous and vibrant. The world is alive.I cannot say enough about this game. It is the best of the best and the new benchmark by which all future games will be evaluated. If you have not done so, treat yourself to this game. Get it. Play it. Enjoy it."
76561197994548142,Recommended,292030,17517725,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Asp LoD,Wow! They must have invested quite a bit in this game. There is so much detail. Well worth the price.
76561198013679172,Recommended,292030,19470923,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,TRASH MID = END,EZ GOTY 10/10
76561198076396065,Recommended,292030,23152592,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,tonesims,"Here's the thing: if you want to get lost in a beautiful, complex, and incredibly vast world then this is your game. It still amazes me how large and deep the world is. It's a steal at full price. Few games ever achieve what this game has achieved. Not only is the world large, but it is so intricately detailed. The side missions actually have purpose and are not stupid fetch quests (I'm looking at you Preston Garvey).It's a shame they released this game on console since it does no justice to its beauty. Just buy it, take your time, and enjoy it."
,Recommended,292030,23594990,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Cevelt,"Possibly one of the best games ever made available to humanity! I love everything about it, the story, the combat,  the quests the graphics. The game is just pure fun.Great work CDprojekt Red, you deserve all the praise that you get, and then some!"
76561197986628744,Recommended,292030,16118142,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,JohnnyRaygun,"Admittedly, I have not read any of The Witcher novels or even played any of the previous Witcher games.  I watched a ""movie"" of The Witcher 2's cut scenes stitched together to get a general understanding of what makes the universe and what is going on before the third game.As soon as I played it I was sucked in.   There is quite a lot of controversy among certain groups about The Witcher 3's graphical down grade.   While that it is true that the graphics aren't as beautiful as the footage shown in 2013/2014, The Witcher 3  is a very beautiful game.  With the latest patches and ini tweaking you can make it look fantastic.What is more beautiful than the graphics of the game, are the stories told.  There is so much lore in this world and it isn't beaten over your head.  You can learn a lot by reading notes, books, speaking with various NPCs.   The choices you make in the game can matter.  Not necessarily to you but to other NPCs.  Most don't even take effect immediately.  I made some decisions in my story that didn't take effect until 10-15 hours later!I was completely sucked into this game.  The music, graphics, stories, everything, is all so fantastic that I powered through all of the side quests and main story to see how it concludes.  While I love it all I wish I didn't just so I could savor every last morsel.While the game is amazing, it isn't quite perfect though.  Inventory management can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥  You can't store any of your loot in a separate location (at least not at the time of this review).  I had to reload save points from time to time because quests weren't triggering properly.  CDPR is pretty on the ball with patches and a new one is coming out soon that'll fix some of these issues but not all of them.   Quite a few glitches from time to time.  Just Google The Witcher 3 glitches and see the list.What's weird is all of those issues would normally hamper my final review of the game but I just can't fault it.  With as large as this world is, you expect there to be some hiccups.  CDPR is working actively to fix those problems and have sworn to back the game for the next 2 years.Solid recommendation.  My favorite single player game."
,Recommended,292030,33239207,Posted: 4 July,all,Mange,Game of the Decade! PLAY IT!
76561197960322498,Recommended,292030,25649465,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,RaiD.fi,100h in and still there is things to do
76561198094745451,Recommended,292030,23275724,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,髪の色は曇り色,"One of the best ARPGs ever made. Cannot resist any Gwent game, 10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,292030,31328833,Posted: 23 April,all,RoseRainblood,"I picked up The Witcher 3 last month on a whim. Here I am now, with 200 hours on my first playthrough. I wasn't sure I'd give into the hype, hence why it took me two years to play it. Oh, how wrong was I...The one thing this game does so brilliantly is storytelling. It excels at writing, characters, voice acting, emotion, expressions... All of these nuances come together and give it so much personality. It doesn't even feel like a WRPG; many appear somewhat stiff and lifeless in comparison.Rarely before has a game managed to get me so invested in the characters and care about their fates.Insignificantones included."
,Recommended,292030,29664286,Posted: 2 February,all,⋆ Rowkai ⋆,i was depresed b4 i played dis game.. geraldo save lives please experience hes journey and be prepared to be cured all of diseases
,Recommended,292030,29953571,Posted: 15 February,all,|RG|Sinko,"This game is just absolutely outstanding.  The graphics are a notch above anything I have seen in a few years, and the gameplay is even better!  There's nothing like slicing and dicing something up with a bad*** sword and romancing your peers as you see fit.  Oh, and the endings can go one way or another depending on your choices during the game.  The game mechanics are just stellar. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,292030,32796666,Posted: 25 June,all,Geralt of Rivia,"Best game of all time. I have played for more than 300 hrs, and still can't get enough of it. Amazing graphics, great characters and story. Also has the best DLCs. Thank you CD Projekt RED.El mejor juego de la historia. He jugado más de 300 hs y todavía no me canso del juego. Gráficos deslumbrantes, personajes e historia geniales. También tiene los mejores DLC. Gracias CD Projekt RED.10/10MasterpieceObra maestra"
76561198157948658,Recommended,292030,19759717,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,igameover,افضل لعبة ار بي جي
76561197977989409,Recommended,292030,20078844,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Unearthed,"Went to see the Peller. He asked me to find his goat. Killed some wolves then found the goat.  On the way back to the Pellar, the stupid goat runs off to a nearby cave.  A big brown bear comes out of the cave and I die.  10/10"
76561198031617683,Recommended,292030,21733020,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,BloodFeast,"Awesome characters, very good storytelling and gameplayGood ending of a witcher game and book series with multiple choices and variations for the enddatadisks provide hours of gameplay"
76561198052989629,Recommended,292030,32137239,Posted: 2 June,all,will_jms,On my second playthrough of this game and it is better than the first. 10/10
76561198046611261,Recommended,292030,26887987,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Princess Zelda,"Where to even begin? I'm honestly worried my review will not reflect my emotion for how breath-taking this game truly is. That said, the word ""masterpiece"" comes to mind. This is CD Projekt Red's magnum opus.  The Witcher 3 is jam-packed with a seemingly infinite amount of material; I never once was bored.  Everything had so much detail poured into it, and the quests where so unique and memorable.  I could see every single quest our hero Geralt performed as having the potential to be sung in legends for centuries thereafter.  I connected with the characters, grew to love or hate them, wondered about their pasts and grew curious and anxious for their future.  So much so, that regarding Triss or Yenn, well, I had never had that much difficulty making a decision in a game.  Call me too invested, but when I eventually did make my decision, it felt almost like a real-life heartbreak.  I honestly felt like I was in Geralt's shoes.  I LOVE that level of connection to my protagonist. I felt like I was in the game.  And I haven't even talked about the monsters yet. I liked to fight monsters that were way out of my league and take sort of a Dark Souls approach, so whenever I defeated these big hulking beasts, it really felt rewarding.  Even when we were more evenly matched level-wise, it still felt worth-while.  The design and everything is just so aesthetically pleasing. It's a pretty game, to put it simply.  And not only that, it has a sense of humor.  Geralt is hilarious.  His sense of humor is just spot on.  I didn't expect to laugh in this game, but I lost my♥♥♥♥♥♥more than a few times.  I'm *currently* 155 hours in and I STILL have things I need to do.  The DLC's by themselves could be stand-alone games.  As if this endless holy grail needed more content (I'm not complaining haha).   I cannot recommend this game enough.  It's one of my favorites of all time."
76561198043596436,Recommended,292030,21730397,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Fifi,"Yes. Yes. Oh, and yes."
,Recommended,292030,33959017,Posted: 1 August,all,Charles Maynard,"Well its obvious.A perfect game with multiple endings, no other game has such great detail, characters and graphics. Its a beautiful game, its ever so memorable. At times it feels as though its a genuine place, Velen is a genuine place, Novigrad, now that feels alive. The DLC is excellent and is priced reasonably, in other words, I can pick apart most games for days and still play them - yet with this I can hardly pick it apart its so good.However if there is one thing that could of been worked on more it could of been the combat, but honestly. When you're given such a rich, in-depth experience its so easy to overlook.Go out and get this excellent, excellent game.They dont make them like this anymore."
,Recommended,292030,33852669,Posted: 28 July,all,Axyel,"This game is without a doubt the best story driven Action RPG that was ever created. Its a masterpiece like no other. No game is perfect and each one has its own bugs and bump, but once you get immersed into this fantastic world none of them matter.You NEED to play this game.I will give a fair warning, after seing how vast with content this game is it might be hard to experience content in other AAA titles without comparing them to the amount of content it the Withcer 3.P.S.The DLC is probably among the best DLC's in a video game."
76561196749262146,Recommended,292030,32185416,Posted: 4 June,all,Grumpy,THERES SO MANY QUESTS HELP
,Recommended,292030,33273659,Posted: 5 July,all,Duck,Makes other games feel boring and unsatisfying...So yeah it's good.
,Recommended,292030,34013377,Posted: 4 August,all,347822215,good game
,Recommended,292030,25240938,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,[FS] The Keeper -NW-,I f**king hate people who doesn't buy this awesome♥♥♥♥♥♥:D ....dont hesitate to buy it you idiots....buy it now :D xD...right now...
,Recommended,292030,30818410,Posted: 29 March,all,ashwinajimsha,Vampire: “Just five more minutes… Is it 1358 yet?”Geralt: “No…”Vampire: “Then ♥♥♥♥ off.”
,Recommended,292030,21725805,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,@mikkuaria,Dont even hesitate.Characters.Atmosphere.Exploration.Monsters.Go get it.
,Recommended,292030,25774275,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,ennui,"Would gladly give more than a thousand hours playing this game.New Game + : Allowing you to keep part of your gear to start anew? And probably making different or the same decisions? Better loot? Count me in.Outstanding story and gameplay, along with its trilogy.I have yet to finish all the sidequests, explore all the possible locations, kill all known monsters, discover all hidden treasures, craft all swords, gear and alchemy items. Oh and finish all DLCs too.Haven't known a single friend of mine that got ""bored"" playing this.""100/100"""
,Recommended,292030,26139165,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Egatlove,"I can't check the ""Would recommend"" button twice.I originally played this game on the Xbox One and instantly fell in love. Despite the long as hell loading screen every now and then, the experience was ten out of ten. I spent countless hours delving into the story, sidequests and scenery of the base game and its satisfying expansions. Now that I have a decent gaming computer, I saw that the game and its expansions were on sale and bought it. Supporting the developers and getting a fresh new chance to re-experience my favorite open world rpg since Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim were reasons enough to buy another copy for my pc.Now I see this game's true and unhindered beauty. All of the settings turned up to ultra at 1080p and I've not experienced a single problem (except one weird crash early on).My complaints of the game are listed in full here:-Gwent isn't fun in my opinion.-Roach can jump off that roof he just spawned on to. I don't care anymore. XDNo, but seriously. I don't think there's a better rpg game out there. I loved the game my first time through; I'm loving it even more my second time through so far with the power of my GTX 1060. If you've got the computing power to atleast play this game at 720p at 30 frames a second on low settings, this game is a must. It is a beauty in EVERY sense of the word.Thanks."
,Recommended,292030,27014326,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nascentes,"Writing this for the Autumn Sale requirement because I'm an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (sorry, mom)Really though, what needs to be said? This game is in a league of its own. CDPR is truely one of the greatest development teams to grace us with the products of their hard work. This is absolutely one of my favorite games of all time and will likely remain hard-placed there. I will be replaying it soon even after spending 100+ hours. ♥♥♥♥ing great story. ♥♥♥♥ing great gameplay. ♥♥♥♥ing GREAT characterization. You can't go wrong.If your machine can handle it, PLAY it. If you ""don't like RPGs"", then well, ♥♥♥♥ you. You have horrid taste in games and should feel bad."
,Recommended,292030,25406789,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Squidcake,Gwent.11/10
76561198063395455,Recommended,292030,25384799,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,cyco,best f***ing game ever made
76561198068295620,Recommended,292030,27821735,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Salta,"This game has a great story, visuals and gameplay performance i would rate this 10/10"
